Good morning.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you were right pardoned upon about the election up there.
What does that mean?
Right.
Yeah, far right.
Yeah.
They didn't win by much.
But you said they would win.
Well, I mean, the polls, when the polls all show their ten points ahead, they didn't even win by that much.
Yeah.
We got our own issues to deal with the WQAM.
We got a program director who thinks he works at WVUM.
Your boy, your protege.
U.M. stuff?
Well, he's off to do basketball again, you know?
Oh, yeah.
After losing my talent sheet that I faked twice, so I didn't not going to get to you.
You know, every payday for me, I don't know about anybody else that works for beastly broadcasting, VBGI.
But every payday is an adventure.
You can't find your life around it or make investments or do anything because God only owes if you're going to get paid on payday.
I'm tired of it.
I have spilkeys every 10th and the 25th of the month.
This is about the 30th time.
About 30, man.
If they pulled this crap on me now.
Would you get paid differently from everybody else in terms of the way it's structured?
Let me ask you.
Do you have talent fees?
I mean, only you have live spots.
You do like the rest of us.
Yeah.
When you get those on the 25th of each month?
Yeah.
Well, that's when everybody gets them.
Same with me.
There's nothing any different there.
The difference with me is that, you know, they have, I'm on the installment plan.
Whenever they get around to it.
Underlines the stall.
Underlines the stall.
You know, how installment is felt?
Underlines the stall part.
Yeah.
And our program director is too busy playing the amateur.
See, I don't know about you.
But once upon a time when we had Duff there and we had with clearance like his is underling under his armpit.
Or maybe he was hiding in his dome.
Right.
Don't worry, hung out.
But, you know, something like that would happen.
You go to him and he would always take care of it.
But now that Duff has been demoted and believe me, they demoted the wrong guy.
They made a bad mistake.
And now Duff is a sales hole, which is the way of saying, hey, guess what?
You're twice he got screwed over.
You know, it's really something when they make somebody you're assistant.
And all of a sudden the assistant's like, look it over your shoulder.
And get ready to like move into your desk, you know, stuff like that.
And then all of a sudden, like, 60% of your salary disappears.
And you become like a glorified the paper pusher and have no authority.
And the next thing, you know, you're a salesman.
Well, I think there's a message in there, you know?
So when his big consolidation took place in December, where they blew away,
Perry out the door and they blew Duff out of that side of the building over to sales,
they made the wrong move there.
But then again, why would they talk to any of us?
What do we know?
So that's the one thing about the good people in this business they talk to the talent, like Dick Casper.
Remember we talked about him a couple weeks ago?
Yep.
I go to lunch with him.
We brainstorm, come up with ideas, all sorts of things.
He was anxious to hear what you had to say.
Joe Bell is.
Well, that may be, but he's inheriting a situation that I don't know.
I don't think he's aware of yet.
He'll find out.
Well, you know, something he may find out, but I already know that this has happened just too many times, you know?
And I get off the yesterday at two o'clock, life goes on.
I'm sitting there in no as a matter of fact, I went to lunch at two o'clock.
I come back at three o'clock.
And here's a frankly message from our sometimes part-time program director who's off to play.
You and basketball, you know, a list of whatever he said as I know his games to disappear for two or three days.
What was the problem with your talent?
Well, she didn't show up and you're checked, but it means that I'm up and your regular check will be there on Wednesday,
but your talent won't.
And here's a facet to accounting and that's it.
And he's getting on a plane.
So I come in there looking at schedule.
Sure he's getting on a plane because the hurricane basketball is at Virginia today.
So that's what he's going to be doing.
So hopefully he's at Virginia.
He'll make you lots of Thomas.
Yeah, your market radio stations can't afford part-time program directors.
Okay, and I told him I was kind of ironic because I told him on Friday.
He came in there for, remember on Friday, I told him he came in for 35 minutes and hassled me for like a book.
I might have eaten, but I didn't even know where my log was.
I was totally unprepared to go on a year because he bugged me for 35 minutes.
And I said, you know, you really ought to make up your mind whether you want to be the program director or a sports nerd.
If you want to be a sports nerd, go over to VOM with Mike Rosenthal and Jay Rokich, you know,
and be a baby the rest of your life or even be a program director.
And the last thing I talked to him yesterday when he came in there,
and George was outside yesterday, so we had our own issues in the studio.
And he comes in in the middle of it and I said to him, I said, Wednesday is payday, okay?
He says, what can I do for you? I said, Wednesday is payday, please make sure that I get paid on payday.
Is that a big request?
See, I am all about you because we've both been in the business about 100 years and worked for a lot of people.
Payday to me was never an issue.
It's a very least they can do.
Yeah.
I mean, that's it.
It would think that that's what we're showing up for every day is to get paid on payday.
Yeah.
And not all to use about a beat, but it would be passed it by this one.
And the ironic part of this is that particular talent, I factored over there twice because he was off in California
doing a basketball game for three days one time.
So it was given to Duff the first time.
And then when I was told, well, maybe we can't find it.
I factored again.
And George and Josh both know this because it was put on clearances desk the second time.
So, clearance either wife does ask with it or he aided for a lunch or made a watercraft sandwich with it.
I don't know what he did with it, but it was just among the missing again.
And then the first response this morning, and I didn't sleep with a crap last night.
It's just because it screws up all my bookkeeping.
We all have both ways that we do things.
I make all my deposits up here.
I send them down there, FedEx, and I have like assisted in my life and where everything goes.
And when you're not going to get paid on payday, it screws everything up.
So I slept maybe three hours all night.
And then the first response from accounting back to this morning is, well, the first time we can write a check will be on next Wednesday, the first of January,
and the first of February, right?
I bet you're back there in accounting.
You know what? I've never had a problem with that here for some reason, but I had a problem.
If I haven't had a problem, 30 times, and George can verify it or any of the listeners, and I talk about it on the year just before I know I heard that.
No, I know. I know. I heard that.
My first small company, this is a joke company. This isn't a real company. This is a make-believe company.
Just let's look at a thing with DirectTV where they automate the 800 bucks and we had DirectTV shut off.
See, it's like if you go to the track and you keep buying tickets, you keep making wagers.
But when you go to cash, you're like, oh, well, we don't give any money out. We only take it in.
Yeah, it's like if you go to your local bank and the ATM says, incoming only, don't try to withdraw any money here.
We just accept deposits. We're not giving any of it back, though.
And that's the way they want life to work with the beesleys. They make it so difficult for you to get your money from them.
It just tears your kishkis out. So I'm a little out of sorts to say the best.
I understand. I've had that trouble at times with the SBN with Disney.
Really? Well, you know how that's, you know, a big nut to crack.
It's because of the way the corporation is structured.
Yeah. It goes from the...
But keep, I can see I could understand that.
It's a big corporation. Things can be lost in the cracks.
But this is a mom and pop operation here. This is not a big corporation.
They like to have people think it is.
You know, we're on a Nasdaq Stock Exchange.
Yeah, right. It's a mom and pop corporation.
It's a Georgian Carolina Bruce Beasley and Joyce.
And that's basically it.
You know, on a bunch of flunkies. It's too many steps.
That's what it feels.
Well, when you got nobody to like...
I emailed Joe Bella five o'clock this morning because I couldn't sleep.
And I just got another message from him back, which I appreciate his efforts.
But nobody should have to go through all of this to get paid on payday.
Over and over and over again.
You know, this is him about the best laid plans of Mice and Man.
So you can say that Joe is, you know, on to what's going on.
It's got to be a while before he catches that.
And you were the one that told me yesterday that Greg Reed has got 10 more years on his deal with him?
As a consultant.
Oh, oh my God.
I think all that band you're picking up there in the tree has affected what used to be a brain.
Actually, it was 11 years.
Yeah, just to make me feel worse.
So I'm not going to be around it alone.
I'm probably going to be alive.
Another 11 minutes based on him.
Is that to be ward him for his incompetence and all the bad things that he didn't.
Jeopardyzing the license and putting stern on the air and ferella on the air
and moving me to nine and hiring Moe and trying to fire George and all the other stuff he did.
I could write a book, not about QAM, not about this business, just about him, just about him.
And the reward for doing the things that he's done is to say,
hey, come on, consult us for 10 or 11 years.
We'll put you on a payroll.
Well, I think that's his deal.
We don't want to pay to people.
What do you mean that's his deal?
He had his deal for X number of years.
Get out of here.
Nobody went 20-year deal.
I guess.
Even in sports, they don't give out 20-year deals.
Especially, the guys are like 50 years old.
I don't know.
I'm just a soldier here.
Yeah.
They just come in, fight my battles every day and go.
Well, that's same with me.
I just come in every day, try to show up and get in the car.
But I'll tell you one thing.
If I didn't get my paycheck, I would wake out.
Yeah.
Oh, haha.
Yeah.
So, wouldn't anybody.
Well, the tenth and the 25th.
Let me say it again.
Payday is not rocket science.
I mean, yeah, I make a lot of money there and I bring them in a lot of money.
And that's the way the deal's supposed to work.
And I give them some big numbers.
And I expect to get paid on payday.
I don't need anybody to kiss my ass.
I don't need any, you know, what clearance is to me.
What do you need for me?
Just make sure I get paid.
And he can't even do that.
And then he leaves me a message.
He's getting on a plane.
He's leaving on a jet plane.
I tell you who should have been on a plane.
That guy that freaked out and jumped off the plane
before the other day.
I said, he should have been on a plane.
They want to serve him right.
Cancel this freaking flight to Virginia to be a sports flunky with a hurry pains.
I mean, don't you find it a little bit bizarre?
Have you ever worked in a radio station with a program director
who was a play by play guy?
This is your guy, right?
This is your guy.
This is your guy who doesn't want to grow up.
He doesn't want to stop with a sports craft.
That's why when his boyfriend, Stugas, was over there on RFX,
the big 940 FOT sports, which I said about 10 minutes,
that's why he was helping a book guest on a competition
because it's his sports buddy.
He was helping a book guest.
We have a fraternity there.
Don't you understand?
We have a hurricane fraternity.
And I don't know how he fits into that because George is
around to me this morning.
He didn't even go to school.
He went to Penn.
He went to State Penn.
Yes, Penn.
He didn't go to State Penn.
He went to State Penn.
I know, but that's my, I'm just, I'm bellishing a little bit.
He belongs in the State Penn for impersonating a program director.
I mean, how is it a little quizzling like this?
All of a sudden, is our program director and comes in and agitate.
When my mother died, you're in a half hour ago.
I thought to myself, oh, you know, I mean, it's not a happy feeling
when your mother dies, but nevertheless, after being nagged
for all those years of my life for like 62 years,
so that finally, I don't, they're got nobody to nag me anymore, you know?
Don't have to be, that's the one bright light.
I mean, she was 91 years a long time.
Good health.
Now I don't have to be nagged anymore.
I'm kind of like free.
Guess what?
35 minutes on Friday, a performance that would just set your ass on fire.
You just wouldn't believe it.
And in your case, that would be a hell of a far-for-us fire.
Believe me.
Talk about a gigantic roid.
How come I feel that I'm the only one that's talking.
I'm just taking it away.
Yeah.
Want me to say.
Nothing, nothing like you said.
You said it was you, you go ballistic.
I have.
I just, I think it's happened to me twice here in all of these years.
Because I have a system that's like foolproof.
I mean, it's just automatic.
I got a friend here.
It does all my bills.
I sign a bunch of checks.
He goes to the post office, gets the mail, gets the checks man.
I make the deposit stuff ahead of time.
I FedEx him down there.
And everything is like clockwork.
No problem, right?
I'll tell you something.
When the floor in the system is not the post office and the post office is involved,
that's saying something.
The thought, the thorn has never been the post office.
Never had any, first of all, we're not using the post office.
We use FedEx or a DHL.
So that's never a problem.
The problem is that, okay, most of the time, this is currently one of his,
I don't know how many times, but usually it's corporate.
Because like I said, they want to pay people on the installment plan,
underland the STALL.
They like to stall and ham and awe.
And but it would be, but it would, just like these to pay,
remember all the problems that Wayne had, giving the money for the,
right, for the broadcast rights?
Oh, yeah.
They used to be like a major scandal in fact,
Barry used to put that in the paper all the time just to give a little silt
to his buddy Greg, the 11 year man.
Remember those days?
I saw what he did.
I saw what he did.
Well, a million short, we either,
I heard the complaints from the doffens.
Right.
I wonder how they do it now over there,
where they got to, you know, make believe,
loan by the R radio over there across the street with Joel Feinberg,
with a four and a half million.
I wonder if he, well, of course, he's got daddy's money though.
See, that's different.
As Greg once said, it's one thing to be a big shot with your own money.
It's another thing to be a big shot with other people's money.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Well, he didn't, makes me want to reconsider my whole life here.
Yeah.
Yeah, but you're not having any problem.
He must like you.
I get paid on the, I've been days and you're making me go to my life.
I get paid on the fifth and the 20th.
Well, yeah, that's because you got to write the positive.
They tell me they keep telling me I can't do that.
Oh, because you're in Canada?
No, because no, I don't get paid here.
The text don't come here.
I could understand if they were coming here.
They go right to my box there.
So why?
Why can't they do you direct deposit?
I don't understand it.
Ask them.
Ask if your program director ever comes back from being a make believe play by play girl.
I mean, guy, ask him why they can't do that.
Ask the program director.
There you go.
In fact, maybe there's a new segment for you.
I used to do that.
I know that.
Now, which PD was that?
There was an up or a gear?
Andrew Ashwood.
Oh, Andrew Ashwood?
Yeah.
How's he doing?
I mean, how's he doing?
Well, just to show you that there is no basis for judgment in his business.
Yeah.
He's in charge of some major radio network.
There you go.
I bet he's got 11-year contract, too.
He could be.
He's been there for about five already.
One of these days, next time you and I talk off the air, remind me to tell you a great
Andrew Ashwood story that I'm sure you're not aware of.
But you talk about slipping your lid.
You'll just laugh so hard your innards may fall out.
He's well, listen, huh?
He's with one of the big...
What's it?
I forget which...
The one that was based in San Antonio.
What network was based in San Antonio?
You're asking me?
Oh, I thought you knew.
I don't...
I try to avoid this business.
I don't know.
Maybe it's Emmis, but that sounds too Jewish to be in San Antonio.
Oh, I'm sorry.
He loved San Antonio.
Right now, Andrew Ashwood's program director for Fox Sports Radio.
Wow.
Well, that's your face right in.
Hey, Andrew.
You're fairies.
Anyway, don't forget, let me tell you that story.
It'll...
Sounds good.
It'll curl your hair, the few that you got left.
Well, listen, it's already 10-13 and we're already past the first break.
But, you know, I don't really care because I'm just...
I'm in Lala, Landa.
I just didn't sleep.
Sure.
This is not the way to treat people.
You know, this is the way this company treats people.
And then you got the PD.
Oh, wow, I'm getting on a plane.
See, it wouldn't have bothered me nearly as much as if I had the feeling that he was actually going to be there.
And I will tell you, he was involved in a couple of calls this morning because probably Joe must have gotten a hold of him and ripped him and asked.
But this isn't...
Make up your mind, clearance.
Program director or sports, little boy.
Okay, make up your mind what you want to be.
This is a major market radio station alleged.
We can't afford the luxury of a part-time program director who wants to play sports and take showers with the guys after the games.
Anyway, you have yourself a great day.
I hope things get better for you today.
Gosh.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't want to hear you like this.
You're the one who told me, but I understand.
Take the money to the bank.
But you can't take the money to the bank.
That's the deal.
Take it right to the bank if they give it to you.
Have a great day.
You too.
You call this big market radio?
Ooh.
Hey, clearance.
You idiot.
Okay.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
We came out Samuel'sああ m Westminster
play us then pose for a second or two, and then,
that& and, everybody plays you off the stage.
In the years resolutions this year you have the best chance to lose weight and get healthy
again.
Balance for life and this year we're trying to get the beast ready for his wedding day.
At least keep him alive for a long.
And maybe one of these mornings he'll come and actually give us an update and let us know
how he's doing.
What could be easier than getting three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks delivered
every day right to your doorstep in a little blank sack and you still lose weight like crazy
the way it pours off your ass and because you have five feetings a day you're not starving
all day long like those other deals.
You don't have to slurp around in the gym and fight all those other small people and take
showers with strangers sit back and eat delicious gourmet meals in fact they send you
a menu every week and you pick out your own selection for each meal and snack and the
folks at balance for life do all the work they designed the meals based on very zones
very very zones serious diet or is that the Brian's use diet area zone diet well whatever
it is I had balance for life so call them now and let them cook up fantastic meals for
you every day and bring them right to your door at your home your work whatever and
watch the weight pour off your fat ass.
Call 1-866-225-4543 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com and don't forget
mention me or QM when you call and get two days free free food this week when you call
two days free of food 1-866-225-4543 of balance for life.
Wonder how the beast is doing.
This is meal Roger's.
This is 5.69
Every time he's doing this the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take a seat and cover it and sleep.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
He wants to make a new order.
That's 10 blocks that come together.
Next time, for us to rebuild a New Orleans, the one that should be uptown all the way
over the hill, this city will be chocolate, a chocolate New Orleans.
He never takes the blame, or anything he says.
Chocolate, at the end of the day, that shopper in some coffee and a f*** of wine for theirs.
Renaming him.
Renaming him.
No, I can't.
Renaming him since he wants to make new Orleans taste good.
You can't have New Orleans no other way.
It was the main cause.
Oh yeah, how about like a little mocha latte would be good too.
You idiot, you whizzling, you simple-dun man.
What a jerk.
10, 23 and 5, 60, WQA and happy Tuesday too.
Is that what day it is?
Yeah.
I thought I mentioned this fact we got early this morning about the Bobby Kennedy shooting.
I'll show up for the pool today.
But in the midst of all the sick hosts, I always go like, uh-huh.
Yeah, let's get that on there.
Yeah.
In fact, it's a good fact here from Bob and Coral Springs.
He says, um, oh, and you'd have been very impressed.
Just suds called in yesterday.
Daddy.
Daddy wanted today's pool, which we got to get to yesterday's first, but yeah, because
he actually saw a live on TV, the news broadened the service zone that the lure brings out
on the air.
Wow, that must have been something.
And there's somebody else saw it too.
Maybe they saw it on tape.
I don't know if they saw it live, because that wasn't required for the pool, which by
the way, two people let's saw it.
I'll make you proud.
I was going to say, I forgot to tell you yesterday that at the end of the article that I
read, that inspired network.
Really?
Really?
And then you fell asleep.
I wish I was still.
I can't.
I was hoping for the fall asleep right now.
God, if anybody needs it.
Anyway, Bob says, um, my nomination is the Bobby Kennedy shooting in 68.
And of course, we didn't see that live on the air, but we did see that.
And most of the, a lot of these we didn't see live, but we saw the, uh, films.
They didn't have no video back in end, but the film of it.
And, uh, I don't know.
When you see it live, it's got much greater impact.
Although the film was pretty scary too.
The fact that, uh, Sirhan, Sirhan shot about 82 shots out of one gun was pretty
old, you know?
However, says Bob, my vote is gone to the Ruby shooting really Harvey Oswald.
So Bob must be an old user like me too, because it says there are only a few moments in
life where you can remember where you were at the exact moment.
As such things are normally the birth of a child, et cetera, just like the assassination
of Kennedy.
Yet I can remember sitting in my living room with my brother and parents glued to the
TV watching the Kennedy funeral in the events surrounding it when they start to bring
LHO out to armored the bank type of truck, Lee Harvey Oswald, and Ruby pops off the
shot.
Now I'm sure you've seen the film of that.
Yes.
But I saw that live on TV.
NBC actually had their cameras under the Dallas police station.
They had the live feed.
And the guy who was covering it later became the president of NBC News.
I can't see him in his face.
I can't think of what his name was.
It says, do you remember to look on Lee Harvey Oswald's face as well as the Dallas
cop in the white cowboy head?
Yes, Bob.
I certainly do.
Like always, yes, yes, today.
I see their watching on live TV.
Here is a man who is accused of just assassinating the president of the United States.
And Lee Harvey and Jack Ruby, who was just a mobster, flunky hang around the cop station.
One of those guys, they used to whine and dine the cops at his bar at his top of his
bar.
I didn't get him laid in whatever else.
And he just waddles in there.
He just happens because he's got his contacts.
There he knows what time they're going to be transferring Oswald to the prison.
There's waddles in there and about a bane.
Right in front of everybody's face.
Oh, gee.
I do remember to look on Oswald.
You saw that, didn't you?
Yeah.
Kind of a pained expression like something just shot him into a poopy.
Hey, I didn't see that coming.
Yeah.
Oh, like man at Hoi, like that, the guilty bit, you know, like that hoi, that time.
And I guess it probably did.
Well, we shouldn't have won Oswald around to talk too much.
And of course, Jack Ruby, well, I was a path see.
And then Jack Ruby was having that interview with Dorothy Kill-Gallon.
She died mysteriously.
And then all of a sudden, like overnight he got cancer and died in about two minutes.
That was really amazing.
I don't want to say it's a stretch of the imagination, but the government lies a lot.
Kind of like the Greg Reed School, the 11 year man, you know him.
See, probably didn't believe that.
So you heard it from the Humphers mouth.
Oh, yeah, I believe that what?
He's got 11 years on the payroll.
That's probably why they can't afford to pay the rest of us on time.
Because they're paying important people like, great.
Getting his reward for the fabulous things he's done.
He started screwing up even before I had the my first day on here.
You want to really spend the whole day talking about that today?
See, the audience is probably, oh gee, we're second-tiering here.
And you belly-hick about not getting paid all the money.
You know, and I can understand that because I've talked about it how many times?
About 30 minutes.
30 times in the last several years.
Remember the one day I just went on strike and I played music all day.
Right?
Well, that sounds like a winner because I was so pissed off.
And it just gets old.
There's no excuses for not paying people on payday.
This isn't rocket science.
This isn't like some complicated.
We need to dig up Einstein's body and find out how do you get people paid
on payday?
How do we find those talent sheets?
Who do we have to pass it by?
How many committees do we have to pass it by and get it rubber stamped and approved?
Is that what I'm going to like lie on here or something?
Just pay the freaking money.
That's all.
You cheap nose-picking, banjo-picking idiots over there.
I think they're probably up in upset that Wilson Picked the idea of the day.
Isn't that their middle name Picked?
27 after 10 if I sound a little bit aggrieved.
Hey, resolve yourself through a better-night sleep in 2006 by calling 1-800 mattress
right now.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on you daily.
Health well-being and productivity in a good night sleep and you get one as soon as
tonight from bottom actress by calling 1-800 mattress right now.
You know, the one thing I've discovered in this business is the people are really
doing a good job that's screwed over every time and the flunkies that hangers on man,
air rake in there, they're taking home and they couldn't give a crap less.
Anyway, if your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably sagging or
lumpy.
It's time for a new one, folks.
Choose the complete line all the top names in the betting industry.
Sealea, Serda Simmons, Ketemper, Peter King, Coral, Sterns and Foster, he can do it.
Dialometrics take same day orders all day long from kettle to stew or from palm beach to
Ford Myers.
And like always, you get to pick the date into our living window for your mattress to be
delivered when it's convenient for you, when your fat ass is going to be home and they
show up 99.7% of the time on time.
So all of these reasons are the reasons I've used dialometrics for years and why I know
you'll be a really happy customer too.
So start the new year off right with a great new mattress from dialometrics and get a better
night sleep for years to come.
Pick up the phone right now.
It's the easiest piece of shopping you can think about to when call 1-800-MATRUS or do
your shopping on their website at mattress.com.
Dialometrics 1-800-MATR-R-E-S. Leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational
Stupendous Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-A-S.
Hands for nothing.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm an old, tired, toad.
I'm an old, tired, toad.
I'm an old, tired, toad.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
I'm working.
You know, religion is only construction.
You know, religion is only construction.
you know, religion is only construction.
And you know, religion is only construction.
You know, religion is only construction.
But you know, religion is only construction.
מוro millimeters north five.
Abers Rosalind and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and degrees and sigma
have used them does some extraly in packs.
Oh, little bit of clothes every day.
is minimal.
They also give you your talent check by with an old man with a walker and they give you the original
Talent sheet that you fact in the clearance because he can't find it
He couldn't find his he couldn't find your ass with both hands. How do you like that?
Let's get bigger every day. There is a really couldn't find Hank's ass with both hands
What does that tell you how desperate he is?
You know if he would just stay away from me
He'd be a lot we'd both get along a lot better. I almost said like me and Mo
Might me and clearance if he would just stay the hell away. No, no seriously
You know as well as I do how many months it's been like over a year now that every time payday comes and passes like the next day
I start reminding the powers of being hey don't forget now two weeks till payday
I kind of half jokingly but knowing what a night mirror. It's always touch and go it is outfit
Oh, we got some story. Oh, well the package got left on the
Counter and then on the course there was a time they paid me twice
Remember that right? Yeah, and being
Being a schmuck I gave him the second check back because it was a very substantial
Pay me twice for the same time period
I should have kept it just in case for the other times it wouldn't pay me at all
Listen, you should have put it in an escrow account. Yeah, that's right. And then it could like drawn on it like right now
That's that's a good I could have drawn interest on it anyway the buffer account there
Yeah, for the times of the beesleys can't get around like and this business from that bitch back there in a county about well over
The soonest week in place check is
When you told listen when you told me that if you had any idea how close I came to go and right back to bed
You have no clue. I mean, but it was not a curly bit of hair
It's not to them here at accounting when they can cut the checks as you know
That's not the point. It's also not up to them to make that decision
She should have asked of course you couldn't ask our program director
Because he's like doing a ball game somewhere
He was busy being Mike Rosen's all to you there from VLN
Not seriously. I just being a program director to major marker radio station
Isn't the kind of thing you learn on the job, you know, you don't get on the job
Training for being a PD you know like like like being on the on the job training to be a heart surgeon
It's just just not something that's done. It's very of course in QAM
Religion 81 they don't like that politics 73 they shut it right off. All those right wingers too bad
You not see bastards mo how we did it at 68 well, you don't have to worry
Don't go to the news. We still got the great bits lot more coming fag stuff 66
They don't like that. Yeah stuff at all
Now see movies 50 see what I mean right? I thought that one guy would be the only one I call it
Oh when you guys talk about movies who wants to hear about more?
I don't know when you guys talk about breathing the air. It's just you know who wants to breathe the fresh air
I don't I don't give it
But anyway 50 people I don't like to move radio stuff 44 like today for example talking about the inside stuff
And believe me. I'm not even closely. I love that stuff and I know that's what we were talking about yesterday
They love it. I think I left a spot out of my
Thank you. I'm totally disorganized. Is that okay? Oh here it is. Here's the spot right there
No, I'm not disorganized. I'm ahead of myself
Here's the spot for two day anyway getting back to the pool can I finish this place?
Radio stuff 44 music 42. I think that's primarily your crap right?
That's me although I actually the guy to call it and did did mention you and your stuff
But obviously they hate my music much more because I'm an old toad and what do I know about music sports 34
Sports food and restaurants 24 meals bedtime stories only 20
I was hoping for like a hundred for that so I have to sit here and keep right spending all this energy the pool 18
612 and gambling oven so they like gambling and sex and the pool which you see the and the bedtime story
Well, you don't talk about gambling a whole lot and gambling. I think you probably don't really talk about it
Only with a hopper I talk about it and occasionally mentioned some I you know visits out to woodbine or whatever
No, we don't talk about it a whole lot and what's there to talk about right?
There'll be like Rick Riley talking about the stock market, you know fair value today is
Brother poor studs, you know, he's such a great guy called in yesterday like I told you that I feel so bad for him
Talk about guys getting screwed on payday show it up 1042 at 560 WQM the ammo coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet
That's not just the opinion this old fat slaw, but that's is rated by again restaurant review
And now every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest at the ammo coast featuring main lobster thermidor style
And every night is crab fest with laskin snow crab legs dungeon is crab Jonas stone crabs the many still includes fresh oysters on a
Have so in a sushi bar with over 30
30 men you can add them you can count them believe me the ammo coast also serve delicious juicy New York steaks cooked order in hand
Car prime rib and on the weekends for dessertly room for the ammo coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain
You can hand if your own strawberries marshmallows other decadent treats and January 27th through February 5th
Which sounds like what's the 27th?
Friday yeah February 5th come celebrate the Chinese New Year with the ammo coast featuring roast duck crispy chicken
sweet and sour fish
fat and roasted suckling pig every night the animal coast has got three convenient locations to serve you
You'll find them in sunrise. What was that against sweet and sour fish? Let me say it again
fat three locations are in sunrise sunny else beats in Pembroke Pines
Reservations ingested Chinese New Year come up starting Friday. So come and have a real feast and the pass on the fish
Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22
is
This is 5
16
18
2
Now that kids are getting adult diabetes, they're also at risk for other grown-up ailments
That's why your young one needs Bayer children's arthritis formula
Oh, my head hurts so much I could talk Bayer children's arthritis formula goes to work fast to relieve the pain that comes with young age
But now I can crank up the Detroit dance to jitterbug
Bayer children's arthritis formula delivers relief to where kids need it most arthritis made my hands so stiff
I could barely sit on a downpour and claim my new fangled video game
But thanks to Bayer children's arthritis formula. I can play super Mario
Shakers until the cows come home sunny Bayer children's arthritis formula. It'll make your kids feel like a kid again
It's a real going on back from the makers of teen depends on time over here 1047 at 560 WQAM
So today's pool the month for the and and thanks to Sean again. Well, I tell you he's a life saver
You know, yes, he is we had 10 people like Sean out there sending this new pool ideas. We wouldn't have to wrap our brain
To come up with the original great ideas, you know, I could I should hoard those up, but I don't know you better not
Mostly today I know the last thing in the last day of the world
I need to be worrying my pretty little head about is come up with a pole for my stupid ass shows God
5. Oh, it's just it's just mind blowing
You know, it's like it's like it's like the better the job you do for them the more they keep punishing you and punishing you
It's like remember when I came back up here about three weeks ago right after the a new year, right?
And I had that grow test the flight from a hell in fact
I should have jumped off of that plane and
Come back here at my pressure was higher in hell and I couldn't get it down and I come on the next to him
In fact, I took a sick day. That's the first sick day I take it in the years and I come back in there
And then the next day and I said please just everybody leave me alone
I still got my head is killing me. I'm finally got my pressure down
I had a really horrendous trip and incomes parents
Bapapapah and income is Troy again
See we got a bunch of overgrown children there who don't understand that people are we're not we're not just ponds
Okay, we're not just pieces on a chessboard were human beings, okay?
And so you know you tell Troy to get lost right? Oh well when your people want to talk to my people since you don't want me in there
We're like like like an overgrown child like like in the infant all I asked is that cut me some slack today
I don't feel really good. I got bad blood pressure my head is splitting
Just stay away from me with your baby crap today and come back another no if you know your people on a talk
I'm which of course would be a convenient excuse while we get no response on well how do you accounts are doing what?
Uh on anything, you know, that's a good excuse. Well, he's such a bastard anyway. He don't want us in there in a morning
Well, you got that right just stay the hell away like I said you idiot
Go be a talk show host, okay?
Go be in fact maybe he can be the program director and these are inclerances in there because Troy obviously is looking to do anything
He said sell so maybe that's something you can do is be the PD
You think
The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is oh listen. I'm only getting started now
I might just tell the whole story about Greg and Joyce and that contract because that was another classic example
And they didn't not just to me although I don't know the degree that they did it
They pulled it on mad dog they pulled it on Hank all three of us
And those contract renewal deals there when the ticket was trying to get the Hank and mad dog to sign up over there and jump ship
But what they put us through and you could ask Norma can't she'll tell you what they put us through for day after day
Just psychotic
Psychic like crazy people and Caroline Beasley and Joyce are telling what everybody's gonna sign these contracts
And if you dare say anything against management or anybody of the sports franchises or anybody who ever went to a ball game
You're gonna be fired and you know and we're gonna sign that what kind of a contract is that nobody signed that
Kakka that's exactly what it was. That's what they could do with it. They could wipe with it
Just just show everybody what big bosses you are over there
You're really very important over there in Naples Florida, man. You are really hot stuff man
I can smell it all the way up here. I can smell it. God. I know that Beasley smell from a 1200 miles away
God the stench
We're very important people run a stock exchange. Yeah, right Caroline get serious get a life
Just pay the check. Okay. Just sign the check and quit dizzling around. Okay, the most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is the 9-11 attacks
Passes everything because it was recent and because
Quite frankly whoever saw anything like that anyway
Especially when the towers fell and you notice how nobody talks about the people in the tower number two
That didn't have to die because they were told go back in a building now even taking into account the
Flaw communication between the firemen and the police department because they hated each other like poison and that they were communicating well even
Setting that aside the FAA certainly had to know that there were four planes that were hijacked right right
I mean they knew that almost immediately it wasn't just the one the first one the one went in tower number one
There were all these other planes that were missing and they were unaccounted for and it off the radar screen and off course
So they knew that there were series of planes that had been hijacked. That's correct
So the possibility that there was going to be another plane hit there the idea sending those people back in there to put their lives in jeopardy
Would of course a lot of them did die the death tool there could have been a fraction of the
Three thousand what it was if those people would have a back and a lot of more on the way out right a lot of those people
Run away all right. Oh go back everything's okay. We got the all clear. It's just the other tower
And you know, it's just a melting and gonna falling and a put other than that just tragic and nobody talks about any of these things
That's why we got all these commissions and these committees and they're studying this and there's the you know something they can take all of that and wipe your ass with it
That that's the amount of good that it does because well, what is it ever changed? Does it change anything?
Oh nothing nothing just a lot of ruby it's okay because we want to like sweep everything out of the carpet and make people feel better
Oh jeez
I'm sure that all the voters of us people have died on on 11 feels so much better now that we have those commissions
What which of course they were pushing for that but the problem is nothing ever gets done and do we hear any more about that?
Why would we hear about that when we got all these cool mind disasters right?
Right we have a missing chick from a Rubin a missing guy from the cruise ship why would we hear about talk?
I like that 9-11 attacks 389 or nothing like it hopefully never again 392
Neil Armstrong walks on the moon at least allegedly 47. I think that was in Nevada
The challenger explodes 37 that was the one with a school teacher Reagan said is that the one with a school teaching?
Yeah, that's the one the one that they rushed because they wanted to get it ready for his statement the Union dress by the way
They rushed it they want ready now they're all dead jack ruby should see Harvey Oswald right there
37 so must be a lot of other well. I guess you know you've seen the the film of it
But to see it live is really something right there unfolding right before your eyes the JFK assassination
17
2000 lesson count 12 there went and how could it have only 12 in Florida man as long as we live
Can we ever get the division of the guy the judge with the eye that that kept protruding pop it look like his
Eye ball was gonna pop out of his head kept holding up that ballot and looking at that hanging Chad Everton the Jeremy Clyde old Google
Eye yeah
Yeah, he probably got a lot of Google stock that guy Google AI the OJ Bronco chase 11 and fat rich rest and peace said oh
They already he just committed suicide on the side of the road
Remember that we're in Vegas all of us that was that Bob Lincoln trip
Viva Las Vegas. Hey, boy Bobby. Let's have a I'll tell you what I got a great idea you want to put me over the edge
I'm right there now again
Let's have another one of those Vegas trips. By the way, thank you Bob Green for sticking it to us
See there was no money in for them so they didn't give a crap about it. They don't want to support me
And and you know something when you come right down to it and you know
It's nice to think back in the past and nostalgic and about getting paid on time on payday which we did over there
But what were we always bitch about the only thing they cared about which is why that bit came about
I think I cared about was the kings and the dolphins and the dolphins and the kings and all the sales efforts went into that and a pregame and a postgame
Just like on this station we get a fast last week from an email from fat boy about how our the real pregame show sure kicked
Waxies ass like we care about that on this show. What do we care? Who cares the real pregame show my ass
That would be a show. Well, and be sure to sell be whatever they got on here for those retards
They have over there across the street and we got some too
Anyway the OJ trial eight and another thing and there you see that's the thing with the stage
You'll never forget that'll stay with you forever right and we're on iod ronnie or will simulcasting kf i in loss angeles
The day that the jury came down with a verdict and when they announced not guilty
My chin dropped to my toenails and all of all three of my chins because at that time
I think I had a couple extras. Holy remember that?
Good god. How is this possible?
Just overwhelming evidence and then of course that great act he put on with a gloves
Which of course it's shrunk from being wet from the blood and everything but that act
But oh gee I can't get these on and those ugly Bruno Molly shoes which of course later on we had to photo him
Wearing them at a jet-scale whatever the ass shoes those ugly acts. Excuse me ugly ass Bruno Molly shoes. Well, they were brown
Well, what can brown do for you?
OJ trial eight the Katrina floods the Gulf Coast seven chocolate
LN Gonzales rest of six
Callabuy massacre four Bobby rigs and Billie Jean King four Clinton impeachment hearings four
L.A. riots four more chocolate
Wayco shoot out three watergate hearings three bombing a Baghdad part one three Janet Jackson's booby flap three more chocolate
Sarah soda woman kills herself on a year two
Ron or Reagan gets shot two running King beating two dark chocolate Oklahoma City but chocolate. I'm sorry
Oklahoma City bombing two princess dies death one and how can we did also well whatever uh shock at all Iraq part two one
Columbia shuttle breaks up over Texas only one and none for shine head
O'Connor riffs up a picture of the Pope which I don't even know that was on
That's just stuck at him Bobby Kennedy shooting or a value jet plane crash in the Everglades or J.F. Clay okay
Whatever's name was a plane crash
Wait a minute don't see you
Well, I'm a little out of shorts here this morning. Don't worry. At least him in his sleep. Me too
Let me say it again, you know remember captain Quig with the uh the
Steel balls with the ball bearing I mean Joe Bell seems like a really nice guy
But once he starts uncovering all the skeletons that I filled in the favor in a seal
I've got this you're gonna start seeing him looking for strawberries and I refer to you later there and rule in somebody's steel ball
You think we're gonna have a debolited maybe a deboling
1057 at five sixty you fair love it to QM if you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid if your new year's resolution is a great
High-paying career then do something about it right now
Pick up the phone to call fast train at 1 866 fast train fast train will get you trained already for a new high-paying career
Just a few short months. That's all it takes. That's the ms
Just a few short months can get you a great new high-paying career and a life the demand for medical coding specialist and computer
Professionals right now is at an all-time high and eventually when you get your new job
They'll actually pay you on payday fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes job placement assistance and financial aid for people to qualify
Pick up that phone to call fast train at 866 fast train and don't forget to place over a hundred individuals
Just like you in 2005 check them on the web at fast train.com
But act now in order to obtain that new high-paying career because
Classes are filling up fast don't miss the train of opportunity this year make that new year's resolution
Reality say goodbye to your boss that dead end crappy job and get a big fat paycheck that actually shows up on payday
Call toll free 1 866 fast train and be sure and tell him that Todd Dreck told you to call
This is Neil Rogers
This is 569 AF
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your boy
Any questions
Do you know anything about chocolate from the controversy the mayor of New Orleans comes on brand new chocolate
Treat this will be chocolate racist peanut butter cops. How do you make that?
It's a delicious brand of dark chocolate. They take dark chocolate. So I'm in a super normal peanut butter
And because it's Ray Megan's racist peanut butter cops all the peanut butter has been moved off and replaced with chocolate
That's the chocolate I'm talking about just the way God intent is the way God wants it to be
And make sure to try the delicious chocolate drink Megan's work
You mix it with white milk and it becomes a delicious drink
And for chocolate and nothing much chocolate try racist pieces
You can't have chocolate no other way. Oh, yeah, I love it. I'll chew it 560. I hear it's real bad for you
And give you that BBs. That's what I'm hearing
Yep, 560
705 60 pound 560 into Verizon singular right aside. I don't know if I want to take any calls today
I'm just not in the mood, you know, well all these lines ringing you don't know they're flies you like crazy man
They're smoking very considered aren't they?
Smoking something. Yeah. Well the guy I played must have been smoking something
I still say he should have been on clearances playing
You know one taken to do that silly ass ball game up there in Virginia
Hey, it's the canes. Maybe it's the canes grow up already get a life you idiot
See that's another thing you know if um that nice lady that you said back in accounting was I know who she is
Michelle who's always speaking whatever but it could have been either one of them
But at any rate if she would like a gone to clearance to get a signature on the
Calendashie that I faxed in
She'd have found an empty desk
Right, you see you see how he works this guy? I yeah because he ain't there
And then she could have gone to see Duff but then again he's he's been relegated to the role of sales flunky now because
I don't know. I guess he didn't have his head far enough
I thought after all his years he'd know where to stick it, you know and his head to you
It's not alone. Yeah, but I guess Greg's uh, I guess it just wasn't enough room left back there
What would Maddie Bell and Gary Sarner and the water Nazi and formerly scurrying you thought that when she dumped out of there
It might have opened up a little uh crevice
Or that that candy in the crevice
Oh, it's not so you put it there. Oh, yeah like crazy
Wtq.y.m. Hello
Okay, like I said, I don't think we're taking any calls today q.a.m. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Can I get on you're on you're it. Oh, okay, man. I guess something for your pole there
For the one today or the one week from Stukas today the okay virgin Mary had toast
What a incredible I would agree with that the virgin Mary on the ride a whole week grilled for the whole week grilled cheese
It was my real cheese virgin Mary on a grilled cheese. There you go
And you know what kind of bread it was I do not it was wonder bread. Oh, I wonder wonder who wrote the book alive
But was it kosher her pay soft? That's the question. You know something. I haven't I haven't played that in
She's on the docks
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened oh my god
And she's buying
The bread is wonder
By the way stick it up our illustrious program director such as he is I hope you understand that they're in his
His experience of life there are only two radio stations in the South Florida market
Us and the people across the street you do understand that don't you right good? That's not the case. Oh, I'm sorry
W.A.M. Hello crankline. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have one for the
The poll today okay
How about for all the getting hit in the face with the chair by
I thought we put that up there. I guess we left it off
We mentioned yesterday getting his nose busted with a chair
You know perfect. I guess Josh you're filled on on the job. Thanks a lot, Sally. Thanks. Thanks. For all though gets a
Bust in the nose man for live TV is funny. It was great and well deserved by the way
We're gonna replace him with a clearance next show
Spigna crazy people a passenger on board a delayed continental airlines flight from four loaded-eiled to newer became
Agitated yesterday. You see this guy nope. You didn't see him. Sorry. Oh, it's chocolate
Dark chocolate opened the door and jumped to the tarmac
Broward state of office visual so not that it makes any difference
I just mentioned that in passing and I'd like to know why he doesn't have a shirt on here put some clothes on pal
shows the ABS
Oh, he's got a got him there or whoever that is that is and he's just standing with a shirt off
Not a good idea on the plane man and pit starts to
Maybe that's why he jumped out of his hunting there Troy Anthony Rigby 28 a pop-in-o beach
ran toward the front of flight 408 is attached to the runway about 515 yesterday afternoon
Sheriff Ken Jenny said that's right the possum Ken Jenny
What is Troy? Oh, that's his name Rigby banged on the cockpit door the front door and the door in the food galley
Jenny said anybody home like like Michelle is doing on clearances door right now
Passengers and crew rush to stop him in the ruckus a passenger was bitten on one hand and possibly broke the other hand on the other hand
Wow
Finally to crew the pressurized the plane so Rigby could open the front door
Adjunny said when he jumped to the tarmac dip it he shot him twice with a taser
It's absolutely bizarre Jenny said that it's the second time in South Florida
Why did expect it there in a lot of stress a lot of pressure? Maybe he didn't get paid on time on payday
Think that could be would sent me off on December 7th federal air marshals fatally shot day
Well, we know about that well he had that backpack. You know any we have said he had a bomb or somebody said he had a bomb and
Yeah on the flight from Miami to Orlando as a precaution
Rigby was taken a Broward General Medical Center for Lauderdale faces charges of criminal mischief criminal press passing
Mr. Meener battery resisting arrestment violence and battery on a law enforcement officer
Didn't say anything about Sally fits his battery
Paul singular for Lauderdale was in first class when Rigby rushed by
He tried to subdue Rigby in what he described as a chaotic ordeal
We all just sort of sat back and looked around like what happened
Siggler said is right hand bandaged. You didn't know what he was gonna do
Siggler said we'd be complained of claustrophobia as he struggled with flight attendance and three or four pastures
The flight was delayed keep in mind was supposed to leave at 515 till 915 in the PM
Well, it's a good thing. I wasn't clear. It's his flight. He missed his ballgame
Oh, and what's life without that hurricane ballgame is right not worth living
That's correct. He complained to clonk. Here's my suggestion anybody out here's got claustrophobia. Don't get on a plane
Oh, they're concept. Yeah, it gets really a close in there
You know especially when they close the door. That's why as we went in open the door a little fresh air and no
Yeah, please, you know
Although quite frankly, it's a good thing. He did it at that point as opposed to like 27,000 feet
That's a good point. Yeah, I thought so
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I am so in coherent you have you can't even begin to imagine on your wildest dreams
pound 5 60 leap rise and say and look at that look at those calls are pouring in man
The 24th of January 2006
Upcoming at big three-th anniversary on air March 1st, which I can imagine is a big hull of blue coming about
Can't you see the response of the town the whole town just filming at the mouth all gathering around their radios a ticker tape parade
Get ready for the big celebration although who did I read about oh dick perton just got reupt in Detroit again for like the next
I think he's got 11 more years like Greg at the oldie station there
He's been on the air for like 45 years in Detroit. There may be not in Detroit. He was in
Baltimore for about five minutes and somewhere before that since an anti our girl old friend dick pernista college
Oh, love this a lot, but he's not a touch probably probably can't just stay awake them any hours now
Wt. Q. I. M. Hello. Yeah, I wanted to pull. Yes, sir
Yeah
Some years ago the John Stoffel was I think hit by a world wrestler or something and
It is I think he lost some hearing is here again. You still kind of know when I thought that was funny
Excellent
What was it saying again?
And I got a thanks pound. All right. Thank you. He's a little slow. Yeah. Yeah. You got a John Stoffel
In the head. I can though Google it and find out the name of the wrestler is a kind of fun event. Yeah, I would think so
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 them try to wake up here. What do we got on that agenda there?
They let's see in the revolving door. Oh, that's gonna be good today revolving door. We got both two to four
Kim Bo camper and a three o'clock jacke martain coach of your Florida Panthers David Jolt
I'm gonna print Dave Schultz's on yeah, no from also lots of live
We're confronting David Schultz the pro wrestler saying that you know, they've got days to fill up your flyers
And David Schultz's icon says that feel fake to you. He smacks jacke martain
Right anyway, that that'd be something Kim Bo camper talking hockey with the frog panther coach
You might away jacke martain you can take your block Quebec while whatever it is and stick him block it
That's why my ass what a bunch of militant nasty frogs and that Jill do step Easter. Well Quebec is a nation and you won't call it a nation
Nation my ass, okay? If you want to be a nation to see you already get lost
So that the rest of Canada doesn't have to keep pouring all that tax money into your stupid ass frog place. Oh you pipsies
God if you had any act you think you've got problems man the Quebecers there
It's just a lot like it's like dade county all over again only with a different language with a gutter will sound
Like that
The came out well
Hey, if you don't know how disgusting there just just think about Denise Parkman. That should say everything
You know, okay, let's do it. Yeah, exactly probably who jump on Z
Providence after 11 at 560 WQM. So I give the schedule and not always a bow at the two two to four mad dog four to seven
Panther previews speaking of your Florida Panthers man. They are
Something not like the Leafs but close
730 it's the Panthers at the Lightning in Tampa Bay and then of course on that's on QAM
But on 1360 the cat WKAT you got her canes warm up at 830 in a 9 o'clock the hurricane and Virginia Cavaliers on 1360
Any K follows the Panther game on QAM following all that?
Farm out which means of course since we got two ball games going on when you come in the studio tomorrow morning
It'll be a real mess. Can't wait. It'll be great
12 minutes after 11 at QAM. Hey attention men as somebody we know would say doesn't the muff say that attention men all the time
If you have a hair loss problem or if you're currently wearing a hair system you must listen to this message
Charles Alfie Erie's been supplying and designing hair systems for showbiz people politicians and most importantly
You the everyday guy for over 40 years most people say you can always spot a bad hair. So I say
You're right if the bad ones are the ones that you know and notice the good ones go on noticed all the time follow that now
Charles Alfie Erie's hair systems are completing natural design
We just the right amount of hair in the proper recessions run your hands through it and the hair too
It looks and feels just like your own hair and for just 99 bucks
Charlie will custom design a hair system for you tried for a couple of weeks
And if you're happy with the way it looks and feels it's yours for just an additional 500 bucks
You got nothing to lose but that shiny ugly balls butt that makes you look about 20 years older than you really are
And Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied he offers you the following guarantee what's not to like if you're not completely
Happy with your hair system just return it and Charlie gives you 99 bucks back
So it costs you nothing to check it out. That's an offer you got to be a maniac to refuse
So call Charles Alfie Erie today is studios in for Lauderdale column tool free at
1-800-321-2413 and make an appointment. He'll show you just how much better and younger he can make you guys look
1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web it's Charles Alfie Erie.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is by 162-8
Holy mackerel. This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to this amazing
Oh, he's already Neil God
She vets her eyes and purses their bagelets
Miss Jolie wears her jeans in a long herd head
She's got a really full of sex toys in the lips
That Angelina makes guys play a fall on
Read about her if the times are falling
There's no marriage safe from coast to coast
If she meets your man your love life's focus
Angelina makes guys play a fall on
He'll start by kicking out her shoe
Let the wind blow over her shirt
It's an offer and it's Henry you
Because she wants you for dessert
She wants to arts you in her garden or some farm
What can man have do you like King Carl
When you see her you begin to fron
Angelina makes guys play a fall on
Oh, I can die
Yes, I can die
Or I die now
She's still almighty and holy for
He'll lose everything in your before
But with your whither there's no remorse
Angelina makes guys play a fall on
Before you know it you're stopping your kids
All the way here like a dog
When she leaves you your life is first
yet
You'll be deviled in her balls
That's the way that Miss Jolie lives life
Maybe you should stay with your wife
She's like a flame that attracts the wall
Angelina makes guys play a fall on
Can you leave your make guys play a fall on
Seven IT to five sixty WQAM
The Reverend Pat Robertson such as he is
has canceled a speech scheduled for next month
The National Religious Broadcast is convention in Dallas
After NRB officials expressed doubts about the effect his appearance might have
As in like bad for the business I think is what they're thinking bad for business
You know I was just thinking maybe they can't release that check until Greg puts his squiggle on it
Remember that I do that was always the symbol that okay
We finally got enough money in the bank to clear this check so we can turn it loose now
The Greg squiggle because after all if he's on the payroll for 11 more years
That's the least he can do is put a little squiggle on it
Or wiggle on it yeah I heard about that
The Virginia Beach Evangelist who said his really prime minister
Ariel Sherone Stroke was divine punishment for the countries withdrawal from Gaza last summer
And related to a apologize for their marks after wave of criticism
Was to have spoken at the February 21st closing banquet
NRB later leaders met with Mr. Robertson last week according to AP radio to express their concerns
That his appearance could detract from the convention
Although the Evangelist was not told a step down he didn't release a statement citing his demands on his time
Right everybody wants to clown like that sure everyone loves a clown that's what Gary Lewis said when he was speaking
A spoke from the mr. Robertson didn't be turned to call requesting comment and NRB statement said the speaker is switch was result of
scheduling complexity
An increasing number of evangelical leaders including Richard Lane that the southern Baptist conventions ethics and religious liberty commission
author oh as
Ask Guinness what is that?
And Jeff Tarnichliffe of the world evangelical alliance are publicly criticizing the televanjulus for his outrageous
Our remarks Henry Blackaby for as in a black-abey ministry's international Atlanta and author of the bestseller
Experiencing God will fill mr. Robertson's
Brackham spot the NRB hosted annual convention for about 500 people including 187 Christian radio and other broadcast professionals
Oh, and that I an oxymoron yeah Christian radio and broadcast professionals
Tuxters they mean in its exhibition center features 300 vendors and top name and Christian entertainment
I wonder if they got the Christian wrestling going on there, huh?
I bet you they got the Christian video games and the Christian DVDs and DVDs and the Christian
Rock you're a rock music and the Christian rock throwing and certainly the Christian
Wrestling man with your conscience
mr. Robertson who began his Christian broadcasting network ministry august 31 on the Norfolk areas one of the grandfathers in Christian media
And craze you then a bedbug his 88 run for the republican presidential nomination was the height of his influence in the
Secular world his interest in politics got him into hot water and August for the broadcast to suggest in US special forces should take out
He just meant for like tacos
But take out anti-American Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez later apologize for a statement
He said come and get whatever that
Let's see here's some more moments for the pool baby. Just a good trapped in a well well well well my kitty fell in a well
Yes, you think baby Jessica. I don't remember that was it big?
I remember the name baby Jessica, but I remember what she done
She fell in a well and lastly warned you know the panel and Tommy fell in their man and lasty went barking all over the place and then went an eight lunch
I mean, he's actually the Berlin wall. We saw that on the filling. That's big. That's Berlin wall knockdown. That's good. All right
We'll add that John Lennon assassination
ah
Mark David Chapman said it was a hoot now that they just let him out or my dream and did I have a dream?
It might have been a dream. Yeah, don't say that too often
I thought I thought that was or maybe he was up for parole or something like that
I don't remember well. He said he missed Yoko's so they're thinking about on the weekend like hinkley
So that's from all of that Riley guy again product thanks you but send them good stuff
Thanks to Riley whoever you are just as long as it's not Rick Riley. Oh, man. It's Bill O'Reilly said they know that is it really all right
Maybe it's John C. Riley who was in Puggy nights
Well, I've had a Josh really struck out yesterday because Paul Thomas Anderson who wrote and directed Puggy nights and Magnolia
used a lot of the same staff right
Didn't go unnoticed and the wedding mage macy was in work movies right and John C. Riley Philipsy more Hoffman
Right and what's your name julienne Moore? That's correct and all of these people
726 votes. We're gonna make a thousand today on a very off day and we apologize profusely for clearance being a jackass, okay
The most incredible thing
I you know the best part of that phone quality yesterday of that voicemail was it's like
One once it's a time of time this happened before and we're all having a big meeting in Greg's house
Remember that day several months ago? Yeah, they were having some kind of a big orgy or something over at Greg's house
And so I finally I'm dialing and dialing and dialing and and he gets back to me. Nobody says oh
God good news and bad news the good news is the paycheck will be there tomorrow, but the Italian check is
You know, I said I don't want good news and bad news. I want my money you jackass you a whole you you idiot you child
You overgrown this is what happens when you put a child in the new man's job
And overgrown child and mentally although not that much not by too much
He makes guilty seem like percules like Westbrook van Boerys like got a guy in CNN. What's his name?
Does the voiceovers oh
Darth Vader James are old James Earl Jones the most incredible thing I've ever seen on tv the 9-11 text nobody's gonna come close to that
And then why would you want to doing want to breathe that air?
You imagine how many people are like having all kinds of lung disorders and all you know and again
Well kept secret once in a while you read something about that not too much because it's bad for business
It's bad for their fascism about the people that are dying from the polluted air in New York where the bushes and bin Laden's had little a business disagreement
Neil Armstrong walks on the moon 59 the challenger explodes 44. That was a long way to school teacher
Jack Ruby shoots Lee Harvey Oswald right in broad daylight. They're in Dallas 43 in the police station no less
Nice job there Dallas police
JFK assassination 20. See others two foot right together side by each
2000 election county teen the OJ Bronco chased well the OJ trial 10 absolutely 100% guilty
Katrina floods the Gulf Coast 9
A man Gonzalez rescue 7 fishermen in the closet
Clinton impeachment hearing spy LA riots five column by massacre four Bobby rags against Billie Jean King
She kicked his ass and she was a lot more macho than he'll ever be four the wayco shoot out nice go and Janet four
bombing a Baghdad part one four Janet Jackson's booby flap three
Sarah soda woman killed herself on the air to bluer brains out right on the news like Howard Beale
So actually she that was inspiration for network huh? I did not know that yes
Well, we see we learned that even OJ has hated the movie you gave us some good trivia
Ronald Reagan gets shot to Columbia shuttle Brae but breaks up over Texas. They're all dead too
Rodney King beaten two can't we all get long Oklahoma City bombing two princess dies death one
Shotgun on a rack part two one. Oh, Shucks and then all these have none John Lennon
Association
Association Claude of the Berlin Wall we just put these on there John Stassel gets smacked by dr. D dr. D
You see the D doctor
Coral to get busted in the nose virgin Mary on grilled cheese come on
I let's let's give some for the Virgin Mary give it up for the Virgin Mary man
China to Connor rip say a picture of the Pope Bobby Kennedy shooting
Radio jet plane crash and JFK juniors playing crash. I think they agree with me about him
He was just he was about the same as the number of hosts. He's getting oh
This is Neil Rogers
This is fine. That's a magazine. No Johnny
Who drudge back in
What's up with that real show
Some days you say that he is fine
Some days you say he has flat line
So come on and let us know
Will he stay or will he go
He would not fake fake fake
He had a stroke for heaven saying
I think someone is selling lies
Don't even know if he's alive
Maybe he's doing just so so
What's up with every no show?
I'm dying over here. You know what we don't hear a damn thing about him no more
You know what I'm not a word this kind of reminds me of um, yes, you're I'm a fart. Remember that right and all uh
We don't know what it is was he poisoned as he have aides as he have uh the flu was he got him roads
And then all of a sudden now. Yes, what he died. They poisoned his punch and he's dead
Poisoned I think I'm a lot over canola's from godfather three shipped in special from a sitzia from
Koleone and I think maybe the same thing with Ariel Shirom one of these days are coming here all by the way
He's dead and had a way kind of like the liberal government here in canadae that is the Canadian selected conservative party leader
Stephen don't call me George Bush even almost fascist like him Harper as the next prime minister yesterday
But denied him the outright majority who would need to take any strong change in direction thanks god tonight friends
Our great country is voted for change the Canadians have asked our party to take the lead in that change
Harper told a chewing crowd of red necks in Calgary last night
There be another chance and there'll be another time martin said the people kind of chosen Harper lead him in order to government
I wish in the best and hubbim and dreared
Void by a political resurrection in the French speaking Quebec the conservatives won the most seats in the 308 seat House of Commons
Despite a campaign in which liberals tried to stop Harper by linking into American conservatives in general and George W. Bush in particular
However as votes were counted the conservatives and I see this article was like before bet them they got
124 seats
Oh well sure of the 155 the need for majority and the scandal play liberals got 103 down from the 133 they held going in the vote in their
A previous minority government well sure to the 140 they were predicting for the conservatives and well more than the 80
They were saying liberals are going to get nation-wide conservatives took in about 36% of vote compared to about 30
The new democrats took about 10% the 17% and the Quebec separatist block came a koa which only runs candidates in Quebec had 10%
They are just nauseating disgusting. It would be like in dade county only Cuban candidates running
You know something like that about that. Well, that's what I'm saying. Disgusting
Look at that poem man on the one day when we could use them
It's just a nothing that is a door now almost makes me want to play all those bits like that guy holding
Oh, why not
What and here's look at the Senate Judiciary Committee. They're doing their final committee vote on the leader which of course
It's a done deal
But they keep showing Lindsey Graham, okay? This is the guy that coached him one of the guys that was coaching him in a white house
How to answer the questions and then he went through that long emotional speech about how they picked on him and the leader's wife starts crying and runs out of the room
And he's gonna hold on this like there's some degree of objectivity
This is some jackass that's gonna sit on a supreme court and decide the future in favor of people's lives and crap
And immediately just put a beep but a boob at the day they know nothing. Okay. Don't confuse them with anything
Okay, when's the next whole mining disaster be sure nothing no one's gonna be
I'm gonna tell you who is really much into about nothing
See Rita Cosby's got an excuse. She's got no vocal chords. Okay. She's got an excuse besides being an idiot
But the media they become obsessed with these mediocre people Anderson Cooper man. That's where he sends me
What do they see in him? What what's the big tennis with him? I think he's connected isn't his mom famous or something
Here she is. That's what I heard. Who is she Gary Cooper? No, somebody famous like a famous actress or somebody
Anderson's Cooper. Yeah, I'm gonna have to do a bio now. I guess. Oh god. Yeah, just look right next to where it says
Yeah, look next to that or just under under the paragraph. It says Anderson. You fair right there
He is so
Vanilla and so boring and
He's like a step away from me to Cosby can barely get the words out. He is so weak
Nandy Pambi and I've got news for you. I mean Aaron Brown was whiny and wimpie and annoying too
But Jesus got at least at least maybe he belonged on the air somewhere like maybe in peoria but somewhere
But Anderson Cooper. Oh, let's see in our crazy. Who is it? Who's his mother Mary Martin? Yeah
Glowy Hagman Gloria Vanderbilt. Yeah, I built what Anderson's
Gloria Vanderbilt is his mother? Apparently. How that's a Gloria Vanderbilt would be like about a hundred years old
Get out of here. Gloria Vanderbilt. Get a second source over here now. Yeah, out of town man. Gloria Vanderbilt my ass
Cooper look what a vandia. The other son of writer Wyatt Emory Cooper
The unartist and designer writer Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt. Well, how old is she about 98?
Like I guess Jesus Christ
5670560 paint is just so mediocre that mediocre would be a high compliment
Tom 560 under Verizon singular wireless line WDQ. I am hello
Little yes, sir. Oh, I got one for the fall. Yeah. Uh, what about Andrew Kahneman?
Remember that guy that we're on the beach. Yeah, and that boat house. Hey, Andrew. I want to hear him no more
He killed himself for a shot. I'm a something right now. He killed himself
Yeah, yeah, I didn't they went in the first time they said oh there ain't nobody in there. I ain't got nobody
He was singing that and then they went back and oh, guess what there is he's that he blew his brains out
Don't you remember the the security guard who is looking to a pedal makes some money? Oh, yeah, the entrepreneur
He was in there all
Many heard about being he ran out and the bedsheet with the blood
Right for a hundred five minutes and then of course, what's his name John Walsh showed up on the scene? He said
Why don't you look again when the smoke clears, you know because they put those stink bombs in there right the amazing part of it is
I mean, I'm sure you feel yeah, I don't know. I mean Collins Avenue there on the beach
Uh, everybody who lives in South Florida driven by where that boat house was it was kind of an e-re thing Andrew Kahneman
Uh, how do we want to put that the Andrew Kahneman episode? I don't know. Yeah, it was just coverage
The you want to put that on there just because I was a yeah, that's why you don't want to put it on right
It's a Cuban thing. Oh, by the way. Do you watch the security guard was a Cuban guy some old Julio wanted me to do a few bucks
Maybe the pillow if you buy that's right. That's right. That's correct. Well, he's a good entrepreneur
You people can sell just about anything if you can sell that then
I see beans those mushy beans. That's right. WQAM. Hello
QAM
Yes, sir, love your show. Yeah, I will pay
Pay now take it to get the power of nightmares. I can't find it anywhere
I will get it in our website. It's not a link or dead. Oh the links are dead link
I'll be I will be worse than having a dead link you can download them with bit torrent from a whole bunch of different sites
Just give you some effort
I rather pay
Well, okay, well, take it send me the money. It'll make up for a little bit of payday
Uh, so that we got dead links on there. I mean they should have been taken on
Are you starting to pick on Eric now? Jesus got all mighty. You're just relentless. All the good point
How come there's still on there fatso get it off an air you clown
Well, no, but the fact that they're on there it's a subliminal idea so that even though the links are dead people will say
Well, gee, I should probably see that then they should see it
But where they're gonna see it on the cbc and a variety of sites they have them available for download. There you go
So go go find it this guy just google it man power of nightmares and do a little bit of work
He did see it's a lazy guy. He's well-go-pay for it. We can just a lot like work to get it
You know sometimes you got to work to get it. Although it is a lot easier just uh pain for it
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 Q-A-S
We need a leader who will give us back contract
Maybe it's time we had a president who's last
I've seen him on TV just up in his soul to close
I heard his run made my Jeffie changer of y'all
His name is Golden Power he happens to be last
The latest cold sea
He's the leader of the past
Some folks just to close their mind they say they're ain't no way
But the time they change who knows our next one till it be gay
Yeah
I'm talking about the cobbling jerk again
Oh, there he's sticking on cobbling jerk
I'm sorry doctor right
Look at this UPN and WB to merge into one broadcast network CBS announcers aren't you excited about that?
Yeah, yeah, who cares although actually there was a good show that I saw on the WB what that was it about about two brothers
What is the name of that show um, I don't know yeah, you do look up the WB schedule begins with an S as in
sexy as hell what that was the name of that Josh is Google it. I just happened like
Bumble on it by accident channel surfing one night
It's a series. I mean what what the hell is that called you'll find it. It's about two young brothers
We're out there fighting a crime and
Passing the time heart the hearty boys. Yeah, the hardly boys now
Wait did you hear this this will send you right off your seat? You're not gonna be too happy about this
And let's say it everybody in the audience together again
Thank you mr. President for those low gas prices you ain't seen nothing yet. Oh, man
Just wait come on give me the WB schedule. What are some of the shows on there? I think we're the Wednesday night. We're looking
um
strange
Something what is it searching for mr. A good bar nothing? I bet he hasn't even got to the WB for crying out loud down
Jesus boys. He didn't test you or what cancel the race for the ride. No, that's right
Even if you do get the raise you're not getting paid anyway. What is it we're looking? Yeah
Well done to have the name of any series is on the WB besides
uh, there you go
Supernatural. That's it. There you go very good. Hey, what does it what does it say? Never heard of it?
We're doing let me click on it. Watch your there's some hot chicks on there too, but the two brothers my god
I looked at that and I said can that thing be re can that show be real?
Man supernatural not a show you'd watch for the plot the plot was kind of crappy
Anyway, what does it say? What is it on? Will the boys survive their investigation of an abandoned sanitary?
Why is your hope so to like them meet up with them? Well, what days it on is it say Wednesdays at nine or some Tuesdays at nine?
Mom, there you go like tonight. Oh, don't miss it tonight at a clock. Now of course you could be listening at hurricane game on 1360
I doubted supernatural. Maybe that'll make me feel like it does not conflict with the shield. Well, there you go
Hey, it's kind of interesting a show. It's uh the premises little shots. They've got some good shows on the WB and WB
Right and time-welling ain't even in this one. All of the one guy. He is swelling but not time-welling
You're gonna be swelling when you hear this a surge in oil prices last week to nearly $70 a barrel on a perfect storm of global energy related fears
Only hints at what may lie ahead the experts be saying you mean to say it's not even new yet
My head is just pounding like somebody's got a drum inside like the energizer bunny is banging on that drum slowly
Rocketly nervous investors look on his conflict ranges and several strategic areas of the world involving nations as disparate as Iran
Iraq Saudi Arabia
Ragheads Russia Ukraine Nigeria
Venezuela China and the USA this morning Kuroa rose again and after hours
Trading it rose 72 cents or 1.1 percent to 69
20 is the call from sweeps across Europe experts say the Iran issue alone could push oil prices past
$100 a barrel oh my god if the U.N. Security Council were to authorize sanctions against Iran
Which the West accused of trying to make nuclear bombs or is that nuclear Iran is threatened to curb oil experts in retaliation
You had us we hit you back even if we hit brood our totality at three o'clock this morning
Won't you just look at what he says that yes, I do that's Tessio says that right? That's right
Yeah, well Tessio won't see him no more
Even if Iran pulled a small amount of its oil off the market says it say it pulled a half a million barrels a day
I could see oil prices literally jumping over the hundred dollar a barrel marks a James Bartis a senior researcher at rank corp
A sharpie global economic slowdown could follow that's the Dalima the US and European nations faces the desire whether to rack on Iran
But Iran would also pay a hefty price if the petrol dollars and I represent 80% of export revenues are reduced
Potentially stirring civil unrest in the country that's already got a 14% unemployment rate. How do you like that?
Don't so instead of going into the country where we should have gone and therefore were going in anywhere
I ran when and I rack because they had better targets there
I guess then Iran or Afghanistan
And he tried to kill my pa. Now he tried to come my daddy. It's right
He's a bad bad guy that trial by the way is postponed until Sunday any interest there left in that no no all the
The judges keep quitting the prosecutor everybody keeps quitting maybe somebody's making an offer they can't refuse
Well, if it doesn't fit you must do full of crap
797 on the uphold you ever fly 797 just wait till they build it the most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is the 911 attacks
506 goes without saying over 63%
We're still trying to soak it in believe it. We're hoping it was just a bad dream
But then bin Laden's and bushes man they had some issues
I guess and then of course there was that Pentagon can't find a scrap at that plane
But that one of flame right there in the Pentagon must have gone deep inside
Neil Armstrong walks on the moon 60 jack ruby shoots Lee Harvey Oswald 48 the challenger explodes 46 the JFK
assassination only 22 how how is that possible? I mean I realize it's well
I mean the the jack ruby thing is the same time like a few days later, huh? I don't think we're like two days later better faces better
grimacing I guess
Geez talk about stupid
2000 election count 20 the OJ Bronco chase 12 the OJ trial 10 it was vile the OJ trial and if they did a quit
He's full of Schmidt Katrina floods the Gulf Coast 9 chocolate
Yeah, you know that would be good pull to take some table. What's the point? Who's Dumber Ray Nagan or George W. Bush?
Oh, I mean contest that's no contest get out of here
Telling you
early on Gonzalez rescue eight in the closet LA riot seven
Waco shoot out five fit in impeachment hearings five without nose rolling like Pinocchio
Calla by massacre four Bobby raising Billie Jean King for she want his ass
Watergate hearings for bombing a Baghdad part one four Columbia shuttle breaks up over Texas three
All the bad things happen in Texas Rodney King beating three California's where they happen like I said
Janet Jackson's booby flat three
Thraw of the Berlin Walls got appear virgin Mary on a grilled cheese sandwich two
Sarah Sarah woman killed herself right on the air
Shud shot and somebody else too two people seen it
Ronald Reagan gets shot to Oklahoma City bombing two John Lennon assassination one
Herald or gets busted in the nose one
Robert Kennedy shooting only one JFK juniors plane crash fine to go one
Somebody who liked that them. What's the name of that magazine that awful magazine he had George?
Oh my god, why do you remember? Yeah, he couldn't even spell right word association. He couldn't even spell right
Princess Diana's death and the funeral once. See I wanted to funeral on there too, but Josh wouldn't put it on there
Emory Elton John Silly S song goodbye princess die. Oh please
I'm watching that with a laugh or cry goodbye princess die although it rhymed had nice
Eliteration means in the princesses. I beg your pardon
Shock it all part two and I rack one and then the Andrew Conan in episode he's dead John
Strassel gets smacked by Dr. D none
Shine Hando Connor rips up a picture of the Pope none and the value jet plane crash in the Everglades them out of 800 votes
We're gonna get to a thousand of them. I believe it in my heart. You're hard of a thousand now if we can get like a dollar of vote
God, you know, you remember the scene in the gun. I'm sure everybody does in godfather. Yeah after they shoot down
Corleone after Pauli sets them up right and they shoot him and he's trying to run away and he keeps shooting five shots
Yeah, it was five and Fredo who's totally helpless, you know, it fumbles the gun right and he's sitting on the curb and he's rocking
He's got his head in his hands and he's rocking back and forth. He's going again
Maybe it was burning that maybe that could be and that's what I was thinking when I got that message that voice mail from
Clemens yesterday. I put my hand in my hand
Your laughing man is sitting on a curb. I was trying to curb my enthusiasm
I'll take you that and in fact that called it curb my enthusiasm for life and for this place meaning that place. Oh
God
See, you know, Joe Bell is a good guy, but like I said
It's like taking over the Titanic when it's about three feet from the bottom of the ocean
In addition to which to pull it up listen to me in addition to which why should I have to like email my
Talent sheets special to this one and she's got to walk it away
You know, if you've got a program director who's not capable of getting people's talent sheets turned in and signing them and getting them paid
Maybe what we need is a full-time program director instead of a want to play sports the baby kind of guy
You know what I'm saying from now on you thanks it to me. I'll wrap it in the back home
I would think that now that the Grigree era is over that some of those horrible mistakes that were made because of
You know personal
Involvents of various kinds. I think that some of those things need to be corrected pronto Tonto and that's one of them
You know you talk you talk about a loyal to your people when he did it to your buddy muff Lindsay there who say what you were
You know, he may be an emotional cripple which he is you fair nevertheless which leads to your relax once again
Oh, no, but at least when the going got tough he ran away and cried no when it going got tough
He would like to go knock some doors down, you know you are not alone guys. Well, that's it. We are now now look what we got pop
Had janko look what we got pop had the Dufferado Dufferino look what we got a quizzling a little hurricane
See anybody associated with her canes automatically. I just write him off, you know just like the beast
You realize why the beast is there that's because he's current his boyfriend. You know that I don't say that literally
necessarily although there was a period of time and what I'm saying what he said that's what that's all about you know
That you're gonna want to told me all of these things
Yes, you know that get out of here
I'd love to the two of them are joined at the hip and what an ugly picture that would make you even begin to imagine that I think we have that
Victory wow
Try to hit something out of that hip we like trying to hitch a hitch a wagon on the side of the the earth on side of Uranus
God, but in any race the beat goes on so we got good intentions there
Maybe we're like turning the corner and everything's gonna be reading just fine
But at this particular time I kind of like war out you know I'm saying war
I
This is at a homeland security Tom Ridge inviting you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the warning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
A long long time ago
He was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine
And
No one knew what was in store just ended the Spanish American war
So they ported like it was 1899
Oh right
The war events that made you shiver
But there were times we did deliver
A promise that was kept
With that famous one small step I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent
A century we were presents
This is how it went
My
My how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did try for the centuries
And that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night
A hundred years have gone by
Oh
You guys were right when they put it there playing into fight
In the start of radio
Signified had his month to think and want to theory and explain and the Titanic that story we all know
Oh
Well World War one it soon began with shooting arch to Francis Ferdinand
Millions died from the flu
And West think it was brand new and then Russia had its revolution
And a mark in active all the fiosians
Please we won't see again
Three years
And we were singing my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry
For the centuries done that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night
A hundred years have gone by
And
How we had his
was sworn in and World War II was soon begin.
Made your return brand land.
The project meant a damn evolution trial in Tennessee.
We caught a first look at TV,
then the day that it's in him from me.
Triggies come by.
Who were singing like my other time?
It did fly since it started something fun.
Many tears we declined.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
Train flame winced and they were soon be winning.
Starting with the D-Day Invasion.
But at what in a falling cost?
In Russia no one did the frost.
In Germany they finally lost.
Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust.
Fat man little boy and old a game.
Change the whole world on that very day.
Meadow had just begun.
And China rules fight the sea town.
The first player in baseball that was black.
Israel got their homeland back.
Massachusetts, a like the Jack-Y-Hunt.
Triggies come by.
And we were singing my other time.
It did fly since it started something fun.
Many tears we declined.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
Separate for equal mates such a fuss.
A substitute tide went on the bus.
Holy oh cured with the vaccine.
In Russia it scared us big time.
With spot nick our troops into the reaquick.
Discovered the double helix scheme.
Oh JFK left us way too soon.
But promised you got us all to the moon.
Yuri is first in space.
Get the pill we did it raised.
And the French said they climbed it to the night.
Cubus n' is old gave us quite a fright.
Selfie stature is on new fight.
A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my other years.
They did fly since it started something fun.
Many tears we declined.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
Niels Giants step was the big news.
Rovers way gave women right to choose.
Mixing resigns about water gates.
Got the troops at a Vietnam.
Had hostages taken by Iran.
And a virus made us too scared to go date.
A test to babies held the loft.
Some guy named Bill started Microsoft.
Cuban.
Chernobyl explosion.
The Berlin wall gets broken.
The USSR says goodbye.
Some students in China they did try.
Seven died in the Florida sky.
A hundred years gone by.
I'm dying out of here.
And they were singing my, my habit time is devised.
It's started some before many tears we declined.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
We were singing my, my habit time it devised.
Since it started some people it many tears we declined.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
A hundred years have gone by.
Well it seems like only yesterday.
He's got a very annoying voice.
That's a great thing.
That's great because it's long.
And the reason I played it.
By the way I got the facts you just sent me here.
The amazing thing about it is so many things that are pulled.
They see how topical and timely that is.
Yeah like the Hindenburg.
The Hindenburg now granted it was what 1929?
Wasn't it movieola?
No but we've seen it.
We've all seen it.
We heard that phrase from Chicago.
I'm sure I was in Jersey right?
It sounded like Joe Zagaki so hysterical.
The King just wrote a touchdown.
Oh I see the King's lost.
I'm one of the big prospects to a Pennsylvania.
Don't forget you can't spell a scum without UM.
Okay let's see the most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV.
I don't want to read that whole list here.
I've just got through doing that.
It's your bad.
That's because you send me that fact.
I just, you know, I just, I can't take it no more.
You know you just reach a saturation point.
I think that all of us in life we have like an aggravation meter in our brain.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words a quotient.
And when it's like filling up a gas tank where when it gets full to the brain
and when you start to pop it off the tank, it like start to spew it up.
You know what I'm saying?
Like skilling over?
And I think I got spill over today from a crack.
Spilky's in spillover.
Fort Lauderdale, firm accused of selling cell and phone records via website.
Oh my God.
Take all these people and put them on death row.
Okay.
And you know talk about larceny in people's hearts.
I'm so sick and tired of this crack.
I mean everybody's belly aching about the government and rightfully so.
The government is listening on your conversations and you're opening your mail.
How about all these companies that are like selling your private information for Christ's sakes?
The state attorney general's orifice today sued a Fort Lauderdale corporation and its officers alleging the firm
improperly sold confidential cell phone and telephone records to its internet sites.
The firm first source information specialist ink is accused of providing its customers with confidential telephone calling records
of unsuspecting consumers.
The Florida attorney general's orifice said in a prepared release.
The supervised filed in Leon County Circuit Court.
Everybody in Leon County?
Not that I can recall.
That's how I hazy in it.
Must have a long time ago.
Remember Leon?
No.
Who is Leon?
When there's somebody named Leon?
Think about it.
Okay.
The state claims first source to the seed telephone companies by impersonating either customers or company employees in order to obtain the personal calling information
in violation of the Florida Onfair and Deceptive Practices Act and civil conspiracy laws really said.
Oh, if we have a Florida Onfair and Deceptive Practices Act, how can the beesleys be invineless?
I'm sorry.
An undercover investigation by the fear of Florida Public Service Commission confirmed that the website should offer to sell a list of calls made for many given phone number including cell phones.
This is beyond an outrage and a gross invasion of privacy set attorney general Charlie Chris Dufair, who is running for governor.
Yes.
Citizens have a right to expect that their private personal telephone records will not be used as a cash cow for a third party.
Oh, I wasn't even invited to the first party.
Were you?
No, I wasn't.
According to the state, first source runs several websites that offer call lists to anyone who wishes to purchase them.
Investigators determine that buyers did not have to provide any ID to obtain the records and only need to provide the telephone number to be looked up.
How do you like that?
They sell on your phone numbers.
They're canceling my blackberry probably pretty soon.
They're going to put them on a binus.
I thought they settled on something.
They didn't and they renegade on it.
Oh, man.
They settled.
They're on something.
I'm on settle myself.
That's just another thing.
Although it's a Canadian company, I wonder if they would stay in business.
I mean, how many subscribers could they have in Canada?
About 30, man.
You know what I'm saying?
Certainly not enough to stay in business.
Well, they'll see me.
They'll just cut their payroll way down.
You know, like we're doing.
Going all the wrong people out the door.
Well, I'm not saying all the wrong people.
12, 13 at 5, 60, WQF over here.
We got both for, well, and where Moe used to be.
Bowen the most spot at 2 o'clock with Jacques Martenna 3.
That should be really assimilating radio.
You know, I don't want to miss that.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Panther preview at 7 o'clock.
Panthers at the lightning in Tampa Bay 7, 3 tonight.
Must win game.
They don't win this game tonight.
Bye-bye.
And meanwhile on 13, 60, we got the Keynes, baby.
It's the Keynes.
You got to see it right.
The Keynes.
Hurricane Warmuffin AM 13, 60 to 8.
30, 9 o'clock.
It's the Keynes and Virginia Cavaliers basketball.
No.
Remember they were belly-like.
You know, we got to have the on-campus arena.
That's why we're not drawing flies.
And they built the on-campus arena.
Guess what?
What?
They're not drawing flies.
Although they just opened the doors up.
Any K follows a Panther hockey on QAM.
The other thing is on 13, 60.
Even Siddlervin is blushing about that.
It's that time of year again for New Year's resolutions.
And probably the most popular resolution of all is lose some weight.
Lose some weight.
Remember, I'm bankrupt screaming at the funeral to begin your fan-series?
Yeah.
She's pounding on the casket.
A Tisket of casket.
She's banging the casket.
Anyway, this year we're going to help the beast stay alive and help him get ready for his wedding day,
providing him with great gourmet meals from Balance for Life.
And by the way, beast, this is your food for the whole day.
Not in addition to the other stuff you eat all day.
This is your food for the whole day.
What could be easier than getting three delicious gourmet meals and two delicious nights delivered every day
Right here at Doris, they've been little black sack and still lose weight like crazy.
So forget about joining a gym and paying a fortune for that,
fighting the traffic and taking showers with strangers.
Just sign up for Balance for Life.
Every week they give you a menu of meal selections,
you pick out the stuff that you want and they do all the work preparing for you according to the zone diet.
The fantastic, most delicious stuff you've had in a long time.
And because you're getting five feedings a day,
you don't feel deprived or depraved or out starving all day.
So it's easy to stay on it. You will lose a ton of weight.
So get with the zone with Balance for Life.
Call them right now.
I mentioned that you heard it on the Near Rogers Show or just mentioned QAM.
And get two free days of food this week from Balance for Life.
Call 1-866-225-4543.
That's 1-866-225-4543 or on the web.
It's balanceforlife.com.
This is Near Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-M.
Bill Rogers is my lover.
Congratulations. Get a life.
And now the League of Recharges to the Zone for Order and Edition of Greenery.
Don't make fun.
They were very hard for this.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
Hey, that's the sound of the like Terry Anderson.
You're thinking of pre-dead by us over here.
1219-560-WQ-A-M.
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
Was it playfully outrageous?
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
I'm opening up a new avenue for you.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
He's still looking for that magic bullet on the stretcher.
You're fair.
And actually, they showed some clips in the audience during the news.
And because of the fact it was stacked mostly by Bush liquors as a result,
they were like, hey, you could see a couple of kids,
college kids, and they were like, whoa!
Like that with their hands passed, but you couldn't hear them, you know?
And that's the way there's another staged event by your fashions president.
Anyways, speaking of Samuelito, this is a good lead,
and at the historic swaring in a John Roberts,
as the 17th Chief Justice of the USA,
SA, 9 September, and remember the Supreme Court except Antonin Scalia was in attendance.
ABC News has learned that Scalia instead was on a tennis court at one of the country's
top resorts, the Ritz Carlton Hotel, in Bachelor Galsch, Colorado, during a trip to a legal
seminar sponsored by the Federalist Society.
Not only did Scalia's absence appear to be a snub of the new chief justice, but according
to some legal ethics experts, it also raised questions about the propriety of what
critics called judicial junkets, at least he wasn't duck-hutton with the vice president,
just wait.
It's unfortunate, of course, that's what kept him from this war again was an activity
that in and of itself is dubious ethical propriety since Stephen Gillers, an NYU law professor
who's a recognized scholar on legal ethics.
Scalia spent two nights at the luxury resort lecturing at the legal seminar where ABC News
also found him on the tennis court, heading out for a fly-fishing expedition and socializing
with members of the Federalist Society, the conservative activist group that paid for the expenses
of his trip.
At a press conference, almost two weeks later, Scalia was not inclined to tell reporters his
wear-boats during Robert's War again.
I was out of town with a commitment I couldn't break and that's what the public information
office told you.
He said, it doesn't matter what it was, it was a commitment I couldn't break he continued
with question further.
How do you like that?
What a crocker, crap.
What about your crooks?
The fascists have taken over and you heard it first right here when they showed that nobody
knows about best kept secret in the USA, the near Roger show, where you can't even get
paid on payday.
That's how shabbily they treat us, like crap, like garbage, like the stuff you scrape
off at the bottom of the barnacles.
You know the barnacles on the bottom of a ship, whatever the slime is underneath the barnacles,
that's the way they treat us, just like that slime.
Ooh, Barnacles, do you feel like unclean?
Yeah, well, I'm used to that.
Every time I look at that check, I feel unclean.
27 past noon, of course I can't look at it, then you got it.
I'll tell you what, I'll make your carpets clean as opposed to unclean and that's
right concepts.
The best of the world, I've been telling about these people for about a hundred years
now and the reason being that I use them myself.
I've used them in my homes for over 20 years and you've got to be crazy to call anybody
else.
And this year, dry concepts wants to make your life a lot easier.
During the month of January, dry concepts is encouraging everybody to take advantage
of their outstanding maintenance contract.
Dry concepts maintenance contract offers you savings like crazy and real piece of mind
too.
Enjoy the benefits of their plant carpet dry cleaning service, not only will you save
50% off their regular prices, but you'll also enjoy the added benefit of knowing that
dry concepts will be there anytime you need them.
Dry concepts dedicate to the clean carpet approach instead of the common clean dirty carpet
approach.
Don't be fooled by those scams, there's a 1995 specials that leads your carpets
schmutzian and so for days without feeding the real problems.
You made a big investment in those carpets and you were a full-served drapery like dry
concepts protect that investment and make them all look just like brand new.
Their staff is fully certified, their service and standard unmatched anywhere.
So take the worry out of having your home sanitized all year long with dry concepts maintenance
program.
Call them toll free today and tell them that old Neil told you to call and I do emphasize
old 1-800-248-5071.
That's indeed brought into Palm Beach's by the way toll free 1-800-248-5071.
Nobody know where does it like dry concepts.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16-Q-A-A.
Public baby only in Miami.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This is 5.16-Q-A.
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate noir.
It never takes the blame.
For anything you say, chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate ends up on the edge of a one called Ed's Renegant Day.
Renegant Day.
No, I can't.
Renegant Day.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You can't have no other way.
You saw it on the news because I didn't see it.
No.
What?
Speaking of Norellines, they showed a, they had one of those town hall seminars with people that are like foaming at the month because they can't find their relatives and they're like all homeless and they're all the stuff from Katrina.
And it was this big fat, dark, complex, their chocolate lady.
Just care screaming and rightfully so I guess they can't find her mother or whatever the deal is.
And the last time they saw her she was with them and now they spirited her away and they know nobody cares.
And she had a mustache who would make Hitler's pale and a win significance.
Really?
I'm not talking about like a little facial hair like some ladies have.
It's like a hormonal thing.
No, she had a mustache.
No, was it like Charlie Chaplin and Hitler?
No, it was more like your father's mustache.
Like Bulford Brimley?
No, not that bushy.
No, more like a, I'm trying to say Edward G. Robinson.
Oh, hey, styling.
Yeah.
Man, I'm giving New England to the term hair lip.
Good.
God.
You haven't seen it?
No, sorry.
Oh, you just got to see that before you die.
There's nothing you need to, I mean, I don't want to be in like, like we discussed yesterday.
It's possible that with Kitchie and everything, maybe she didn't have time to do all her hygiene, you know.
Maybe somebody stole her brick.
I don't know.
But wouldn't you think that that would be, I just don't get it.
Are you familiar with women with mustaches, for example?
Like old women sometimes they'll get a whiskers.
No, no, a mustache.
Not whiskers, a mustache.
Oh, man.
Sorry.
You remember the mustache peets?
No.
Anyway, speaking of that, a federal court judge ruled that two city ordinances that govern New
that all entertainment clubs in Daytona Beach are unconstitutional because the city failed
to prove that serving alcohol to clubs cause an increase in crime and violence.
Good for you Orlando.
It's about time they were going to come back.
God, long overdue.
The ruling stems from a 2002 suit by La Lalee Pop's Gentleman's Club arguing that the city regulations,
which prohibit New that all clubs from serving booze, did not lead a US Supreme Court test for allowing free speech to be
restricted.
How do you like that?
Yamama.
So, Sox and Hell.
The high court said several criteria that can be used to restrict public nudity, including restrictions that further a substantial government interest.
The trial centered on if they turned this ordinance's method standard.
Friday's ruling was the latest cell phone along running battle between Orlando and several adult entertainment launches.
City officials have long wanted to clean up the town's image by restricting nude dancing to certain parts of the city and burying booze from being served there.
Oh, brother.
So tired of that crap.
La Lalee Pop's is on grand view avenue and features topos dances in G-string.
Oh, right.
This is a clear, resounding and unbelievable un-believeable win for us at Brett Hartley in attorney representing La Lalee Pop's.
There's a difference between saying we don't like strip clubs and we don't want them and saying we don't want them because they cause crimes.
The latter is acceptable. The former is not.
In issuing his ruling Friday, US District Judge John Antoon, the second wrote that recent court rulings have raised the bar for municipalities and proving that nude clubs lead the crime.
He agreed with the clubs attorney and wrote that the city's laws are, but you see, it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy because as you know what they do is they zone in cities.
They zone certain parts of cities for this kind of a for adult entertainment and they always pick the smarmyist, the nice, kind of like the red light district in Boston, the same thing, the combat zone.
What I call the combat zone for real reason, you know.
So they always put in there and say, oh, look at all the crime it's bringing and all the smarmy people or the other stuff like that.
It's America for you, baby.
I remember when America used to be kind of an enjoyable place.
I was trying to think when that QAM used to be an enjoyable place, but I guess my memories getting short in my old age.
How's that pool coming to you asked? Well, this is sure a long show today. My God, not even one o'clock yet.
Actually, I need to come up for oxygen today. The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV is this pretty good list of stuff and it goes right in with that American pie thing we played 908 votes.
We're going to make a thousand like falling off a rock, you know, like falling off the edge of a cliff like Roger Thorpe 908. That's the kind of great.
And you know something I got tomorrow's poll will start on next hour. How's that? Well, we can't start unless we, huh?
We did this yesterday that now how do we do that? Josh typed it up and sent it to Eric.
Yeah, thanks again. Huh? Yeah. And thanks again to Sean for sending us a few and for the keep working on it. Sean, don't don't stop now.
You want to know tomorrow's poll before we today's? Okay. How about one for a week from Wednesday? That'd be better.
Here's tomorrow's whose enthusiasm is most annoying? And here's the realist I got now. See Sean said aside from religious note.
Well, why aside from religious note? Exactly. Why exempt them? The God squad. You got the your Mormons and your Christian.
Who the ones that comes to your home as witnesses with a watch tower and aboard again Christians and all the other Getzke's on the street corners.
So lump them all in there. The religious nuts. Sure. A sort of a sort of nuts. Freckies. All right. Recovery alcoholics like used to work at Paxon there. Right.
PC gamers. Political junkies. God's people. I'll leave that for you. All right. And I added in commercial hosts. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I do.
Hey, this is the greatest piece of cake in there. All like just bubbling over them out. Foming including that one cross eyed bits that's on or half the time with the Juicy Man.
And by the way, spirit of the Juicy Man, Jack Lillane just turned 110.
This is the new Rogers. This is 516.
The Ron Ron radio network.
I don't know what I can tell anyone. What is it? Maybe a little way.
I don't know.
Oh my God.
Some 47 over here. We got guilty Thursday and Friday. Any interest? No. It'll be a two to four. It's got the mixing match hour two to four.
Now did you facet that thing there? Because I tried facet him in the pool and his line was busy. So I'm assuming you were facet him or something? No, I was not. Well shame on him then.
So how are we going to do this then? Keep trying or you could back to it to me and I'll make sure that he gets it. Yeah. Just like that paycheck.
Okay, I'll facet you right now. Okay. Just like that time sheet.
Okay, you got the starter list coming at you. All right. Wait until you hear this. You're going to fall on the floor. Are you sure?
Phil, you hear that the faxing sound in the back and then the person I love that. Oh yeah, this one. These these factors.
Phil Henry's new TV show set to debut. I heard a rumor about that. Well, there you go.
Premier Radio Network's man of a thousand voices will appear as a cynical history teacher named Dick Green on the new NBC TV ensemble comedy teachers.
The show will bow a pro six and the 9 30 PM time slot immediately following this season's breakout comedy hit. My name is oil.
The executive producers of teachers are Matt Tarsie's in build rule. Only creative forces behind recent primed on TV hits scrubs and will engrave gay.
Henry will continue to host his nightly syndicate a radio show for premier, which currently is on a reported 100 plus stations nationwide.
Okay, there you go. Your old buddy Phil Henry. Remember when he used to be good.
There's a say when he used to be a good guy, which we find out pretty early on he was never a good guy, but he used to be good, but not no more.
But he's going to be a big hit on TV, man. You're just jealous. Yeah, I'm not jealous. I just want to get paid. That's all that's all I want.
Seth, is that too much to ask? Who's enthusiasm is most annoying? How about sports fans?
Oh, huh? I'm pulling it right back out of the fax machine. Please.
Yeah, you know the ones I'm talking about that we're all the paraphernalia. It's one thing the way to paraphernalia like ballgame or hockey game, but it's nothing to walk around like an overgrown child like our program director with a cane's cap and the outfit.
Oh, geez. Like they don't want to be dolphin, denier or something. Or do you are Keynes? What that was the Keynes mascot? I should know because I'm going to like the story. No. The other one.
It's a baseball mascot. I just don't I miss the way I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know who's enthusiasm is way to annoy him? Who's that Richard Simmons? Oh, God.
It was in or rip Taylor. You remember him, don't you? Yeah, but it's neat. I you know, you might have died. I sure hope so. He was he was gay. So you might have died. You know, and also.
Yeah, I'm living straight. You might have died too. You know, that's where it goes. I have to say yeah, everybody died. Feel it. Okay. I might have been gay. So we might have died.
Yeah.
Pathetic 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. They've arrived in Paul in was gay. He's dead. Raymond Burr was gay. He's dead. John Wayne was a real straight arrow. He's dead. I beg your pardon. No, he was gay. Oh, are you starting in again?
Just leave him alone already. Will you please? I mean the bits are enough. You're going to start again with a moment. Huh? Maybe.
Whatever you want. W. A. K. Y. M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. For today's poll, do you have the Beatles first appearance on Ed Sullivan in February of 64? No, I've been there.
70 million people watch that. I'll be there. That's scary in it. But I really make sure. Yeah. Now at our stage. Okay. Thanks, pal. You're a little bit late to start adding on to these.
But we shouldn't have that on here. Right. Dr. Proport. I seen it. I seen the Beatles. And it wasn't the Beatles. It was the Beatles. So we had Sullivan said it's Solomon. The Beatles. Here are stayed. He. I mean, you got to head to a man. It was a guy with no talent. He was like a writer.
A newspaper writer in New York. You're sure. Show was with a bigger part. No neck. No, wasn't the show shows. That was a teaser was the toast of the town. Wasn't that it? Yes, he is. The Ed Solomon show.
Wait 30 seconds. Pokebranel. And then senior Wences was on there too. Sorry. And the hand Elvis. Of course that we only photograph him from the hips up.
You may find that most amusing nowadays, but happens to be true. Elvis is first. He was a hipster. He was a hipster like somebody else.
Don't go. Not quite that hip. So the thing that he. WQ I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing, pal? Okay, sir. Hey, you guys were all mustache intensive. Last segment. Huh? Yeah.
Now with with the girl from New Orleans, Hitler and all that's a poll. There's a mustache. We've done that. Have you done that the best mustache or the most.
How about the most unusual mustache? Well, you could do that. We've got Hitler. You got Stalin. You got Frank Vapa. You got a lot of media and head like the long. Oh, Jesus. He years away.
I'm not old enough to remember that had that big long curly Q mustache. Oh, God. Sniper with lash must less something like that. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, that kind. Hey, pal, I have a great day. You two.
Who Peter Ren. No, Kenan wind. I'm just asking. No, I'm talking about a long, long, long time ago. Had a Kenan wind and had that kind of. But that's a good.
I like that. Thanks, pal. You're father. Your mama's mustache. Right. Right. How about those mustache peets? Pizza. Oh, for me.
Who the hell was the hurricane's mascot? It's a guy used to be at South Carolina. He was called cocky up there in South Carolina. And it's a college world series. I told her on Fraser. I said, we have to get that guy. John Ruth was his real name. Come on, Josh. What? He already told you that it's the eybist, the real mascot. I don't know. No, that's not what we're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about. Geez. You better start hanging out with the other Josh more often. Hurricane intensive. You better know your cane.
To be a Mr. Because you sure don't. Well, that is their mascot right now. Well, the one that used to be the mascot was he finally probably outgrew it unlike J. Roqueach and unlike Mike Rosenthal. And unlike your program director. He probably outgrew it and wanted to grow up and go into the real world. You know, was it a pelican? There was not a pelican. It was like a. I don't know what he was. Forget about it.
That's what happens when you get old and feeble. Somebody Q. I. N. Hello, I was at a dodo. There was a dodo bird Q. I. N. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know that Anna Benson bitch you were talking about yesterday. Yes. Her husband was the one that was a ragged on my four Michael Moore. Exactly.
Where husband got traded to the Baltimore Orioles. Good. Serve some right. The picture that got traded back to the Metz for him. Name is for Hay Julio. I'll be named.
There. You got Julio's coming out of the broom closet, man. It's frightening. That's right. I just want you to find out funny. Thanks for the bad news. By the way, George was out sick yesterday. So we didn't know that the oldest station of the state of Oklahoma, the oldest AM station just went.
Thank you. But a sound of casting the right family. Spaniard. By the way, I was a little sick in English. That's amazing. Oklahoma City. That's was all in illegal of beeners are coming up across the border. And of course, Texas can't hold all of them. So they shut up in Oklahoma. Just follow the fires. Those are those mushy beaters to by the way. Right. Just follow them fires like early fires and late fires. Somebody Q. I. M. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just got a little bit of interesting trivia for you. Okay. Okay. Kobe Bryant scored 81 points.
I was against the Raptors. I seen it. It was 666 game. Wow. That's not the weird part though. The weird part is it was as 150th without a rape charge. Excellent. Nice going. Oh, only the Raptors could give up 81 points to one guy. That's beautiful. Yeah. No, we're supposed to admire Kobe. He's a really great up. So we don't care if he's a slime ball and maybe occasionally he, you know, he asked to add up that whatever can't say it. Sorry, Joyce. That was funny. Anything anymore. No, I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's a lot of fun. I think it's
bad enough that we're supposed to like make magic here. We can't say squat. We can't play the fart sounds. We can't even fart like in our real lives anymore. One of these days we're all going to explode. Stop and me. So at least at the very least, just pay us on your idiots over there in a way. Just pay us. Stop any excuses. Stop any stall installment plan. Just write the freaking check. This is the new world.
We need to get the money. It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
He's his first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star
He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's the first star. He's said that they both would come back and on the outside. He's the first star. He's the first star. KTK.. KTK is HAN. He can't keep it. Is KART The other star. He's the first star to go back and cut it off. Where I'm writing that, I'm not gonna use Internetare actually If you want so far it's a problem addiction. The other star you want this is KART. Is KART. Is Auft line did you click here? Now where you are staring at his fulfilled picture. Now I'm gonna ask you guys of one of my own, you guys have to know how to tell me so that's it dry right now. Now when you fix it up from te Probleme to what others would do you guys I wonder how it really feels like I can처럼 it's easier
One oh two at five sixty it seems like we only been here what twenty thirty hours I would say
thirty man no more than that I'm a you're part no more than that now I just
still looked on air and see the new pool that was going to put up this hour
and I think I put out the final result of the other one and I didn't hear no no
I got a busy signal when I try to fix Eric and I can't get an answer from him
in the little chat room on the phone so I keep trying like I said we had such a
good pool going on now I should we want to see the mystery yeah
yeah that's what I'm thinking and that what you're thinking I'm sure that's
what you would think yeah there's only the video of Isaac
uh... israel he is a system where I don't be a twenty was just let the
vh1 anywhere near that all of the others Robert bird walking out there
on a keen to go continues his recovery in fact random collie if not there is
the other minor let's hear more about the miners first of the over life the
age of ten oh god five six seven oh five sixty so I'm no one will tell we do
about that about this Eric what are we going to do about this fat dog
on the other there is there is what I mean a little try room he's a we only need
him for like about a minute of his time and then go back to whatever porn
sites he was a trolling on whatever anything wants to do is fine with us but
that we just need him for that one thing you know right and then because Josh
can add on the other thousands of ones that are going to come for you know I'm
sure he'll be delighted to do that I didn't hear anybody eating today
fantastic not yet what do you mean not yet it's already after one o'clock
or late bloomers today are you really we're wearing our late bloopers
everybody's a little like just like my paycheck well there he goes again yeah
that's right there I go again fist off fired up and just worn out grounded along
with other fellow terrorists waiting here this by your good friend Doug Thompson
of Capitol Hill blue dot com you know this is just um scary of course it's all
scary the only problem is nobody scared safety safety safety that's what they're
worried about you know safety dog Thompson says when my wife's favorite aunt died
last November I say aunt we immediately made plans to stay for St. Louis for
the funeral we drove the 700 miles to St. Louis I'm not allowed to fly an airplane
within the U.S. because the Department of Homeland Security and the TSA
consider me a threat to the security of the U.S.A. Yep I'm on the official no fly
list along with some 80 thousand other Americans most people don't wear in
their own list until they get to the airport the temperature boarding pass I'm
lucky a long time friend who works for an airline took me several months ago that
I'm on the list so I don't even bother trying to fly those who don't know in advance
are allowed to buy an airline ticket and often make the long track to the
airport only to be told that they're not allowed to board a plane and must
call an 800 number to see if they can be cleared to board the plane some are some
aren't but the process takes so much time that many who are cleared end up
missing their flight anyway and no enemy of Uncle Sam we've got a lot of
co-conspirators U.S. Senator Edward Kennedy uh representative John Lewis
Democratic Georgia even actor David Nelson from the Adventures of Ozzie and
Harriet each found themselves having to prove they're not terrorists before
getting on a plane but my favorite partner in crime is Edward Allen of Houston
Texas Edward is a really dangerous man or a boy anyway Edward is four years old
and we stopped along with his mother when they tried to board a plane over the
holidays you guessed little Eddie is on the list another threat to the
peace and security of the good old USA is this a joke Eddie's mom told
continental airlines agent as out of all places bush intercontinental airport
you can tell he's not a terrorist but continental agents weren't laughing and
told young Eddie who would have to be cleared by the TSA before getting on the
plane they allowed him to fly but he and his mom went through the same process
when they tried to fly back home to Houston I know the government tried to
protect because of the terrorist attacks but common sense should play a role in
him as Allen said I don't think he's going through the trouble of being harassed
and hindered senator Ted Kennedy understands what little Edward had to go
through he had to make multiple phone calls to get his name off the list so did
Congressman Lewis of Georgia it takes a powerful U.S. Senator that much trouble
to get off the list an ordinary person is dooms as John Soma a professor of
computer technology law University of Denver and executive director of the
privacy foundation there we still don't have a mechanism to ensure that the
government's no-fly list is accurate Soma said the only way you can get your
name off is if your senator Kennedy he calls up somebody and says you're not
going to get your money next year but what about the other two to eighty million
Americans the TSA won't tell anybody why they're on the no-fly list they that
they claim is classified yet the list seems to carry a lot of names of people
whose only crime has been critical of the Bush administration or the war in
Iraq people like democratic senators or congressman or James Moore
co-author of Bush's brain the best song book about Bush and Carl Rove more
found out he was on the list when he tried to board a flight a year ago he
hasn't been allowed to fly since when he tried to find out how he got on the list
he was told that information wasn't available to him I've been on the no-fly
watch list for a year more says I'll never be told the official reason no one
ever is you can't sue to get the information nothing I've done has moved me any
closer to getting off the list there were thirty five thousand Americans in
that database last year according to a European government that screens hundreds
of thousands of American travelers each year the list they've been given
to work from a since grown to eighty thousand so much for land of the free
says pulled dark Thompson who had a drive seven or miles to see Lewis to a
few like that does that pathetic or what pretty sad yeah to that they don't
put their son at no-fly list anybody stick around for a little while although I'm
not sure that's a a plus maybe we ought to take that pool in the next hour who
ought to be the program director to him what about that lady martes at least
maybe keep him off the air okay here's the finally nice going Eric now go
back to your porn sites okay please go back to your lunches he was probably busy
doing some business okay I mean he's not making any money from us especially
since we had to take the dump that uh... be the current thing off there speaking
to land of the free all along you don't have the uh... the uh... birth date and
the uh... exact size of her boobies and the uh... date that the picture was taken
and the time of day and uh... uh... what kind of camera was taken with you know
the one heck of a job here's the final poll baby i'm printed out right now
there it is the one who did it was on another page
how does that possible the most incredible thing you ever seen on TV is
we got uh... nine so oh see what a shame we got nine seventy six and i
could have a thousand no what what differences are made
let me get so what the about that thousand sorry i ever talked into that uh... nine
eleven attacks this fourteen sixty three percent that's uh... no more or no
new arms from walks on the moon sixty seven the challenge of explode sixty
jack ruby shoots the harvier as well fifty four
jf k assassinations about two thousand election count
c i the jk assassination i mean haven't anybody seen his a puter film about a
million times and the whole thing about the grassy rule
uh... i uh...
have you ever had a grassy no yes
grass on the back of the ass
two thousand that's a grassy mole two thousand lesson count twenty five oj
baco chase fourteen alien and i mean everything else is like uh...
miniscule here
the alien rescue a dozen oj trial twelve
Katrina floods the gulf coast eleven turned everybody out white
l.a. ryan's eight virgin virgin Mary on the grilled cheese six
column by master for six waco shoot out six
put an impeachment hearings five watergate hearings five bombing a bad
that part one oh five
bobby race place tennis against billy jinking that big old bull like four
janna jessons booby flat four oakville city bonabamba grande four
rollo gets busted in the nose three got bus up
columbia shuttle break bus up over texas three
right to king its bus up in l.a. three
lot of people getting bus up
that bus is illegal
john lennon assassination to the fall of the brilin wall to robert kennedy
shooting to sarasota uh... woman killed herself on the
brain's out to including suds colman has never been the same
ronald ragan gets shot to princess diana
dies over here to
shock and i a rack part to is that only two
jf k juniors plan crash finally got one
and non-franco nannet whole episode on the beach
john stoss will get smacked by dr d is got the big uh... shine hettel counter
except a picture of the pope we applauded hardly but it was a little shocking
about that and the value of plan crash in the everglades is also got the
big nothing
remember that would account on the side of the plane
nothing funny about that okay uh... change it
i'm changing it right now
what a feeling of power
uh...
cnn this lets him off the hook for old times it is now he doesn't have to worry about
this
pinnie a stuff and the show tomorrow
aircon to be pleased as much about this when you think as pension
uh... white and punch
okay who's in the asm is most annoying
now this is tough
religious nuts
trekkies
recovery alcoholics
pc gamers
political junkies
got people
informal host or sports fans
it's a real real tight race in my brain but i'm still looking for religious
nuts
even though sports fans is right
just about
because of the news religion see i'll vote for sports fans
specially sports fans for ten to be program director
really that's annoying more but you know
the religious nut's annoying more
but the more fans annoying more often how's that and that's because you work on
the state of that otherwise it wouldn't be
that's correct
that's because you probably uh... in your crowd you probably don't know any of
what sports sports nerds
all what that's a
you really
uh... i'm the i guess i could want to call out your team lost again
yes really i don't have any
like or for three words of their team won the game which is just somehow that
makes them better
cd
these people are clinging on so their motto is i have no right so they're like
clean and i mean everybody if there's sports band you got your teams you like
and you move for and they're going to have a lot of those of the people i know
they're like they're like josh they watch they have a five-minute conversation
about it that's it on right
yeah that's how i feel like uh... to make the leaves i mean who wants to
what care about them i mean you're all six and wrote a suck
he resolve yourself to a better night sleep in two thousand six by calling one
eight hundred mattress
nothing and i mean nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well being
in productivity than a good night's sleep
believe me i know that for a fact trust me where i'm sitting my fat ass right now
if you don't get a good night's sleep you can't do a show with a crap
and you can get a good night's sleep tonight and for years to come if people don't
drive you nuts from dollar mattress all you have to do is make that one easy call
the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do just call one eight hundred
mattress right now if your mattress is more than ten years older with sagging
lumpy bumpy bumpy time for a new one
two-son-the-complete line all the top names in the mattress
the betting business celi simons surda king coral
temperate experience in bananas foster god do i love bananas foster it so
secondly sweet it'll send you in a coma
down on my first take same day orders all day long from kennel the steward
pumbits to four mires and you get to pick the time they show up that's right
you pick the date and to our delivery what that mattress delivered they show up
on time ninety nine ninety nine point seven percent of time i've been used them for years
they're the best i know you'll be a satisfied customer too so start the new year off right with
a new mattress from dollar mattress don't put off getting a better night's sleep one more minute
give her to that lumpy old mattress pick up the phone right now and just give them a call one
eight hundred mattress or do you shopping on their website at mattress dot com
dollar mattress one eight hundred m a t tr e s
leave off the last ends because it stands for stupendous saving this is a meal
rushers this is five sixty two eight
bill Nicole in October she'll best her Stallone announced
rocky six then in early november he announced a rambo for now the news Stallone fans have
been waiting decades for so the stress alone is rocky valve
bow and john rambo i adore in rocky six rambo four rocky versus rambo
ayo rambo ayo rocky ayo doo ayo doo ando very good ayo doo very good ayo doo
yoppa ayo doo from producers of Freddie versus Jason and alien versus predator rocky six
rambo for rocky versus rambo ayo robo that's a mean that's what you got
oh ayo rocky ayo what
rocky six rambo four rocky versus rambo absolutely absolutely
at least I'm going away even sooner once seventeen we can only hope
now since that worked out so well my faxing you that pull for tomorrow which is on
there right now um maybe I'll fax it my December talent sheet again okay
I mean practice makes perfect i'm going to do is i'm going to what wrap it in a wet newspaper
wrap it yeah and then i'm going to bury it under the backyard for like a month
right so uh-huh right and then i'm going to take a billy goat yeah you want more no okay
walk over the high-tech prison where you shut up and i high-tech prison opening this week
inmates were electronic wristbands in Amsterdam that track their every movement and guards
monitor cells using emotion recognition software it says the headline on the story Dutch open
big brother prison there was nasty cheap ass dutch absolutely the the refuse of the universe the
dutch authorities are convinced that jail and laylist died quickly dubbed the big brother prison
by local press represents the future of correctional facilities cheap and efficient without
coddling criminals or violating their fundamental rights the canis will be uh-oh
kept in six man dormitory cells they'll do their own cooking washing organize their own daytime
schedules by a touch-free monitor at the foot of their beds kind like what the mobsters have been
doing for years you know they set them up in a kitchen they cook the sausage and a meatballs on
stuff we hesitate to compare it to a youth hostel because the biggest part of being punished
is that you've lost your freedom just as ministry spokesman Hans Janssen said
Hans on prisoners have limited choices through their activities electives include drug
education classes and exercise and they're locked in their cells at night unlike the big brother
TV program camera surveillance is limited to public spaces not on bunk beds or in bathrooms oh god
just a thought of that watching a dutch on the throne cells of equipment microphones that really
information to the prisons control center where software analyzes sound volume and rhythm to
alert guards when a violent confrontation between inmates may be taking place prison officials
expect to save money the estimated cost per prisoner is 125 bucks per night compared with
170 dollars in underdutch prisons because monitoring is easy the laylist died facility
records far fewer guards i wonder if that's near layly land la la la that's why the uh-stop
Sunday a train between central station and the uh- airport and skibble la la la la la no that's
the money gets to Amsterdam it's la la land peter of gleaming of the european organizations for
the protection of prisoners rights that prisoners should be given more opportunity for self-improvement
and job training or he generally gave the prison positive marks i like that the big brother prison
ladies to those guts they give a little spanking time up for on some handcuffs yeah some whoops and
chains a little bit of spanking put them in leather send down there on the iraud de vassaline
for some of those wins denied parties five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
honey for rising and singular wireless lines and look at those phones baby they're on fire not
whose enthusiasm you know something we ought to change the full whose lack of enthusiasm is the
most annoying like this crowd don't you think there's one for tomorrow god they're just
rather you know they've been rambling on here but good godly miss malle we should have a
thousand different categories on here we order whose enthusiasm is most annoying what do we
got so far when you know the religious notes that's why uh-shawns you know aside from that that's
okay we knew that the nine eleven was going to win the tv thing we don't care 43 votes religious
notes 32 infomercial hosts six sports fans sold them at a dose godf people won political junkies one
recovery alcoholers won pc gamers and trekkies don't have any of course godf people i don't know any
so i can't ignore me well they're not enthusiastic by by definitions i see where black and that's it
yeah barely i was just i was just reading about that during a break boring somebody q a m hello
hey nia i didn't get a chance to vote yesterday the most amazing show i ever saw with your show
on whammy a couple of years back yeah uh-huh and nothing like it yeah uh thank god for that
is that yes something i just give up i just add that note i give up is that pathetic or what
yeah no comment there's been nothing like it since that was the worst piece of trash the most
embarrassing yeah embarrassing tile of garbage the most the worst can see put together not that you
have to stop amen leave it to the mad dog to summon up well likey likey likey wam hello
hey momma wammy qam hello nino yes sir how about that little guy you can do it who's that for
Tony little Tony little the guy he's the exercise guy i don't know who that is i don't watch
the mexican side shows oh that one okay put him put his ass on there i'll take another one how
about Tony robins oh you got a 28 feet tall with a 45 teeth you know the one yeah do i've seen it
the self-improvement guy Tony robins is as phony as a 45 dollar bill man he is so as fake
do we ever put we didn't put Richard Simmons on there is anybody adding any of this
porter who just we just leaving this tariff now i guess that yeah Josh just laying out waiting for
the food now maybe that i don't see Richard Simmons i don't see Richard little i don't see uh
whatever this guy just said it little whatever what the hell's the film there now buddy yeah okay buddy
buddy yeah you got your ears on buddy how about a pull on the most memorable coverage on radio
oh this is this is almost as bad as the guy that just called me about that whammy abortion
orson wells war the world is the coverage of the hindenburg disaster well first of all uh i mean
we've seen the recreation of those things but and the rick riley allers Bennett confrontation oh my god
what have i always said about the radio of the talk show groupies uh i forget what have you all
said oh god i hate them can't stand them i don't think there's anything worse in the world
than a talk show groupie they they're in a category all by themselves just make me want to puke
you know that randy was using some of your draft and and how come little Joey got led on the
show and i always made the stand in the corner and quiet oh brother w a m hello yeah sir
you are to check around with him upstairs jerry cologne a very good what i'm
that and why is the husband of the famous chili finger gate get nine 12 years that she got nothing
she got nothing she got nine he got 12 oh nine yeah and then another thing i was right with
through Orlando yeah and then you know it was listening to another station and you were getting some
invisible press on it because this guy that's like a fanatic on on the sanitary always was on and he
was bad not that everybody there was a weird about the scat mine but you don't like him you know he's
picking on here not not Jim Phillips again please tell me i'm not talking about him Phillips oh please
never heard him okay well i just thought like you know he gets a lot of press on the radio
that's gonna make me a lot of money man thanks thanks this is not just a kid start your career
that's right jump start my a pacemaker god just what the doctor ordered Tony Robbins don't have any
Tony little don't have any Richard Simmons that's probably because they just went on there
i think maybe Sean had a point you know religiousness is gonna get all the votes but leave it on
there they deserve to get ripped the bible says and the good book says we want to bring you the
good news you have the good news will be when you get your ass off my doorstep and get out of
your never come back that will be the really good news right right right god by the way don't
forget October 1st last year that new floor to law went into effect some yet he comes to your
adorstep peddler religious craft just blown away because he's right he is a threat to your mental
health and your whole family even your pets even your cats 26 after one at five 60 w to q a m when
you're shopping for shoes what name pops into your mind i hope it's brandy's in pop it up each
because brandy's in pop it up each has the unbeatable combination they got people are really
know your feet inside an outfit to sure you get a perfect fit every time they've got an unbeatable
selection of all the top brands rock port echo floor shine new balance essay as mafisto and lots more
and like i said brandy's professional too for this will make sure you've got to customize fit at
the right price every time their prices and selection are positively unbeatable brandy's even
specialized in wide wits if you got big fat ones brandy's worth the trip from just about anywhere in
South Florida so don't forget for that unbeatable combination comfort style fit value and
selection always think first of brandy shoes they were 1290 North federal highway in pop it up each
brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday till nine Sundays till five every week there's
another special value in for it brandy's and this week it's spirit top side is both men's and
women's styles you'll save ten to twenty bucks extra per only this week and only at brandy shoes
in pop and obi this is meal rosters this is five sixty q a m joys bus doesn't care about black people
charge after charge the judge repeating all of the facts of in the prosecution's charging documents
and then saying over and over again yes your honor yes your honor yes your honor
he's just a lot of years
who's given lots of gifts before he's gonna be the best
they're gonna walk him through that prison door
all
and
that is the show that came from all
ever
month
he's given up and it's a
sweet
he has the people all
ever
month
he'll get what he does for his fair mercy
outside on the air
nice outfit by the way jack one thirty one a q a m that
monster or that goddy outfit he had on that was a real prison
federal health advises voted yesterday to recommend over the counter sales of a weight loss pill
now sold only with a prescription how do you like that here all the fat people voting me we're
always been looking for that magic peel right maybe they want a magic bullet go a black so
smith client consumer health care still needs the FDA approval i guess they're gonna have to
send him a big bag of money huh before it can sell a non prescription version of orlest
that a diet pill already market in prescription for mazenicael
the FDA approved the prescription version of the fat block oh fat blocker made by rocha 99 fat
block my ass
oh god god get a mac truck i'd join f the advisor
committee voted eleven or three to recommend approval aid monday after a day long hearing
the agency usually follows the recommendation of its outside panel of experts but its final
decision could take months if approved orlestell would be the first weight loss drug sanction
for over the counter sales oh in six month clinical trials obese people who took orlestell
lost an average five point three the six to point two pounds more than did those who were given
dummy pills all to have that rickweaver drop in you dummy you got it
it's in here somewhere yeah glacer wants people to use the pill for when he's six months at a time
but as an over the counter item it's used could not be police oh here's the diet pill police
the pills effect ends once it's used to stop to dr. julie golden a medical officer in the
FDA division of metabolism and endocrinology products a previous study showed a progressive weight gain
in patients after they stopped using orlestell gold is a yeah adi would have got fat blocker my
buddy yeah sorry that's exactly right you tell him rick god he was good what we missed in bad
now or what yes huh it was damn good let's see oh this rotting oh he's stop although you know
something i like this i mean he's fast as a good but he's just a lot of control why don't you
get your own show like two to four Riley number one and the most annoying enthusiasm
dick by tal baby you got it Riley his fast as a great you know he's just getting on my nerves
maybe it's just i'm tired you think that's it because i'm ready to run out of gas we had to get
now now if gas what what was it up to the max about three and a half bucks a gallon their boots
and if it's gonna go if it really does this Iranian thing go to a hundred dollars of barrel
we're talking about i would say about forty for what is that well what is it right now about two
fifty their belts well forty percent of two fifty is a buck and a quarter right no i'll take
it work a buck huh forty percent and two fifty is a buck so that's the only back to three
fifty so what's the big sum is although of course when it gets started out as a barrel i say oh
what was that's gonna have to be five bucks again so thank you again mr president for those
low bargain basement gas prices and for working up that big cheery Iraq even though we're not getting
any oil from there even though their economy is in the crapper we shouldn't have to up that big
huge Saudi Arabia but that would have messed up all your family's business would have been
lot in family and all those other oil maggots let's say here's a fast that says for the pool not
sure if it's today's or tomorrow is it a one at seventeen weeks from sookas what about the juicy
guy with a big eyebrows it does the infomercials well that's the it wasn't a infomercial host
on here it does right the juicy man i can't remember what his name is how to be confused with the
other guy i just talked about before celebrating his 400 birthday the guy that sells his juicer the
jackalain oh you never saw that no it looked he looks like he's like remember time medicine
baby baby like like uh... or is it angeles can you say baby hello goodbye and i know he's about 400
years old and this barely can make a guttable sound and then they got this silly ass cross-eye bitch
on it it's just so phony is a sixty two dollar bill the jackalain power juicer yeah juice this
this guy's talking about the juicy man with the real thick bush you are brows you never saw that guy
with a white eyebrow well in the last night i think that's it's uh... uh... what's his name Andy
really look pale into win significance nobody nobody has those kinds of brows and well the
president the juicy man man the juicy man can all speeder the juicy man can i i i i how many times i
play that yesterday drunk about forty something like the more uh... yeah everything is the way god
is it just me are you also uh... taken with this uh... it's okay i like that chocolate
jerks don't like it oh it's fine you don't like it it's fine you say it's fine
why i take the city and cover it in sweet
rain making can
rain making can
rain making can
rain making can cause he wants to make new or a reason
and i don't care what people are saying
like Jesse Jackson we have black people his comments are bizarre
sure the god is mad he can make the locals do a weird walk of the box
chocolate
yeah
yes right now you can
yeah
rain making can cause he wants to make new or a reason
is
it's time for us to come together
it's time for us to rebuild a new world as the one that should be
uptown all the way over the old
this city will be chocolate a chocolate new world
he never takes the blame
for anything he says chocolate at the end of the day
that chocolate and some coffee and a cup of warm cold air
rain making can
rain making can
no i can
rain making can cause he wants to make new or a reason
you can't have new or this is no other way
it wouldn't be a wall
well you can have it i was that
no big qa m hello
hey deal how you doing buddy
okay pali
good man i got one fear of fall
guys throwing knowing my wife watches entertainment tonight
uh kujo that guy the fashion guy
i've never seen him
yep you have
i've seen him
oh my god
kujo kujo kujo
yeah
yeah god dang it he's still ignoring all right
i'm saying yeah
okay pali
kujo i thought he was talking about the Curtis Joseph
no hockey talk now
kujo that is named kujo
right i heard they stole his mojo
kujo i am hello
i'm looking for kujo
kujo i am hello
not there light line one market down we have a little problem
no one
eight years later
kujo i am hello
Neil
yes sir
aggravating Chuck Norris and Christie
frankly hucking that uh uh
slide thing it goes up and down but the stuff
why i call you sounds like your commercial host
yeah
yeah uh uh
hey pali you're a lover of things with pali
and have you read john barren's uh city of falling
no
you must read it
i was supposed to city of god
it
no it's it's uh it's uh look about vines and the inside
politics of that city and the players and
written over a
very
uh place i wouldn't go to if they paid me by the second
haha
figure book is
well crappy water
what's the name of it
city of falling angels
john barren
next time i want to get a book that's so the second one i'll get thank you
uh fool me again is the book i was supposed to go out and get yesterday
remember fool me again
right
by uh uh christian uh what's his name miller whatever that guy's name is
when you remember the one fool me again and there's another guy can't he can't get any
interviews for the book and uh you know because he talks about
he doesn't talk about he documents the fact that both
both last two elections were thickest and so they don't want to run the air
that's all that's a pretty good way to what keep the american public from no one for show
although i remember the hero did all those it went on for months and months and then finally
oh guess what algorithm really won if all the votes would have been counted really one
and the supreme said oh stop the count
stop the count do we have that bit somewhere is that a kj or what stop the count in
i don't know how to put squeaky voice uh uh uh uh bokeh brine man he must have been borrowing
gildey's nuts for that bit
this is real rudgers this is 5.6.8
all right guys
you
when i'm watching bats you fall on tv one man is annoying me
yelling words of thousands sick you really
you fairy and when someone goes baseline he starts screaming things so
easily screeching like a fancy to give me to give me to give me to give me to give me
and to give me he should shut his fire hole to give me
when the is talking the player promise and it's
fine with me where does this guy come from to give me
everything is awesome and everyone is to be tv
wish he'd keep his trap shut to give me
Evie
Evie
Evie
and
if you
evie
Yet
Hey
Evie
Evie
Evie
Evie
Evie
This is not
2 gravy
146 with all the respect Sean I made him say I think this pool sucks. I'm sorry. Well
what do you do now? Oh, what do you mean what I'm going to do now? I'm going to leave
it up there. Maybe they'll last Johnwood during my, huh? Good plan. And maybe not. And
you know what? Yamama, who cares? Wait till you hear this and this ties right in with
the other pool. Well, that's great. All they are connecting the dots stuff we've had
today is in what's not and where's my damn paycheck? Bronco's fans as he was humiliated
by teacher. See this thing about the sports fans we got under the sports nerds. We can't
be surprised. It's only got five votes. That's because it's on this station. So that's
right. You know that's true. Beaver falls. Pennsylvania. I mean, you know what I'm just
barely going to make it today. Just barely going to eke out a show today. And I don't
mean much of a show. So why should we ever get pulled out? Why waste a good pool on a day
like this? Right? Right. Maybe if I get paid, I'll do a good show. Beaver falls, Pennsylvania.
17-year-old high school student said he was humiliated when a teacher made him sit on
the floor during a midterm exam in his ethnicity class for wearing a Denver Bronco's jersey.
All right. The teacher, John Kelly, forced Joshua Van Ooi to sit on the floor. That's Van
Ooi. Sit on the floor and take the test Friday. Two days before the Pittsburgh Stevers beat
the Bronco's 34-17 in the FC Championship game. Kelly also made other students to
crumple about paper at Van Ooi. Van Ooi. Who may call it a stinking Denver fan, Van Ooi,
to the AP on Monday. Kelly said Van Ooi, a junior at Beaver area senior high school, just
didn't get the joke. If he felt uncomfortable and that's a lesson, that's what the class
he designed to do. Kelly told them that in the post, it was silly fun. I can't believe
he was upset. He made him sit on the floor and let the other students throw crumple
about paper at him. Van Ooi was wearing a number seven Bronco's jersey on Friday because
he's a fan of John L. Way, the Bronco's retired hollow flamer quarterback. Van Ooi said
he was so unnerved. He left at least 20 questions blank. I'm a 60 question test. He just
wants out of Kelly's class because he's afraid the teacher won't treat him fairly now that
the story reached the media. I'm going to have to deal with him for two to nine more
weeks school quarters. Now he's going to want to revenge him out. Van Ooi said yesterday,
I took the test. I'm shaking. I'm furious. I didn't know what to do. For this, for revenge,
we need to go see Don Corleone. Kelly, who wore a Ben Rothless Berger jersey Friday and
his principal Thomas Karazowski didn't immediately return messages left on a school voicemail
yesterday. How do you like that? Teacher Jackass, man. Big B. Refall. See, the problem is
with this teacher shooting. They always shoot the wrong teachers, you know, like they
got to pump each other. He was a good guy. This teacher, but a baby, man, just time you're
from Florida. It's the Florida F and Way. You messed with me and big B. Refall's area
school district superintendent Donna Nugent says she was aware of the situation, but said
confidentiality rules prevent her from committing specifically. We'll take whatever action we
need in order for the students to feel comfortable. Nugent said, right, comfortable. My ass.
Is that a joke or what? You know, comfortable. My ass, all these people that, in fact,
when you watch them, we'll be primal fear. This will strike a court. All right. No, that's
not the one. I'm sorry. That will not strike a court. The one will strike court as sleepers
with Kevin Bacon. What a cast, man. Kevin Bacon, I'll give you like a little background.
I won't spoil it for you. Kevin Bacon, Dustin Hoffman plays the attorney, Brad Pitt. That's
the one that we decided that we did see. Yeah, but I never saw from the beginning. Right.
Until the weekend. I watched it all watching that right from the beginning. I saw it. It
was all right. It was all right. There's all right. How's Kevin Bacon doing? I want to see
an animal. How's Kevin Bacon? What? And then and the most interesting, well, maybe not
the most interesting, but part of it that's kind of interesting is that the author of the
book it was based on said it was a true story. And the New York State Department of Corrections
is there was never any such juvenile justice system or our institution where that kind
of thing went on. We have no documentation. And the author says only the names have been
changed to protect the gildy, obviously. And that's it. He stands by the story. And then
they put that stuff all up at the end of the movie and sleepers. Yeah. It was only good.
It was a long time ago. I thought it was just fine. Trust me. I thought it was time
you to hear that. When you go to watch Primal Fear and I try to get it in tonight, although
you know, big night tonight, you got that show that you just discovered. You want to
sample once it calls superstitious supernatural. And then of course there's the shield at
10 o'clock, which is the shield. Shield my ass. All right. Please save the whole humanity.
Please. The shield is great. Is it really? What's that about? Oh, you even hyping that
thing for ever since it came out of the channel. It's everyone's favorite. Well, it's
technically a cop show, but it's not. It just takes place at a cop show. No, it's not
what you're cop show that George light. No, no, no, it's not a cop show. It just has cops
in it. How's that? Okay. It's a soap opera. Oh, it isn't. It plays a cop buddy show at
a body. It's nothing like the hero is a guy to me. The hero is a scummy murdering cop.
No. So Bob, Rob, the take place at a cop show. A 49 year old flying student from Denver walked
away from a crash on harm today in Lantana. After airplanes flipped over during a touching
go exercise at the airport, every day was touching the exercises. Just this morning,
because every time you touch, there you go, the incident occurred around 1049 this morning.
That's where dust. It ran 1049 this morning. They land 10 air for while Jeanne Davis flew
solo and was completing a series of touch and goal landings and takeoffs on runway 15.
Her instructor was on the ground. It doesn't say whether that was before or after. This
was the first time she was on the ground. She's got a room full of sex toys and a whip that
Angelina makes guys take a fall off. Read about her in the times or fall. There's no marriage
play from coast to coast. If she makes your man your love life goes and you'll need a
make-out fan fall off. She'll start the kick and I'll introduce you. Let the wind blow
over her. It's an outrageous family view. Because she wants you for dessert. She wants
towards you and her gardeners who call. What do you like to call? What you see here you
can't get the frog. Angelina makes guys take a fall off.
She's been all mighty young holy forest. She'll do everything in your forest. But with your
whispers, Angelina makes guys dance fall off. She's calling you now and you're without
being her kid. All the way you're like a dog. When she leaves in your life is so kid. She'll
do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do
everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your forest. She'll do everything in your
