The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars.
And you not reflect those of the Beasley Griske has group.
I must have missed those election updates, didn't I?
Sure, huh.
The biggest name of the best talent.
What's the election you actually do with retaining many rights?
When I write?
I'm awarded.
Stupid glasses of your election.
Seems to be.
Sometimes I feel myself.
Somebody.
He.
I heard a big boom when I turned around
I knocked the wound and made the end here
So it smelled like a tune and with the cock up tune
It's showing up a few
We gotta chase it in this shit like I'm not so enlistin'
Overlord the doors here, that's why I wishin'
Can't get the spell out, turn it the hell out
Pull the wiggle up and jump down now
And I'm a tough rest turn the room in, yes
Run away north, west, east, south
Somebody, somebody
They know they did it, got skitties
Call the party, yeah they party
Yeah they party
Somebody party, yeah
Somebody party, yeah
Somebody party
Yeah they do that, somebody party
Yeah they do, somebody party
Yeah they do, somebody party, yeah
Somebody party, yeah
Somebody party, yeah
Hey, it's delicious, eh?
And for what's that guy to do with the big game, huh?
Or the fight, or the, whatever, you know
I'm sure we're gonna be giving you all kinds of updates
on election stuff, throughout the day on QI-M today
And tomorrow wouldn't surprise me if we get really
election intensive, when you think?
I would bet
All day long?
In fact I would be listening overnight on this station
What do we have on overnight now?
Well we have ESPN radio, what?
I bet you they're gonna be tuned right into every election
and they're gonna be counting the votes, not
So George screwed up, and you're saying,
you know this has nothing to do with anything
And certainly has nothing to do with election day or the game
It has to do with my addiction to chocolate
Okay, oh your Ethel M business secret talking about it
Yeah, I was looking at Ethel M and somehow I got sidetracked onto him
A guy named Mars, what those guys name Robert Mars
Frank C. Mars was the founder of the American company Mars Inc
which makes mostly chocolate candy
Mars and his son Forest Edward Mars developed M&Ms
They don't melt in your hand, they melt in your rectum
Frank learned how to produce candy from his mother
Wasn't that sweet?
It's all good
In 1902 he began making candy but all his never failed until 1923
when he made the Milky Way candy bar
The chocolate coating for which came from Hershey's brand chocolate
In the late 1920s, Frank C. Mars moved to Polaski, Tennessee
where he bought a number of local farms in Constructa large farm called Milky Way
During its construction, Mars employed more than 935 men from Jail's County
to build a 25,000 square foot clubhouse
More than 30 barns, a horse race track and a show horse track
Mars lived in the remainder of his life in the 2800 acre farm
and was buried there upon his death in 1934
However, Mars wife Ethel had the body in Mausoleum
moved to Chicago just a few years after his death
Ethel?
Ethel Mars, Ethel M
Got it?
Ha!
Naaaah!
In 1930, Mars developed a record of his bar after his death in 1940
his son Forest was in the hub of Hershey's president William Murray's
began producing M&M
I wonder if he's can do a Jan Murray
Murray's
began producing M&M candies with the M&M being Mars and Murray
Forest went on to grow the company to the additional such products as Uncle Benz
Wow, Uncle Benz
Didn't Uncle Ben play for the Steelers and get routed on the Sunday I believe Josh
he played
Yes he did
He'll ever be the same again, too bad
Forest later died in 1999 and left the company to his children which still on the company day
and Robert, one of those Mars guys, I'm not going to look it up again
is worth $10.7 billion is the 27th richest man in the world
so it's not important that you grow that you're born into a same family just into a rich one
I was to show you if there was a God I mean would a luck of the draw be well
you're lucky enough to be born into a very wealthy family or into royalty or stuff like that
so you're going to be a billionaire and live the life of Raleigh
while some poor Schlepper is born into a family of you know street people
Right?
Like us
Like you
Like I said of a boat people
Ethel India
Frank, Seymour
As far as I'm asking it's like wildly interesting or fabulous stuff to know
but it's here some more interesting than some of these stupid vlog games
or I shouldn't have said that that was that was disrespectful to be seen
I guess it was
And of course especially since we got the opening and closing tip and rewind
Bimbo calls
I'm QA'm tonight
Well that's going to be some compelling crap and in between that while the actual heat game is going on
we got Misha on air the Craig Mishmash show
So we got 705 votes under these polls thanks to George screwing up
So I thought I could count on you for that kind of stuff and I obviously can't
So where I was
What I once did and I certainly won't be able to change the pool
I guess we'll have to count on George Cordis to a little backup
No problem
To check up on you and make sure that you have a very minor task to them
It's not like we're requesting some kind of a major computer
Yeah, take a look at the button and click of a mouse
I think it was passed out in the gutter about five years that could be it
A Chris campaign advisor said privately the governor Jeb Bush fully understood
Republican governor Charlie Gaye
Chris a reluctance to campaign with his brother president Bush and Prince of Coli yesterday
But that the White House was insistent that he come anyway, which he did not he did not he didn't show
Source the governor Bush understood but is not pleased. He's peeled and fired up
Atop a the Democratic Jim Davis described Chris decision not to appear with Bush as a political one based on the president's
Little appropriating because of the war in Iraq by the way Bush is appropriating his back down to 35 percent
It's back down to rock
Rock bottom if we had a picture of Charlie and the president together
They would get that picture everywhere said they're not going to give us that picture Davis said or his aid his ass assistant
So they go a selection day the polls are open. It'll seven o'clock tonight
Let's make up some early deterrence we got 30 votes counted. They're all for us. I'm demotivated here's the poor result from yesterday
I'll wait a minute. This isn't the right poll. Oh, gee. I screwed up. Let me let me look at view previous
You know, I did that I printed out the previous because I thought it would be the one from yesterday and then I realized after that you hadn't changed the podium sorry
How important are today's elections to you that was yesterday's cool
Just what he what is with the music what is with the freaking music?
1824 votes how important are today's election to you very important 870 movie important they see there he goes again
Pandora was for a no speaking of a Scrab your people
Life and death 364 somewhat important 234
Not at all 104 what me worry 89 and all those people are got big ears and a dumb look underpuss just like your prison
Not much 80 I just let's see I hate this pool 17
I just hate 66 you see how I chopped that up I dissected it so we can like examine that and see the difference only
0.9 percent that's like a number from the station across the street and a number from September from our morning show 0.9
I hate this pool 17 and I just hate
66 I like that choice
That was yesterday's pool and I what about today's see you through me right off the whole deal here
How confident are you that all votes will be counted honestly today?
What are you chuckling about skeptic? Yeah, not at all 262 that's what I voted not very not very confident 253
somewhat 120 like maybe very confident 46 I don't give a Schmidt 24. I'm 100% sure 12
Right and I hate this pool only for only half a half a point half a 1% hit the pool and that pleasant
That's really our audience is really into this crap man there. They're hanging on every they've already gone out and done
They're due to they voted at senti or they voted early voting or they voted today or already there is Mary Mary Madeline
Phoney right wing bitch Mary to a ball hit a James Carville Virginia is a 15 what is you know?
That that that that that that that yeah, they beat the boot boot about
What does any of this have to do with the heat game? How about those leaves, huh?
Brack don't beat the affiliate's last night for to one the affiliate the
Flyers whatever their name is a company by a final wave of campaigning software to pulling places generally opened on time without sweeping problems this morning
There were few inevitable gritches were reported in Broward County
Voters of two precincts experienced brief delays because electronic ballots were delivered to the wrong places will shame on you people
Electronic cartridges program for precinct at the Loderville Lakes young club at
20 637 Whale Harbor, Leenan for Loderville were erroneously swapped with ballots just in for the Andrew the graph ryanite
The Greg the graph run right community center at
2750 Northwest 19th's to relax now. What the hell is that Andrew the graph run right who the hell was that?
Workers quickly corrected the problem by 726 this morning a computer generated map at the Broward emergency operation center in
Plantation showed all seven out of 76 precincts up and running they're doing it in
Which is good because everybody in Broward's a democratic except for a few red necks
They're staff in the precincts and they can handle voters to brow super rise of elections bring this knife
No significant repartments reported in Dave County where there's like six Democrats in Dave didn't get out yet
All the precincts are open everything seems to be seems to be just fine. Oh, we're fine
That's what Dan Stewart said to and look what happened to him. I still don't believe he's dead. What do you die from?
I don't know loneliness
To deal with glitches early see that was payback. It goes to show you man
The Lord gets really peeled when he tried to out the what's his name from the young in the horny?
What is that moral Josh Moore? Oh, I can't believe you know that. How do you know that wipe watches that show?
Oh, that's a bad show. He's old and has a beard now. I know I know what he looks like
I see I do a little channel surfing your renon in he still is pretty good to me
Although it looks much better with his clothes off
There are some people you understand of both sex is who look better the more clothes they take off the better they look like you'll notice
In what's the movie I'm sending you match point
That's the case both of your girlfriend Scarlett Johansson and Jonathan Reese Myers the more clothes he takes off the better
We look and you're gonna say boy he looks awfully gay but then again keep in mind he's British and all British men look gay
He out. I'm just telling you that they're all fade the brits
They all look like a sub argue with that except for Weinstein Churchill
That's because he was old and fat and boosted up all the time of the big fat Stogie in his purse, you know
It's hard to look gay when you're old and fat with a big stogie although I managed to do it to deal with glitches earlier
The county this is date activated at 6000 voting machines at all 749 precincts last night by the time 6500 pull workers arrived this morning
The machines were on by ready to go and probably had thousands of phony hosts in there already
Just kidding folks. Well, you got to you got a test amount right right?
How else are you gonna make sure that they're working right? Let's you test them out for a few thousand votes through there
It's democracy in action. I hope people come out and take advantage and vote. They've managed your George Burgess said
I wonder if he's came to smoky Burgess or Tommy Burgess who used to play for the Rochester Red Wings
Still one potential complication. See that's old stuff again. There he goes with the old stuff
I'm gonna call myself every time because you won't do it
Because you just suck on it because it's almost your birthday and you don't want to screw up that check
You might have a point
I guess I'll I'll be sending both checks along for your birthday one for Josh one for you. Hey happy birthday, Josh
Of course Josh's cut comes out of your birthday. Oh geez election supervisors expected a load of moderate turnout for the midterm election
How is that possible? I don't get it. How can people not be pissed off man? How can they not be pissed off?
Stay right about 50% of all registered voters expected to exercise a fundamental right now
Brigades in living in their democracy participating in an election in South Florida official for today 50 to 60% turn out
Josh Corners isn't voted and we're gonna whippies ass about where some pissed off about it
We're gonna out his roommate on a year today
The one who sleeps in the same well not in the same bed, but like you know right kitty corner
They're twin beds in a real close to each other's what Josh said and that what you said
No, you can frankly like reach out and grab his uh hand. Yeah, his glad hand his glad hand
Is that what our expression came from grand glad hand
Anyway, here's our quickly the pull we got going today. Oh, I already did that 746
See I'm way ahead of myself and that's because you threw me off by not changing the pool you lunatic
I think it's a conspiracy by you. I'm sorry. I think he's trying to take over
You see
Feel Roger
Who are those netwits there in Crawford, Texas they go to this one, but that's your president and his life
Back in the day when someone done us wrong
We didn't take their crap
Girl harbor when the jams drop their bombs
We found them back and now the Saudis they hit us hard and on our cards our little flanks wait
Oh, right that's all you love in retard
Voice of bombers
I'm tired of the hands and other parents to be in America
But where they follow
She's the United States of arrogance
About this country
Onports
oben
What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past.
If you want that as you need to try, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe. And anyone who says that, obviously,
is a force to be.
And there's a lot of barriers to be in America where we take triadily.
When the flag in what has with our head in the sand, it finally follows the powers that we have ascended.
And I have two more important things to pass along first.
How the hell did I get started on this? It's because Josh talked me to check on that info on website.
That's what he's all about. He's all about to croak.
Why you rocked doing a joist?
I guess I was. It's satisfying when it that.
Good. There's nothing like a good joist in the morning. Let me tell you.
Like the Loch Ness Monster, the deep-fried Mars bar has often been regarded as a Scottish myth.
Have you ever heard of a deep-fried Mars bar?
A fried Snickers bar, but I guess you could fry a Mars bar. Sure. Why not?
A study published in Alexi with data on this is December 17, 2004.
A study published in the medical journal confirms that Scots' costume, or a consume, say Scots have funny costumes.
Scots consume thousands of battered bars each week.
Battered bars, I've heard of battered women. These are battered bars kicking around and smashing the bridge.
That more than a fifth of chip, fish and chip shops with specialized in deep-fried food sell the strange sugary delicacy.
Oh, those brits. That must be why they act like they ain't got no schmitz, the brits.
They are just the crap that they eat. It's just amazing.
The study was conducted by Dr. David Morrison, a consultant in public health medicine in Glasgow, and Dr. Mark Pettichrew, associate director of Glasgow's medical research, that they conducted a study on this.
They've decided to investigate after the treat was mentioned by TV host Jay Leno on an NBC deny show.
Oh, well, that would sure get me to try it.
Well, actually, it wouldn't because I wouldn't ever be watching that show ever, under any circumstances, under penalty of death.
We live in Scotland, but we never actually seen deep-fried bars for sales at Morrison.
We thought they might be fictitious, but the Scottish diet is a major health issue, and it's important to know what the facts are.
We cannot confirm there is no doubt. The deep-fried bars bar is not just an urban myth. It's not just an urban legend with or without Gerolito.
And more than 400 calories per bar, the something is not helpful. But then again, Scotland is noted for healthy lifestyle.
Especially when you walk right out there with a skirt on, you know, and nothing underneath.
Parts of Scotland have the highest incidence of heart disease, cancer and strokes in the lowest life expectancy in the developed world.
Thank God. How do you like that? Did you ever know that? The Scots are extraordinarily unhealthy.
How the stickier a sprueler at life, don't worry, it's not gonna breathe.
Morrison and Petticoot, who is reported, appears in the Lancet Medical Journal, called nearly 500 chip shops across Scotland,
who require whether they sold the bars and discovered that 22% are proud to offer them, another 17% have done so in the past.
They're proud to offer them. How about the ones who are embarrassed to offer them? One shop reported selling up to 200 of these things a week.
Children are the main consumers, some shops reported being asked to deep fry other candy bars, including snickers, which somebody just said only a moment ago, and can't wear these cream eggs.
Oh, I wonder if the Easter Bunny approves of that or not. I wonder what Jesus would think.
What would Jesus deep fry? Is that what that stands for? WWJD, what would Jesus deep fry?
Probably a camel.
Reports of the deep fried bars, bars emerged in 95 on a chip shop in the Northeastern Scottish Fitting, a fishing town in Stonehaven, said it was selling the delicacy.
News reports said the bar was the result of a bet between the shop, so in order for his portly best friend.
The original shop, the Haven, is now the Caron Fishing Chip, who cares?
We don't give a crap.
The deep fried is bad enough for you, you know? The frying. An instant recipe for death.
We had this order.
Chopra is thought of as chupid helper. Now one company says a new line of candy bars can help the hard to a different way promoting hard health.
This is from November 1st of last year. The headline is Mars, New Candy is Hard Healthy.
And I don't know that I've ever seen this. Maybe I've seen it and just ignored it because I didn't know what it was.
A dietician says that regardless of any potential benefits, the calories and chocolates still need to be counted.
And if you're a dietic like me and you're eating candy and ice cream, you have a death wish, you're a crazy person.
And I admit, I'm a crazy person.
Mars, saying it's newly launched Cocoa Via, have you ever seen that?
No.
It delivers real health benefits. Cocoa Via. The company says Cocoa Via's ingredients are formulated to promote a healthy heart.
Cocoa Via's the only product that contains a patented blend of heart-healthy cocoa flavonoids and cholesterol lowering plant sterols.
Wow!
Also fortified with calcium and a mix of hard-healthy nutrients including folic acid, vitamins B6, B12 CE and the much in the script.
All of these things.
Still, El Elisa Zai, the registered dietician's spokesperson for the American Dietic Association Cautions,
that calories are still calories and need to be watched.
All I'm watching them is I'm putting them in my mouth, I'm watching them very closely.
The company says you have to have about two of these bars of aid to get benefits.
You told early show co-lanker Harry Smith, oh this is old.
That'll pack on anywhere between 166 and 288 calories to get the full antioxidant of the benefits. That's a lot of calories from candy.
I'm going to go out to my neighborhood convenience store here during the break so I'll be back in about 20 minutes.
Don't do it.
Dark chocolate, Zai said, as twice as much flavono content as light chocolate and white chocolate has got no flavonoids and white chocolate.
First of all, it tastes like crap. It's sickeningly sweet and it's got no other benefits.
Other than that.
Am I you like white chocolate?
No, it's not.
I'm going to cut it in the whole wheat candy last night and unwrap what I thought was chocolate and white chocolate.
Ah, I threw it in the garden.
The problem is chocolate is a concentrated source of calories. The typical bar's got about two.
Well, I'm going to care about that.
Would you rather be healthier fat?
One more thing in chocolate's favorite, the fat in it doesn't contribute to high cholesterol.
It has a pretty good fat profile. It doesn't have an adverse impact on blood cholesterol.
Again, though, if you have to order some anthillum, some of that almond butter crunch or whatever it helped with, that's not what it's called.
Oh, man, I'm just addicted to that stuff so bad.
Don't do it.
The butter crisp or whatever it is, though, like toffee with chocolate on it.
Anyway, Z
It should be fine. It's when you eat chocolate and concert with other foods that are loaded with sugar, you start to have a problem with calories adding up.
So in other words, have two feet of chocolate just don't meet in ice cream with it, although if it's chocolate ice cream like fish food.
I would say the average person shouldn't have more than 250 more extra calories of candies, desserts, etc.
I had said, and the average candy bar is about 250.
So in other words, if you have a candy bar a day will keep the doctor away and give you good health.
Make your heart just throb.
Can you feel it throbbing? How about your heart?
So there you go. Why did I look that up?
It's your fault.
You got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Last week you got me shot on this candy cramp.
Some people don't.
I listened to Neil for years and years and I knew I was ready.
Yeah, you're ready.
You're ready for the looney bin honey.
807 votes on there.
I think we'll get to the thousand.
What do you think Josh?
I think we're going to make a thousand
spite of George being a dumbass.
Yeah.
That's what Josh said when you went out to do a joyce.
He said you were dumbass.
It's all true.
And by the way, Hank ain't going to be calling a mad dog a dumbass
just because mad dog Mr. Slight yesterday and was not in the ear.
We had yolts squeaking along for two hours.
Well that's okay.
I was just thinking about it for about four seconds.
If Hank calls anybody a dumbass, they're going to call him.
What's that?
Fat ass.
I'm serious.
I'm very concerned about him.
I know I've said this before but I don't think he's ever been this huge.
Has he ever been this big?
You see him every now and then.
Yeah.
You know we've known him for a long time.
Has he ever been as big as he is right now?
I mean, Gargantuan.
I don't think so.
On that racing show on Saturday on the Breeders Cup,
he just filled up the entire screen.
There were horses that didn't weigh as much as he did.
I'm sure of it.
Not that I'm not picking on him or anything like that.
I'm hoping that maybe the psychology just embarrassing him.
Of course, like he always brags about,
he doesn't have any food in the house.
He eats all his meals and restaurants.
You know what that's arrested before?
Early death.
The biggest name of the best challenge to the business
is Neil Rothgren for the radio 560.
Neil Rothgren is the best man in the world.
Neil Rothgren is the only Neil.
Neil Rothgren is the only Neil.
Neil Rothgren is the only Neil.
So that's your last question.
On that other hand.
Wake up in the morning and your breath smells bad.
Your hair is erect and your eyes are all cloudy and the can.
Zuck a SWAT in the sink.
Getting your car on the streets of crowd.
The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is up.
Get a flat tire and you're running against.
Oh, it's just another day.
It's just another day.
It's just another day.
A wish would end.
I want to tell you one of the most evil people in the history of mankind is Ben Ginsburg.
Are you watching MSNBC right now?
Uh, okay, yes.
You know who he is that uh...
No.
Right wing self-hating Jew with a red beard and the glasses and the B.D. eyes
He looks like he's going to kill somebody pretty soon.
Oh, no.
Think of your walking.
You're walking in the work and your boss is a drouch.
The workers all in losers, the copy and the viewers is the work.
They don't.
Get your race.
Get up the work and the streets are still crowded.
The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is still up.
Get a wreck with the church bus and the nuns are bleeding from their ears.
Oh, it's just another day.
Oh, right.
It's just another day.
It's just another day.
A wish would end.
You get home from work and the house is a disaster.
The kids are all screaming and the garbage needs to be taken out.
There's snowmends alone and it's definitely not yours.
So you start drinking early to forget all your problems.
And soon your plaster is going up in the bowl while the men's room is doing 360s around you.
You're drawing them big chug lands in your hair.
Oh, it's just another day.
It's just another day.
It's just another day.
Now which would end?
So you're lost in confusion you stumble about.
Wondering why you were born in such a stinking hell of old that you call life?
So you look for your gun.
And your hope is still loaded and you aim it at your gun.
And you slowly pull the trigger and...
All right.
Well, we're sure Mitchell Lewis is intensive.
In fact, we're going to be oldies intensive today.
Good.
Because it's selection day.
I'd like a holiday.
And of course, selection day ought to be a holiday.
They've been debating this for a long time.
That's right.
But we got important holidays, you know, like Columbus Day and...
I'll tell you the stupid day.
Yeah.
I'm a barber day.
President's Day and my ass.
But when something important like election day, well, we'll, you know, let's y'all
for like 10 minutes to go and vote.
But there's out 400 people online.
Well, too bad.
You're screwed.
I was reading some of the comments that people have already voted online.
I figured we'd hell it was reading them.
But anyway, I was reading them.
I guess I'm smoking chimp.
Virginia, they said there were too many Republican standing online.
And of course, it's not a good sign if Senator Makako was again.
That would be bad.
Would that be something if he wins?
That would be funny.
I mean, he's made more mistakes than our management.
If that's possible, more mistakes than your sales manager.
And yet he, who the hell knows?
The New York Times reported that Republicans are resigned to the idea of big losses.
And the latest polls appeared to validate those fears.
Party leaders say the best outcome they could first see was losing 12 seats in the house.
But that they're increasingly resigned losing at least 15.
And therefore, control the house of Democrats for the first time since 94.
Senate races have grown fluid, with Democrats saying they can gain up to 60s
and affect control of the house of the Senate.
They've grown fluid.
Several polls released today before the election.
Yesterday seemed to justify some of these assertions.
The Rothenburg Politico will be poor predicts the Democratic House gain of 30 to 36 seats,
where they Democratic Senate gain of 4 to 7 seats.
Virginia and Rhode Island.
Those are going to be my end of Montana.
Those of the three I keep in my fly open for.
Now, Missouri, it looks like Mkasko, she's open up about 4-point lead.
Because Jim Talent, who doesn't have any, he's stuck like at 45%.
Gallup's final pre-election poll predicts the likely 35 seat house pick-up of Democrats.
Via the court political report, Charlie Cook said it's very hard to imagine how the house majority does not turn over.
As he predicts a 20 to 35 seat gain for, see, I just don't understand why this is even debatable.
What's going on?
What's going on?
Also, Charlie Cook says a 4 to 6 seat gain for Democrats in the Senate and a 6 to 8 seat gain for Democrats in the governor's races.
Oh, I think Charlie Christo is going to win a Florida because we have to have a gay governor.
Hippocrate, phony, pasty, white-haired, can out of a can.
Of interest is the latest Evans Novak political report, talk about Nazi, where it's estimated Democrats will gain 19 house seats.
It's a sign of Republican sorry state writes the anxious obnoxious dottering Bob Novak, yet at this point this is actually a very favorable outlook for them.
Yet buried in the middle of the lengthy report is this.
The enormous Republican efforts to encourage early in absent voting could dramatically skew as it pulls.
Don't be surprised that the apparent results to the night are overturned by Wednesday morning in several close house races.
Also, expect a few recounts.
Oh, maybe they're dealing with machines again, mine.
You think they're dealing with their machines?
They wouldn't do that.
The National Republican Grasio Committee agreed to stop placing automated telephone calls to New Hampshire residents on the federal do not call, was a state official said.
This crap that they've been pulling here the November surprise, that's all they got left.
The committee voluntarily agreed Sunday to stop calling homes on the registry after the assistant complained to the state attorney general's office, which then spoke with the GOP group slurry in Washington.
Under state statute in New Hampshire, the political campaigns are allowed to contact people on the do not call list, but can't use automated recordings.
Deputy Attorney General Bud Fitch said households that are not on the registry may continue to receive the calls, which criticized Democratic congressional challenger Paul Hodes in his type race with the Republican representative Charlie Bass.
Bass on Sunday releases statement which he asked all outside groups to cease calls.
City was pleased that the NRCC agreed to stop the calls and the beat goes on.
They're all full of crap.
Slime and smear and smear.
Nobody's got any good ideas.
So that's all we can do is this one, this one like playboy playmates and white chicks and this one is this and this one is that and this one did steal freight train and all this other crap.
That's all they got.
Maybe that's why there's so many people don't vote. All they care about is themselves getting laid and stuff like that.
You know, and whether they're going to get their next meal, whether they're going to have enough money to buy all those candy bars.
Oh, well two out of three about 864 votes.
We'd already be over a thousand if you wouldn't have screwed up.
So it's good because then we'd have nothing to shoot for.
So you see, maybe you had like a premonition.
Well, that's not that queen Ken Melbourne on there.
Is it?
Figure it out how to develop an idea.
Oh my god. Look at her.
That's the way she's opening her mouth real wide.
I wonder if I'm guaranteed that's not the first time.
Let me tell you now about talking about smearing and smearing your carpets.
You got all kinds of stuff smeared and she got smeared in there because you know, you walk on them and you grind that stuff down into the fibers of your carpets.
That's why you need our good friends of dry concepts.
I've been using them for over 21 years or like a lifetime in all my different homes.
And you'll love using them too because they dry clean your carpets with sucks out even the deepest down dirt,
way down dirt and the fibers of your carpets that you can't see with naked eye,
and make your carpets look and feel and smell just like brand new, lemony fresh.
And your carpets will stay cleaner and last longer to as a result because they get all the deep down crap out of there.
And your carpets dry in just a couple of hours.
You're ready to rock and roll real soon.
You don't have to wait hours and hours for your carpets to dry.
And don't forget they do a spectacular job of cleaning your furniture, your poster, your draper, your area rugs,
or any other rugs, all of these things.
All of these things.
But the best of the world are cleaning your carpets and making them look like brand new.
And don't forget now, dry concepts is about a plan to make frequent cleaning easy at a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning too.
You'll never have a dirty carpet again.
If you use the great folks who dry concepts and please keep in mind no rip offs, no scams, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their spectacular job.
In Broward called rock concepts at 9.5.4.370.7778.
Tell them that ancient Neo told you to call 9.5.4.370.7778.
And indeed in Palm Beach it's a tool for you to call 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071.
The biggest name.
So let's go ahead and see this video Rogers.
For 205.60.
I'm tired of it.
It's open time.
It's a feeling.
I'm fast and leave.
Absolutely.
It's a feeling.
It's a feeling of having a smile.
The woman is into the old shoes.
It's a different life.
It's a shock.
It's a feeling of having a smile.
It's a feeling of having a smile.
It's a feeling of having a smile.
It's a feeling of having a smile.
You're free.
And freedom is beautiful.
It'll come back to restore chaos.
But we probably will.
So let's stay to the side of our houses.
So the tick goes faster as time goes.
So let's start the fall of the world.
So let's stay to the world before freedom is gone.
Let's stay to the world before freedom is gone.
So let's fall.
It's a feeling.
So let's stay to the world before freedom is gone.
It's a feeling of having a smile.
It's a feeling.
It's a feeling.
It's a feeling.
It's a feeling.
It's a feeling.
Okay, 1048, here's a good idea.
Where were mixed Lewis intensive today, aren't we?
What did I tell you?
Not a problem.
Okay.
He never stole a freight train.
He stole a company.
He just is though off the frame of the production studio.
He took him back when he was done with it.
880 votes on the pool today.
How much faith do you have in the votes being counted?
Yadi Yadiya.
There's a better chance to vote on our pool.
Be counted correctly than you vote the polls.
But give it a shot anyway.
Dozens of voters who came to the Geerfield Beach Tower Club
Teen Center to cast their votes this morning, walked away,
angry as 10 to 14 voting votes failed to work.
All of them for voters in District 23A.
I have two words for them.
Paper ballots, said election volunteer, John Miller 78,
who was said he worked at area elections in the past 10 years.
He said, I come from New England and they're still using
paper ballots and they have no problems.
Only three people have voted when all 14 machines
stopped working on.
After about 45 minutes, voters in precinct 26A
were able to cast ballots on four machines.
But most voters, those in precinct 23A,
walked until about 830 this morning when technicians
brought some machines back online.
Some bad machines mine.
In the meantime, many would be voters left pissed off.
Livided it says, but I say pissed off and fired up.
The problem, according to the Broward County Supervisor
of Elections Technician Charles Barnes
and others working there stem from the
thick square piece of hardware called a P E B that activates
each booth and must be used before each person votes.
The machines were not calibrated for the 7 AM
starting time, Barnes said, and why not?
Somebody ought to be taken out in a shot.
Barnes was there at 6 AM and was later joined by three others
from the Supervisor of Elections Orifice.
Once in two years voting comes in on the day
that voting machines break down,
said, provides Abdullah 45 manager of a subway shop
in Wellington.
It's ridiculous.
I wonder if the food there with that subway shop is a halal.
Gotta be.
It's ridiculous.
There's no option for me to come back another time
or a day.
It was supposed to be a nine in the morning.
Now I can't make it till 10.30 said, pervaze.
Hoding experts say scattered election glitches aren't
on common regardless of the temp assistant being used.
Robert Walker, 36, a project manager
for a communications contracting company,
got to the point places after it opened.
When he saw the problem he immediately called
Snipes or a Fist or Ask for Help.
This is completely, completely unacceptable.
Walker said, the woman knew for me online said,
okay, I'm screwed now.
I'm working for Lauderdale until whatever.
I can't come back.
One police officer Richard Fortunato from a town
in Broward County, it wasn't saying which one was being
very polite, but he said he didn't know if he could hold out.
I worked 16 hours yesterday and I have to be back
from another double shift at 2 p.m.
today, Fortunato said, I'm very tired.
We'll see what happens.
He's very unfortunate.
I know it sounds outside the floating place.
Clifft your monoway train director for local union
who is there on behalf of the Florida AFL CIO.
Handed out sheets with voting information.
He watched people marching in happy and marching out angry,
pissed off and fired up baby.
Am I right or what?
I mean, fired up when I hear someone say that.
The last couple of elections here at all the horror stories,
people turned away machines now working to your monowashit.
You would have thought they would have fixed
these problems by now.
Yeah, if you were very naive, Clifft,
if you were very naive, you would have thought
they would have fixed them.
What they are is incompetent.
They are absolutely unacceptable, but nevertheless.
I mean, why should anything be working on election day?
We only had like, you know, the whole two years
to get a fixed rule.
Like Clifft said, you better start taking
your Clifft notes, man.
How confident are you that all the votes will be counted
honestly today, 885 on a poll?
But it's not a bad number considering the late start
that George gave us.
You want to give us a handy crap.
A handy duet.
What is the embarrassment?
Are you picking on the Humphur again just because
you were sitting there?
No, I'm embarrassed, I don't know.
What you should be.
I couldn't, I couldn't believe it.
I'm read over here.
I walked in here.
I clicked the thing on to cast my vote.
And I looked at, I thought, well, I'll print out
yesterday's poll first.
And then I realized yesterday's polls
the one from two days ago.
Anyway, how confident are you that all of a vote?
All of a...
Oh, look at this.
So do you help tell a story?
We hire a director.
Originally, I switched to Geico to save money,
but then I was in a accident.
Yeah, that's right.
I was in an accident.
I got on the phone and called Geico.
Yeah.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
After a few days, I had my repair check.
It was fantastic.
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the coffee.
It's for the day.
Six-by-one first.
You care, right?
Geico, real service, real saving.
It's for the day.
Well, happy worth, Iverine.
Grow up already.
How confident are you all votes have be counted?
They're not at all 322.
Very skeptical and rightfully so.
Not very 309.
Not too confident.
Somewhat 153.
Very confident 55.
Boy, oh boy.
I don't give a shmit.
Look at that.
Look how many votes that's got.
30.
30. 30.
100% sure of 14.
Right.
And I hate this pool only 6.
Only 26%.
6.
How can you hit a pool about elections on election day, right?
Counting the votes?
They hate it.
They hate one.
Everything.
You name it.
They hate it.
Well, we didn't put that on there today.
You can't be hating on election day.
You can hate to be tarp, but that'll be for the money.
That'll be for the result.
We hate that.
We're pretty pissed off.
You know, because the Republican should have won all the seats.
You're Democrats should have won.
Or we should have kicked them all out.
Or we'd like that things to have kicked them out.
I don't know.
I'm sure Lewis was saying that.
Who is that?
They're very distorted.
Fifth, that he sent us?
Yes.
Why couldn't he have just said dumped?
Why did he do that?
You know these artists.
You can't be a hot to them.
Artists?
Artists.
A former leader with the Ku Klux Klan who was serving a life sentence for the fatal bombing
of a civil rights activist has died and custody after something a heart attack.
He was 82.
Oh, right.
Samuel Bowers, an imperial wizard of the White supremacist group, was convicted eight
years ago for ordering the 1966 murder of Vernon Dahmer senior who campaigned for black
rights during Mississippi States.
It's turbulent struggle for racial equality.
Mr. Dahmer, a champion of equal voting rights for black people died at the age of 58 after
being fire bombed outside his home in the middle of the night.
The attack also started as house and grocery store being torched.
Tara Booth, a spokesman for the Mississippi Department of Correction said that Bowers had
died yesterday at 11.30 in the morning.
The Mississippi State Penitentiary in Parchment, a sprawling prison carved out of the cotton
and soybean fields in the impoverished Mississippi Delta.
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud.
He was supposed to stay there until he died.
I guess he fulfilled that Ellie Dahmer, Mr. Dahmer's widow, said in response to his death.
He lived a lot longer than Vernon Dahmer did.
According to the court testimony from the 40-Trial in 1998, the Dahmer family woke up
on the night of the murder in the sound of blaring horns outside their home where they
found two carloads of clansmen waiting outside, not usually a very good sign.
Three is better.
Mr. Dahmer was targeted as he left the home keeping the extremist at bay with a shotgun
while his family fled, but the flames destroyed his lungs and he died in his wife's arms
about 12 hours later.
During the trial, Prosecutors claimed Bowers ordered the attack after becoming enraged
that Dahmer was trying to register blacks to vote.
Bowers lawyers claimed he had been sacrificed to the media in order to further the political
ambitions of Mike Moore, the attorney general at that time.
Earlier trials for Bowers, including at least two before all white juries, ended in a
deadlock with Case 1960, adding in a jury split 11-to-1 favor guilty verdict, while a
trial year later resulted in a 10-to-2 split in favor of conviction.
Bowers had a history of violence and service.
The six-year sentence after being convicted in 1967 on federal conspiracy charges violating
the civil rights and three civil rights workers.
The three men were stopped by clansmen while the Mississippi to register black voters
during 1964.
They were beaten and shot in buried in an earthen dam.
Why sure hope that Carl Rowe and the Ken Melmond, though, read this story today, given
some real good ideas of how to how to kind of like suppress the vote in today's election.
All you dark folks out there, you better watch it because the right way they'll do anything
they can to keep your ass home on election day and the rest of you too.
Vernon Dahmer, Jr., some of the activists now aged 77 said that Bowers had caused a lot
of pain, suffering, and death for many innocent individuals and families of my race.
During his life, he never apologized, raced for goodness for his actions.
Apparently he felt justified for what he did to as many victims he said.
Now that he's passed from this life, God will be the judge.
God!
God will be the judge.
He'll be sitting up there with his robes on like Judge Judy.
Nagging and nudging.
Did you do these things?
Did you really do the job?
Nudging, like only a woman can do it.
Nagging and nudging and poking and prodding, annoying.
And of course that's what the Bowers is learning.
910 votes.
So they're sending to Makakoowitz voting.
So because of Senator Allen once arriving star in the world.
Please show Senator Makakoowitz where to stick the domes dial us.
Yeah, where to stick it.
Oh, they look at that.
Let's talk about Christy Sissy.
Look at that Tucker Carlokiter.
I'm not a woman, but that's that voter intimidation.
Oh my God.
You know, one thing about MSNBC, I was thinking about that this morning.
They got some of the most unbelievable people don't belong on here.
Chris Matthews who took out the side of his mouth and talked about politics.
Can't say L's.
He's politics, but he sure is loud.
And he got to read across beyond here.
And of course in the morning they got, you know, you're by your home.
Dead man, dead man, the chair.
That's what I'm going to say.
I think one thing for a dead guy, he charged that gun pretty good.
The biggest news is the best talent.
The best is the O'Rodgers for 205 City.
O-A-M.
This is the new O'Rodgers show.
This is your brain.
What?
Any questions?
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
It's 11-11-560W.
We got the mad dog who's a dumbass from missing his play yesterday.
But he's back.
That's what Johnson said.
He said, mad dog's a dumbass.
He's back, I guess, to do two to four today.
We certainly don't want another repeat of yesterday.
Oh my god, I sure missed that.
Then we got the power hour with the Humper and the Mad Dog four to five.
And the Humper Rousseau O-5 is seven.
Seven to seven thirty, we got opening tip with Bimbo Kool's before the Heat Game.
Even though we don't carry the Heat Game, which is some of the dumbest programming I ever saw in my life,
we got a mish from seven thirty to ten while the Heat Game is on because we're like just...
We're just, you know, advocating our responsibility at that point.
We're just throwing in the towel.
It did slightly, um, forfeit.
A forfeit?
You say that, like a forfeit?
Yes.
And then at ten o'clock we got Heat, we wind with Bimbo Kool's assuming the Game is over by ten o'clock.
And if not, we'll, you know, whatever.
And then at the end of the Heat Game at ten thirty.
After we finish with the Bimbo.
I'm patty, man.
And we, LaughClar, I think Clarence can get us down into the ones, except on this show.
But I mean, the rest of the day I think he can get every day part down into the ones, or less.
Remember when we started seeing some numbers and act like when the sun was shining in the middle of the daytime star with a...
Oh!
Oh my goodness. Remember those days?
I do have a contemporary.
This is long.
Oh, Lee, Moli, Clarence.
He's like a magician.
This is the only guy I know that could take a five-sure and turn it into a 0.5.
What's the point, Clarence?
Uh.
Doug Thompson on capitalhealblue.com, right?
It's a national referendum on America's soil.
It's short and it's sweet.
It's his thing.
He says, now it's your turn.
We be in the media, or I mean we in the media, be it traditional or non-traditional, new or old, print broadcast or web have done our job.
We reported on the issues highlighted the problems that confront the country and spotlighted the crooks, liars and now contents.
We their hold or seek power.
We've done all we can do now. It's up to you.
We've suggested as much as rational analysis should allow the factors that could in perhaps should determine how you might vote.
But in the end of the decision is yours and yours alone.
Our Republicans built a simple premise of majority rule.
A majority of those who go to the polls in most cases determine who leads this nation at the local state and national levels, those who serve this premise must face the music every two, four or six years.
Now the fate of those individuals rests in your hands, but this election is about much more than just two wins or loses a seat in Congress.
The state legislature of the governor's mansion.
This election now more than ever is a referendum on our nation's soil, a historic opportunity to try and regain lost glory in the power of people to control their own destinies.
America caught an advice for the single party rule in a stampede over our freedom's constitutional guarantees and democracy driven illusions has drifted off a course in a bermuda triangle of greed, corruption, lust for power.
Those who directed America's decline from a great nation worthy of worldwide respect and turned us into an arrogant international bully with Kellis this regard for law, human life and moral values should and must be held accountable, to which I would say.
Absolutely.
This is not a simple minded course correction as so many midterm elections become, but a gut-wrenching hard core look inward at ourselves along with a bell of driven revolution that if successively comes a first step and taking America back to those who hijack the Constitution.
We, the journalist, have punted the bloggers all the others who try to get beyond the partisan blather and expose the truth can only help bring America to this poor election day.
This is the day when the shouting stops the negative ad seeds to dominate the airwaves and the spin machine stops whirling if only for a day.
Today in fire houses, rescues, squads, schools, gymnasiums, other pointing places across this nation, you decide the future of this grand experiment called the American Democratic Republic.
Good luck, you said.
Should have said good luck, you'll need it.
And especially as I'm seeing George and Laura walk into the plane there in Crawford, Texas.
Are they going to Air Force One? Is that what is in these waves and that stupid wave you always wave in like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, but if 21
to me.
Hey, over to George.
You brought in his lesson day, but I'm sure that.
Let him 15 at 5.60 WQM now.
I could go down and get that package.
It's, I'm sure of it.
It's a FedEx.
So you know what it is.
It's the book of distance.
Got all that good stuff in it.
And maybe it's just some of those interesting DVDs
that people send, which we thank you for so much.
I didn't give him any this time.
Any what?
DVDs.
I thought you said that you put a lot of stuff in that package.
Is that a different one?
No, no.
I see him today.
In other words, the package that you get on Tuesday
is last week.
Oh, it's old like me.
That makes you trying to say it's old like me.
That's old like me.
You know, I could always call Amazon.com and say,
you know that order I sure hope you didn't ship it.
I know they ship it.
I know they ship it.
You know, they ship it that minute.
So yeah, it's on the way.
We've already got a confirmation on it.
Voters put to be a public and congressional majority
in a multitude of new voting equipment to the test today
and an election that defined a balance of power
for the rest of the Bush presidency.
Oh, both parties hustle to get their supporters out
and high-stakes contest across the country.
Democrats are peeling one more time for change
and if they're incompetent, the mood was on their side.
And if it's not, boy, they'll remember what,
they couldn't win a fixed election
if they can't win this one.
I mean, between the back and between Katrina
and between all of the stuff, between the Patriot Act,
everything that's going on.
Republicans can see that nothing is their vote
to get out the vote machine, swung into motion.
About a third of voters were using new equipment
and problems in several states
were reported right out of the gate.
The government deployed a record number of poll watchers
to the many competitive races across the country,
which is delayed voters in dozens of Indiana and Ohio precincts,
all Ohio that's famous for a hanky spanky.
In Delaware County, Indiana, officials plan to seek a quarter
under which send voting after an apparent computer error
prevented voters from casting ballots in 75 precincts.
They want to keep the polls open, extra, extra late.
Florida officials working to avoid a repeat
of the vote counting debacle of 2000,
peeled an extra voting machines, paper ballots and poll workers,
of course, like I said, in Delray Beach, they got tourists.
In the Jacksonville suburb of Orange Park, Florida,
voters were forced to use paper ballots
after an electronic machine broke.
It was a bad machine man.
Voting at sunrise, bus switched from partisan campaigners
to democracy's cheerleader
as the important Americans of all political unions
to cast ballots so we can impeach his ass.
We live in a free society and our government is only as good
as the willingness of our people to participate.
Bush said his wife Laura at his side
and I voted sticker on the lapel of his brownsway jacket
and also a big one as a fat-dome ass.
Therefore, no matter what your party affiliation
or if you don't have one, do your duty cancer ballot
and let your voice be heard, said the Bush might do
as if he really meant it.
In other words, if you like fascism both for us,
that's what he was really saying.
Mm-hmm.
Now this is really cute.
Naked man arrested for concealed weapon.
It sounds like an oxymoron to me.
But nevertheless, the man was arrested on suspicion
of carrying a concealed weapon
after police found a mob doors naked
and told him he had a tool in his...
Reckon!
Wow, authority said.
I'm sure it wouldn't be the first time.
Maybe it was a samurai sword.
The man was lying on a tree stump masturbating
beside a nature pat near a Bay Area rapid transitation
through the police said, stumps me.
John Sheen, 33 of Pittsburgh,
that's not Pittsburgh Pennsylvania,
it's Pittsburgh, where is this from?
It's Pittsburgh with a G on the end of the way.
Uh, where is that?
I don't know.
Well, Google it, you lazy slurred.
Where is it?
I don't know, I'm making it.
Pittsburgh, Florida, my ass.
John Sheen was initially arrested on suspicion
of indecency and exposure,
but when I asked whether he was carrying anything
police should know about,
she and mentioned the tool said,
El Serito Detective,
what does Must- be California?
El Serito Detective Corporal Don Horgan.
Is it?
It's California.
Well, I mean, El Serito,
do we have like any of those Hispanic men?
No, we don't.
You can't get much more concealed than that, Horgan,
in some other words, he shoved it up his rectum.
Officials threw their weapons and firefired
and recalled the scene.
She and her move a six-inch metal all wrapped
in black electoral tape without incident.
He removed it from his rectum,
ass.
Wow.
I'm surprised he got it all in there.
She and it was a parole from a state prison,
I think, was then booked into jail
and suspicion of parole violations
and indecency and exposure and one phone account
of possessing a concealed weapon in his ass.
When you're talking about an all or an ice pick
and you're dealing with somebody who's fresh out
of prison, it's a weapon.
That's a stab against him and he said,
well, you sure want to be putting no ice pick in there,
would you?
Or an all?
No.
Even have?
You might sprinkle a little all in there,
do they still make all like watching the truth?
Absolutely.
What did you say?
Absolutely.
It was not immediately clear what she and was on parole
for a person answering the phone of jail
frightened I didn't know whether she had a lawyer.
And he's got one, but he's in there too.
It's getting busy in there.
You don't look like that bit about George Michaels.
You're not crowded back.
982 votes on the poll.
You see, you have little faith.
Now, we're just ruling along here like we actually
have an audience out there in spite of clearance,
in spite of all his hanky spanky,
all his machinations.
By the way, if you had a conversation with anybody
about his ultra long rejoins that are not going
to continue going on.
No.
Well, why not?
I haven't done only didn't he forget to like reset the
poll and put the new one on there yesterday,
I've known which cost is probably 50 million votes,
but he also hasn't taken care of business.
I'll go do it right now.
God.
Okay, I'll tell you what, you go do that and I'll go down
get that tacky.
All right.
And we'll just leave George hanging.
You're on draft.
I got the spots ready to go, man.
And then what?
I'll play a really long bit.
Yeah, you probably will too.
I can just imagine when probably the candy wrapper.
Probably.
Yeah, I got it right here for you.
The candy wrapper.
Can I continue with my important ramblings and readings
and the rantings here if you must?
If you must.
Well, I must.
What's more important than that is that Vokobrine just
reminded me that he put a DVD in there of the most recent
episode of American Dad that I told you about that you must watch.
Oh, it's funny.
Okay.
You're a lot better going on to get the pack you learned.
I got a really great idea.
Here's what I can't do it.
I know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to do a strange thing.
Not ever or not.
I'll do it on the next break.
Next break, I could get the package.
Okay.
Well, because I don't have any live in the next break.
And I actually have one this break, which I know is very unusual.
By the way, Todd directs the working there.
I sure sell hope not.
He's around.
He is so evil man.
He is so evil.
But you know what?
I got even with him now.
I'm talking about don't you?
What are you talking about?
Yes, I do.
Iraq, racked by violence since the 2003 U.S.
led invasion and the impoverished Haiti, Myanmar, which most
of us knew is Burma and Guinea.
Our ranked is the most corrupt countries in the world of new
survey.
There they go.
Pick it on them.
Guinea's again Finland, Iceland and New Zealand are ranked
as the least corrupt would Denmark, Singapore and Sweden just
behind.
How do you like that?
Finland, Iceland and New Zealand, they least corrupt.
Berlin based corruption watchdog transparency, transparency
international TI ranks 163 countries based on perceived levels of corruption
among public officials and politicians in its 2006 corruption
perceptions index the CPI Haiti, the forced country in the
Americas was ranked just below Iraq.
Haiti was last.
Myanmar and Guinea reflecting what the I said was a high correlation
between violence, poverty and corruption.
The survey suggests that corruption Iraq is very bad.
The I.T.
executive David Nusbaum told Reuters.
Nusbaum.
Huh.
When you have high levels of violence, not only the security breakdown,
but so did checks and balances law enforcement and the functioning
of institutions like the judiciary and legislature, it's all if all
that's under strain, the very system that works to prevent corruption is
undermined.
Iraq has suffered rising sectarian violence and bloodshed since the invasion
no kidding.
Keeping pressure on George Bush and the elections today.
Nusbaum pointed US engineering giant backtell corporations this
last week to pull out of Iraq as a sign of just how bad the security
situations become 52 backtell employees have been killed in
Iraq since 2003.
Haiti is played by armed gangs despite the presence of UN forces
brought in after the 2004 ousting of former president John Bertrand
R. Steve just ahead of Haiti in Iraq at the bottom of the rankings
to Sudan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Chad and Bangladesh.
Sudan, that's where they have those macacas.
It puts out in a maconcoids that's where his mother was from.
The I said several countries had a significant worsening of their
ratings including Brazil, Cuba, Israel, Jordan, Laos,
Seychelles, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia and the USA.
Oh no, I significantly worsening of its ratings the US on the
corruption scale.
Keep that in mind on election day.
How come then I'm talking a lot more about Katrina?
How come then I'm talking about the Duke Duke cutting hammer?
How come then I'm playing Duke Duke by do by Earl Chandler Duke of
Earl huh?
I don't know because we don't really see that much about the individual
campaigns in all these different states, but it just doesn't seem as
usual.
Democrats are really zeroing in on the level of I mean the Republicans
got more baggage here than you get on a 747.
I mean it's just unbelievable.
There is a gene Chandler in the smack medley of his smash.
Duke Duke Duke, go ahead and play a parody on that.
What do we got?
We do.
What does it call?
Pukin Hurl.
No, get out of here.
Trust me.
How do you know that?
I got a good memory, although when it comes to change the pole.
I don't have that in here.
I ain't got no Pukin or Hurl.
Huh?
See that?
We've got to have that.
That's the one.
I got this.
I got Pukin Sack.
Yes, you have Regis.
All right.
Let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Well, you only times we played that.
But third man.
Now, have you ever heard a popular rap song in the radio and thought,
heck, I could do that.
If so, you're probably right.
All it takes is a little ambition.
Some karaoke-esque musical back-up in 1995.
Yes, I left out talent for a reason.
With a puff daddy rap along CD said,
you'll be hitting it just like some of the top rap stars of today.
So we don't have no Pukin or Hurl, huh?
That's not the one I was thinking of anyway.
I'm sure there's another one.
Anyway, somebody maybe chicken echo all I think of it.
Maybe it'll just make one up during the break.
26 past 11 at 560 WM Jim Mandage will be here at 2.
Did Ray about that great dog and victory?
No, he won't.
He knows better.
He knows that that was an aberration and that possibly was like an early Christmas gift
from RxWorseman and the Bears who missed the they missed the team bus to the stadium in Chicago.
Don't you hate people say Chicago?
Jess and my yellow.
I do like that Chicago style piece of them.
Hmm, a deep dish.
Why what is with this food thing to label your band?
Yeah, you and that candy.
You started with that FLM with that other.
I just want to get you a coffee.
What?
I said, I'm not to get you 95 votes on the pool after the break.
Well, I've over a thousand.
I can go down the next break and get that to the disc and then I can go in the other room and watch the DVD.
What is it?
I'm going to see American dad.
Oh, cute.
It's great.
Not as cute as Max point though.
You're going to love that movie.
Yeah, all of all the movies you've ever sent me.
This is the best one.
I'm telling you, I'm a scumbag right now.
That's because Scarlett Johansson's in it.
That's good enough for me.
Just just see I shouldn't have told you that about Woody Allen.
I don't know if you hate it.
I'm sorry.
I mean, I got tired of it.
He's not in it.
There's no fetching.
It's not in the you walk.
It's not in the Yorkie, Julie.
It's got none of that Woody Allen's sticking it.
Good.
In fact, it seems so far so far removed from anything he's ever done or even thought of.
It's like maybe they just made that up.
I tell you one thing I'm not making up and that is lobster fest is back every Friday through Sunday.
Every weekend at the Emerald Coast, the best Chinese buffet in all South Florida.
And the Emerald Coast got three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, Pember Pines and sunny Isles too.
Over a hundred different items featured on the fabulous Emerald Coast buffet.
Six gourmet soups, juicy, delicious New York Stig Real Order, just the way you love it.
Hand-carved prime rib.
There's a sushi bar, traditional Asian dishes, a salad and even a...
Sear bar.
And the dessert bar is really spectacular.
Weekends, feature the 40-inch Mothwatering Chocolate Fountain.
Hand-dipped strawberries, marshmallow, cheesecake, stick-alc, I'm kind of a great decadent treats in there
and loads a milk chocolate for dessert,
a perfect ending to a big feast at the Emerald Coast, which still uses only healthy cholesterol-free canola oil, never any MSG.
And right now when you go in as a party of fore-ass for the Neal Deal,
you get $5.60 set off your total check with four paying adults.
$5.60, got it? Good.
Emerald Coast opened for lunch in an inner everyday call, 9.5.4.
5.7.2.38.22 for reservations that's 9.5.4.
5.7.2.38.22.
And don't forget, every day is a Neal Deal day and every Friday through Sunday at Slopster Fest only
at the Unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
The feast name, so best challenge to the thesis, real Rogers, 4.205.6QAM.
Good. George Rodriguez, milk him.
We got our thousand and four votes.
We can go home.
See ya.
I'm gonna go and go, gonna do my thing at duty.
You've got a good win at the lecture means everything to me.
Yeah, I found deer and talk to people at the mall and they were still.
News races too close to call.
I'll be depressed at my imagination, cause there ain't no cure for election days.
Well, the poor man told me so we really need your money.
Without your generosity, we can win Tuesday.
It is given not the cancer, got the shock of my life.
The center was called with a woman, not his wife.
Now I know what can a day go to lose, and there ain't no cure for election day, too.
Oh, look at that. Look at this potter and sewer today.
What? He's another one looks like somebody stuck that bicycle pump in the back of his neck and blew up his head.
Mark Potter, she is looking really bad.
Some of the voting problems that you're hearing about down there.
Well, what we're hearing basically from poll watches is that things in food are actually going rather smoothly,
although there have been a few glitches.
Some polling places opened a bit late.
There was a power outage on Keebe's cane in the area of a voting precinct,
but we're told that because there was back a power, they were still able to keep voting there,
but there was a concern initially.
In Deerfield, Beijing, or Fort Lauderdale, some of the machines didn't work initially because of calibration problems.
Most of these problems that I'm telling you about were eventually fixed.
It didn't take too long. It took a while.
And because of that, some voters were inconvenienced, and of course we're less than pleased.
Well, that's what I was going to say. Just calm down. She's looking really bad in this potter.
Anyway, 26 to a moon at 560 WQM.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to play that.
Okay.
And then you can go directly in the break.
I'm not going to be here to play the Q all the way.
It might be. It's a 509. So I probably will be back.
You know me. I'm quick.
Although it depends on how quickly elevator is. Not fast. I mosey on down there and race down the hall.
You think I'm going to be doing it right down the hall now?
Q up the Q. I'm going to put the Q on there.
You understand that that bit isn't in the DC.
Oh, I thought everything was in the DCS up there.
I'm going to take a five minutes of space on air for a song.
I'm going to put like once every six years.
Don't worry about it.
Deal Rogers. Go.
I'll hit the George Rodriguez. No good.
Yeah, you hit it whenever you feel like it.
Oh, in other words, Josh can't play the boss without the Q.
You know what you're talking about?
We can do whatever the hell we want to do.
You're getting a 508.
See, there you go.
I mean, I just keep hitting it.
I mean, we're the closest ones to following a format on this station.
So this station's got a format.
Could have fooled me.
Looks like like Mint's Lewis' looks like a cat took a squat on it.
Especially those rejoins.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, oh my god.
It is pain, painful.
Snoop Dogg was arrested.
It was booked Monday on a single felony count of possession of a deadly weapon after, filed after security officers at John May International Airport found that collapsible baton and his carry-on luggage is that big one.
The 35-year-old rapper, a man outside of you, he looks like the cat took a squat on the shoulders.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
He's looking good.
The 35-year-old rapper was real name is Calvin Broder, turned himself over to authorities at...
The Orange County jail yesterday morning was expected to post 150 grand bail.
If convicted, he could be sentenced to three years in prison.
The September 27 incident occurred as Snoop Dogg prepared to take a flight to San Francisco.
At the time of his arrest, he told deputies, the baton was a prop for a movie, as spokesman for the Sheriff's Office to say.
The weapon charged with file thru's day for an arrest warrant, and an arrest warrant was issued.
Snoop Dogg's attorney Donald Ecker's call the charge bogus baby, like hip music, bogus...
Snoop's...
Snoop's person, Meredith Hoselleven, said in the statement yesterday that Snoop welcomes an expedited trial,
which the reveal that these charges are completely unwarranted.
Last month, the rapper was arrested at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank for investigation of illegal drug and gun possession.
He posted 35 grand bail ordered to appear in court December 12th.
How can you be a real rapper without being having drugs and guns, right?
It's all part of the image.
And a big, perhaps,able baton.
So there you go. There's the Snoop Dogg, latest on his ass, okay?
Lawyers from both sides preparing for legal challenges, you see, now this is what goes on.
In an election that ought to be a landslide, people ought to be ready for a revolution right now.
You know what I'm saying? What do you think?
You'd think, but no.
You would think so in a country of educated people...
Well, that's funny part.
Okay, don't forget your point of view.
And don't forget to change your fall.
And don't forget to change your underwear.
You should fit in all the money you have to go.
Who's the man who hired an old criminal?
You know why that shall be? You hide behind your toes.
We're in the back, we're in the wind, there's a storm.
A wide gap is in our hands and war.
That should be a great day to find.
And until then we try to stay on hold.
We're in every corner in the country.
Half the life we've ever had and half the love of us.
We're in every corner in the country.
We're in every corner in the country.
We'll do all that we have in this country.
We'll do all that we have in this country.
I'm going to tell you yesterday that some of them are as a prime suspect.
I know that this story is something I must have done.
Well, I want you to know I want a one-justice.
I'm going to tell you that I'm a prime suspect.
Well, it's about six weeks.
I'm going to tell you yesterday that some of them are as a prime suspect.
Well, I know I didn't say that there was a direct relationship with the second.
No, there's a direct relationship.
No!
Well, you're the one that has chosen me.
No, we're just going to come out and look pretty well.
Well, this is hatred and justice for our teams, or blitz.
I don't want to tell you what I said.
I don't want to tell you what I said.
Well, I'm just going to tell you what I said.
Well, although we've not found the right house in place.
The family is not sure where we came from.
We're just going to tell you what.
I don't want you to know where you're now.
The world is not America.
Well, that's the end piece of land.
I'm Jackie.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge of death and death and death.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
The best thing in this package is this article about Charlie Christie.
The judge got it before the election.
The judge got it before the election.
Deal good.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
I'm the judge.
The Congress in Mark Bolin gave me a goose on my side.
But I prefer that he wanted to give his kisses to my side.
I told him he would take me out of my corner.
He'd a morally public man of honor.
He knew of his kid, but to put his hands on lips on my side.
Welcome.
He asked my opinion of what I like and not.
He liked the better on the bottom of the child.
And why he takes a little time to the side position.
Here comes Chuckie.
Who's been wide?
I like the fine young man to place his softest movements on my side.
All the chatroom dudes I want stuck like me with my side.
Oh, why was my lesson as a boy?
And I'm a heavy drinker.
There's a plausible flaw ahead.
I knew I made it as a page when a hand was placed on my side.
Was it terrible to lay or say nay to a page whose hand is placed on my side?
Come on, it's still known we got a natural.
It's 12 before 12.
We got 1,050 votes.
10.50.
That's WMGM.
WHN New York WSCHUM.
Who?
Chum.
So anyway, thanks to Shirley and Helen Bill Beach, who sent us the entire article.
Charlie Christie is not great in the show.
The picture on the cover where looks like he's flying with a umbrella.
He's flying, baby.
Like Ray Charlie.
You're fair.
That is some picture.
Let me tell you.
Very poppins, I guess.
And the headlines says Charlie Christie is not.
Not in red letters.
Not gay.
And other things Republican Party wants you to believe on election day by Julia Ryshell.
And it's much, much, much too long for me to read on the show.
Okay.
In addition to which what do I need to read it for?
We all know that Charlie is gay.
Right.
Like this folie.
Same thing.
Oh no, he's not.
He's not.
Okay, whatever you say.
Thanks again, Shirley, for the new times, Articles.
From the Broward Palm Beach New Times, October, where's it?
19-25.
It's pretty obvious which one it is.
It's the one with Charlie flying on the cover.
What is umbrella?
So while your kids out there for just getting nice umbrella like Charlie, you can fly.
Cuba's foreign minister step back yesterday from an earlier assertion that Fidel Castro would return to power in December.
And to climb to say whether the alien Cuban leader would be rolling up to attend next month's celebration of his 80th birthday.
How do you like that?
That old bastard is 80 years old.
Less than too much after telling the AP expected Castro to be fully back at the helm in early December.
Felipe Perez-Rocque said he could not discuss when Castro would return.
It's a subject on which I don't want to speculate.
The minister told the AP in an interview.
Castro's return will come in.
It's the right moment.
Perez-Rocque said he meets with Castro frequently and the Cuban leader is steadily recovering from his intestinal surgery.
He'd look good.
I see that as recovery's advancing.
He said we are optimistic and happy.
The only ones who are sad are our enemies and we're all prepared to celebrate who we're all prepared to celebrate.
It's a little premature evaluation there.
They weren't dancing in the streets of South Florida where they, I sure hope not.
I don't know.
They were chickens before they hatched.
That would have been silly.
Up until his illness, Castro was known for micromanaging projects leading massive marches along the Mollikon coastal highways that Mollikon.
Yes.
And giving our long speeches.
Hours long.
Perez-Rocque had a climb to speculate whether the Cuban icon would ever be such an active leader again.
Whether things would be like before is a very difficult topic, the minister said.
I don't have the information that the capacity to say.
He said.
Incredible.
Castro's not made any public appearances since July 26th when he announced he'd had to go surgery and temporarily transferred power to his younger brother Raul.
The Cuban government has treated Castro as a state secret, releasing only sporadic videos and photos to prove that he's recovering.
He's looking to good.
The wind was a mountain low, thank you.
A video released late October on Stairron Television showed the Cuban leader defiantly denying rumors he was on his deathbed.
Yet some Cuban say there was a press to see how frail he was.
He looked bad.
Castro turned 80 August 13, but when he announced his surgery, he said celebrations would be late until December the 2th.
Perez-Rocque told the AP in the New Yorkon September that expected Castro to be back by early December.
I have no question in my mind that we'll be able to celebrate his birthday in December as he deserves.
He said at that time.
But yesterday, he refused to speculate on whether Castro, on one capture, might return saying only the important thing is his recovery, which he's doing in a serious and persistent manner.
The transfer of power to Raul went smoothly, while many Cubans grumbled about economic struggles on the island.
They seemed to have set the younger pastor with their leader, albeit temporarily.
Perez-Rocque acknowledged that the Cuban government faces some discontent, even said some changes could be on the horizon.
The Cuban government and leadership of the Communist Party are aware of and share those worries about difficulties with the quality of life of the people.
He said all of our efforts are focused in the direction of finding solutions to these problems.
While Perez-Rocque said the U.S. trade embargo was first to blame for scarcity of goods and lack of economic opportunity on the island, he also acknowledged Cuban errors and insufficiencies.
This is our economy required that we make the decision to change some things to fix what is wrong.
Yes, he said yes, and it can be done in the right moment.
Now we said yes.
Have servers unspecantly and under a more permanent leadership by Raul Castro?
Cuba might adopt an economic model based on China, which is also communist, but is increasingly open markets.
In Cuba, there will always be a Cuban model for Perez-Rocque said they didn't explicitly reject the possibility of some opening as in the island's economy.
The four ministers among half a dozen officials granted special responsibilities by Castro when he transferred power, the collective leadership led by the 75-year-old Raul has been functioning well, he said.
For us young ones, it's not only been a privilege, but also more schooling said the 41-year-old, who was put in charge of monitoring the budgets for Cuba's health education and energy programs, along with central bank President Francisco Subodn and Vice President Carlos Lughi, who is 55.
Much of punks, much of young moopers, nappers, what do they know? I mean, Hyman Roth could teach him all the things or two.
Do you think?
Yes, he can set all things.
Not about acting though.
But about them hotels.
Oh, look at this.
Let me see what this might. This could be something big from Eli Perizer.
Is that how you say it?
Parasite.
Eli Perizer.
Okay.
He says today we can make history. There are millions of progressives and close races.
You don't even need to know where to vote.
If you call them they'll vote if they...
Yeah. Okay. Just take 20 minutes to start calling. Just call everybody you know.
Tell them to vote. Right?
Right.
Go vote.
Unless you want to vote Republicans, stay in hell home. It's going to be like a bad stuff out there.
You're going to get run over by a truck.
When Americans go to vote today, a new breed of activists will be on guard monitoring polling stations for everything from voting machine glitches to long lines to registration snappos.
There's nothing worse than a snappos.
Energized by disputed results in 2000 and 2004 they have left jobs as music conductors, real estate agents and software engineers,
perform groups that expect to turn out thousands of volunteers who don't trust the companies and ability to count its votes and decide to do something about it.
Stuff that I don't trust or ability to count the votes. I don't trust their integrity. How's that? I think they're much accrux.
This is going to be the most heavily watched election in history predicts Mary Beth Cousnick, who founded a group called Vote PA after the 2004 election amount of your voting issues in Pennsylvania.
Ms Cousnick, a former arts educator, calls herself a progressive but says vote PA includes members of both major parties, two minor parties and independence.
Many of the groups share liberal roots to members smarting from the neurodemocratic losses in the last two presidential elections.
But they also share Ms Cousnick's assurances and the tax and lobbying status. They requires them to be nonpartisan that they simply want to see a clean count.
Nothing like a clean count baby. That's what Dracula said. Kind of hard to do when you're in the middle of all of them, spider webs.
I don't care who wins. I just want to know what's democracy says. Warren Stewart, policy director of Vote Trust USA and umbrella organizing.
I wonder if that's the same umbrella Ms Chris was holding on as she was flying through the year. I doubt that. Vote trust USA and umbrella for 70 grassroots groups like vote PA that lobby legislators and Warren voters about election issues.
Two of the bigger groups, the election project coalition and voter action will snap call centers where they feel the voter contains to their 866-hour vote.
And eight, eight, eight save vote, SAV vote numbers and the spat-a-large to any trouble spots.
Video of the vote is enlisting citizen journalists to film polling place problems. The lawyers committee for civil rights underlaw and people for the American way among election protection members.
Voter action is a legal rights group started by California lawyer Lowell Finley who sued voting machine maker Debold over software security.
Debold recently paid 2.6 million to California as part of settlement of the lawsuit. And it goes on and on.
Everybody's going to be watching this. They're going to be watching that. But it will, right?
Right. Who is that? That is Mr. Richard Slesinger. Is it there on MSNBC?
But I do think that either way, whichever side ends up tipping the balance here, I think that's here if you used to work for CBS.
Say they want a direction because they're new direction because they're looking at 08.
And worrying that the result of 06 could be a prediction.
The meeting that we've been doing. Ron Brown, same. Thanks very much.
So Ron Brown's team looks just like Richard Slesinger now. Sorry Ron. Hey Ronny.
You're fairly. Same difference.
1157, we got the mad dog or two. Is the dolphins are on their way to sweep in the table, baby.
Get the room job.
The best challenge for this is the O'Rodgers 4.560.
Oh, we got a little problem here.
Oh, what could that be? Not the audio call again.
Oh, yeah.
Does that music?
Huh? Oh, yeah.
An honor in your birthday.
Although this might be older than you.
So what are we going to do now? We're going to listen to this for the next 20 minutes while you're on the show.
No, you can fire up the bed or we could go on the show or you could read another story or we could do a judge tell us.
Or I can go back to bed.
I can be up like a judge.
We all feel like going back to bed today.
Why is your waning? I saw the radar.
Are you ready?
Since number C-L-0501531.
If you still not refinance your mortgage because you don't want to spend thousands of dollars in closing costs, well, you're smart.
Paying the closing cost is a racket and a ripoff.
I'm John Chibley, president of Linux Financial.
We'll refinance your mortgage and pay all your closing costs down to the last dime.
We're not going to roll them into the loan. We actually pay them for you.
If you walk in with a $300,000 loan, you're going to leave with a $300,000 loan.
Listen, you're going to spend thousands of dollars in interest over the life alone.
We're making plenty of cash. We don't have to stick it to you for the closing cost.
Now's a great time to get out of those arms.
Prime is up 2%, lie boards up 2%, don't wait around until these things bury you.
If you got a $200,000 or $300,000 mortgage, your payment's going to go up several hundred dollars.
Get out of that arm, convert it to a fixed and do it with no closing cost.
You hit a home run with that adjustable mortgage.
Now it's time to bail.
Linux Financial will convert your arm to a fixed and do it with no closing costs.
The biggest no-brainer in the history of earth.
Call Linux Financial 954-653-3900.
That's Linux Financial 954-653-3900.
I'm football fans.
I'm really having Burger King want you to have Super Bowl 41 tickets.
Stop by any participating Burger King restaurant each week.
And look for that week's special WQAM text message code.
Then text that keyword to 254-30.
And you'll be automatically entered for a chance to win.
The tickets to Super Bowl 41 at Dolphin Stadium.
Unless you'll also be entered for a chance to win.
See your favorite hometown team in Ocoano Orange.
Telling your QAM and Burger King will be giving away 25 pairs of TVs to each home game at Dolphin Stadium.
Have it your way.
25 pairs of TVs to each regular season home game and a pair of tickets to Super Bowl 41.
From Burger King and 4205-60-QAM.
So it's the 10th December 31st.
See if it's your rules of participating Burger King restaurant for complete details.
Chelest Yo-Yo Ma, one of the great stars of classical music,
enthralls audiences all over the world with his passion and artistry.
When it comes to picking a cello, he tends toward a tie and instruments made in the 18th century.
When it comes to a timepiece, however, he favors an instrument crafted in Switzerland, the Rolex Datejust.
Since Rolex introduced the first self-winding calendar wristwatch in 1945,
the Datejust has become one of the most sought-after models in the Oyster line.
With its classic Oyster design and magnified date window, the Datejust is every bit as distinctive as the Master Chelest who wears it.
To see the Datejust and a complete selection of other Rolex timepieces, visit your official Rolex Juler.
See what a new watch can say about you at Tornow, the world's largest watch store since 1900.
Tornow, bell harborshops, bell harbour and worth avenue from Beach.
Listen to Jamie, I'd like to relax if I have a very mag-olem inside my balls while listening to the new Rogers welcome one hour.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, come and listen to a story about a preacher named Ted, accused of taking that then-haven gay sex.
And just when you thought he was a super-righteous dude, outcensors stories that sounded really crude.
Bad things, bad news.
Gay escort.
Snorting that.
Well, the first thing you know old Ted's a hypocrite.
Man and gay love, while he was loving it, he said, big forgiveness and dropped to you knees.
Then Christ, they ascend and ignore hypocrisy.
A lot of preachers spend a lot of time on their knees, but they pray in that they're doing.
You're saying, oh God, that's good though.
There's a follow-up speaking of new times, and again, you know, this is Bob Norman who wrote the first part about Charlie Christ.
You following this?
I am.
Well, the reason I'm the printing of the article that we come up with the way I wanted to, I might have to re-print it, okay?
Okay.
Let me give it a shot.
Because it's very important.
Well, this election day, you know what I, it's who cares whether he's straight gay, bothered, except that he's a freaking hypocrite.
Right.
Other than that.
Ordinarily just fine.
Charlie and a liar.
Bob Norman writes in the a viral Palm Beach new times in the brand new one, sworn testimony back to claims that Bruce Jordan boasted of his affair with Charlie Christ by Bob Norman.
A videotape sworn statement of service that bolsters the contagion that Florida Attorney General and Republican gubernatorial candidate Charlie Christ had a recent romantic relationship with a convicted felon and former travel aid US representative Catherine Harris.
Huh.
See if this thing's printout any better this time.
It's coming.
Oh, yeah, just fine.
Fine is GI wine.
Okay, let me smit candy other pages there.
Bob Norman says last week I reported that 21 year old GOP staffer Jason weathering to the claim to credible sources that he had a sexual relationship with a 50 year old Christ and had identified the firm when his long term partner as Bruce Carlton Jordan who remains on state probation after serving a 30 day jail since for conviction on Grand Theft and forgery charges.
Chris has repeatedly denied that he is gay and with the election, well, of course, now here it is today has recently become more vocal in the stance against adoption by gay couples and in support of an amendment to the US Constitution of the band gay marriage.
Chris campaign spokeswoman Vivian Murtidus responded to my questions with an email while false rumors like this one are a sad commentary on the politics of personal destruction which is so hurtful to the political process she wrote.
This is a completely false story for making convicted felon evidence is paving up about however that he and Jordan whom the GOP candidate claims not to remember even having met had a relationship and that is Republican opponent Tom Gallagher knew about it prior to the September 5th primary vote.
Much of the information surrounding the relationship came unwittingly and somewhat ironically from the Harris, US Senate campaign where Jordan worked as the congressman's personal travel aid not long after his release from jail in February.
It was while he was employed in that capacity that another traveler on the Harris campaign, V.D. Hall befriended him.
In a videotape statement that I obtained over the weekend, Hall swears that Jordan confided to her that he had an ongoing romantic relationship with Christ.
On the tape, Hall sits in a sharply colored blue blouse and talks about a July 4th outing with Harris on the wealthy island enclave of John's island near Viral Beach.
Hall's attendance at the private party was a perker traveling with a boyfriend, J.Vas, who was the pilot for Harris as he was Senate campaign at the time.
As the evening were on, Hall says that she began talking with Jordan whom she had already befriended on a campaign trail about romantic relationships.
She says she wanted to set up Jordan whom she knew to be gay with a friend. He said that he was involved with Charlie.
She says on the tape after she was sworn in by a corporate porter, I was like, okay, he just stated his first name.
He said, maybe you've heard of him. He said, Charlie, Christ. She then asked Jordan what was like to have a romantic relationship with such a public figure when he said, Charlie was apparently having some issues with that and trying to keep it under wraps and just trying to deal with it in general.
She said later writing that Jordan seemed trouble that Christ was seeking counseling. It was kind of quiet about it after that point, while he was concerned about Charlie's decision to seek counseling.
I couldn't reach out for comment, but Vas, who's well known in state Republican circles confirmed that he gave the statement and said that Jordan also invited him about the relationship.
Vas has been a pilot for top Republican politicians in Florida for nearly a decade. He's flown fat ass governor, Jeff Bush.
Most of you remember the state cabinet and a veritable who's who of GOP bigwigs, including Christ whom Vas knows personally. His company, Celtic Errors, Celtic Errors, is represented by Major Talent Hansi lobbyist Wilbur Bruton.
Speaking from his manufacturing company's office in Live Oak, Vas not only confirmed Hall Sworn statement, but also added that Jordan had told him his romantic relationship with Christ as well, and that he too had given the Sworn statement about effect. It's the truth, said Vas.
Vas was a registered Republican said that while he was serving as the pilot for the Harris campaign this summer, he spent many hours with Jordan.
He said during that time, Jordan told him and other Harris staffers that he was dating Christ. I mean, you can date a straight guy, Hansi.
Huh?
It's a straight date. Uh huh.
The pilot also said that Jordan and other Harris staffers were a matter of fact about the relationship and treated as a fact that Christ is gay.
He recounted the evening of June 20th when he was at the Blue Martini bar in Tampa with Jordan and Harris campaign scheduler, Jennifer DeBoard.
Vas said that the board was aware of the relationship and had seen an email exchange between Jordan and Christ and that the 42 year old Jordan admitted to him.
I just couldn't believe there was so open about it, said Vas.
I asked him, aren't you afraid of this coming out and Jordan said it will come out sooner or later and just as long as it comes out after the election, I don't care.
Everybody knew that Charlie was gay and what absolutely thought of me about it was they made no attempt to hide it or disguise it.
When reached that the Harris campaign office, DeBoard denied having any knowledge about Jordan and Christ, I have no knowledge of anything, she said, obviously perturbed into questions.
I know nothing about that if not my business. Vas, meanwhile appears to happen to be a very good friend of state chief financial officer Tom Gallagher who was Christ depoted in the primary.
Not only is Vas, the lone Gallagher on campaign stuffs, but also given the politicians flying lessons and the two men have considered business ventures together.
I was thinking how to expose this Vas says frankly. I told Tom about it and he said, that's what we also expected.
I don't know what we can do with this information. I said, I don't either Tom all I can do is tell you what I heard.
Vas also said he told Harris that Jordan was claimed to while the tour at the Pomano Beach Airport.
Harris who was said she dated Christ many years ago told him she had no idea about the relationship he says.
She said it was a shock to her and I honestly believe that Vas told me.
Harris said that she and Charlie dated in the past and that during that time she went home and took a lot of cold showers.
And it explains her state of mind. Vas did a background check and discovered that Jordan was a felon who would stole the money from two organizations that employed him, including the telehassy based Florida funeral home directors.
The pilot took that information to Steve Andrews, a telehassy attorney and Gallagher backer and that ultimately led to Jordan's roster from the campaign in August 11th article in the the herald about Jordan's ties to Harris and his friendship with Christ with no possible mention of a romantic relationship.
Ultimately a private detective in telehassy spoke to me on condition of an enmity took this war and statements about Vas and Hall.
The PI indicated he'd been investigating Christ for several months wouldn't reveal who hired him for the job.
Rumors abounded that Christ would be out in prior to the September 5th primary but it never happened.
Sources say that Gallagher ultimately decided not to do anything with the information, fearing what it would do to the Republican Party in his own political career.
Sources say however that the whole videotape was released to have veteran St. Pete Times reporter but the newspaper chose not to publish a story.
I became a word of Jordan two weeks ago when a source revealed that weatherings in who also worked on the Harris campaign and identified him as Christ's long term partner.
It was only after that story was published that sources came forward about VD Hall and Vas.
There's no known tie between these two in weatherings and who has reportedly left the state till the elections over.
The pilot says he never met him and didn't recognize the picture that ran on the New Times website.
I've been unable to contact Jordan but as father Albert Jordan confirmed me that his son and Christ were friends,
Bruce Jordan was known by many to be friends with Chris. In 2003 Jordan as executive director of the funeral directors group used his friendship with Chris to persuade him to appear at the group's annual conference when Governor Jeb Bush canceled on short notice.
Last week however Chris not only denied to me that he had a sexual relationship with Jordan but also that he's ever had sex with the man in his life.
One denial however that seems especially due to VS his contention that he doesn't remember even meeting Jordan at all especially considering recent photographic evidence.
The two men were definitely at the same function August 5th and of all places the annual possum festival in Warsaw a tiny town on the panhandle.
At the festival were numerous politicians including Democratic Humanitarian hopefuls Rod Smith and Jim Davis and both Harrison and Christ.
Pos because flying Harris and her traveling Jordan to the festival but the pilots in the company them to the event.
The private investigator however says he was there and he snapped several photos of Jordan including one which allegedly shows the two men greeting each other.
Chris is grinning at the man leads to be Jordan who's back into the camera a black backpack he is carrying is visible and is distinctly evolved by this evident however.
At the end of a sworn statement D.D. Hall is positively identified she positively identified the man in the photograph as Jordan.
Jordan was following Chris everywhere he went at the possum festival the PI told me the investigator said it was obvious the two men knew each other but there's still no proof of a sexual relationship between them.
There's two witnesses who swear that Jordan told them in the relationship.
Similarly a pair of sources also say whether it's in May claims of a sexual liaison with Chris the weathering tends denoted.
Max Lind to be form party candidate who made his splash at Monday's gubernatorial debate has said repeatedly that Chris is admitted to him on the two occasions at least that he's bisexual.
See Charlie Chris is not gay Julia Reichlotz the article that was sent to me and Lind is a multi-millionaire financial planner who for years was a Republican insider and bankroller.
In other words Lind's got some credibility but most people in the no scene locked in denial with Susan surprise vast at all especially since Chris has raised 20.
22 million dollars and the state to you please expect the pump at least that much in the race. There is big money at stake and a lot of political jobs all the people close to him no he's gay but they are going to say anything because all their jobs depend on him winning the election he explains.
I don't have anything to gain from telling you this right now and it's probably going to keep me from flying Republicans again he said but it's about the man's lies and it's the right thing to do I guess he said.
Yes the right thing to do and the MSN the mainstream media they haven't even looked at it not sniff it they don't want to know from it.
Why? From what? We talked about.
All these rumors about Charlie being gay that those rumors you started.
Another hemic read like father that one listened to a story about a preacher named Ted the cues that were taken that then happened gay sex.
So just when you thought he was a super registered outcensors stories it sounded pretty good.
Bad things that is gay escort.
Sorting bad.
Well the first thing you know old Ted's a hypocrite then and gay love while he was loving it they said big forgiveness and drop to your knees then cry say you sinned and ignore hypocrisy.
You're fairing.
12 minutes passed no another natural here at 560 WQM we got 1118 votes on the poll and spider factor Georgia missed his assignment which look at that don't you feel a lot prouder the fact we got 1118 votes by a 1212?
No yeah okay you couldn't give a crap like that.
Well I couldn't you're right.
As long as you get that free food and get your check and get that birthday check that's those other things you care about.
As long as your dealer comes by there as long as somebody brings you a big plastic sack.
That's right. A big baggy.
You know an auto accident to traumatic experience they're shocked they're stressed they're stressed they're grief there's gnashing of teeth ringing of hands.
It's something nobody wants to have happened but when it does you need to help answering all the questions that will raise through your mind.
What do I do now do I need medical treatment do I need an attorney am I entitled to compensation.
So many questions so you need to be sure you call the right number the first time we need help after an auto accident.
Call this number one triple eight crash 61 it's a free call there is no obligation one eight eight eight crash 61 one triple eight crash 61 because you need answers not another accident.
24 hours a day seven days a week you can call that number one triple eight crash 61 it's your auto accident hotline right it down on your arm on your refrigerator on your ceiling on your
recto if you want to write it one triple eight crash 61 toll free no obligation get all your questions answered about your auto accident by making that one simple easy call and take a lot of sweat off your ass call one triple eight crash 61 that's one eight eight eight crash 61.
The biggest name of the best talents to the business real Roger sports radio 560.
You am.
I'm ready and dumb as dirt.
Hey everybody I'm brown and brown accountable for everybody brown and brown as a human being I'm a thickest opponent but I got a brown nose and I know
that I'm saying they don't want to look at any way I did everything I possibly can show my support for the good luck plan or what a job I had as a
director of people when I was more than a wiserly steamer and a blue list of the
kids.
It's just around those in the bridge.
It's just around those in the bridge.
New wall means is why I'm out in gone with double you said I did one heck of a job and it's your
job.
You're a big brown man and another white man.
The Christian following the national car is down there now with all of us just to get the
press out of town everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is big, cheap, paying over hurricane gave us a big easy for your
own social engineering like a giant republic in 20G.
Jesus for our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we like.
It serves the right to have less blacks and you to send us who say it's a national disgrace.
They should not have black in the first place.
This is no time to play the blame game since we know that very things are called by
kings who are not the right kind of all-monger.
Like stridey, the clearly and corals go all over achieving the America's right-wing dream.
You make everybody white like me.
And they're ignorant of a bitch who gets his job from no sooner.
For how I'm just standing back in your rainy and horses I'd rather do that than watch
floating corpses on the negligent vertebrae now.
And I'll keep going down and keep my nose brown.
I'm a negligent vertebrae now.
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
I have a job, baby.
We did it there in Katrina.
We don't hear too much about that no more though.
Shut up, Tommy.
21 past noon at 560.
There's Lester Holt.
Fising since more than a third.
Well that's Lester Holt.
Yeah.
Up until this moment, all this time I keep telling you about Lester Holt is a great, you know,
great voice.
And this is the first time you knew who Lester Holt was.
I mean, I've seen him before but this is the first time I've put the name to the face.
The name in the push?
Yeah.
Yeah, and you're right.
He's like encouraging some Republicans have been making.
I mean, he's like actually somebody who belongs on the air like a real broad, a broadcaster.
So what's he doing on that channel?
Well, we got Keith Overman on there.
Keith Overman in him.
And Rita.
Here's the fact that since I just got a call from my buddy in Orlando, we voted early
about a week ago.
His son went to vote today and when he was signing and he noticed that there was no signature next to his dad's name.
In other words, my buddy could vote twice.
My buddy, he keeps saying my buddy.
I mean, little suspicious about this.
My buddy is a Democrat but it's not hard to imagine if this is another way the factions are giving him extra votes.
Why do you know what?
That's good.
Let's not involve the Democrats for two, three, four times.
They're going to need it.
They're going to need that extra cushion in there until when they put the fix in.
Now, can we listen?
Can we check if that Mitch Lewis thing is clean?
How do I play the whole deal?
The over it.
And see, he's beautiful.
And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos.
But we think we will.
So please take this side out of the house.
So please take the side out of the house.
So please take this side out of the house.
Excellent. Very good.
You done that?
I done that.
Beauty. Not too bad.
Governor Rick Perry of Texas after a gotten country's German attended by a dozen of political candidates on the day said that he agreed with the minister that non-cursions will be condemned to hell.
Oh my God.
In my faith, that's what it says.
And I believe about the governor said, Governor Rick Perry of Texas, I'll ride throughout much of the 90 minutes service at cornerstone church.
Mr. Perry said on the red carpeted stage next to the Reverend John Haguey.
Mr. Perry was among about most 60, mostly Republican candidates who have sent to the invitation to be introduced to the mega church's congregation of about 1500 plus or 80 on TV audience.
If you live your life and don't confess your sins to God Almighty through the authority of Christ in His blood, I'm going to say this very plainly,
you're going straight to hell with a non-stop ticket, Mr. Haguey said during a service in his first with religious and patriotic videos.
Asked afterward a political rally, whether he agreed with Mr. Haguey, the governor said he didn't hear anything in particular excepting two.
He said he believes the inerrancy of the Bible and that those who don't accept Jesus as their savior will go to hell.
How do you like that?
So while you're people out there in this audience, if you don't go on believing Jesus, you're going to go to hell.
That's right.
A little later another stuff that Republican and come to clarify this beliefs.
I don't know that there's any human being who has the ability to interpret what God and His final decision making is going to be, Mr. Perry said.
That's why that's what the faith says.
I understand my caveat there is that in all knowing God certainly transcends my personal ability to make that judgment black and white.
In other words, he had to double talk.
He had to be before we get into Buddha and all the others, I get a little confused there.
But the fact is that we live in a pluralistic world, but our faith is real personal.
And my Christian faith teaches that the way through is through Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ?
Yeah. That's the one. Jesus, the Agusti, would long be here in the bad sandals.
The Berkens stocks.
He only wishes he had Berkens stocks.
His opponents in the race, campaigning across the state, were just two way to go to the election.
They criticized the governor saying his comments were unnecessarily divisive.
He doesn't think very differently from the Taliban.
Does he independent Kinky Friedman said?
He must have talked.
Mr. Friedman and Jesus said Mr. Prairie's comments had pretty close to home.
Being obsessed with who's going to heaven and who's going to hell is kind of a pathetic waste of time.
He said, Mr. Friedman often expresses admiration for Jesus and calls himself a Judeo-Christian and who's crazy than a bedbug.
But why does he say whether he believes that accepting Jesus as one savior is the only path to salvation?
Carol Keaton, a stray horn who attended Sunday services at Harmony Missionary Baptist Church in Fort Worth, said she disagreed with Mr. Prairie.
There are many ways to have enrols in his raw gods' children.
She said, God's United.
They're like Bush, a United, not a divider.
Democrat Chris Bell said that a state leaders should take more caution.
God is the only one who can make the decision to who gets into the kingdom of heaven.
He said, oh, the fact that these people are discussing such swill, such kaka, the kingdom of heaven.
Kaka?
Where the bread will be on 11.
Who wants to eat matsu for the rest of their existence, right?
How do you eat it with nobody and no mouth and no, well, how do you digest it?
You just kind of suck it up.
Come and listen to us, though, we're back.
On our Christian, he said, Mr. Bell, Rick Perry certainly has been telling his beliefs about when you're in public office.
You need to respect people of all faith and denominations.
Ask whether Mr. Perry was wrong. Mr. Bell said the voters will have to decide that.
In a sermon, Mr. Higgy exorbit the congregation to fight moral weakness, the vote for religious people in a post-same-sex marriage, quit acting like a Bible thumping wimp, he said.
He added, God is the supreme court promoting a prompting applause from the governor.
Mr. Perry was raised in the Methodist Church, but also frequently attended the Baptist Church in a small West Texas town of Pink Creek where he grew up.
For this campaign, he has helped organize the Texas Restoration Project in which ministers are encouraged to get their congregants politically involved in their communities.
And he's already had to answer some complaints in the Jewish community.
Last year, he invited ministers of all faiths to stand with him as he signed a law requiring parental consent for abortion and a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage.
The Jewish representative was a member of a Messianic group that accepts Jesus as their savior.
Oh, come on, then.
This is from the Dallas Morning News. Let me read that sentence again.
The Jewish representative was a member of a Messianic group that accepts Jesus as their savior.
Jews for Jesus, so he wasn't Jewish at all.
Hey, if anybody deserves to be Christians, it's you guys.
How do you like that?
So that's the, you know, the Jewish representative that Governor Perry had on hand was Erzatz, Maple Leaf, a convert, a phony baloney Jew.
And nothing like phony baloney, especially if it's trache, that ask her myer, I think, could be trache.
Watch out for ask her, myer.
They fool you with a Jewish sounding name and then they hit you with some trache.
No, like Gary Sarner being it. Oh, whatever. It's smack her out of his mouth.
Definitely, uh, hasten his path to hell, I guarantee you that.
Although I think you'd get there regardless.
28 past noon at 560 WQYM experienced a difference in Mercedes-Benz and Pompedo and Mercedes-Benz and Pompedo.
It doesn't matter what time of month you purchase a vehicle because they don't play games there.
No matter when you buy, you're going to get the best deal going anywhere.
Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class,
the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz and Pompedo, you'll have over 200 employees dedicated to providing you
in comparable service offering you expressed lube, courtesy vehicles and complimented car wash too.
Make an appointment through their business development center and don't forget you can even earn dealer miles
just like frequent flour miles with your airline.
Browse, Mercedes-Benz and Pompedo's in directs poll, you'll find over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles.
Or check them out on the WQYM. Go to benzpompedo.com, B-E-N-Z, benzpompedo.com.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz and Pompedo at I-95 and Copens Road Column at 1-800-New Benz, 1-800-any-W-B-E-N-Z for Mercedes-Benz and Pompedo.
A Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other.
The biggest name, so the best talent.
The biggest is Leo Rogers, 4th radio, 560-U-A-M.
Well, I'm a son of a bitch.
This is I-Wiss-Biss-Dude.
That's when Game Show host Bob Barker says he is going to retire from the price is right.
Bob, you've had a terrific career.
I don't know if everybody knows, but your favorite part of the show was having sex with different members of the audience.
Right. And what was your best pickup line?
Let's try it in the car.
Pretty lame line, but hey, your Bob Barker.
So where else did you get freaky deaky with the audience?
The love seat, the sofa, and the jeep.
You go Bob.
Are you well endowed?
Look down here please.
Oh, and it's a pleasure to show you this.
Holy til baza!
Feast your eyes on that.
Okay, 12.33.
So I told you Bob Barker is retiring you guys didn't believe me.
I didn't.
1160 tribos on a poll.
There's Julie Brumman.
Oh, he's so whiny and wimpy.
I think he and Susan Collins are the same person.
1160 tribos.
How confident are you that all votes have accounted honestly today?
Not very confident, 415.
Not at all, 398.
Somewhat, 205.
You're like, eh, who knows.
Very confident, 733.
I don't give a shaman 41.
100% sure, 20.
20 maniacs.
And I hate this poll, only 11.
0.9.
Where have we heard that before?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Wow, there you go again.
With what?
Huh?
You're the guy that's like all over that.
Keep telling me it's a sport show.
Oh, yeah.
Show I keep telling you Kenny's a good guy.
He is a good guy.
Good job.
Bob Barker is the one who belongs on the year.
And Boa of course keeps coming in and listening to George and listening to Neil.
They're the anti sports.
You know, no, we're the people who like to have ratings on the radio stage.
We like to have everybody succeed with the nice.
You know, and now what we hope for?
Yeah, man.
We're financially involved in that.
That is correct.
And even if we weren't financially involved, it's just, you know, it's not important that they fail, but that we all succeed.
Right.
Or however that goes.
Here's an article I think it might be of interest.
I built Gouger from the Niagara Falls Reporter is George W. Bush clinically insane.
Hmm.
And you know the thing about this, it's very long.
It's very long.
I'm going to have to like, I'll do it in a two far to a far, a part of our jokes.
Well, when I want to blow chunks when I think of George W. Bush, I can get almost physically when I see him.
And then when I think about the fact that people aren't like, just, there's not like a revolution going on.
And people don't want like immediate impeachment like tomorrow.
His shrill voice pain sensitive ears in the red states of the South and West.
He ramps up to his Texas twang as he brags on his war and hurls in, sells and lies about those who don't share his views.
President Bush, as he's pleased with the progress in Iraq, defense secretary Rumsfeld is doing a fantastic job.
And those who support Democrats want the terrorists to win.
Bush goes well beyond gutter rhetoric in the politics of desperation.
He's a delusional madman and it is grace to our national heritage.
When young people hear the president of the West talking as he does, it's no wonder their perception of politics and public life is so low.
The man who ran for the presidency claiming out me, United Not a Divider is one of the most divisive figures in American history.
And he will only get worse as his vans go and Iraq continues to spiral into the abyss and the nation unravels.
Bush says with mindless repetition that we will win the war when the fact is we are slogging it out in the conflict that screams for a political solution he's unwilling to confront as any reasonable leader would.
Breaiman is the emblem of Bush's sick mentality as the raki's and American troops spilled their blood for his cowboy machismo.
There's never a purely military solution to a guerrilla war that won coal and Middle East expert at the University of Michigan as I spoke with him last week at his Ann Arbor home.
This is actually several unconventional wars he argued and the only way they're ever resolved is through politics.
Cool, unlike Bush's a thoughtful well-informed realist and recognizes the futility of staying the course and using American troops for target practice for the increasingly deadly snipers popping up all over Iraq.
It's a bitter pill to swallow, Cole said, but if we are to see an end of this eventually they're going to have to be negotiations with the Sunni Arab guerrilla groups that have blown up our troops.
They're going to have to be negotiations with neighboring countries like Syria and Iran that have enormous amounts of coal in Iraq.
Cole finds Bush's lone-range military strategy a failure. The idea that we can just unilaterally muscle our way through this is just a non-starter.
The Bush abish made the ugly congressional campaign a referendum on the war on terrorism and the importance of victory in Iraq.
They smeared all those who questioned their war strategy and pretend that the only that only they have the resolve to make us safe.
A New York Times editorial nailed it. In Mr. Bush's world there were only two kinds of Americans. Those who are against terrorism and those who somehow are right with it.
Some Americans want to win in Iraq and some don't. There are Americans who support the troops and Americans who don't support the troops and at the root of it all is the hideously damaging fantasy that there's a gulf between Americans who love their country and those who question his leadership.
Bush's fantasies are even disturbing his fans. In a sit down with wire service reporters, Bush assured them that Rumsfield, the most incompetent man on earth, will keep his job for two more years.
Maybe in the last days of the Republican dominated Congress, Bush can get him declared the fence secretary for life sort of an American Raul Castro.
Gushing over Rumi and Dick Cheney, the two principal thugs who lied to get us into Iraq and designed the disaster, Bush claimed they're doing a fantastic job and I strongly support them.
The remark prompted conservative commas Andrew Sullivan to raise the question of Bush's mental illness, a fitness, Sullivan till CNN Bush is so delusional, this is not an election anymore, it's an intervention.
Sullivan, long a cheerleader for the war in Iraq said Bush is so indeniable, he simply can't come to grips with his failure.
It's unhinged, it suggests this man has lost his mind. No one objectively could look at the way this war has been conducted, whether he were fort as I was or against it and say that it's been done well, let's say the disaster said Miss Sullivan.
Yeah, Sullivan added for him to say it's a fantastic job, suggests the president has lost it. I'm sorry, there's no other way to say it.
The president's nanny core, his mother, his wife, state department, hands, condolese, arisen, Karen Hughes, no he's unhinged, but our true loyal to share that disturbing truth with the world.
Republican House majority leader John Vayner tried to shift responsibility for the Iraq disaster away from Rumsfeld. Vayner quickly filled the disgrace time to lay shoes as the most low as the member of Congress.
Vayner told CNN, let's not blame what's happening in Iraq on Rumsfeld, but the fact is the generals on the ground are in charge and he worked closely with them in the president.
Rumi, the notorious micro manager whose second guess is every move his commanders make gets a free pass from that idiot Vayner.
Before the invasion, Cole assessed the risks of invading Iraq for the University of Michigan's international institute was part of a group that of experts that advised the state department on the risks.
He believed that destroying secular Arab nationalism could drive soon the Arabs toward Al-Qaeda and Islamic fundamentalism.
Cole envisioned Shiites hooking up with Ayatollahs in Iran and the Kurds pushing through their own state and causing tensions with neighboring Turkey.
Cole was spot on but the Bush administration ignored his warnings. The problems were foreseeable to anyone who knows the area he said, but I have to say the full magnitude of the catastrophe boggles even my mind.
Cole fears the mess in Iraq could get worse. He sees continued violence and instability in the Shiites south and the potential interruption of war supplies making the military more vulnerable.
As the sectarian violence rages out of control, Cole argues that this kind of situation is intractable and once it begins, once people are angry on a nationwide scale, once they're afraid, they're taken along with their own hands.
Cole fears soon as the Shiites will continue ethnically cleansing their neighborhoods with US forces caught in the middle and placed in even greater danger.
We need a change in policy insisted. I think our presence there is exacerbating the problems.
I think if we go on as we are, there's a real danger to British US troops being killed in very large numbers and that's what George W. Bush considers a fantastic job.
I think I'm doing a fantastic job reading this story without rushing through it because I'm going to put the flag the page there.
I'm going to dog hear it. What to the page?
I'll tag the page. Well, I'll finish it after the break. It's not that long but it just requires because obviously the man is crazy and a bed bug.
Just like everybody knows that. Just like everyone was the Charlie Christie, a closet case. We like salt painting. That Ben Ginsburg, man. When I see him, I just, there are certain people when you see like the William Donahue, you know from the Catholic League.
Yeah, Ben's Ben's, Ben's, Ben's, Ben's, Ben's. And I see him and I just I cleanse my teeth and again blood drips out my chin.
Twenty-two one at think it's blood at five sixty WQA. We got the mad dog at two power hour with mad dog in a Humphord for.
And don't forget we got the opening tip and the closing tip and the big tip and the uncut tip with Bimbo Coles tonight before and after the heat game, which we don't carry.
If you're expecting guest this holiday season, it's a great time to dial one eight hundred mattress plus its Dalmatris is thirty-f birthday to celebrate Dalmatris and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year right now on the best selling Simmons Beauty Rest Pillow Top.
You can choose from softwood as biggest election Simmons Beauty Rest with same day delivery, like always. This is the only way for a person with a brain to buy a mattress.
Forget about schlepping all over town comparison shopping and those betting and department stores wasting time, gas and money and then getting ripped off.
Call Dalmatris at one eight hundred mattress for a factory direct unbeatable prices and award-winning service with no nonsense.
You pick the date and time for delivery anytime it's convenient for you seven days a week from eight in the morning till ten at night, even the same day you call, pick the tour window and they deliver it right on time.
That's why Dalmatris is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction while I've used him for years and just about everybody QM uses them when the old mattress gets lumpy and bumping needs to be replaced.
On the web just go to Dalmatris.com it's not Dalmatris.com maybe it is maybe they changed it. I don't know. I just don't trust a Hank whatever his name is. What's the guy's name? Not Hank Goldberg.
Hey, the sales guy. Guerrero. Hank Strane. Anyway on the web mattress.com or column tool free of one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Savings and Stupid Sales Hall.
The biggest name of best talent for this is Bill Rogers for radio five sixty QAM.
Yeah, you have a match. I hate to lie to my shoelace.
Oh my God.
I would have went smart on your seats. You'll find that I'm an outsider.
When there's a bomb in my shoe. I'm the last one.
I'm the last one. What a wonderful way to guide this way.
Oh my God. I'm fighting. I'm fighting. The name of my life.
I'm fighting. I'm fighting. I'm fighting. I'm fighting.
From hundred votes on the poll that's good news. More good news that your buddy Hank Rory you should be picking on four Hank.
Because if you go to if you go to Dalmatris.com it just automatically goes to mattress.com it winds up at the right website either way.
So don't be picking on four Hank. All right. I won't be a bad mistake though and that was coming to work at the QAM. Well he'll be glad to regret it.
A poll worker was arrested at a name charged with assault and intervened with an election for allegedly choking a voter
and pushing the voter out the door in officials and this is in Louisville Kentucky.
Election officials called the police and the voter wanted to file charges and Paul McCrainy spoke something for the Jefferson County clerk.
That about tops off the day McCrainy said. The worst immediately clear what sparked the altercation.
The name of the poll worker was now released and the Louisville police spokesman admitted immediately we turned calls seeking comment.
Oh boy. I like that. We're all the table of contract bombs during Kentucky.
What's this? Nothing.
What's the facts? I can't drop the facts on the floor. It says I find myself caught between two conflicting thoughts on this election.
If it sticks to which I think it is, why the Republican spending all this GD money. It's all part of their reliable hopes or they really worried.
It's maddening. I can't wait to see the results. Just give us the house to representatives at this point and I'll be squeezing myself until they break down my door.
I think the house is in no brain. That's a given. Hey, we think that we don't know how much fix it. They're going to be doing.
I'm fixing to check out the ice cream. Don't do that. I didn't say even. Okay. I say check it out. Who the hell did I tell you make so Roger's?
I should that name should ring a bell. Can't be people. They make their Roger's ice cream. I found that on that website. It was really days ago when you got me all whipped up about that Mary Jane candy and said because you just won't quit.
I will a precinct official in Chantinooka Tennessee describes voter turnout as incredible.
And election officer at the St. Elmo Alton Park precinct says the turnout is much harder than expected.
They say a line for me for the worst open unusual law before lunch didn't happen and the voting hasn't slow all mornin.
They are pouring out there in Chantinooka Tennessee, which is good if they're voting for Ford. Right? Right.
Of course it doesn't say what they're you know what do we know about I mean I know Memphis is like largely black.
Nashville is most a bunch of red necks. Chantinooka I don't know. You know anything about Chantinooka? No I can't say that I do.
Oh. South Carolina governor Mark Sanford probably wishes he checked his pockets before heading out the door this morning.
Sanford was turned away from his pouring places. Cameras were rolling because he forgot his voter registration card. This is the governor of South Carolina.
He went to vote at Sullivan Island Elementary School nearest family home but the photo op went awry as the governor began looking through his wallet.
I don't have the blue card with me. He said, smirming sheepishly he called home to get the numbers but officials told him he had to present the card itself.
Sanford then went to a nearby voter registration office to be issued a new card and finally was able to carry his valent.
Isn't that wonderful? How low can we go in New Jersey? It says,
politicals are slinging mud till the last minute Tom Kane Jr's campaign is charging their vandals put a chain in lock on the front door of campaign headquarters last night trapping one staffer inside.
It appears that Democrats have already resorted a election day dirty tricks that came campaign manager Evan Causlow.
And then this spokesman, a Brian Fallon. I don't know what kind of a name that is Brian Fallon counted. We had nothing to do with it.
Of course not. This is typical fresh on election day. It's a ridiculous accusation. The most ridiculous publicity stunts since Britney Spears 3a and Vegas wedding.
And turnout is heavy in Virginia where Republican Senator George Allen MacCacawhitts is in a closely watch race against Democrat GM Web. Good. Bigger turnout means no more MacCacawhitts.
It's one of the races that could determine whether Republicans keep control of the Senate. Final independent polls are showing the two candidates that about even Web had a one point lead.
A Board of Elections aimless that turnout is high all across Virginia. Some precincts are too busy to call in their numbers.
There are also several reports of alleged voter intimidation, but elections official calls the complaints anecdotal and difficult to confirm.
He says there go those dark folks acting up again. In addition, U.S. House seats in the Senate race Virginians are also deciding whether to add a ban on same-sex marriage to the state's constitution.
See, tacking on at the homo stuff on the ballast man in a lot of states, that brings out all, not all of them, but so many more.
But it was a good right-wing religion. Is that what you need to watch that little cartoon that's in there?
It's in there. I say it's in my package. Republican Jean Schmidt had trouble casting her ballot. Her paper ballot via Scanner in Loveland earlier this morning. A situation captured on video by CNN affiliate WKRC.
Election officials put her ballot in a lot box and said they'd manually enter her vote later. How do you like that? Thank God her algorithm is a lot box.
And the polls in Delaware County will remain open an extra two hours and 45 minutes to late 45th and night Eastern time because of a computer error with electronic voting machines.
The extension was approved by the Fifth Circuit Court of Delaware County. After local election officials filed a keep the polls open longer, the problem delayed the opening time for more than 70 precincts.
The polls in the rest of the state will be closing at the scheduled time last polling station shutting down at 7pm. This is Ohio and Indiana. In Marion County, paper ballot said to be used in more than 100 precincts because touch screens on electronic voting machines weren't working.
Well, you know, details details, right? Right. I never finished that story that No, I never did not. But I got time to do it right now. See what good timing? What an acolytes. It all falls into the gut.
It's the story by Bill Gallagher from the Niagara Falls reporter about his bush out of his mind. Crazy person. He says,
Bush, the great born again Christian who consulted Jesus with his war plans is presiding with the death of Christianity in Iraq. Christian refugees are fleeing the Syria and lesbian on advanced numbers.
Their churches are being burned and their priests are being murdered. Iraq's one million Christians who survived in the land for 2000 years are immortal peril. Bush's war has made that happen.
There's a real prospect that at the end of this conflict, there simply won't be many of the way Christians in Iraq call said.
Father Jacob Yasso, the pastor of Detroit, taken our church shares that fear. His church is on 7 mile road and the extraordinary often called little Baghdad.
The Chaldeans are people loaded in biblical times who settled in Mesopotamia, long before the Arabs. St. Thomas the Apostle brought the faith to them and the Chaldeans have plugged their Catholicism ever since.
They celebrate Mass and Aramaic, the language Christ spoke. Jesus, their literacies are beautiful and reflect on the most ancient expressions of Christian worship, of Godbeldegour, Bible Mysees.
We never felt as foreigners or strangers in Iraq, Father Yasso told me as we chatted in his office. I've known the priest for years interview to many times he grew up in Baghdad and studied for the priesthood there and in Rome.
He knows Sodom was sent in a former Iraqi dictator once gave Yasso 200 grand of government money to build a social center nearest church. In spread of Sodom's large house, Yasso was also happy to see him toppled.
At least at first, Chaldean and Assyrian Christians were tolerated in pre-war Iraq. How come before the invasion of working together under Sodom, why after the fall of that government are things changing he wondered?
The priest described an incident in Bosnian which he had radicals attacked the Christian village.
They kidnapped the youngster, killed him and hanged him on a cross telling him, all Christians will be killed like you are Jesus. In Mosul, a gang of men have said over the Pope's remarks about Islam,
Kidnapped Father is Candre Benham. His severed head and limbs were found on top of his body. There's another one of those severed heads. What a great heart it is.
Churches are burned and bishops are fleeing Christian refugees are living in misery. I asked Yasso the obvious question. Was it better under Sodom?
Quickly and infatically he replied, much better, yes. This is what Rumsfeld's fantastic job is done. George W. DeVoishan, Republicans who support the V.S. Go Interact, must be held accountable.
Says the Bill Galagher, a P.V.D. award winning a comments for the Niagara Falls and a councilman. How you like that?
Nothing to make me want to get in the cabin, go to Fallsview and punch my guts out. But I'm not going to do it. Be your fall.
I don't know. Oh, I guess I'm going to go to Cape Can ice cream man.
Hmm. Give her that. I already asked you. Yeah, you want to find it. No, I mean, I'm not going to look for it either. Well, why not? Because I don't want to be a fast one unless you look for it. Don't want to be a fat.
And the ice cream too. One thing about me, man, I'm always looking for it. Something sweet. Sweet.
Proof 56 at 560, like in a movie, Max point, which you'll have in there too, but you're like that. Can't wait. You will like that. And try to pay attention to the storyline of the story just because your sweetheart Scarlett Arles is in there looking really voluptuous and blonde, lovely and. Yeah, squeaky clean. Yeah, kind of like Brian Schmutz.
But you're a foot guy man. You're into that. You got that foot badge right and anybody else out there who really is in the feet. Take care of your own feet. That's all I can tell you. Forget about everybody else's feet. Just keep your nose out of man. They stink.
Brandies carries all the top names and shoes. And this is the place to get your feet. Gussie. They got four shine. Echo.
And a fist of rock port. Hush puppies. New balance, which I love and all the other name brand sizes and all our shoes and all sizes of brand and women. Even they carry wide, which is hard to find sizes. In fact, Brandies is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida.
Gussie, our good buddy Arnie. He'll make sure you get the right to give him shoes for your feet every time and an unbeatable price too. That's why Brandies is still around after all these years.
While there is a common gone Brandies, you'll find them at 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach right between Atlantic and Copen's on the East Side. You can't miss it. And Brandies is open every day for you Monday through Saturdays till 9 and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy men's floor shotted Brandies save 10 to 20 bucks per pair. So be sure to get your fat ass into Brandies this week to save some cash or do your shoe shopping right on their website at Brandies Shoes dot com.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Neil Rogers for 20 or 5.6.
I need to check them out.
Three hundred and sixty four days a year. Your most important contribution to society is turning the blinker off on your Pontiac Bonnetville.
But not today.
I want to be elected.
No. Today you decide who gets sugar cookies after they vote and who gets oatmeal.
Thank you for voting.
You may not know a thing about the polls, but you do know the difference between Mike Brown on Maine, Mike Brown on Fifth and Mike Brown on Columbus.
And that's why you're here.
Woo! All the people in your neighborhood!
You are the envy of the ladies of Zilliary and you didn't even have to sleep with a candidate to get your job.
Unlike that Hussey at all Wilson.
So we salute you.
Miss election day by the check of volunteer lady.
Your bifotals.
Your tag of an HD and your show.
You are a real American A0.
One out two at 5.60. It's election day maybe get out there and vote earlier off and over and over again.
Several times.
But 30 times if you vote the right way, you know.
If you vote in the left way, that's the right way.
Two police officers sued Burger King Corporation claiming they were served handbagged.
They've been sprinkled with marijuana.
Remember this story from Albuquerque to Mexico?
I do.
They always charged me extra for that.
So I don't know why the cops are getting porky.
The lawsuits mark land de vazo and Henry Galbada, Gabaldon, offices for these late-to-played low-travel police,
were in uniform in writing a Mark Patulcar when they bought meals that they drive through late-October 8th of a Burger King near Los Luna to Mexico.
The office has made about half the burgers before discovering marijuana on the meat.
Oh man, that's really something when you discover pot on your meat.
They used the field test to confirm the substance was pot.
Then went to a hospital for medical evaluation.
It gives a whole new meaning to the word WAPR, the office of the attorney Sam Brignan said yesterday.
The idea that these hoodlums will put marijuana into my neighborhood,
therefore attempt to impair law enforcement officers trying to their jobs is outrageous.
It takes the edge of the crystal methers, Gordon.
Three Burger King employees were arrested charged with possession of marijuana,
aggravated battery and officer of felony, and later indicted.
The lawsuit filed Friday in Bernalillo County, alleged personal injury,
negligence, battery, and violation of fair practices, and seeks unspecified damages along with legal costs,
officials at Miami-based Burger King declined to comment, citing company policy against discussing pending litigation.
How do you like that?
They sold pot burgers to cops.
Cops should have given an extra tip, wouldn't you think?
Really.
But they had to bring in a hazmat team or whatever it was that it goes through a big saw in advance.
Oh look at that, one, two, three, four.
I bet you'll end very is proud of it.
You know, end very is white.
Until I saw the time life malt shop series there with Bobby Wydell.
Until I saw that in from her, she'll end very even seen, even seen, even seen,
very before. You know, one, two, three, then you're always like, who's black.
And then you see these people on there.
You've never seen before, and quite frankly most of me don't want to see again.
But then very is white. I mean, that important, no.
I've had it makes any difference, and just, you know, comment here.
And little Anthony, you know, from little Anthony and the Imperial's tears on my pillow,
or was that a little Caesar? No little Anthony?
Yeah, I don't want party with him.
He was like a senior Winston's looking guy, you know what I mean?
He had like a small head and a big mouth.
I never noticed.
Well, if you watch the infomercials, if you'd stop being such a hard ass,
and watch some of those very entertaining infomercials like Josh and I watch,
that's right.
Josh don't watch them either.
Real men don't watch infomercials, do they?
Especially if Ronville peels him.
Oh, what does that mean?
If I would want to say you've never gotten your flavor waves,
you'd probably be, you know, not too happy about that.
That's right.
On this weekend's McLaughlin report, I'm going to have to play that.
Please.
Host John McLaughlin defended Democratic Senator John Kerry by suggesting that he was telling the truth on Iraq.
He also wondered if it was laughable to think that words could lower the morale of U.S. troops
who already recognized themselves to be in a quagmire in Iraq.
The former adviser to Nixon predicted that a Democratic takeover of his election
will be a referendum on George W. Bush and his handling of the Iraq war.
He said the verdict was clear there would be a bust for Bush.
With hours to go, the electoral ocean is heating McLaughlin,
said tsunami energy is within and restless for release.
Its first signals are clear.
A political earthquake is on the way like 1994 and 1938 and 1894.
McLaughlin said that the House of Representatives will be lost by the Republicans
and that the Senate could also age in the Democratic column.
While discussing the Cineration Pennsylvania,
which all five panelists agreed would be won by the Democratic Chamber about KC Junior,
Tony blankly that fat right wing Nazi-the British Conservative Editorial Page Editor for the Washington Times
claimed that KC's defending of John Kerry's slander of the American troops
is given the Republican Senator Rick Santorum one last issue to fight with this weekend.
Cornered by McLaughlin, blankly admitted that there weren't any polls which showed gains by Santorum on this,
but that it was a great issue since Pennsylvania's a great military state.
Well, Tony, head to your bets on that one, McLaughlin said.
Santorum is going to suffer a well-deserving, humiliating defeat the Democratic-Leaning MSNBC poll-Ainlist Lawrence O'Donnell chimed in.
Later in the show, McLaughlin asked if Kerry's gap would be a tactical boom to the GOP in the closing days before the election.
He asked and packed you cannon and O'Donnell and Eleanor Cliff, Eleanor G. E. Swellner,
and the hosts said they didn't believe so.
But blankly said that the decorated Vietnam Veterans' long history of slander American troops
and insisted the attack is going to have a price.
That's only blankly. Have you ever seen him? No.
Fat British right wing, all these British pundits are always right wing Nazis.
Oh, brother. And anyway.
So that's the take on the McLaughlin and company, which I don't see that in no more,
because I don't watch the CNBC on a weekend. I don't watch CNBC during a week either.
You? No. Check all your investments? No.
1246 votes on the poll. I'll tell you one thing. Consider it. See, this is good.
I think maybe in the back of your mind you know,
we don't need that running head start today. That's right.
It's a lesson, baby. If they're not whipped up today, then they'll never be.
Now what are we going to do tomorrow? I think I'll call them sick.
Tomorrow we got a count of votes. That's right. Tomorrow we can analyze and we will ring our hands.
We need to have a celebration. How about some celebratory ice cream tomorrow?
Don't do it. It sounds like a real plan to me from a Jackson's ice cream product.
They can bring you guys last more tubs of delicious like Rocky Rose swimming in hot-up food.
It's the primary cover from that. Swimming in real hot hot-pugs. That's just hot-pugs, you know?
But really, really hot. If you ever buy a jar of smuckers hot-pugs and put it like,
put it in a, like a little cup and put it in the microwave and nuke it for about 10-15 seconds
and make it nice and really hot. I just put the whole jar in there.
And then I just pick up the spoon and eat it out of the jar.
So it's not that hot. I haven't done that. I'm more than on stuff, though.
And there's where I'll forward junior. I don't know what the hell is wrong with him.
And other than the fact he's got a little bit of a tan.
Suggesting that if you lose the people, what's the name of the kick an ass in Tennessee.
Guess you're not going to do so.
No, I think at the end of the day, if we don't win, it won't be because of anything
that the National Republican Party has suggested in these awful sleazy ads.
It'll be because we didn't run a strong enough campaign.
But I got a great, great film. We're going to win this.
Go ahead, Harold. You go out. You've got to know what to do.
They got a big turn out there in Tennessee, which means a lot of the redness is coming out of the hills.
Maybe they're coming in from entry. I'm not saying that thing, no more.
I'm not getting the president to play in that deal right.
Do it. You cut it up right after that part in here.
Get out of here.
You did this morning. You cut it right up real nice.
First of all, I'm not doing it.
I'm not really talking about it.
We wanted that tape back to begin and we didn't weigh a million miles before you.
It's got all the other stuff on there. It's got that Clinton stuff.
And everyone knows what kind of filth it's got on it.
Oh, yeah.
You're hoping for it.
Yes, I heard.
Being the perfect that you are.
Gord Vidal says, well, first of all, the article says, an editor's note,
even the publication of his new memoir, Point to Point navigation,
iconic author and historian Gord Vidal said that when an exclusive video interview with truth,
they get it a Robert Sheer and offer a plea to America regarding the November 7 election.
He said, this is the most important vote you'll probably ever cast because
should this gang of folks continue in the two houses of Congress, there isn't any chance of getting the Constitution back.
He says, we're facing the most important election in my lifetime,
which is not quite extent back to that of Abraham Lincoln, but it's pretty close.
There'll be nothing more important in the voting line than one can foresee that will come our way
while any of us is still hobbling around.
This will determine whether we regain the Republic, which we've lost over the last five years.
But could it tell we're so rapid that even I, who am ready for such things,
I thought these people are going to make a grand for it, but I thought my heavens, they're still the courts.
Even a shameless supreme court isn't going to back up the loss of habeas corpus.
So my fellow countrymen, as I sit here, not yet at Gettysburg,
I have an ocean that this is the most important vote you'll probably ever cast because
should this gang of folks continue in the two houses of Congress, there isn't any chance of getting the Constitution back.
This is the last chance, really, by getting some new chairpersons and committees in the house to have a clean sweep,
which in normal times, if we'd ever enjoyed them, would have happened by now.
Now it has got to happen, or welcome to the third rife, says Gervida.
You go, Gour. Hey Gour. You're fair. You go.
Got a nice joint there in Italy, ever seen that?
No. Ravello, is that the place where he lives with his partner? The idea.
On the west coast of Italy, we're up there in Las Montaas.
Well, I guarantee he's right, you know, he was born into a lot of money too,
and of course he's made a few bucks in this time, Gour.
But nevertheless, here's a fact that says, from Gary in Weston just got done voting at a chance to redo the voting log,
the little old lady kept flipping through all the pages to find my name.
It just so happened I didn't see any signatures next to these identified as Republicans who signed a log,
is this just an anomaly or did all the go-and-to-status stay home today?
Oh, good, the go-and-to-status stay in home.
And you know who's called it is? Let me tell you right now if a lot of the go-and-to-status stay home.
Come and listen to a story about a preacher named Tei.
Yeah, although I got that.
I also pleased my see my letter to the Sun Central Editorial Board which they refused to print.
I've sent them this type of letter each 10 to run article on the Shaw Klein race.
Okay, I'm sure the letter is right here, short and sweet.
It says you choose to keep writing articles about the client's Shaw race,
send it primarily on how much money each candidate has raised,
what this race continues to be about, is whether or not we as a society
will continue to tolerate an illegal war, a phony Medicare prescription drug program,
insurmountable budget deficits, and the trampling of the constitution,
and even a few of the issues you've seen the water gloss over.
That's what this race is about. Mr. Shaw has been a neighbor of the President of the Administration's Miscite and Policies for far too long,
and it's high time for a change.
I find it rather curious you don't see it that way.
Well keep this in mind Gary, these are the same people that won't not marry a word
at the Sun Central or the Herald about Ms. Chris.
Yay, you know, hypocrite, liar, who wants to be your next governor and probably will be.
But that's your MSM baby, that's your mainstream media.
Nice going Gary, stick it to him baby. Go down there and like, you know,
pee on your doorstep.
Drop a drop a little sack with some titty rolls on their doorstep.
Right, big ass titty rolls. See there it goes with a candy again.
I never really big on titty rolls, you know.
Oh I love titty rolls.
You do? Oh yeah.
Oh, I mean I, you know, like Charlotte Budsley, we were just talking about fudge.
Get out of here solid fudge my ass.
I'll bet.
You know the biggest name, so best talent for the business, Neil Rogers,
sports radio 560, QAM.
Young.
The most listened to pre-game show for Dolphins is the real pretty show to lividify UPS.
Different between Pat Riley and Nick Saban, thank you back to, you know,
all of our youth when we were young and frisky.
And you go out there on the street and you'd say,
Hey baby, let's go back to my place.
Let's play Cowboys and Indians under the covers.
And then, you know, after a while you figure out, you know,
roses, maybe a little chocolate, you know,
it's just a matter of perception and deliver.
The real pre-game show delivered by UPS featuring the MedDogs,
advantage Sundays at 10 a.m.
and exclusive presentation of sports radio 560, QAM.
Joyce Busch doesn't care about black people.
Motor said to the polls for Mitchel Millettian.
Sir, you're going to carry a ballgye today for what he called a bunch of jokes.
Be your homework, but you don't, you get stuck in a rock.
Anybody who is ought to understand the consequences of war.
Both parties are pulling out all the stops.
Sick and tired of a whole bunch of Republican attacks.
The United States, military, or French Mark.
With something for his own, who is billion tax dollars?
Michael J. Fox, critics say that he deliberately exaggerated the symptoms of his Parkinson's disease.
And apparently I'm not supposed to talk to you until I symptoms go away.
There's a lot of confusion about Prophecy's off-text.
They are good.
So, yeah, so no.
So, yeah.
So, yeah.
You do the round.
You do the round.
You raise gas prices.
And without raising taxes.
More dependent on foreign oil and the GDP of the Rockies seats.
100% of the money in the taxes.
So, according to that, $100 million.
It's a 1-18-560-W.
Happy election day to go out there vote for 5-10 times.
Four days after she sent, she was raped into the accuser in the duke lacrosse case told co-workers at a Hill of Rose Trip Club that she was going to get money from some boys at a duke party who hadn't paid her.
The club's former star security manager said.
She basically said, I'm going to get paid by the white boys, HP Thomas, former security manager at the Platinum Club said an interview on Friday.
I said, whatever, because no one takes her seriously.
On March 14th, the woman said she was assaulted and raped it by three men at a lacrosse team party that began late on the night of March 13th.
Three players, David Evans, 23 of Bethesda Merlin, Colin Finnerty, 20 of Garden City, New York, and Reed Selleigman, 20 of Essex Falls, New Jersey, have been charged with rape, sexual assault, and kidnapping.
All three have declared their innocence and quality accusations lies.
Drem district attorney Mike Nephawing declined to comment on Thomas' recollections.
Thomas said he hadn't previously come forward on the advice of lawyers.
Nephawing has said in court that nearly a month after the party, the woman was in his office in a period to traumatize to talk about what happened to her.
Nephawing said that throughout the April 11 meeting with Nephawing and police officers, the woman seemed near tears and had trouble making eye contact.
But less than a week after the party, Thomas said the woman seemed fine, and weeks later he realized that Frediviz had a video of her dancing at the club in the early hours of March 26th.
The accuser never gave any indication that the party was a bad time little, and that she was assaulted or raped Thomas.
She was regular as pie, Thomas said she didn't do a damn thing different.
How do you like that? She wanted to get some money from them white boys.
The other girls would have known if something had happened, Thomas said if another dancer had been beaten up or raped by a bunch of white boys, there would have been a ruckus.
She said, there are going to be a ruckus if you guys try to record, record, quote, keep it.
Well, it just happens to rhyme, okay? Jesus, Kate Christ.
Thomas said dancers must sign in when they take guest in the club's VIP room.
He said to a sheet show that the woman had signed in March 17, 18.
He said she also danced the following weekend.
The club's owner, Victor Ola Toya, he said the club's record show the woman was dancing at the club, March 22th and 5th, and into the early hours of the 26th.
He has no record of her working the previous weekend.
He said he'd given a sworn statement to the investigator in that Hong's office last month, initially saying he hadn't seen the woman since February.
That night at the club, Ola Toya checked his records and called the investigator back to change his sworn statement.
But it would be put at whatever, believe whatever you want.
I don't think there was no rape, okay?
No. But nevertheless, 1210 sitting down votes on the pool, we're going to make 13 easy.
In spite of your, you know, little amount, I think it'd be cause of it.
Here's an article from the Washington Post, give you a little thumbnail sketch.
So supporters of both political parties will have something to be happy about tonight.
They probably won't have to stay up real late to know which way the midterm elections are heading.
Aren't you happy about that?
Exstatic.
The key races in Congress are concentrated on the Eastern Central Times zones.
So we ought to have a good sense of the trend relatively early in the evening said,
any water that nonpartisan cook political report.
In the Senate Democrats would have to gain six seats to the majority as if we don't know that.
All the one of the most competitive races are in states in the Eastern Midwest.
Virginia, Tennessee, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Ohio, and Maryland.
The single nail-biter farther west is in, of course you know.
Montana.
Right.
You're not eating again, are you?
No, no, it's right here.
Sounds like you've got food in here. Is he eating again?
No.
We heard earlier, man.
I just just second my teeth.
Some of you had a mouthful.
All of the toss-up house races are also plus to the states east of the Mississippi.
Remember by watching the fate of Republican candidates in Connecticut, New York, New Hampshire,
Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio, political enthusiasts will have a rear-view
of the world.
They have a good idea whether Democrats are going to win those 15 seats to take into
the whole house and they certainly will unless the fix is really in big time, unless they
got them deep old machines all fancy and gussied up.
It says, nevertheless there will be plenty of guessing as the night goes on.
Broadcast Network's plan to confine their reports to a single hour starting at 10pm eastern
time hosted by their national news anchors.
ABC will also feature the midterm elections on nightline from 1130 to midnight.
In addition to broadcast channels, they will do live cut-in-stripe evening, where they may
be to results become known.
Political junkies will demand a lot more info than that for them.
Table news channels and websites will fill in the gaps.
The cable channels are scheduled to provide their usual blanket coverage all evening into
the way out.
Don't watch that.
They will flip-square about sitting at that.
No.
He's only going to, if he is anchoring the coverage, only his rating candidates are going to win.
For people who want their beauty rest, a few contests with early poll closings can be seen as
harbingers of things to come.
Harbingers.
Harbingers.
I just said.
Okay.
As Kentucky and Indiana go, Angela, say so will go to the House.
And the good news, the polls in both states will close by 7pm eastern time.
Nathan Alcanzalis, whose name ends in S, of the nonpartisan Rothenburg Political Report,
recommends looking at Kentucky especially.
If representative Jeff Davis Republicans defeated by former representative Democrat, Candidook
is conzealous.
And his UOP is in serious jeopardy.
That's when he starts seeing Alex Quebec pop up on your screen.
If representatives Ann Northrop and Ron Lewis both Republicans also lose, the Republican
Lawson and the House could be sizable, he said.
Another bell, while there's Indiana.
Tree Republican Congressman face tough reelection fights there.
John and Hosteltler, Chris Chacola and Michael E. Sudrell.
Hostelt was all but given up for loss.
But if Chacola Sudrell or both also go down, the Republican majority and the House will probably fall with them, a list degree.
Walter, the Cook Political Report, sees the electoral fate of Sudrell, a freshman, who is facing former representative
Viren Hill for the third time, is one of the nation's best predictors of the partisan direction of the House.
If a Democratic tsunami is sending Republicans could realistically lose the majority before the polls close in the 8 p.m. states, such as Pennsylvania Gonzales said.
But if Republicans can escape these early states down by just three or four states, it should be considered a moral victory.
The Cook Report list, nine Senate racists as toss-ups and Gonzales of the Rothenburg Report names two of them as the ones to keep your eye on.
Keep your eye peeled.
Senator Jim Talon and Missouri is neck and neck he's going to lose to Missouri State Auditor Claire McCaskel because of the Stemistle Research thing on a ballot and Missouri is going to lose.
And if Virginia Senator McCoccawitz has nip in tuck with Democrat Jim Webb, if Talon loses the GOP majority is in serious jeopardy in the Senate, Gonzales said.
And it's completely gone if McCoccawitz loses.
Best of all, the polls in both those states, Virginia and Missouri closed by 8 p.m. Eastern time. Hallelujah.
So unless like I said, they're going to do another one of these deals where they're going to like two for the Austin one for them.
Well, that's a stamp till two, three, four o'clock in the morning because that would mess up my whole body clock for tomorrow, because tomorrow, you know what tomorrow is, don't you?
Would by Wednesday. That's correct. In fact, tomorrow is another day when you're going to have to change the poll.
You think we can trust and do that, Josh or not? I'll try not to be passed out in the gutter.
Give a little man a big man's, you know, I mean, even a child could do that. High on Red Bull's Dirtle. That must be what it is.
Oh, you just bought the meth like pastor, Haggard, you didn't ever, you know, use it.
No, I used it. You never tried it. That's what he said first. In fact, he said a lot of stuff first and all of a sudden, oh, well, yeah, I'm a liar.
I put it on, but I spit it out. Yeah. And the MF2.
12, 1291 votes. He's in a real meth, wouldn't you say? How are we keeping the real meth too bad?
Boy, that gives me such, that gives me such tremendous satisfaction seeing these fakers.
Although the problem is, you know, after they go through the usual, you know, they take a little hiatus. They sit there on hiatus road.
The old one. Well, he's already doing that. Yeah, he's still, you know, he's singing the same song.
And he'll be back. He'll be back. And all the old getch keys there. They'll all be throwing their money.
And I hear you go. I'm in the game. Of course, the fall in the center, man. We forgive you. We forgive you no matter what they do.
You're the best. That's right. Come home. We love you. Let us give you like a little massage.
26 past 1 a Q. I. M.
The biggest name. So best talent for the business. We are Rogers.
4th radio 560. Q. A. M.
Senator Kerry, the Republicans have been talking smack about you.
I'm sick and tired of a whole bunch of Republican attacks.
They said that you've got irritable fouls syndrome that's problems with the, uh, the butt. Yeah, that's what they said.
So is that it was right? Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. How you doing now?
Oh, you're really nice to ask. I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way.
Great. And good luck with your ass. Thanks so much.
Welcome.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
L Titis.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Kerry.
Gary Mayday, Gary is so big and tall, big big, so big and tall, and he's don't scream
at all.
What's 33 there is that A-hole?
Well look at that.
There's a split-screen IMSNBC.
It'll be taken instant pull.
The bigger A-hole is A. Tucker Carlson on the left.
A Rich Santorum on the right.
The soon to be former Senator from Pennsylvania.
Who's that leading?
I'm floating for Rick.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation, the FBI, is looking into the possibility of voter intimidation.
And the heart-fought U.S. Senator Race between Senator George McCockel, Whitz Allen, and Democratic
Chandler Jim Web.
State officials alerted the Justice Department today to several complaints of suspicious phone calls to voters who attempted to misdirect or confuse them about election day.
According to Gene Jensen, Secretary of the Virginia State Board of Elections, Jensen told NBC she'd been contacted by the FBI.
The FBI on Richmond refused to comment.
State Democratic Party Council, Jay Myersson, said in a written statement issued by the web campaign,
he believed Republicans are behind an orchestrated effort to suppress votes for the Democratic Challenger.
Republican officials, including the executive director of the Virginia Republican Party, have told NBC that the GOP and
Alamed campaign are focused on mobilizing voters and having to scourge anyone from voting.
Right. Recent polls suggest the race was a toss-up.
Even Stephen, net connect, no is to nose, as to as.
In the Washington, D.C., area NBC Lee Affiliate News 4 reported on its website a received email from a viewer in Virginia,
who said he received a phone call from so-called volunteers threatening voters with the rest of the cast ballots.
And a news for reported the viewer's email said that after he had voted he received a call from an unknown caller who said they knew the voter was registered out of state,
and would be arrested if they voted today.
The viewer's email statement has been registered voting for Virginia for the last three years and as the Virginia voter registration card to prove it.
The web campaign also said other voters are getting calls telling them that their polling location has changed.
Also, there are allegations that flyers are outcode that say skip this election blanketing African-American communities.
All right.
We don't want to keep those dark folks home, do we? The Republicans are.
Yeah, you bet they do.
Keep those darkies home, man.
If you vote you're going to get arrested, you're going to take you away in chains, you're going to lynch your ass, whatever.
Of course it is Virginia, right?
And we're in the Williamsburg in Virginia.
I think they call it the Williamsburg.
I don't want to.
Folks love voting in Daggett County, Utah.
Even when they may not live there.
Daggett County registered 947 voters for today's election for more than the county's total population,
currently most recent census figures.
Now Attorney General Mark Schurtler's office is looking at the complaints of votes stuffing in the county.
Democrats expect county clerk Vicki McKee is letting outsiders swall the Daggett County registration rules to give Republicans an advantage.
They say the father of deputy running against Democratic Sheriff Alan Campbell has 14 adults registered in his household.
He got a heavy duty busy house there, I guess, huh?
Well, maybe he's Mormon.
The Republican deputy Rick Ellsworth told KSL TV that his father's address is being used by family members who own property yet to the end of the county would have, I don't have their own address.
Daggett County, which borders Wyoming, Colorado is home of flaming, gorge, national recreation area.
What is it?
Baaaay, man.
And his vacation spot where many people are second homes.
The 2004 census counted 1145 housing units.
Voters with multiple homes are supposed to pick only one residence for voting purposes, swearing to it on an affidavit.
Vicki told KSL TV she'd been asking voters to file property tax papers showing their primary residence was in the county.
But proof of residency isn't required under Utah law.
State election chief Michael Craigman said so she can't do that.
Vicki didn't return messages Friday or yesterday from the AP.
Sheriff Alan Campbell didn't return a message yesterday.
A woman who answered a phone listed in Ellsworth name said he was at a doctor's appointment.
Then hung up before the AP could leave a message.
Well, you know, what's the fun to have elections if you can't have a little hanky spanky going on right?
Absolutely.
That's all about.
I think Rick Santorum is going to need a little bit more than little hanky spanky in Pennsylvania.
You want to understand the kind of jackass.
13 number 16.
He is one of the evil doers.
Okay, one of the true evil doers of all time.
Him and of course, Senator McCockewitz, former senator McCockewitz.
We can only hope.
Boy, I'm going to be glued to that set.
I'm going to be sitting in front of my sand song for.
I sure hope that Hank don't pop up there in the middle of it.
I'm going to block off all the other deterrence.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying come and lose some weight.
No.
Come and I send my love and my wishes for a long prosperous life and lose some weight.
Lose some weight.
Remember that opening scene in Fancy There at the funeral and bankrupt?
Yes.
Screaming.
I know.
Screaming like a lunatic which she has used here.
I can't believe she's dead.
She was one of those people who seemed like timeless.
I mean, like she would look forever.
I know.
The good people they die early and then they have back to their lives forever.
Miserable rotten, no good.
Like you know, Castor for example, Amy, it probably have to be a hundred.
Probably.
That probably stitches ass all up and it's putt in the whole deal.
Feed them like some moosh, like a lot of applesauce.
Isn't that what you have like a porcule, you know, eat a lot of mooshy stuff.
Like yogurt.
Yogurt and applesauce.
Oh, look at all that rain around Nashville and Tennessee, man.
Look in Northwards.
The heavy rain is over you now.
It'll stay over you as we go through.
Good evening.
So that'll be one of the races that everyone's going to anticipate.
They say racist.
What are you talking about in Nashville?
I think racist was the word.
I think the Lord is working very mysterious ways to get them clientsmen to stay home in Nashville, man.
Stay home with their bottle, boozing it up, doing their usual trailer trash.
Do you know what?
Incess is vest.
That's what they say in Nashville.
They do something like this.
If you ain't never been in Tennessee, man, you haven't lived.
You ain't never been there?
I've been in Tennessee.
But where you have?
The mountains part.
On the other side of the mountains from where we are is Tennessee.
And we go there and go, oh, geez.
Let's go back.
Yeah, nothing to be finer than return to a North Carolina.
The biggest name.
The best talent for the fastest wheel of rockers.
Forth radio, 560, UAM.
So beautiful.
Music stores now.
George Boy is saying, the Beatles.
I need an American.
I need an American.
I don't know just anybody.
I need an American.
George Boy is saying, the Beatles.
Aboukarabou.
Aboukarabou.
Aboukarabou.
Aboukarabou.
Well, I've tried.
No, I've got to go on.
Special bonus track featuring Linda McCartney.
What can he felt it out of Wanda?
16-2-560 WDQ-A-M.
Verizon, your content deal with you.
Q. But says the Wall Street Journal.
Are you excited about that?
Nope.
You're not very excited about these days, right?
No.
I understand.
All right.
Verizon Communications Inc.
The number two US Telecommunications Company is an advanced talks with you.
Q.
Inc.
To bring the websites videoist to cell phones and television sets.
The Wall Street Journal says today.
The deal may give Verizon a marketing edge over its rivals into the wireless and cable-in-the-mode.
For the company and its companies efforts to expand into internet and entertainment services.
The journal says.
Under the terms being discussed, customers of Verizon Wireless.
Verizon's new venture with the Vodafone Group Pick.
Won't be able to view some of you Q videos on their cell phones to the carrier's premium V-Cass service.
Or they would be.
What I say won't be would be.
What I will say.
Verizon would also offer YouTube videos as a non-demand feature of a TV services launching through Applination.
A deal may give Verizon the exclusive right to carry you Q videos.
was for a limited period of time one person not with knowledge of the discussions told the journal you
cheerfully greedy to be bought by web search leader doodle for one point sixty five
billion dollar
one point sixty five billion dollars can you imagine what we could do with that
uh... order pizza leave a big tip
well that sounds good pizza candy that though
and now
not for me and this time here
call him the good foley
it did freak me out for week and a half to stay representative michael
holy i think the democrat
he quickly heard from a friend when the congressional paid scandal broke and
wrote the
like-name u.s. representative mark for the republican afforded from orifice
reshaping the political landscape
michael forty forty three who are clearly gets introduced as the good foley
for an easy laugh campaign rallies
and was running the keepers legislated seat first year about the congressional
paid-scaled by heading to date and the help is rather than fully in his campaign
for county commissioner
as i'm driving down the road i get a call from my friend on myself said michael
sounding half bad to get media coverage but worry any with the scandal could
stick
he said i hope this fully scandal and for it is gonna hurt you michael he said
the first time comes out of somebody's mouth is like oh my god what's this all
about
fellow democrats appointed michael into a house vacancy in march
appointment came with a bonus heading into an office election that offered early
promise a democratic success
the blue color district has a voter registration edge of more than three to one
democratic
then the fully named hit the headlines the street hit the fan
michael he said he tried to rationalize whether the mark forty scandal would
affect him
it's my last name on mike he's marked so it sounds close michael he said
every time i look at the headline on the home page of my computer
it's represented fully scandal
that was our brusin associate professor communications at john charlie
university said anyone familiar with the scandal is likely to know involved a
florida fully not a high-o fully
to recognize the name you have to be following the story he said i guess uh...
bullying the story
i guess he doesn't realize there's a lot of stupid people are there
all that's represented fully that uh...
child that the preferred
the page turner
trying to one of the sprinkles dentist
thirteen hundred and twenty seven votes on the poll
i mean our poll is small potatoes compared to what's going on today and they
they're all you know what really cracks me up what cracks you up
all of that men and this forty eight came to forty one percent jersey
men and this is going to win again for rather with like nip and tuck nose to
and what about mccaco it's now in their virginia
he's he's called himself a red back in this guy is a type
of democrats that used to get elected in the south
if he is elected he will be a new democrat that's going to be pro defense
very strong in the military
he's going to be a limited government type of guy and they found out there's no doubt
about it again you look at his writings up until he decided to run
yeah for the united states senate
he's a very conservative man and it's been very good
not just your scab or what am i listening to him for god
here's the fact that says
being the suspicious person i am i unfortunately think that all this
volsmith about the last minute republicans urgent the post is the set up for
fixing lecture with the machines man boy i hope not but i voted seven times
this in case go back and vote ten or twenty more okay you got a voter total
of the least of the man just offset the uh... the deep old fix
man but i'm saying that they got all these talking heads on the cnn mcc and i'm
sure
fox all i don't want something
but uh... i don't know something about the cocklewoods
yeah he is uh... i mean the fact that he's in a close race
of course as virginia what is that said you're going to be a
yeah
briefly
yeah go to a fast
uh... with their real fast so interesting the two minute television ad
or forty six allen forty five that's no difference the same the amazing
and pull
last poll
you for the fact that the discussion with not no matter sir about issues because
of his miss death
but also that he wants the truth to come home in a row
i can say the fact that he been closest staggering
i mean staggering that should tell you a lot about virginia
look on a map to the virginia look like it's in the deep south no is it yes yes
you bet
this like i told you that bit about in the end
going at restaurant about how to have apple pie for dessert
i couldn't believe it
i mean then waitress is math of like was in mississippi
i thought i was like an alabamba with a banjo on my ass or something like that
talk about red mix
indianapolis holy moly the water all they do is rather on a circle on the friday night
so they do
this drive around and rather like three comal round and round
i bet you i got that in here you do
i do
i run and run
i think i've got to do as much as i have in here
thunder peri
i got
you relax
find a way
and it goes around
work and he's saying no did he look good no was he pretty dance
no great talent now
he was a tiny no
i'm not making any suggestion about that that you know
whatever wonder about some of the people in the early days of vegas you know
some of the context and then you think of that scene in the godfather where i
like he's a michael is saying to al martino you know
maybe could convince some of your friends in the business to go you know
sure that you know anything from my godfather my
and of course that that's just uh... you know
fiction of course
exactly
that's a good that that's uh... one of the best things when michael comes to
vegas
and friday was there with uh... with what's his name
what was it in the way with more green
you know i am
i'm more green
i made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders
great scene
anyway aren't they all though i mean you can pick up you can even go through
the whole movie and pick every scene they're all great
although not as entertaining as my point i don't think
to try to order narrowly i would like not talk about a lot because i get a
movie for you
and then you watch it i'll leave it up to you but i know you're going to enjoy
it so much that has just scarlet your hands all i want to enjoy it and it's a
sexual oriented story and a pervert you'll really enjoy
and actually like it too
i think there's no factory in the movie by the way which is one of the very few
i guess that i have a foundation that i don't know what you can you can watch
it and then on the other you like it and nobody will say oh yes another
fact
for a
what you know what i'm looking for that movie
i don't know i haven't watched it yet
match points scarlet your hands in my hand okay i like scarlet your hands well you're
like we're even better after you see this
how confident are you that all the votes will be counted honestly today that's
our poll question obviously a silly question but it's a kind of crappy
last election day you know
stupid question
yet
support what i mean yeah i came up with this my poor man
that was a
classic maybe that's why you like it didn't put it on there we didn't change the
poor real
your own
not very confident for
hundred and seventy not at all for fifty two is like giving a break like
that last facts who you can
somewhat confident to it and forty very confident eighty one those are real
believers in america democracy and honesty and integrity and truth and
schmucks
eighty one say they're very confident i don't give a shmit forty seven there are
a hundred percent sure twenty six
those are people if you ask them what day the week was you'd have to
it would one one time a day was you have to look at your watch
and i hate this poll only eleven so let me tell you on say point eight percent
that point eight sounds like a very familiar number
the biggest name so best talent
the fastest
me or roger
or the way my sixty
you
am
it's
day
stupid
i mean
town
who had five
six
old
w
you
and
your friend
and take him as beautiful
and uh
you know
it'll take time to restore chaos
but we
bike five i
