So I had a good day yesterday. I'll take today off.
Yeah me too.
You win again? No I'm taking the day off.
Oh. You think I went back there again yesterday just to give the money back real quick?
I liked at least letting it warm in my pocket.
Well I had the good fortune of hitting the late pick four which means there ain't no more
after that. You picked it huh?
Yep. Well that's good. But I'm off to Niagara so
see if I can give them some of that money back three, four weeks ago.
May I ask for rain?
Very hard.
Well a rain all day here yesterday man. It rained like Noah had to get the arca
out all day and now it's sunny and it's okay. It's not too bad.
But you need the rain there to wash away all that schmutz in the smoke in the air and all
of fires.
That's correct.
And your buddy various says the Marlins prepared to decline San Antonio State him
offer by a Monday's deadline. What I just say, State him over.
Highly a mayor, Julio Robaina said yesterday, especially ballpark,
the other guy had done locally. My sense is it'll get done. He says he's done.
And we had a big 8717 to watch Don Trail get past it again last night.
Watch him get just smashed. I saw a little bit of that just in time to watch him pour
on the runs across the plate. The brakes.
Eight and what is it nine and twenty three is that the record?
Whatever.
Yeah.
Pretty dismal.
Although they're in Pittsburgh to play a team that's right there with them as far as
they're battling for the toilet.
They have both right down the line that have lost as many games as the city in Pittsburgh
right down there along with the Marlins.
So it's the toilet bowl this weekend and the good news is next Thursday we got a 105
Marlin game, which means 1230 exit for this kid next Thursday.
Pittsburgh gets out.
He has a new stadium.
A lot of good.
It did.
Yeah, they didn't do any good.
No.
Oh, that goes on everywhere.
Oh, if we just had a new arena new stadium still they stick the joint out there, way down
there, mired in no man's land and nobody shows up.
But other than that, why be so negative?
Especially when the highly Amer.
You're always big in the highly Amer's.
Yeah.
Well, this guy says that they're going to get the stadium, but all they need is they don't
know yet if for Mando Codina is going to donate the land and they don't know what the
real cost of the stadium is going to be.
But other than that, they don't know how they're going to make up over two hundred million
dollars.
Right.
But other than that, it looks like a done deal.
No problem.
Kind of like Clarebel taught us about all the new great things going to happen on this
radio station to done deal.
Although I see next week's schedule looks like the same old to me.
In fact, Thursday and Friday morning it still says TBD.
Yeah, they're working on some things.
What's all this at mean?
They're working on something.
What does that mean?
Trying to bring some fresh blood in here to do the shows when I'm not around.
Yeah.
So we're working on some of that.
Yeah, I'm talking about the stiffs from the Sun Centreligan area.
No, they're not coming back.
No.
It's OTOs.
Why?
One time only.
I see.
Well, otherwise it might be like Wally Pipp and Lou Gehrig.
It's not Wally Pipp was a disc jacket and WCFL in Chicago.
Was that Barney Pipp?
Wally Pipp.
I don't know who that was.
He was a real Pipp.
Remember Wally loaned me your glove?
Yeah.
Lou Gehrig and then like Pipp had him back.
And then never got a back.
80 billion games later.
And of course, whoever heard of Wally Pipp again.
So that's probably a good idea one time only.
I want people to get a foothold in there.
So they're working on some things.
So I can only begin to imagine what this is.
Maybe we can get Joel Feinberg his own show.
He obviously wants a show.
Let him go on their own life through his teeth.
He doesn't matter.
To himself he does.
Yeah, he wants to matter.
He doesn't matter.
Well, that's what I keep saying.
You can't talk to yourself into competing.
Either you got it or you don't have it and they don't got it.
And they keep trying to talk this big game and use the media.
You know, all their buddies in the print media.
Oh my God, the ticket this and the ticket they are losing
their asses what they're doing.
In fact, I love that line of his about, well, who else could
have lost all those millions of dollars in just 18 months?
I'm a station that was actually brokering out
and making money before.
Pretty hard to do Joel, but you done it.
Congratulations, man.
Keep up the great work.
8717, a couple of thousands of people to see Don Trell
get sheld again.
Hey, that's a, I know.
What's in his 35% increase in attendance?
Watch him sheld on Trell.
Well, he couldn't get us out the way he's pitching lately.
He can't get anybody out.
He has given up seven runs or more in his last three starts.
Well, he's consistent like the rest of his teammates.
They're consistent.
They consistently suck and they consistently lose
and the record is an abortion and nobody's showing up.
And keep in mind, this is only early May.
These are the kind of attendance figures generally
for a horrendous season like, you know,
getting to August to dog days and 10 or wait until the summer.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Do you think this is bad now?
Wait until July and August?
Because first of all, there's nobody in town
in the summer as you know, everybody gets to hell out.
Well, you know what happens in July and August though?
What is that?
The red socks come in and, you know, teams like that.
Oh, yeah, that'll do it.
The red socks will draw people.
Yeah, that's a lot of the braves.
That the braves, in fact, I was watching last night.
I noticed there was one of the pictures
that were accidentally scanned a little bit of the crowd.
And I used the term crowd loosely.
I saw a lot of people with braves jerseys on.
Yeah.
So 87, 17 minus a couple of thousand braves fans,
which means they really maybe had 5,000 people in the seats
which were 3000 metronomal and fan.
I mean, when Norma can't says he ain't going no more,
that's the ultimate stoch right there
because, man, there's a valuable baseball groupie.
And he just, he can't handle it anymore.
So do non-competitive, which I think is a good way
to put it.
They suck.
I watch the Yankees red socks last night.
Now, who won that game?
Well, street two, I saw a little bit of socks.
I came back in one.
Did they?
All right.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Oh, George S is going to be really PO now.
He's going to be ripping A-rod and this one and that one.
He's, I don't like wealthy people with bad tempers.
You know, temperamental sport.
I sport a little rich kids.
Hate that.
Well, the third basement made two errors.
I wasn't wrapping it up like they don't have a name.
You know, the third basement,
I think the first basement last night was the one that
was the guy who was here.
I'm delighted to see that.
Anything bad that happens to George Steinbrunnen
pleases me.
By the way, speaking of people having bad things,
all are best of the beast.
Yes.
Tells that go on all about.
Oh, George, what's the,
George Cord is ain't working today.
He's got issues and George Dero told me that the beast
is out of the hospital already.
He's talking, yeah, but multiple injuries,
but he's nothing like threatening, fortunately.
And it's, he's going to have a pretty good
in the inventory.
He's going to have a tough honeymoon.
He's, and the interesting part of his,
you never guess what I got in the mail just yesterday.
In fact, maybe I opened a mailbox right around the time
he had his crash.
It was his wedding invitation.
And that's something I guess wedding invitation
and I find out that I swore he was in a bad car crash.
And he's like, it was a five vehicle crash.
Wow.
He was, he was probably the buffer.
He probably, if he wouldn't have been there,
it'd have been a lot worse.
Probably bounced off his fat ass.
He's got some growing their tears
or something is what I'm here.
And that's not good for the honeymoon.
He has more than that.
He has several injuries, but he has rib injuries,
which is very meaningful.
How do you find ribs in a guy that fat?
You know what?
I don't think this is a good day to be ripping a beast.
No, I'm not ripping him at all.
I'm trying to lighten him up a little bit, but I'm not ripping him.
Maybe I'll save him.
I have a rush bonus.
Yeah, there you go.
See why now your turn of writer-ides
didn't take you longer jump on.
Oh, man.
God, who the hell are we to be talking about fat anyway?
Exactly.
Very, very bad.
You know something, I feel terrible for the beast.
I really do.
Because he's, you know what?
He's a good kid.
He really is.
He had the stuff.
He means well.
He had the suffer of abuse from someone
who's a very uncomfortable jerk.
Not to be serious.
He was a total idiot.
Yep.
Yeah.
Gloves are raw.
I don't care.
Yeah.
And he endured that.
And he's a survivor.
He's a survivor.
Of course the fact that he already survived this.
The fact that he why I am too.
No, he's likeable.
He's just, it can be a little bit annoying, but he's likeable.
As opposed to some people are annoying and not like him.
Yes.
Right.
Oh, there you go again.
Total total.
Very annoying and very unlikeable.
But we don't have him to kick around no more.
Irreplaceable.
Yeah, there won't be another one like him ever.
There won't be anybody.
He's just going to keep rotating that time period.
You really believe that?
You know, I keep looking at the schedule.
I mean, the schedule for the following.
This is the week that was.
Remember that show?
This was the week that was.
And I keep thinking, okay, finally.
And I'm looking at him.
Here's Bow and Gildy and this.
Although I looked at Thursday, I thought to myself, oh god, there is a god.
30 at 12, 30.
Marlins on deck.
Marlins at the abraves.
Oh, that don't look so good.
Now where are you going to be Thursday and Friday?
The precness.
Oh, the precness, that's right.
Sorry.
Well, that's your camera's up quick again.
Not two weeks.
Yep.
Well, I went by like a quick fart in the wind storm.
No, seriously, that's a fast.
Well, it's only tomorrow's only the first week.
Well, we're looking ahead.
So they're predicting what a field are like eight or nine in the season.
That's right.
Now it's the lawyer.
Ron is out.
Is brother Derek going to run?
Yes.
He'll win.
I give him a shot there.
Yeah.
This is his kind of race.
What I wish.
Now who, oh, I should have saved the story.
Yesterday, one of the, oh, I forget who to hell was one of the horse people
was saying that they definitely should cut the Derby down like a much smaller field
that it's just, and that's what I told Dave.
I would say this is no horse race.
It's a cavalry charge.
What did Dave say?
Well, he said you know, a lot of people want to run in the Derby.
And he's right about that, but so big deal.
You know, I say cut it down to like 14 tops.
Max.
Anything would be a good idea.
I think it would be a much more, much more honest race.
I mean, who else to see?
I mean, so many, what you look at the horses that had problems because of the big field
who were better horses than that.
Right.
So what you see, well, we don't know yet if they were better horses than Barbara, but we
may not have been there.
They were better horses than were they finished because of all the road trouble.
A horse like Bob and John was taking out the race on the first turn.
Right.
Brother.
Brother Derek went like an extra eight to a mile.
I think he was like, you know, brother Derek.
Very wide.
The whole race.
By the way, brother Derek does need to be near the front and he also, you know, 19 wide,
you know, that's not going to help him either.
Well, that's what I told you.
So that's what I say.
And of course, I know nothing about it.
I'm the first one to admit that.
I don't follow those ponies.
I don't follow that.
I'll watch it on TV because it didn't cost me any money.
I'll watch it on a racing.
You know that we had the highest ratings on ESPN that we've had for a horse racing
show in 16 years.
Six minutes to the race five at Hollywood Park yesterday.
I marked it in the replays from yesterday.
Oh, the seven horse.
Take the seven.
You know, I once had a, in fact, I think it was on a show.
I was on one of those twilight zones.
Go something like that where the guy got the newspaper from the next day and he had the
race results.
Have you always had that dream?
That's the big four I hit was at Hollywood.
Was it really?
Yep.
Oh, so you had to this fifth race.
The seventh.
I'll be damned.
Well, I'm going to watch it and make sure he wins again.
Do I get paid again?
He might have some road trouble.
Yeah, he paid again.
You know how easy it would be for me to open up an account on Lyle.
I've got to do is make a phone call or go online.
I could open up an account.
I could make you, well, you could do it too, but you're not that crazy.
And you know, I don't think they allow it in Florida.
They don't, they allow it here.
Not potentially.
They don't allow it here.
They encourage it here.
Yeah.
They want you to do it because they'll show the Canadian pool for all the different races.
They show the pool on track and then they show the Canadian pool.
I don't want any part of it to me.
Sound like a cesspool.
See, I think horse racing is a lot more enjoyable if you just pick one just for fun.
You don't have to have been on it.
As opposed to some of the peanut gallery that's saying, I really wish.
Someday, someday when maybe there's a big race or something, you've got to come to Woodbine
and just watch with me the people that stand around and their motto is, I have no line.
And they don't beth.
They just watch the peanut gallery I call them and just stand around and they give people
advice, oh, cash it out, cash it out.
And they stand there.
There's one guy called Mr. Pension.
He's there every single day.
He lost his whole life pension on it so his wife has to work because he's totally
in a job.
He tells everybody who listens to this story a million times and all he does is stand around
and take the free drinks, never tips the waitress and just stands there and give people advice.
Every single day he's there, Mr. Pension.
And here was a guy yesterday who was talking about Medicare or whatever and he was talking
about what a great job Bush is doing and the guy sitting next to me who was a pretty
bright guy.
And that guy doesn't realize it but he doesn't have any money anymore.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, when he finds that all of a sudden Bush won't be doing such a great job.
He'll be pleased to help.
By the way, this will put a little smile on your face.
Bush is down under 30 now.
He's 29%.
He wants Jeb to be president.
Yeah, I saw that.
He thinks he'd make you a great president.
Anybody named Bush?
How about the guy from where the hell do you call him?
Reggie Bush from Southern California.
Reggie Bush, yeah, Southern USC.
There you go.
I think about Vernon Bush, the Jackie.
Yeah.
Isn't Vernon Bush a Jackie or the CEO?
I think so.
How about Nick D. Peele?
What was his name?
Nick D. Peele, the Jackie from Suffolk Downs.
He was a high-lyah.
Remember that?
Yes.
Oh, I could throw some names at you, man.
I could throw some names.
And then we'll start throwing some harness racing names from Old Rockingham Park.
I couldn't, I know that.
Yeah, me there.
These are the things that my mind is cluttered with, God.
WGD, Alavera.
Oh, boy.
What about ET Beard?
Yep.
Where the hell's he riding?
He's still riding.
I think he rides in Texas now.
Oh, he's the alone star.
That's where he rides.
That is correct.
Boy, you are.
You're really sick, just like me.
Yeah.
Okay, well listen, have a great day.
Keep it in your pocket now, because you've got a big weekend coming up.
I am.
I'm not doing anything today.
What's tomorrow?
I mean, big tomorrow.
It's a big race day.
No, yeah.
Saturday.
You think tomorrow's a big day at Niagara Falls for me.
So I'm going to be taking back all that money I want to see if I can give it back or not.
I'm going back to that same machine, man.
Well, I hope it works for you.
I know where the good machine is.
I'm going to plunge my guts out.
Go get it.
Have a great day, YouTube.
He'll up beast.
The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and collars.
And you not reflect those of the beastly brothers.
That's the type of solution.
That's the type of solution.
That's the solution.
Oh, you do, man.
I am.
For the water day.
Rock solid.
Yeah.
You're just...
Why are you bastard?
Everybody, hey, everybody, all the time.
Yes.
That's the way of life in Florida.
For me, I would praise and anger.
And I'll scold.
Said, you know.
Everybody, hey, everybody, all the time.
Absolutely.
Right beside Color Man's center.
It's where it's a franchise of the days.
And they don't want to hear.
You fight.
They're added to the flight shower.
With a machete, they threaten us by shooting to the ball.
Then, in the grandline of our tower.
I go and do some wickology, mad at those.
You pay for everything.
Everybody, hey, everybody, all the time.
So how does it feel to do something that freezes what's being from Pablo P.
Okay, 10-16.
All right, let's get into it.
We got to get into the break.
We got to get with it.
We got no Josh Cortes today.
He's having an undeserved day off.
No, but the good news is Tommy came in here to sit in there so that I can sit in here and add things to the pole.
Oh, good.
Because we got a building pole today, I would think.
I would assume.
Thanks, Tommy.
Anytime.
Now, who is responsible for that boarder open?
I think that was George's, though, wasn't it?
But they screwed the board up for me.
Yeah, I was George.
But it was just said that to blame Tommy for your...
No, I ran the open, but like everything was shut down on the board.
It's back in the head, Tommy.
Cut off his drug supply.
10-17.
If you love voting, that's a given,
and you can produce about everybody in South Florida that like to be out there on the water.
They order.
But if you ever thought about buying a boat, don't do that.
Do something a lot smarter than it is called Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt Rent right now.
Why pay the expenses of owning a boat when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
Join the club Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt Rent.
You'll be amazed just how they easy to make it for you.
No docking cost, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, or no hurricane preparation.
With a boat from Club Notico, it's totally stress-free and truly affordable too.
Call 1-800-Bolt Rent.
You don't have to worry about getting the boat ready because Club Notico does it for you.
No cleaning up either because, like I said, they take care of all of these...
All of these things.
And Club Notico lets you just hop on the boat and go, and you've done plenty of the dock.
Get off and leave. It's that easy for you.
Club Notico, call 1-800-Bolt Rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small, both to the outcharters.
Club Notico, call 1-800-Bolt Rent.
And let the folks at Club Notico tailor or plant-a-fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today.
The smart, the inexpensive, the hassle-free way with Club Notico, call 1-800-Bolt Rent.
This is Neil Roger.
What solid, this is by 162 pay as...
This is the base.
But that...
You.
I was gonna go to class.
But then I got high.
Daddy got me into Yale to pass.
But then I got high.
Now, every word I say is messed up.
And I know why.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
All right.
I had to go to Vietnam.
But then I got high.
I tried to hide out in Alabama.
But then I got high.
I was way too scared to fight.
So I had to lie.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
After 9-1-1, I was king.
But then I got high.
I had to catch that of some, a ding-a-like.
But then I got high.
Instead, I attacked a wreck.
And no one knew why.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Now we've got a big deficit.
Because I got high.
If Republicans are throwing a fit.
Because I got high.
Now the whole country is messed up.
And we all know why.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Because I got high.
Any questions?
Yes, Mr. President.
What about health care?
I ran in Social Security.
What are you playing to do?
Hold on.
Let me think about it.
You know, I say we get them home-motion stead.
10-22-560 WQ.
I'm happy Friday.
We got courage to do this afternoon.
But I must be a mistake on the schedule.
You think?
Well, I see that.
So I see why?
Because we got Gelly from AdDog, 4-630.
The Quoting Deccan sunrise.
We got the squeaker from 4-630.
Marlon's on Deckid, 630.
Then the Marlon's at the Pirates at Soto 5.
In the meantime, on 1360, Amy got Hurricane Baseball against Wake Forest.
Any interest in that?
And then 80K.
After the Marlon game on QA and following all of that?
So anyway, no Josh Cordis today.
So they were going to like just stick us with an empty room in there.
And my luck, the one day in first time in ages,
that we got a poll that requires the audience maybe to add several Zidian names on there.
And you weren't going to be able to do it.
But we stuck it to him.
Right.
Tone it through for us.
Hi, it's going Tommy.
Thanks.
It sounds really thused about it too.
558 votes on it.
But while we got a whole lot of other stuff.
First here's the goodness from Iraq.
Four more US Marines died in Iraq when their tank rolled off a bridge into a canal.
It was an accident, not a result of enemy action.
No, you think that makes it better?
That was an accident, not a result of enemy action.
Families will feel much better.
That's correct.
And there'll be a little bit less dead.
And took place yesterday near Karma.
An ally in Bar province west of Baghdad was bad Karma.
The Marines were signed a regimental account by team 5.
This brings the US military death toll to 2434.
Any interest in nobody cared?
I almost didn't know who kicked off American idol that's all I care about.
I don't care about how many dead Americans in Iraq or how many lies or how many phone calls are being tapped.
In fact, probably don't call us show anymore because your phone will be tapped.
Oh, here's Eddie Jr.
QAM.
Bird.
Oh, an online nine now.
No one.
Which one was that?
Is that the fake Gilbert?
Yeah, that's fake.
As opposed to the real one.
Who's calling online now?
Which means he's paying for it.
Where's that a toll free number?
Oh, he's in toll free.
Oh, I'm not kidding.
Here's the toll from yesterday.
If your parents didn't indoctrinate, you are religion when you have chosen.
1481 vote.
Agnostic 380.
Atheist 313.
Well, that's bad.
That's almost 50% of the audience of us are even bastards like us.
I hate this poll 243.
Buddhism 157.
They like the ball spot, I guess.
They like it rubbed on the ball spot.
Who does it?
Catholic 98.
Ball spot, I said.
Jewish 87.
Generic Christian 52.
Just your pedestrian catalytic generic.
Goiom.
Rost of a ferrian is in 41.
That's because they think they're going to be smoking a lot of that...
God, my God.
What do you mean, think?
That's what they think.
By the way, do you know what's his name?
Bob Marley.
He didn't die from lung cancer.
And he died from...
Oh, he died from cancer.
Was it lung cancer?
I really don't know.
And you were dead?
No.
Miami.
Really?
That lung is placed?
That's right.
Born again Christian, only 39.
Too many repressive things there.
Too much repression and too much whatever.
Scientology.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
That's still morning.
Say, did you hear about the...
You remember that story about the guy who drove 12 nails and had tried to commit suicide?
No.
Yeah, there was a cop in about three weeks ago.
Oh, okay.
Well, the nail gets through.
No, I just thought there was a rumor that you did that after listening to Lenny Martez on 2-4 hours.
It could be.
Yeah, that's possible.
I think he could have listened almost any day to it.
I heard it was after an overdosing guilty.
Scientology 21, Islam 13.
I heard it was after he heard the Dan La Bastard for about two minutes.
Sick.
We got 10 now of people in the audience who are desire to be sick.
Keep listening, you will be.
Mormon 9, Hinduism 6, Amish 5, Amish and Amish.
That's really Amish, the Amish.
I used to think it was pronounced Amish.
I don't know why it was that.
It was that.
Amish.
It would have long beards.
In fact, what's the difference between the Orthodox Jews and the Amish?
The Amish ain't got no synthesis.
Seven days of Venice 5 and Joseph witnesses, Solomon Tadeaus.
Most of our audience don't want to go around knocking on doors, peddling the watch tower.
Oh, the final days are here.
Oh, any minute now, the final days.
You have to be responsible to be your final days.
I'm going to need real soon to get the hell off my porcelain.
Get out of here.
That should be the response.
Any religious get-kins who come to your door trying to pedal religion,
kill them right on the spot.
Okay, that'll teach them.
They won't do it again.
Guaranteed.
And here's the days pole right after the break.
I don't have time.
We got backed up for that long crossover again.
We also have long took the hang to jump all over the beast again.
He's monitoring me.
He said, and that they's not today to be gripping him.
And as soon as I made some kind of a comment right away,
you're talking about how the fat helped to insulate him from, you know, the trait.
Now it's probably a good point though, wouldn't you think?
Absolutely.
Fatty is not good for you unless you need some insulation, little panning.
Mm-hmm.
As Tommy, he knows all about fat.
Okay.
Man, a walking pencil.
Jesus, God.
Hey, how much do you weigh about 175?
Get out of here.
Get out of here yourself.
I weighed myself on your scale during your show.
I'm 75.
That's right.
He's a tall man.
Get out of here.
You can easily do it.
You weigh 175.
Sure, what a.
Maybe the 75 part, I believe.
You make your incorporateer look like a...
a blimp.
You know, he wears those baggy clothes so it makes him look like a little bit of a...
Yeah.
I think it must all be in his leg.
Right.
Don't ask or something.
I'm 174.
It's right side.
He has lead balls.
I weigh like 189, okay.
And I'm a tub.
I'm a big fat old Jew.
Are you kidding me with 175?
Yeah, but like what?
5253?
529.
Oh, okay.
520, my ass.
That's Georgia thinking about 510.
Your ass is 520.
Yeah.
What a...
plus...
1028, a QM.
Hey, you want to really fantastic meal.
Not just...
And don't forget, Mother's Day is this Sunday, right?
This Sunday.
The melting pot's the place to take mom.
I bet you're not taking your mom to the melting pot.
You took Josh Cordist there.
But mom, no.
Right.
She probably wouldn't appreciate it anyway.
She's probably...
her taste is in her tux, is what I said.
But if you have any kind of taste at all, the melting pot is a memorable four-course dining
experience.
You dip in all kinds of fantastic things, man.
All those delicious melting pot dipping sauces.
You start your dinner out with melting pots for an out cheese fondue, served with three
different breads, your granny Smith apples and crisp veggies.
Just dip them in duck up in there.
Watch that cheese just drivel down your chin, like that pepper-only juice.
Next, you choice the salads, all of the melting pots homemade dressings.
And then the on-praise-in-food lobster, filet-manione shrimp, cajun-season chicken, pork,
portabello shrooms, duck and onts, more cooked and oil are brought.
And then, to top all of this off.
And like I said, take your time, okay, because it's a major dining experience.
Take your time when and out, space it out.
Because for dessert, the chocolate fondue is the best thing you ever put in your mouth
in your life, bar none.
Dip fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, all your favorite fruits in there.
Cheesecake brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crustoros and grained
crackers and lots more, too.
It's a real tweet.
And speaking of tweet, why not take mom to the melting pot this Sunday for Mother's Day?
In fact, all the pots are going to be open Mother's Day Sunday at one.
Reservations are filling up fast, so make yours today by calling the melting pot near
by you and give mom a real treat you'll never forget.
The melting pot is in Fort Lauderdale, Kendall, Coral Springs, Cooper City, Volca and
prestigious North Miami Beach.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
For Florida, Mars is this fall in the radio.
Tonight, the Mars Seacombs of Peacequart Pires.
Presentate by my pal, Salah.
The coverage starts at 6.30, an exclusive presentation of sports radio 5.60 Q.A.
Am.
It's Friday, you bastards.
It's Friday, you bastards.
It's Friday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
There was no heart, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
It's Saturday, you bastards.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
Jesus Christ, 15.
You've been there?
No.
Niagara Falls, 44.
You've been there?
No.
Really?
Yes.
I'm going tomorrow.
In fact, what I'm going to do is take a barrel.
I'm not going over the farm.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I'm going to put my money in the barrel and put it over the falls.
I think that guy that called earlier, he might have been from Jamaica, man, with the funny boys.
Listen, I got a place for the poll.
You got a place?
Newberry Port, Massachusetts.
Absolutely beautiful.
Newberry Port, I never heard that in my life.
I lived in Boston for two years.
I don't know from Newberry.
I know Newberry.
In fact, I lived right off the corner of Newberry Street.
There you go.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I've been there many times.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I feel so Canadian these days.
I just got.
My lady, three hundred, and I brought to the place,
Paced her the day, you be cold.
I have moved your family here,
But don't make me move you down there.
I can't lie to you all,
You are mine,
You can move the police here,
One by the hand.
I strayed inside my entire
car,
Can be cargo, go to the car,
I have moved your family here,
And streaked under my car.
New very poor, by the way, just like I said,
VURIY.
But that's okay, Eric can correct your own misspelling.
I try to tell you, but you won't listen,
Because you're a hard ass.
That's right.
I understand the way it works.
And after today, this weekend,
I'm going to like to rejigger this whole show.
Okay, I am.
Can we even say that?
I just said it.
I'm going to enjoy through it,
But I'll say it again.
I'm going to rejigger the whole of my whole concept of this show.
My whole, you know, I think Miguel's got a point,
Even though there's nothing new with Cuba,
But I think he's got a point.
This audience, America,
They have no interest in these things, you know?
And the only reason Steven Culver,
That thing got to the big deal is because of where he is from.
That's the reason.
The following thing,
It's just like the Daily Show,
Okay, as good as it is,
And the only reason that
Young people watch it is because it's satire and humor.
That's why.
Right?
Well, there you go.
So in other words, you think anybody who's the age of 90 wants to hear some old facts,
Faggot sitting here reading about the news stories,
Thinking he's going to like change something or like illuminate somebody?
Yeah, sure.
No.
Forget about it, man.
You're in life.
You're a fault.
You're the one who keeps pushing these stupid ass bedtime stories.
Everybody else, I know.
Stop reading those stuff.
What does Tommy say?
You don't like these?
It's a scrap to you.
No, someone actually pretty good.
Get out of here.
What is he, is he like sharing with you today or something?
Get out of here.
He told me.
First, he weighs 175 pounds.
Now he's an intellectual.
I want to hear news stories.
God.
You don't have to be an intellectual to be interested in the stuff.
Yeah, man.
Like that.
Yeah, man.
It's important.
If you weigh high, seriously, that's got to be the biggest lie.
Even the management there doesn't lie like that.
Yeah, the Galic calendar, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, the store may come get over on that scale.
Yeah, very nice break.
These are spring led shoes.
Yeah, led shoes and heavy duty, lots of drugs, man.
Those pockets are filled.
This must be, he must be peddling for the weekend.
Today, he must have all his supply for the weekend.
Right.
Take the fishing lures and the sinkers out of your pocket.
Yeah, weigh in music here.
Oh, who is this?
Aaron Hielius says, I wouldn't read too much under the lack of interest in your linked
to scholars for 9-11 Truth.
I looked up and up myself as soon as the color gave it that URL.
Keep up the good work.
Truth is on our side.
He has your demi-god.
That's cute.
demi.
Hey, demi, why you do this to me, demi?
So the result is, you know, with this key chain out of the pocket.
Why should this do me?
It will shoes off.
Yes, 172.
Oh, my God.
I told you it was exempt.
It's not great.
Yeah.
That turns me hope, man.
If I can get down to 172, I'd be just as scrawny as that, plus, of course, if they stretch
my butt.
How tall are you about 6'2?"
No, 6.
Oh, so only 6' feet.
Yeah.
Soon I got 3 inches on me.
I sure do.
Well, that's what does it.
I don't know.
6'1.
You weren't supposed to respond.
You see, you are going to get to it.
You're going to get me to respond.
So much trouble before 11 o'clock.
635 hold on there.
You see, we can't go there.
Don't you understand?
We can't say anything any more.
So the idea that we're going to be amusing and retaining humorous.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, forget about that.
That's ancient history.
That's all in the past.
Now we have to be real bland.
Remember, Bobby, blue bland.
Let's go back into that crap again.
Bland.
635 hold on here for the most beautiful place in North America.
Kauai, Hawaii.
I got to go see that.
145 before I die.
I got to see Kauai.
Vancouver 79.
They're all smoking a big one there.
Big sir, and they're all smoking a big fat one here, too, as a matter of fact.
Big sir 75, 76.
Palm Beach Florida 55.
And you were making, you were fooling that this morning, George.
Yeah, that's still it.
Palm Beach.
Much of plastic A-holes.
I'll say it again with a lot of money.
Adirondacks 51.
The Grand Canyon 49.
Niagara Falls 47.
Once you've seen it though, you know, there's the Wax Museum there.
And there's a bunch of other tourist traps.
It's something that's like the Grand Canyon.
I'm glad that those are right side by each.
It's kind of thing you should see once.
As opposed to like other really fantastic places in the world, if we did a worldwide,
like the Colosseum Hill, Colosseum Hill and Rome, you can see that a thousand times
and never get tired of looking at it and walking by it and sniffing it and thinking about too bad
it didn't kill a lot more Christians there in the area, you know, through them to the lions.
That's where the Romans really blew it.
That's what I hear.
Niagara Falls 47.
Glacier National Park, Montana 41.
George says it's great.
How many of them in the Shelby, Montana?
Yeah, that's not great.
And that's correct.
Like a giant cattle pasture where they were.
Lake Tahoe 39.
They all had orange hair, man.
They all looked like the boots to look like cartoon characters.
What does it all mean?
States east of the West Montana.
And they wanted me to do that morning show called TTO, this, that, and the other thing.
And I said, no, I'm getting out of here.
Well, I'm into the high spots.
I'm dishing for big jobs.
Shelby, Montana.
What was that place in Arizona?
Yuma, Yuma, Arizona.
I think I started growing a tumor when I stopped into Yuma.
Lake Tahoe 39, Savannah, Georgia, 27.
You don't want to go there.
Why could you be Chowai 17?
Now, that's, that's gotta be a, I don't give it.
San Diego, California 8, Alaska 4.
Cascade, Cascade Mountains, Washington 1.
Where did that come from?
You put that on there?
Oh, I put that on there.
It came through at a factory that last.
Oh, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming, none.
Grand Teton, I don't think we can say that.
And Newbury Port Mass, none.
And we, thanks Eric.
Eric spelled it right, but don't say mass.
So that's where you know where it is.
How about Cape Cod?
Cape Cod.
Let's get that on there right away.
I'll tell you something ugly.
There is a rosy.
In any state, she's always, she's said, in a human state or a subhuman state.
What a cow.
Oh my God.
What a big fat obnoxious pushy bull-like.
She makes me sick.
Here's something that's gonna cheer everybody up though in this crowd.
When we did the pool the other day, but what they wanted here most on the show,
we should have put bush bashing.
Do you think we got a lot of votes?
Uh-huh.
What, Georgia?
No, I'm a taxident.
Oh.
I don't scare me like that.
Bush bashing would have got a zillion votes or at least...
But third, man.
What's that many?
President Bush's job of appropriating his fall into its lowest mark of his presidency.
Oh!
According to the New Harris Interactive Pool today, every day there's a new pool and every day keeps going down.
Keeps going.
Even Kathy Willett's never went down this often.
Of a thousand three U.S. adults who are waiting to telephone pool, 29% take Mr. Bush as doing an excellent or pretty good job.
Menza, menza.
Down from 35% if on significantly lower than the 43 in January.
Appropriating for Congress, overall also second, I was standing 18% for your Republican dominated Congress.
Roughly a quarter of U.S. adults say things in the country are going in the right direction.
While 69% joy say things have pretty seriously gotten off on the wrong track.
And if nothing worse, they're getting off on the wrong track, Joyce.
This has been the trend since January when 33% of the nation said it was heading in the right direction.
It rac remains a key concern for the general public as 28% of Americans said it consider right to be one of the two top most important issues.
What's the other one?
Oymigration debate.
16% of Americans consider it a top issue down from 19 last months but still sharply higher than 4% in March.
The Harris pool comes two days after a downbeat assessment of Bush and a New York Times CBS news pool.
And of course keep in mind this pool was taken before the USA Today's Builder Beans yesterday about all this eve dropping it's going on.
The NSA.
The NSA.
It'd be four days before that.
So if anything it's going to keep going lower and lower and then when it starts having a minus in front of it then you know the public isn't quite as stupid.
They're just slow.
If they're not dumb, they're just a little slow.
All the life has to think dumb is a compliment.
Happy Friday says this fact from a very very chronic oh yes Russell again chronic.
Well this is a chronic in cocoa.
Saying Hawaii is in North America is accurate as saying there's no National Guard in Iraq.
No, I hate to bring it to the news to but because Hawaii is part of the US it's technically we can call it part of North America.
In addition to which it's our pool we'll do whatever now we want. How do you like that?
Yeah.
Trump.
And then it gives me a song that ends about seeing the world atlas.
I don't care what the world atlas is. Consider yourself nitpick. Yeah, yeah, pick this.
Go pick your gun in the field somewhere.
I call it a he's a chronic.
Chronic fax is chronic car is no difference.
Vanden main thing is I have no way he's nitpicking with me.
I already explained at the beginning of the show why Hawaii is acceptable and it's based on what I decided.
Okay, I'll decide. My freaking show I'll decide where Hawaii is.
In addition to which I guarantee I've been Hawaii I held a lot more times than Russell has.
If he's ever been there.
I've seen diamond head.
Jack Lawrence seen diamond head. That's what I'm hearing anyone else was out there Raymond Burr.
Yeah, also was a lot.
All those those wealthy in fact didn't Raymond Burr by an island or something?
I don't know.
Who in hell knows? All those stars with a lot of money.
Still giving it to us they go out there and they buy their own property stuff like that.
To get away from all the horse balls like us 1056 we got Curtis coming up into all happy day.
But then it for all on happy day.
Oh my god.
The squeakmeister offered a mad dog a quarter of that can send us having guilty on for mad dog will be like having.
Have we like having Lenny Martis fill in for water.
Cronkite.
Whatever you drive in a budget.
Yeah, Marlon's on decades history.
Marlon's after pirate 705 in the toilet bowl.
Those two teams man between the two of them they couldn't win a fixed game.
Hurricane's baseball against Wake Forest on AM 1360 the cat at 750 in 80k follows all of that.
So a swell today's Friday but there's still a ton of you out there even thought about.
Mother's day will guess what it's this Sunday it's two days of eight.
There's still time to make it seem like you put a lot of thought in your gift by sending an original for Montetibers.
Still got time sending a bear gram is so much more personal and fun than those dying flowers that will in fact sometimes the flowers get there already.
I will didn't broken next up for Montetibers last forever.
They're even guaranteed to last for life.
You can only get them by calling your friend.
They were a counselor when they've had an eight to nine bearer by shopping at Vermont City Bear dot com.
Your mom or wife will receive a beautiful bearer little with a free card.
Gourmet Cromwells and a gift card in a colorful gift box.
And Saturday delivery delivery tomorrow is guaranteed almost anywhere in the country.
They'll help you take her a bear just for her like the nurse to teach you the business woman or gardening bear.
Check out the new All American mom dressed in the patriotic sun.
And rest holding an apple tie and for all you mama's boys out there send a mama's boys bearer with a heart-shaped mom tattoo on his arm.
And dads like every year it's your job to get the wife to get from the kids.
The mother and cup said is the great way to go at as many cups as you need and they'll embody your kids names right on the outfits.
So call one eight hundred eight to nine bearer.
Do it today or shop online for Montetibers dot com because if you do do it today if you do do, Saturday livers still guaranteed.
Send a creative alternative flowers from others day at one eight hundred eight to nine bear.
One eight hundred eight to nine B.E.A.R. and tell me that old crusty Neil told you to call this is Neil Roger.
Neil God this is five sixty two eight.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your friend.
Any questions?
The assistant's up Senator Ted Kennedy.
Have you been put on a no drive list as I have?
Here's your chance to earn your license back with help from the Kennedy driving school or the first thing you should know is to stay away from the fridge and water.
Of course buildings are served as an obstacle as well with the Kennedy driving school.
You will join the ranks of many other bad drivers such as a James D Lindsey Lowhand.
They tell me that's in full up.
Jan Barry.
Sam Anderson.
Harry Chapin.
Larry lighting.
And of course Ernie Copa.
Joe Fahia immediately if not tune up to the Kennedy driving school and your little license faster than I can run from supporting any measures introduced by a rough fine gold.
It's 1101 at 560 over to QM Happy Friday to you may drop Mother's Day is this Sunday, pre-carnished next Saturday.
What's some heavy duty stuff coming up?
You know the big highlight of the whole next week?
No.
Oh, you got it.
You're catching on here a little slow but you're finally catching on 1230 exit for us on Thursday.
Marlon pregame show and Marlon's in the Braves in Atlanta.
All right. Love those Marlon's.
Let's build a mistake because if they ever left and we really get screwed.
Here's one that says another chronic.
I just can't take it.
I can't handle the chronic anymore.
What would you stop?
Stop already.
Okay. Stop.
Let's get some new and different idiots.
I don't mind idiots but how about some new and different idiots?
I'm just going to let them out of the bus.
Oh God.
Being that Mexico is in North America.
My vote will be Cabo San Lucas is this chronic.
Okay. Put it on there and get him off.
You know.
Of course we didn't say the continental US and we didn't just say the USA.
We said North America which can be whatever the hell we want it to be.
And if any, you know, the for why is the 50th state and why the hell can't it be part of North America?
If it's part of the USA, right?
You jackass, you chronic, you lifeless.
I have no problem.
And of course he said, he'll fix it again.
He can be damn sure.
Oh, I'm so offended and I'm not chronic.
Yeah, you are. You're the chronic and cocoa.
We know who you are. Chronic.
I recognize the handwriting.
Just, and of course this radio station that goes out there and builds that audience, you know,
one who was listening over the time, like about one a year.
Now I guess that's why they want to extend my dear.
You know, so maybe we get like 10 new, if I can live till 73.
And getting like 10 new listeners before I croak before they milk every last ounce of blood
out of this pathetic old fat cheesy body.
You have any idea what's like city here in my box?
You're sure it's in behind me because this was a bedroom, you know, before they made it into a studio.
And there's all these, you know, the sliding doors with the amiris.
And if I sit sideways and I look back there, I see the most disgusting protest.
Oh my god.
Yeah. I just big fat poop a king and I cover that mirror up.
So I may wait only like around 190, is sure a little bit less, but probably in 50 pounds of that is flat.
See, there's a difference.
I'm not lean in mean like some other people.
Mean part, but not the lean part.
WCYM Hello.
Line one, mark it down for the engineers.
QIM Hello.
Hey, good morning Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, I really want to pull late last night, but I always thought the green canyon was one of those beautiful places that I've been.
Well, it's in there.
It's a number five at the moment, number six, two four or five.
Super du, and I also want to let you know I'll be one of the two people listening to the Hurricane baseball game tonight.
All right. Then be sure and listen, be sure and drive in the day so you can hear the signal.
I will.
All right.
Yeah, 1360 man.
I worked there. I know what kind of a crappy signal.
They got catch the cat.
How's my old buddy, Sid Levento?
And you know, you didn't, when I was out with Hank, you forgot to mention, and I forgot about Floyd Patterson, because Hank wouldn't remember who that is.
Because you guys don't even know who that is.
Boxer.
See, Judge Tommy knows who it is.
He was 71 when he died.
Yeah, you already saw that.
Get out of here. He saw it on me.
Come on.
He already seen it.
You wouldn't know.
You would know Floyd Patterson from sunny Patterson.
It was sunny Patterson, is?
No.
George would guess.
No.
Well, all these names that I was to winner, who are they?
Oh, hardest drivers.
There you go.
Very good.
See, that Tony and George knows his craft?
Sonny Patterson.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that says Mr. Neal.
Yes, Mr. Faxcher.
The most beautiful place in North America bar none is Victoria, British Columbia.
Oh, let's get that on there again, to Victoria, BC.
Hey?
Don't be confused with Vancouver.
I'm not.
I understand the three different places.
I've seen some of the beautiful footage.
You know, the mountains and the waterfalls and all that stuff.
Victoria has more of a laid back lifestyle, less people, but, but, has exceptional nightlife,
beautiful ocean views with snow-capped mountains, a great film industry, and in a macular downtown
that is terrific.
Oh, I'm going there right now.
See, people who are friendly and welcoming.
Well, that's here, too.
People in Toronto are friendly and welcoming.
Some of them don't smell too good, but nobody's perfect.
That's because they're wearing their turbans too tight.
Temperatures never dip below 45, never rise above 80.
Pure paradise, probably the most magnificent place on the earth.
You must go to Victoria.
It's paradise.
No one is going for a honeymoon, dad.
Somebody will wait.
You're going to eat a loaf.
Now, what the hell is this?
Oh, look at that.
Where the hell did this come from?
The fax machine.
I know that.
The 70-day ticket is looking for new ticket chicks.
All right.
We're looking for attractive, outgoing girls to work with South Florida's number one sports talk radio station.
70-day ticket.
Well, what is number one?
And what?
Number one in what?
Guys that used to work in the newspaper are still due.
Guys that lie a lot?
Number one, my ass.
Joel, you'll have the opportunity to work with some of the communities.
Biggest sports celebrities participate in fun promotions and intense and great events.
Oh, yeah.
This sounds like a come on to me.
Biggest promotions are modeling experiences of plus.
Modeling experience is a plus.
Is this for real or what?
Please send photos and resume to Radler at 709 to the ticket.com and 8-brown at 709 to the ticket.com.
This is going to be a joke.
I don't think so.
This is in or around South Florida.
No, it's not okay to contact this poster with services or other commercial interest.
Compensation 25 bucks an hour.
Well, what does that mean?
For every hour you get $25.
Oh, what kind of a rate is that?
Of course, you can even get tempest storm for that anymore.
I'll pay that.
I bet you would.
56055050 we're working for beautiful places where you'll find beautiful people like some of those Chinese Canadian people I was telling you about.
I'm still I still get like week in the knees thinking about some people I've seen.
Yeah, yeah.
I just the way it is.
681 and that's a good sign.
Like I told you that when you stop having that reaction it knows you're either dead or right on the verge of it.
Well, there's that big oil explosion in the pipeline, the bonsai pipeline in Nigeria.
Of course, they'll say, oh, well now we've got to raise the price up to 80 bucks a barrel next week because we had that deadly blast into the oil pipeline.
And the outskirts of Lagos, Nigeria.
683 on the pool.
We're going to you think we're going to the thousand of day even without Josh.
I think we can do it.
In fact, that's doing honor the beast.
All right.
This week's the illan.
He got into a five car crash and he was the patting in the middle.
He got like a groin pool and a tear and a this and a that.
And hey, so this shouldn't be like a ragged omda day because he's illan.
But he's out of the hospital.
He's at home.
He's probably listening right now when the area is.
Don't make him laugh.
Okay, don't laugh too hard wherever you do.
And I'm serious.
And the same day he's in a car wreck.
I get that big, very fancy, fancy wedding.
You get yours yet?
Yeah.
You know, it's a black tie affair.
Yeah.
I'm going to have to run the tux.
Oh, it's one of those deals.
That's not what he should have been sent that thing here.
Well, he wanted to impress you.
You think I could get a candle?
Let me use it.
One of them.
The time you get invited to the wedding?
No.
No.
Well, you're already way enough.
Send him your invitation.
Yeah.
And that's right.
I'll send it down there.
Give it the time and he can show up.
He won't eat as much.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Yes.
Yeah, Neil?
Yeah.
All right.
Listen.
There's one more left.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Beautiful downtown.
How do you know it's making a go back?
Yeah.
You know something?
You're people.
Some of them need to turn around and go back.
I don't want to, like, you know, he needs to go back.
Yeah.
He ain't no dizzy or anything.
I'll tell you that right now.
He ain't even no poopy combo.
He's more like poopy compost.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
I'm E.F.
And I'm from Draven.
Yes.
So great.
Next one, segue.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Who's those waiting up?
Yes.
What's up, buddy?
Are you doing well?
Are you sharing an anniversary with Dwight Lottardale?
30 years in the business.
Get out of here.
Yeah, I was learning, man.
Yeah, I haven't.
He had a better mindset.
On a new scatter five o'clock, they put, like,
different people from the community on their congratulating them.
Anyway.
Yeah, I've actually had more recognition on Instagram than I did.
The beauty of that.
That turned out to be a big deal, man.
All this time I thought that that was going to be like a milestone.
Turned up to be like a turd stone.
You're even had glorious step on it, all right?
Yeah.
All right.
This is the core of the only house, because on Lake Tahoe, isn't it?
See what I was just telling you a couple of minutes ago?
I see you in by my statement.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
It puts Max to fit again off in the basket.
Oh, those damn senators got lucky one again last night.
Damn it.
That's a pretty good game.
The second period, especially Buffalo, was all over them like Stink on Greg, man.
It was incredible.
But they just couldn't put the other guy at the time, and that Daniel Briar, there was one hell of a play, Danny Boy.
I'm actually thinking again, I'll figure out my team any time he wants, man.
Number 61.
Hey, Max.
What do you got?
5-6-7-0-5.
Sister, they missed a wide open effort.
That was kind of bad.
Not good, Max.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
70Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Oh, for me, oh.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Good.
I got one on one fear pole there.
Excellent.
The Smoky Mountain National Park.
The people are a little bit, but they're near, near, near, near, near, but you know, other than that, it's beautiful, I bet.
Smoky Mountain National Park.
Now, where is that?
It's on the border of North Carolina and Tennessee.
Oh, my God.
They're probably not around 4.41 runs right through that.
I'll take your word for it.
Thanks a lot, Pat.
All right, bye.
Smoky Mountain National Park in Tennessee, North Carolina.
Maybe it's in your neck of the woods, but I doubt it.
I've been there.
It's in the opposite neck of the woods, but I've been there.
Oh.
Now, is that near that, oh, what else is the thing that they always have the bumper stick?
Because then we were talking about in South Carolina.
What's that place?
I know it's nowhere near South Carolina.
What is that place?
I mean, actually, it is.
What is the place in South Carolina?
Yeah, or in North Carolina.
That place where they always have the bumper stick around near.
We talked about this just a couple weeks ago.
Well, you're all the time, there's a lot worse than me.
It's on that bad, weedier Smoky Mountain.
Oh, my God.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Hilton Head, Iowa?
No, no, no.
It's like a big stookies, you know, like a place where everybody gets off.
It's like a amusement place, six flags.
No.
Close.
Now you're warming up to it.
Somebody will know.
Six Fags.
Six Fags, Atlanta.
Yeah.
You ferry.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, who's Hank Goethe or the wedding with?
Uh, his mom.
Hank and Mo.
Mom.
Hank's mom has been dead a long time.
What do you say that?
That was in such bad taste.
Well, that's thinking on Hank's mama?
Never better.
Well, you're not going to...
Now I don't think.
You're going to take a turn.
Oh, man.
This goes your PO to your mama.
I don't be picking up everybody else's mama.
Next thing you're going to be making across the comments about my mama.
This is New Roger.
P.O.3, you're waiting here.
This is 5.16.28.
Why the...
You bastard.
Well, I've been a fiber-pinker-fanker.
Pick up pepper.
I've been a fiber-pinker-fanker.
Pick up pepper.
How many pickled peppers did we get better?
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Pick up pepper.
Oh, where am I going?
No, I'm just kidding.
It's all you had for your voice.
Maybe I want to shoot myself with a gun.
It's all where...
Ooh, breath a little hurtful, baby.
You're the movie of the old game.
Ooh, I agree with you, baby.
I'm much taller than playing.
I'm much skinnier than a ruper.
I want joyous freedom.
Ooh, that's a nice effect.
I won't have to kick you my jibby.
Oh, I was my mother.
I can't watch next week.
Boy, I hear you're crawling in the nursery.
Oh, my God, you're nice.
Thanks for the funny memory.
Ooh, you're certainly welcome, I'm sure.
Not that you've done, you must be busy.
Why are you like him, I have some blocks to head going.
Just like a warm summer time, baby.
Like a warm breeze of a fanbar talk.
You're about to go.
I am out the door.
I'm gonna see you tomorrow.
Oh, I'm gonna see you tomorrow.
I'm gonna see you tonight.
You're splattered by the fire.
You're finally doing your off the day.
I'm out the way.
Appreciate the homies, baby.
All the hard work for John Stevens.
Well, I'm gonna see you in so few.
And for your voice.
Maybe I want to shoot myself with a gun.
I can be right.
I have a lovely humorous.
You're the only one today.
Oh, you have American Idol, baby.
That's where it's at.
I made an idiot's.
We're just glued to that the other night.
We had a separator from the TV screen with like a crowbar.
I told Whipped Up About American Idol.
Her?
No.
So anyway, what else got on here?
Did somebody else, oh, newberry ports still don't have any?
And it won't.
712 votes.
The most beautiful place in North America by far says a factor is
BAMF National Park in the Canadian Rockies.
Well, let's get that on the right away.
Thank you, Harry.
A very, whatever your name is.
Very, uh, very.
You fail.
At least it's a different factor.
It's somebody in dear field beach, right?
It's somebody different on the facts.
Let's hear it.
Thank you.
I'm looking forward to a different video.
That's gonna be our goal in 2006.
Here from some different goofballs, right?
Yeah.
It really part of the old one.
It looks like the facts machine, mon, and on the phone machine.
Floyd Patterson returned his trouble down life around with boxing
and overcame despite a gentleness position, the World Heavyweight
that champion became died in New Pulse, New York yesterday with 71.
He had suffered from Alzheimer's disease for about eight years
and had prostate cancer also, but other than that, he was in good shape.
In the 52-Hell Sinky Olympics, he won the Middleweight Gold Medal with five knockouts and five fights.
Then in a 20-year professional career, he won 55 Vots lost eight and fought to one draw.
His total persons reached $8 million at that time a record.
He was no, uh, Mike Tyson thank God.
He was a good guy in the bad world of boxing.
He was mild, sweet, retirement-requisite, impassive, and aesthetic.
He spoke softly and never lost his boyhood China's.
Customado who died in 85-Fran Patterson throughout his professional career called him a kind of a stranger.
Red Smith, a New York Times sportscom, is called a man of peace who loved to fight.
He won the Heavyweight title twice, knocking on Archie Moore and Inga Bar Joe Hansen.
He lost it twice, defending it successfully seven times and failed three times to regain it.
He generally weighed a little more than 180 pounds, kind of like Tommy.
Light for a heavyweight, but he made the most of mobility fast hands and fast beat flexes.
There is where the big money is going to be for you, Tommy.
The world of boxing.
Boxing.
Yep, look at it.
Lightweight.
Flyweight.
Let's see.
Oh, that's it.
Thank you very much.
Couldn't even be referring to South of the border.
That's it. South of the border.
How can we didn't know that?
I don't know where you're talking about still.
South of the border?
South of the border like in Old Mexico?
No, South of the border.
You never see those bumper stickers.
Everybody goes to South of the border.
It's like right at six fangs at land.
Tommy said that I haven't.
Yeah.
Are you better get with it?
South of the border.
What?
Yes, see, this is the problem when you're, you know, narrow in scope like you when you say Hollywood all the time.
Hollywood and North Carolina.
That's it.
If you get around Amsterdam, Rome, the little pop-on South Carolina, right?
Sam faxes and says yesterday they had Joseph Gackie and for the mad dog.
Why in the world don't they have Curtis to the mad dog show?
And outside of the day, Curtis is not on to it at PM anymore.
WQM programming sucks.
Let me say they're Sam.
Absolutely correct.
I think they don't like Curtis.
He's not part of the fraternity is what it is.
He's not Jewish.
He's not one of our clearance's boyfriend.
And as a result, he only gets the only throw on the token bone every now and then.
He keeps throwing it back.
For the poor, your semity.
Have a great plunging week in says Sam.
Thanks a lot, Sammy.
See we get some new idiots.
I mean, maybe see some of the older ones of different names with who cares.
I like the way he spelled Joseph Gackie.
Thanks, Sam.
Your semity.
You got it?
National Park.
Got it.
Yes, the light.
In fact, just on A and E, three or four weeks ago, I started thinking remember the murders at your semity?
Yeah, I do.
I see that.
I like A and E, I like the biography channel a lot.
A lot.
Don't you like them?
Yes.
Pretty cool to zone biography right now.
100 calories a day.
That's all she was just like Tommy.
How many calories a day?
20 pounds.
And was that her?
Dude, what's up with you on my way?
13 pounds.
I don't know.
I just find it.
I find it shocking.
What the?
When you know people and they're skinny and usually assume they weigh like 140 pounds so can
when they come to find out.
I don't understand that.
See, Tommy isn't really skinny but you've seen him in the context of this building where everyone
is fat.
Yeah.
Oh, is that what it is?
I don't know.
It's all relevant.
Right.
I see.
So in other words, his relatives are fat but he's not.
Actually, yeah, oh, my relatives are fat.
Yeah, well, so they're Americans, evidently.
Apparently so.
Six, uh, fives.
What is it?
Five, say, I don't even know what the number is.
I'm so in coherent.
It's because I'm thinking about next Thursday and that's because see, actually, for the next
Thursday, we've been out away from exiting here already.
From Exeter.
That's where I live, man, between Newbury and Exeter Streets.
I've come all the way to Boston for those of the days, man, good food.
I went there.
I weighed 150 pounds.
I left it to 12 two years later.
Did I balloon up like a blimp or what?
Yes.
You know something?
I don't regret a minute of it because the food there was just to die for.
Oh, Prince spaghetti house and Brigham's ice cream and throwing Nemo's and really, really
good pizza, you know?
See, there are certain things in South Florida that people think, you know, like pizza and
some sandwiches.
They just, I don't know what it is, but they don't make them like to do in New York and
Boston.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
Togies, grinders, whatever you want to call them.
I mean, nothing like Boston.
Oh, God.
Just to die for.
The fallout was swift and fierce, boys and girls.
Outrage customers wanted to know just what information was taken and how it was used after
the USA.
Today reported yesterday that telephone companies supply the records of tens of millions of
Americans to the NSA.
Lawmakers called for investigative hearings and said the controversy could complicate what
the House efforts to win Senate confirmation of Air Force General Michael Hayden, the CIA
director.
Her group retails us.
President Boycee came to deflect mounting criticism, defend it as domestic intelligence
programs saying intelligence agencies, fiercely protect the personal information of Americans.
Right.
But that provided little solace to those who think that the promise he's been seriously
violated.
Jason Blank, 25 a Sunday, said, people should be scared to do it.
We don't know what they know and what they're using those numbers for.
You go, Jason.
Not everybody was upset, however.
For me, it really does matter because it's not like I have anything to hide.
It's a long, trun-long hole, 21-A-Vology major at FAU in Boca.
Sounds like some kind of a hole to me.
I like that.
Long, train-on-hole.
I don't have anything to hide.
Oh, that's good.
That's a good excuse.
So let's just give up all our rights because we've got nothing to hide.
What a jackass, long.
What a long jackass.
Quite a USA today.
Well, we already know that.
Verizon did that yesterday.
Bush denied mining or trawling.
Like I said, the other day, he looks like a definitely an old troll.
Take it from this old troll.
I know one when I see it.
I can smell an old troll for a million miles away.
Old troll.
And he's always late.
He's always got me when he introduced Haydenia.
He's always got that more whimsical and never like confused.
The deer in the headlights look on his face.
Yeah, it's the medic.
Is this going to help?
No, it's not helping.
You're down to 29% Pozo.
You double, you butcher, you lunatic, you maniac.
And all I crap about, well, here's the present after all.
Well, good for him.
I got the OJ story.
Do you see that?
No.
You're going to puke your guts out when you hear this.
You are absolutely a view-eating A thing yet?
No, it's on its way though.
Oh, out in Cuba.
What is that?
La Cata Occulta, La Luna.
What is that?
What are we talking about?
Daily dose.
The occult face.
Oh, they're got a daily dose.
It's a they're out in Cuba.
I think it was something kind of a...
Yeah, thing.
Not that there's any of those people in Cuba, you understand?
No, they all came up with it.
They all moved themselves forward.
This is Neil Rogers.
Who held this is 5.60 Q.A.M.
You drugs back in?
Uh-huh.
You must be very, very quiet.
When colds and allergies have your needs of passages
feeling like a plugged up rabbit hole.
Rabbit?
Well, reach for the double-barreled relief of suitify.
Like a shotgun and pill form,
suitify'd hunts down the toughest sinus problems.
There you are.
Take that congestion and that post nasal dweep.
So whether it's cold season, allergy season, or rabbit season.
Kill the web, kill the web, and reach for suitify.
It'll blow away your wascally cold and allergy symptoms.
So I have 31 votes in a poll.
I think we're going to make that 1,000 by hook or by crook.
And if we don't, we'll just stay on a long time.
We'll come back between 4 and 6, 3 instead of guilty.
What do you say?
Here's that OJ story.
It's going to make you just uptruck, man.
Right.
You're got that.
I got the bucket.
Trust me.
In a scene from his new candid camera program, Juiced.
OJ Simpson pulls a prank involving the infamous white Bronco,
drug criticism from the family of the man who was accused of killing,
accused my ass.
As part of the pay-per-view show, Simpson pretends to sell the Bronco
and use Carlaw and boast to a prospective buyer
that he made the vehicle famous.
According to a segment aired Thursday on Inside Edition.
It was good for me.
It helped me get away since instead of referring to these
slow-speed televised police chase that preceded his 94-a-rest.
I'm charges of murdering his ex-wife Nicole and her husband,
her friend, whatever, Ron Goldman.
Goldman's father Fred told Inside Edition he found Simpson's comment
morally reprehensible.
Well, Simpson is morally reprehensible,
so why should he be talking like some kind of a mentor, right?
Right.
Like some kind of a civilized human being.
In fact, when I asked him, I remember the human beings,
the name of that song, when I asked him who killed those people
who said nobody about me, that was by the human beings,
wouldn't it?
Right.
Right.
See how these all fit together.
You're following this or not?
I don't think so.
Yeah.
In the criminal trial, Simpson was like,
oh, we know that, but much of that judgment, 33 and a half million
remains unpaid.
I don't think you ever paid anything, did he?
No, that is bad.
Not a dime, not a single solitary dime.
And that's because probably Greg and the scurran were busy getting
his next trip all set up to our studio all the way from Kindle.
That is one of the days that will live in broadcasting infamy,
man.
When they whisked his ass and they pay the flyman from the West Coast
to fly him in for the Neil Rogers fundraising golf tournament,
after assuring me, they're promising me that they were
going to have none to do with him.
Remember that?
I'm sure you did.
Yeah, but we did yesterday.
They even saved that level.
Yeah.
And then they tried to make Tracy Kurosato, who is there for about five minutes
until he was on to their lies and BS, they tried to make him the fall guy.
Oh, you're going to have to take the fall for this.
And he said, no, thanks.
I'm out of here.
I go and Tracy any money that he makes that hope will go to satisfy the
multi million dollar judgment, maybe against him in the civil case,
and then make sure you glory all red, the lady in all red.
The hour long program is doing on pay, preview this month.
Oh, I'm sure that everybody there, brother is going to I know some people
who pay to watch it, paper, peg, screw in, summer, and of course,
the water now.
See, she still there is they find to get her ass out of there.
No, she still love running around.
But she's still living.
It doesn't hurt.
Who the hell she's fighting for now?
The hour long program is doing on pay, preview this month on a DVD offering
on a sensitive material be made available soon.
Juiced executive producer Rick March, hold a A and P.
Other practical jokes include Simpson, the sky is an Elvis impersonator,
a vagabond selling oranges for money and elderly man leading a bingo game.
Simpson wasn't paid for the program, March said basically,
OJ decided to do this because he wants to do it.
He wanted to have fun with it, March said, didn't get paid for the program.
Do you believe that?
They probably are paying him out of the table.
Because otherwise, he's got to get part of the right to the goldmins and the
browns and the greens, Freddie Green, used to pitch for the pirates.
OJ, you just can't get rid of him, man.
Just can't get rid of him, although there's one way comes to mind.
I'd be real careful next time I hopped into Bronco, OJ, if I was you.
That's what I'm thinking.
Because somebody probably don't like you somewhere, wouldn't you think?
I would imagine.
739 votes.
Now I'm thinking, how come I don't put this on there?
But I'm thinking like Durand Eastman, Park and Rochester for the Lilox this
time of the year.
I've actually the Lilox are a full bloom, man.
Oh, I got to go over to Rochester and see the Lilox.
Not.
Maybe if I just go down the lake and take a, oh, probably it's
locked in the rest lake Ontario, isn't it?
Yeah, take a sniff of Rochester.
I hear it stinks these days.
739 votes on the pool.
What's the most beautiful place in North America?
It's sure as hell ain't candidate when the York all the lake is kind of
pretty.
You ever been on candidate will they?
No.
Cucalink.
Cucalink.
No.
Ceneca Lake.
Only been to the city in New York.
Oh, I see.
New York.
That's the only place in New York state you've been.
You haven't been to Buffalo?
No.
I'll congratulate.
I'll congratulate.
Good.
You don't want to go there.
And you also don't want to go to Niagara Falls, New York.
If you go to Niagara Falls, go across the border, go to Ontario, eh?
Don't go to Niagara Falls, New York.
You'll be real sorry.
It's a turlid.
You'll think you're like in Opalaka.
One of those white people.
Kauai, Hawaii is leading the way 165 in Georgia.
It's very skeptical that many of you have been to Kauai.
It's just not on most people's right.
Tinerary.
Most people of us want me to go to Hawaii.
We go to Oahu.
Honolulu, Waikiki, right?
I would have met.
And yet, look how far.
Oh, let's move it up a little, but not even close.
I want to go to that leprechaulini.
They got Molokai.
OK.
See some lepers.
All right.
A close and personal.
Maybe touch one.
Can they change their spots?
Vancouver 79, Big Sur 79, the Grand Canyon 65, holding the ground.
I don't know.
I mean, they got called before it's a moisture.
Beautiful.
Yeah, I've seen it.
When you go to Vegas next time, take the tour.
You know, they fly over and you look at it and they fly right down in there.
Oh, yeah.
Look at that.
Big hole in the ground.
Palm Beach, Florida 59, at a Roddags 52.
That's OK.
Lake Tahoe 49.
That's beautiful, man.
That is something else breathtaking.
Niagara Falls 48, Great Gratio National Park, Montana 46.
Savannah, Georgia 28.
Man, you people need to get around a little bit more.
Waikiki Beach 24.
Right.
Now, these people are telling us that Savannah is more beautiful than Waikiki Beach.
I don't believe you.
I do like that.
I wouldn't say you lied.
I just say you're full of it.
Maybe those people, that's as far north as they've been.
Right.
Is they been loud?
Now, let me ask you this.
What do you, oh, I'm looking to map.
Don't cheat.
What do you think is farther north?
Savannah, Georgia or Hawaii?
Hawaii is south of the snow.
You sure that?
Positive.
Now, vine there.
It's not an animal of Pacific.
And the water, man, is so clear.
The Pacific is so clear and so warm.
Unlike the Atlantic, which is filthy and schmutzion,
all that crap washes up on Shurina.
Not in Hawaii.
The water is pristine and clean and warm.
I tell you, I saw that baby whale this
when I was swimming in one day.
I sure it was a baby whale.
How do you know it was in the day?
It was a dolphin tank.
No, it was a baby whale.
Maybe beast.
Was yellow.
Baby could have been the baby.
Don't be picking on the beast on the day
that he's like, Ellen, that's what the hopper said.
Don't pick on him today.
What kind of whale was it?
Humpfack.
It was yellow.
It was yellow, seriously.
It was beluga.
Cadillac.
Alaska 18.
What's who the hell wants to go up there?
I once picked up a hitchhiker from Alaska.
What do you go to Alaska?
Here, it's beauty.
It wasn't from Alaska.
He was living there.
And the only way he could get there was to go to Nome
and then take like a rowboat and go to wherever he lived.
Right?
His name was Chuck Bryan.
Wow.
What?
You remember his name?
He was in the library.
Oh, I remember a lot more than just his name.
Believe me.
His shoe size?
No, but something else.
San Diego, California 11.
Smokey Mountains, National Park 8.
Well, I'd say those were the days before America became so,
when you can actually pick up hitchhikers.
Oh, brother.
You'd have to be a crazy person to pick up a hitchhiker now.
Would you agree with that?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Back in the old days, I hate to.
In fact, I think Chuck Bryan was one of those people I was like,
I'd drive an I-10 out to, what was that going?
Do you know Arizona?
Yeah, well, I would never pick up a male hitchhiker in any of them.
I understand that.
I understand that.
Anywhere that I would pick up a female hitchhiker.
We do understand the difference there.
It's called a thing.
What do you see a female hitchhiker?
They used to be.
Are you kidding me?
Get out of here.
There used to be female hitchhikers.
Get out of here.
I'll pick one up.
It was a lifetime ago.
These days, they're hitchhikers, but they're just,
they're something else.
No, they're not.
There are female hitchhikers.
Okay.
Maybe it looked like guys, but then you find out a little later on.
Grand T-National Park, Wyoming, six.
Victoria, British Columbia, Oli, three, so far,
but that's going to go zooming up there.
I've seen it.
I haven't been there, but I've seen it.
Caboza Lucas, Mexico, three.
You're a semi-dynamic park two.
Cape Cod is only got one.
Come on.
Cascade mountains, Washington, one in Newbury, Fort Mass, one.
That's guy called it in.
Because nobody ever heard of it.
Cape Cod's only got one.
You ever been there?
No.
Oh my god.
The Kennedy's a little.
They'll put you up there.
In high-annice.
High-annice.
All good visit to the Kennedy's.
That's why.
I'm going to have a few brews and high-annice.
You know who that's named after by the way?
Let me give you a food.
I'm going to have a lot of it.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Yeah, it's that high.
I thought I was going to give you that.
That's where I think I ate it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got Curtis at 2 to 4, boy.
I'll give you a little bit of a breather in there.
Let your eardrums until that comes along afford a day.
Boy, I'm looking at next week's schedule.
Should I already tell him?
I already got it.
Oh my god.
Seriously, he's got to have the naked pictures.
There is no doubt.
There is no question in my mind.
Monday, we got both 2 to 4, but then we got
4 to 6, 30.
What was that going to be?
Joe the Gaki at that.
Socks, right.
Now, he's not on there next week.
Oh, wait a minute.
I take that back.
Tuesday, 2 to 4, we got
at the hard rock, and Curtis also
4 to 7 with Bo.
Curtis and Bo.
They're trying to like mix and match.
Wednesday, 2 to 4, we got
Curtis and Josie, 4 to 7.
Then we got that ball game on Thursday.
With a pregame of 12, 30.
Who follows the ball game?
Oh man, which is bad.
Thank god.
Thank the Lord.
Then Friday, 2 to 4 again.
A man with the naked pictures.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6.2.8.
By the you bastard.
Hello folks.
Thank you, Ed.
What's that?
Ed McManus, and I'm here yet.
One of you have seen him lately.
You know it won't be long now.
It's great to be up here in heaven, don't tell you.
It's better than the alternative.
In fact, you know, it's so hot down there.
I'm glad you asked that.
It's so hot.
They're thinking of ring naming it Los Angeles.
Oh, it's going to be a night like that.
Okay.
How about this one?
It's so hot down there.
Who day and who say as Hitler?
If they could borrow a couple of his thongs.
Oh, okay.
I'm having a great time here in heaven.
Yesterday, I played golf with Bob Hope.
Today, I'm playing tennis with Arthur Ash and tomorrow.
I'm recording some tracks for two-packs next album.
What's it for me?
I have to go back in my room.
Thank you for putting me up in the Michael Jackson suite.
Turns out Michael's not going to need it after all.
Think about folks as hard to come.
Here's Johnny Misa.
I think that was emblematic of his show.
It was just the kind of humor that he was famous for.
Week.
Now, you can't say that.
He was an icon.
He was legendary.
I never thought he was even remotely amusing.
It's 11.45 a.m.
Seriously, he says the New York City.
A new CBS New Deal on Stern's suit.
Don't we have to have an obligatory Harvard Stern story every day?
Apparently.
I think that's written in my contract.
In fact, I got two.
I also had another radio story.
And we are thinking very seriously about getting back into radio one of these days.
Warriors for CBS yesterday told them Manhattan judges that they're close to settling its lawsuit against shock-jock Howard's firm.
CBS filed a suit in February against Stern as agent and serious satellite radio.
Faming he breached his contract by taking up his new talking up his new gear on Sirius while still CBS's radio division.
And let me say it again.
They could have taken him off here anytime they wanted to, but they didn't want it to because they wanted to bleed all the cash out of them that they could.
Is that correct?
Yes.
Stern, what's the food today?
I bet you it's how-is.
Yes, it is.
You know it.
Oh, you get a little stop over to in there, huh, Mr. Fanzo?
We've got a pay for road in the church.
Sure, somehow.
No, you're not going to get stuck there all day, are you?
Who's coming out at noon?
No, I'm here for a while then.
What kind of a deal is that?
This is the guy who's got a-
Oh, we have a boat-shout-day job in there and they-
I'll tell you one thing though, thank God Robert Creeper didn't go in there.
He knows better than that.
No, I had walk out.
I had walk out.
I don't want to be-
Oh, here comes Creeper now.
I don't want to be anywhere near that close to it.
Yeah.
Is he coming in here for the food?
Oh, it's pork, so I doubt it.
Oh, it's pork.
I heard it wouldn't be the first time.
And sure-
And sure-
We call the suit a personal vendetta QCBS of bullying him.
We have an agreement with our details that have to be worked out.
CBS lawyer, Irvin Nathan told Manhattan Supreme Court judicial hearing officer Ira Gammerman.
Irvin Nathan Ira Gammerman.
Oh, it comes to her Jewish.
We're very close to settling Nathan said.
Steer and lawyer Pete Partcher declined to comment.
Peter Partcher.
The suit claims that Sirius got free time because Sirius Stern used the CBS Airways to vote
his move to the satellite network.
The suit claims Steer and Stern stood again financially at the series subscriber-based
group and the payments team were accelerated because of his honor mentions while at CBS.
Let me say it again.
They couldn't take him off here anytime they wanted.
They didn't do it.
They wanted the money.
The parties are expected to let the Jews know by Wednesday whether or not they've settled a cave.
But they're working on the outside of the settlement.
They're making a deal.
Deal or no deal.
And speaking of radio, the next fight in the ongoing battle over in decency fines could happen next week.
On the four of the U.S. Senate day, the bill sponsored by the unshist, the right-wing lunatic
Senator Sam Brown back at Kansas, is back on the table.
We'll be likely voted on next week by a Senate committee.
This bill would multiply current decency fines by 10 fold with the maximum jumping from 32,500 to 325 grand.
And if you think Joyce is repressive now, you just wait.
We just wait until if they do put this thing through.
We won't even be able to say, not even the word, much less a sniff one.
Other indecency bills have been floating around the house and set up for the past few years since the 2000s for Super Bowl and Janet Jackson's Nipplegate incident.
In fact, just last week there were reports of a new push behind the House version of the bill led by Senator Bill Fist.
However, that moved to hotline the legislation was blocked.
New indecency legislation has been stymied by a Senate Commerce Committee chairman of the unshisted Stevens of Alaska,
who's stayed in the past to prefer families and individuals, police, what they see in here, rather than using higher broadcast fines.
What a concept.
However, sources tell the LA Times that the bill will go before the Senate Commerce Committee for a vote next Thursday, May 18.
Oh, we get a chance to vote on it because yesterday we get off early.
I'll take the pink eye out to LA.
Conservator organizations have lobbied extensively for a higher indecency fines and seem certain they're working to pay off.
Once it's on the floor and allowed to be voted on, I'm sure we're going to win.
Tom McCluskey of the Unchist Family Research Council told the LA Times.
The family research conference.
A bunch of far-bisoner right-wing going to think that they're going to decide what you can hear, what you can read,
and everything is so dirty.
In what could signal a frightening new fact of life?
Oh, my God.
The age of global warming.
Canadian and US forecasters are warning that another major hurricane season is brewing in the Atlantic Ocean.
Oh, that's the last thing we need to hear, isn't it?
Yeah.
And I bet you there's a whole lot of people that still are putting their aspects together from Wilman, including me.
There's a lot of blue tarps up there.
Still don't have the Appadio screen yet.
The pool patio.
No screening yet.
The 2006 hurricane season officially opens June 1, which is not that far away.
In fact, the summer schedule, George, is not that far away.
I hope you got a lot of good pool ideas for this summer.
No, no.
Oh, I'm thinking of a lot of good pool ideas.
No, but they have nothing to do with this show.
Let's see. The season opens officially June 1, already scientists are telling people, living in North America,
that numerous terms are predicted with as many as five major hurricanes packing winds of 180 miles in our ore, greater.
Thank you.
Are you like that?
A risk-cada-copyable to what we were looking at last year at this time said Bob Robo Show, a meteorologist with a Canadian Hurricane Center in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Last year we were looking at probe of 15 storms, and this year the forecast is from about 17.
No one would go out and limit say it's just going to be as bad as last year, but the indications are that it's going to be another active season almost twice as active as normal.
Could be that global warming, could it?
No.
Couldn't be.
Yeah.
Okay, let's add about 100 more on this support.
Why do you're eating lunch?
5,670560, pound 560 in the horizon. I'm eating too much of that pasta, I think.
Really?
All of my sugar is good, and I mean it's okay. I just think I'm eating it too often, like four or five times a week doing you think it's a little bit overkill?
Possibly.
I like it.
Well, why would it be possible?
I don't know.
What's a disagree?
Oh, it knows.
It's great.
Most say it's good for you. It'll keep you regular.
It does that. It's got all that fiber.
782 on the pool.
I don't know about that thousand of you. It's Friday. Friday's often a kind of a downer.
What is the most beautiful place in North America?
Kauai Hawaii 165, big sir 82, sir. Vancouver 80 in this downhill from there.
Cape Coyd stills when they got one at that frost my ass.
WNQYM, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Pally?
Okay, sir.
Two things. Number one, the church is really getting scared now with this DaVinci code coming out.
In front of all these churches now, we will crack the DaVinci code that really are standing on the edge on this one.
They're going to really have to answer a lot of questions.
Can I read some obscure news that said the Canadian DNA chest has confirmed the first document in case of a high bird, polar, grizzly bear in the wild.
That's all I got.
Oh, now that's Stephen Harper. I think they did the DNA on.
56705, 60, pound five, 60. They would know if Stephen Harper from Harper's Bizarre.
What was the song about Harper's Bizarre?
Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan.
Fetal and Groovy was that by Harper's Bizarre?
Fetal and Groovy, remember that song?
No, it was something if that was right. I'm not going to.
I don't have it.
You don't got it?
I mean, feel the Groovy's telling the American.
Don't talk about it at Garfuckle, to me.
Dan, Dan, oh yeah.
What's that?
They didn't do that.
They did.
Let's see. One moment please.
Don't just stand in a drag city.
What am I looking for? Fetal and Harper's Bizarre.
Harper's Bizarre, 67.
50 now, what was called the 59th Street Bridge song,
Feeling Groovy by Harper's Bizarre?
Well, I'm telling you, I got a brain for crap like you would.
Somebody got a brain. We did it then.
Huh?
They we did it then.
Yeah, I know that.
A lot of people we did a lot of that in Virgin.
Yes, they did.
I heard Simon we did Garfuckle, too, is what I heard.
In Africa.
We started singing all of them Swahili songs.
784, 70, 70, 40, we better get over 800 by the top of the hour.
Confidence is going to be like,
Come see Come saw.
Menza, menza.
Not too big.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
You can go ahead and get in.
Yeah, oh, very good.
Back today, but yesterday was Thursday.
Thursday, it's the treatments, man.
Him and his chief go for treatment.
Those are the ones.
Oh, WQ, I am hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, regarding not being able to say anything,
entertaining on the radio.
I was correct.
I don't know if you heard, but Phil Hendry is actually leaving radio June 25th.
Oh, if I heard it, I'm going to say,
I don't know if you heard it.
You mean, there were instances where the first ones that had that on a go-way pal?
Go-way.
Then if we heard it.
Oh, are you sure?
Had that on ages ago, man.
Remember, how long was that?
Like, two weeks ago, we had that story.
We don't miss a thing, sir.
You better get with it.
You better start getting a new altitude.
God.
I don't know if you heard it.
And let me ask you, do we really care?
No.
No.
I mean, once you've heard Margaret and the other four horses,
the first 5,000 times, you know, it's a little stale.
And then, of course, his new right wing, Ramble.
But the Musqueat Ramble, it's the Phil Henry Wright wing ramble.
Now that he's going to be a big TV star, man,
that performance on the TV show that he's got has been re-greeted just by
Howls and the Hoots of D'Arijian.
WQA M, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
WQA M, hello.
I'm by Paula.
Yeah.
WQA M, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Have you heard about Star and Buck Wilde at DJ in New York?
Yeah.
We have been talking about, yes, they.
It's old news.
Old news.
Oh.
I'm-
Sorry, who he's going to say.
Y'all to me.
You're about to start in Buck Wilde.
I got canned and he did this and say he was going to do sexual things to
his, uh, the other rappers kid, uh, all this other crap.
Never heard of it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Old news.
Old and stale.
Like most of everything else that emnits from South Florida.
Old and stale.
You can smell it all the way up here.
This is Neil Rogers.
It's a nylon.
This is 5.16 QA.
Hello, everybody.
And this portion of the Neil Rogers and your 12-to-1 hour is brought to you by the
Let It 12.
One two group of 5-8-8-9-11-12.
The license of pizza.
All for me.
And-
K-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k.
Good boy.
You know it.
We can decide.
Now, how do you do?
Pat, I pizza and show.
I'll give it to my teacher today.
Now you can't take my wheel round the mold.
All that makes my mind my sore.
Rack them.
The best years of what remains of my life.
I can't tell his place.
Trust for all time like me, going hell on the views of the blissly impertinent men's room.
I've had enough for you, dear guy.
Not you just asked a boy like I had.
You best just show me what isn't there.
You die in your mouth.
I'm a fatal father, a victim, yeah.
I'll hand my kids back in for you, the card that I drove on count.
I go to my office and clean out my desk.
That is the fire we had in our guest's sorrows.
I think you asked.
Left up to both girls, pulled up all the plates.
They watched the softest fellow men's.
Best of all.
I want those men to wait in the burn of helpless waiting.
When he got to end now, for a day to be eased.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, there's almost something guarding here, basically wooden laquelle is Peyton's
Oh, where are you going to be, Mr. Reads?
Oh, where are you going to be, Mr. Reads?
Oh, where are you going to be, Mr. Reads?
Oh, where are you going to be, Mr. Reads?
Oh, where are you going to be, Mr. Reads?
Oh, where are you going to be, Mr. Reads?
Oh, why, you don't go out with me
You're way too slow
You get the food
Where are they?
It's low on the street
But I shall be fast on my feet
I think you're out
They call you Mr. Reads
Cut all three at five sixty WM
And we finally eclipsed the 800 Bury
Aren't you excited about that? We got 806
Go to the death of that
Okay, Augusto National says
Chronic John and Columbia South Carolina
What are you trying to tell us John?
I have no life
Jesus, Augusto National, we got it
But I think I'll play golf there
So, I guess, you know, that must be it
Two places in Jojo on our floor. I'm not believing it. Although this scenery was really beautiful in the deliverance one
Yeah, that wasn't really George that we heard right?
It wasn't
No, they told us
We're watching
I don't know
I think it was probably in Fort Myers was read over by the Beasley compound
Especially when it were like to talking about Eain Tree and when they had the kid up there with a banjo
That was definitely by the big the banjo boy group Inc. Don't fight at stock by the way. You'll rule the day
It's going in a turlip 806 votes on the pool. We need a whole bunch more really nifty names on there though
Wait till you hear this speaking of broadcast stories
Bangkok, Thailand a Thai entrepreneur has launched it. How come nobody has said like some exotic place in the South Pacific or our pool because that's not North America
So you're right like Hawaii in the South Pacific there would be like saying Hawaii. Hawaii is not in the South Pacific
Okay, whatever you said you're telling me Hawaii is in the South Pacific
It's why it's right smack in the middle of the Pacific right that South of us well
Take a look at them and say and take me your glow about take a look at it. Okay. Here it is a Thai entrepreneur is launched in internet radio station to put dogs in a better mood
It says Thailand starts dog radio station when I saw the headline of football
We sure got off of those in this market like across the street and a pan
Bunchan director of a dog room in school said he launched dog radio, Thailand this week because he has seen
Music improved the mood of dogs he grooms. That's something
During classes he turns on music for the dogs because the music puts the dogs in a good mood
And they're more willing to let the groomers handle them. He said the programming on dog radio, Thailand, calm mainly comprises Thai pop music
But bunch of plants who have spanned offerings of which to this jockey will talk to the dogs in Thai and the canine listener will be encouraged to respond
Now wonder if they if they bark in Thai at 9 a.m
We may have a dog reading show which will repeat
Sawasdee which means hello over and over and Sawasdee
Sawasdee if we say Sawasdee in some houses the dog may lift both paws and response in some houses
The dog may lift only one paw it depends on how the dog was trained and upon set this in the sick
He said if we play a slow song we may have the DJ howl because dogs howl too when they hear sad song
That's something I don't know the music they play on magic a lot of people howl
Sorry Ricky, but you know it's true. I thought I had one in the new year
We don't get 900 by the top of the hour. I'm leaving. We got 813 right now
Agency rejects triple a dot triple ex domain name
Now what I do with my run Jeremy story
Uh-oh. I don't tell me I didn't put that one out. I don't think I did it. Oh no
Oh, you hear about run. I'm gonna get back on that boy. I don't know what I'm gonna do now
face with opposition from conservative groups in some pornography websites. Let me just take a look
I know I printed that out. Maybe I'm losing my mind. You think that's possible. Oh no
Maybe I order a Schmidt candidate that's very possible too
face with opposition from conservative groups in some pornography websites the internet's key oversight agency voted
Wednesday to reject the proposal to create a red light district on the internet
The decision from the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers reverses its preliminary approval last June to create a
.xxx domain name for voluntary use by the delta entertainment industry
Now you know in Amsterdam on the um polls they have a what they call those things those posts they have on the street
Yeah
Late posts. No, not land post not that high just those what they call those damn things like a rail or
I don't know what they call but anyway xxxx is like the symbols got nothing to do with sex by the way Amsterdam
Surprisingly enough even on the root of aciline what does it say for I don't know I can that's international corporate sign
And yeah, yeah, it had post-mole making the final decision August after the s government step in just days before a scheduled meeting
To underscore objections that had received an intervention that had led some I can critics to question the organizations independence
The board was certainly very conscious of the controversy
But the harder the decision today was not driven by a political consideration icon chief executive Paul Trumy said and a view that followed more than our discussion
In a closed teleconference meeting
Trumy said the decision largely came down to whether creation of xxxx might put icon in a difficult position
I've had it in the force all the world's laws governing pornography including ones that might require porn sites to use the domain
Speech related laws. You know they're often conflict with one another
Well, you know there is no more free speech in America anyways. It's just just my cannon
You don't even don't even ask he said concerns raised by various governments around the world did prompt the company proposing the domain
ICM registry ink of Jupiter, Florida
To make changes in its bid, but the changes did not address all the questions concerning enforcement
I trans rejection of
Dot triple x and nine to five vote ends for now a six-year-old effort by ICM to establish a domain for the porn industry
I can first table. It's been two thousand out of fear will be getting into content control
When the board initially voted last year to move forward with the dot triple
Iced to contract details had yet to be written they argued the domain would help the twelve billion dollar online porn industry
Clean up attack those using the domain would have to abide by yet to be written rules designed to bar such trickery as spamming and malicious scripts
Anti-porn advocates over counter that decides to be free to keep their current
Dot com address and making porn more easily accessible by creating yet another channel to house it and the audio audio
Democratic senators max bachis of montan and mark prior arcanso have introduced legislation that will create a mandatory
Dot triple x leave it to those democrats man the porn industry trade group free speech coalition
Please a domain name for kids friendly sense to be more appropriate. They have kitty porn and that for kid friendly science
So there you go more repression see all these people. I'm gonna say it again just like on our website
It just it just tears your guts out and no surprise, but it just tears your kissies out anyway
Yeah, and you had some nerve to knock that guy in for laridale effects is the warness
We'd probably all be in jail right now
We wouldn't stop putting those naked pictures on our website
Remember that he or her list of that new law that went in effect like last June or whatever
And the men we stopped putting the be the curtain on there with the naked pictures the daily response on our website dropped in half
50% man 50% just almost vanished because all they want to see they they don't care about these great stories that we put on
There they're not interested in all this crap and about what really happened on 9 11 or about what the
Stephen Colbert said or about how bushes a dodo bird they don't care. They want to see naked pictures. That's period. Is that correct? That is correct
That's all I care about I'm thinking if we just had if we had a website with only naked pictures
We get 10 times the response we get now every day without any stories correct
In fact if I could speak naked pictures instead of speaking English
We get we have a 40 we have a 90 share booby
Ass
What don't look at me. I'm done. That's are you done? That's the only Facebook we can say. Yeah kidding me weener
We got that she goes as we got another weener
827 vote on air and keep in my eye net baby. I don't want to fall short of a thousand a day on Friday
Be bad bad way to go in the weekend
They would that would auger very poorly for my chances in the night with this weekend
But if we get over a thousand I think it's gonna be I'm gonna have fun a good machine month a really hot machine
It pays like four thousand on line five times because that's a red. I'll send you guys a couple of times
Somebody Q. I. M. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Okay, sir? God bless Stephen Colton. Yes. I watch that thing about every night
It's better than any comedy that's on TV
And the look the look on the on the chip on the chipmice or space president. Don't you know what?
Uh, he didn't know whether to scream or peel a banana
Well, I mean, you know he was smiling at the beginning, but you know by the end he was straight face
Sour there was more sour
Yeah, I like to see when he walked under the down the line and the look that Laura gave him as she didn't stand or
Extend a hand to him. I'm across you stand a one-foot digit. Yeah
Take care of Neil. Okay, see you. I've ever won Stephen Colbert for president
I'll be honest with him. I better not say it
Because you know when you were playing the audio yesterday and got all screwed up. Yeah, I'm not gonna say it
I mean, that would be like same as John
Uh, Stewart isn't as funny some people think he isn't that they has the writers. That would be like saying that. I'm not gonna do it all right
I do like Tom Cruise and John to hold in the closet though
In fact, I like keeping him there and I like offers talking body parts. Right them are good
Providence past noon a queue and that wasn't that was disappointing. That's because you build it up way too big
You know it was big though. It was one of the biggest backdome
It was the biggest talking ass ever seen. I will say that. It's a private talk. Yeah
Well, sometimes you know like your mouth is even speak because you got a whole there, see?
If you're a cigar smoker just put a big stogie in there
Yeah, that's what Bubba used to do if you're a cigar smoker you like to kick back with a good premium brand
And bahia cigars by Tony bruhani is for you
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed and aged up to 10 years
But he has a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco
But he a gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by a cigar fissionato cigar insider and 9.1 by prestigious
Schmok magazine this rich flavored well-balanced full-body dinkarock when cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee
Chocolate spice and pepper flavors also be to share to try to be here to sail
It's the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months and the sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fissionato cigar insider a powerful
Big fat cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper that finishes long and full-bodied with additional spice and a note of charge
What it is to die for for a soft food to back in his nearby you log on to the be hit cigars calm or call toll free
1 835 by here. That's 1 835 b a h i a
This is neo-roger
This is by
16 q a
new
Dubai watch world
Get closer than the United Arab Emirates in the Middle East
Seriously, hey, don't worry. We're good at recognizing terrorism
Hello
Hi mojane
Hey, I need to check your cargo container very carefully
I hear something thinking what have you got in there my friend
Our own quack
Excellent come ashore
Dubai ports world when it comes to the safe port operations we are
Coming soon mexican drug lords will take over border security and michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind
Kennedy
oh
I
No one has shadows, no hiding behind those doors
They're in the back, you've been with their new stories
Although I've been mad, I've been sinned out of them
Oh, I've died off the death
Let's just be the grave again, the fire
I should have been inside their own home
We're here to die in the country
I'm happy that I can be there and never have a phone
Why did I have to move up the bed?
When you are there, I can stay forever in that place
I'm happy that I can be there and never have a phone
Why did I have to move up the bed?
I'm happy that I can be there and never have a phone
I can tell you there's something I'm suspicious of
No one's dead, no one is in sight
Where are they that want to kill themselves?
Where are they that want to kill themselves?
I know I didn't say I didn't rightesy for you
I have no shame
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
No one's going to nail down
The world's going problem.
I'm going to say
It's my mainstay,
A Nothingness,
My
4-4-5-3-2-1
New Queen
Thank God
Thank God
Thank God
Thank God
Thank God
Thank God
Thank God
Highly spanned will be performing at Live with the Texas Subcenter at 215th this afternoon. Let's impeach the President.
855 votes on a poll. I father Ron Jeremy's story. That's a good news.
Oh, Jesus. You said it. In other words, you don't hear no. You're supposed to be all breathless about that hot sex bomb.
Ron Jeremy. He's almost as much of a sex bomb as Tom Jones only a hairier. I'm sure he's a hot bomb. Yeah, he's a bomb.
Anyway, in fact, when he was sitting across from me that day, not too many years ago, I felt somebody had dropped a bomb.
But maybe it was hell. I should probably plug this thing again after having just played that tonight. Tonight, it's tonight at 8 p.m.
He's doing a big thing on Gays and Cuba today. Gays. That's their big semesters. You're Gays and Cuba.
Mocho country. Gays, men. Assure all of alien involvement.
Luz Chains, second edition of the most provocative 9-11 documentary on the market today. The film shows the direct connection between the attacks of 9-11 and the U.S. government.
It is everyone's duty to view this film and says here it's your duty. So do your duty.
Yes, speakers, Dylan Avery and Corey Row, live bands performing before trees, the stop motion. Jessie Jackson and more to be announced. Maybe Tommy's band will be there tonight.
We're changing our names to Ilyan. Ilyanitos. The Ilyanitos. A proceeds to be known to be Darfur Advocacy Fund and Hurricane Katrina victims. And yes, we're serving drinks and says tonight at a clock,
don't be in hotels. 67 accounts. Luz Chains edition. That's got all the stuff in it. That's parts one and two.
855 and a pull man. If we got overnight and everybody the top of the air, we got it. I think we got it. We got it. Let me go away. I'm Hello.
Hi, I want to. I'm something to the poll. I got Golanberg Tennessee.
Golanberg Tennessee is the most beautiful place in North America. Well, it's beach Savannah. Okay.
Another one of your people, man. What? I'm telling you what he heard about that gay Cuban thing at all. He got all psychotic. Let me tell you, pal.
I think you're at better watch it. Assembly, Martez over to your house. Foreign star and past your argue impact. Oh, I got to do the break though before we get to
around your me little tease there. All right. If you're if you're recalled that he was in the building that out your good buddy,
I'll go see in the building. People were like swooning in the hallways. There were females like all whipped up into a frenzy.
So I guess there's hope for everybody. 26 past noon and 560 WQM with lightning quick speeds.
Latest features and security. Comcast high speed internet leads DSL in the dust. And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months with an
always on connection speed to six megabytes. Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL one five up to a hundred times faster than ancient
dial up with your downloading music watching streaming video playing online games. You just surfing your favorite sites. Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the
internet with the greatest of ease. Plus when you son up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to few features like the fan video mail Comcast
or Fcity radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to be name it a few not only that but you also get Macafee security tools
including be assured your internet experience will always be safe and secure unless yours bushes watching. So what are you waiting for?
Start doing more faster than ever before. Sun up for Comcast high speed internet today for only 9.95 a month for two months. You'll wonder how you ever
eventually get along without it. Indeed call 305 Comcast and in 9.5 for Comcast. This is Neil Roger. This is 5.16.2.8.
I can't baby. I have WQA have reasons who did more with more. How am I? I'm more having a day. But whatever.
Now listen to me. I've got unfinished business with that neighborhood about I record. I stand before you now with my previous statement pointably in hand.
There ain't no National God in Iraq. See National God. I don't know.
I mean I want to do my thing here. I'm not going to do it in there.
Can you pick us here for us or Joe Kines in a pit helmet? Ah well that's pit. Joyce as in the pit.
Nobody knows what I said anyway but don't stop me now. I'm on fire dad like Scizzy cats. Why I'm the Scizzy's.
Now I want a place in a note. This new life of leisure ain't bad. Why all of you know I'm now the hot rob of skeletal women by the pool.
They like my nice back. I got a place to my job. But I want to tell you this puzzle like my shirt off and drag.
Oh yeah I still got it. I wish I had me back. Well not idea of life. No chance. You'll let me see me and I smelly dumb again. See?
Well yeah well my ass. 1232 I think we can solve the problem if Eric will just add one more thing to the question on the pool.
Okay because we seem to be getting all these facts is all these. Well point of order.
What is the most beautiful place in North American countries? Okay doesn't that solve that? Sure.
Since the US is an North American country and Hawaii is part of the US that would solve that.
We're not talking geography. We're not talking rocket science because we got a very nice back here but unfortunately again another nitpicker.
Dean says. I've been fortunate enough to travel through and live in many parts of this beautiful continent.
It's pretty hard to come up with the most beautiful place of all. That being said I'd like to nominate the Redwood National Park for at least not over mentioned.
Well let's get that on there right away. But then he says point of order. While the Hawaiian Islands are part of the United States they certainly are not part of North America.
So we should be removed from the pool. Housing kisses Dean. Well that's for you Dean.
So when that's all of it I'm sure Eric will get on that any second now. I just told the most beautiful place in North American countries which would be.
Seems to me Canada US may he go a right and since Hawaii is part of US that we don't have to put about what all I crap.
Not that it may say a difference you understand. Our poll it's our show poll whatever kind of garbage we want on there.
Even if we want to put about the National Guard is in Hawaii five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
The Verizon cigarette or something got Curtis Stevens to make an aware cameo appearance and that's only because Geltie's got to fill in for the mad dog at four.
A quarter of that can some right. What do you Q a M hello. Where's Mo green. That's where.
WDQ a M hello. Yes sir. That one's okay. Okay. One more. Get out of here. Charm City man. Yeah. I'm out of here. Charm City.
Yeah. Charm. I asked. Charm City Baltimore Maryland. What a lunatic. Actually he's going to be calling with like St. Louis WDQ a M hello.
How about. I am. Hello. Nio. Good afternoon. I'm. Good evening. Yeah. I got a great place for the both. Over time. I am. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That many Q. I am hello. Nio. Yes sir. How you doing good. I like to encourage everybody engage in civil disobedience when you drive next to an idiot with a W of bumpers.
Should. Should. Roll out. Roll on your window and yell at them and ask them if they're happy. They voted for them. Yeah. What do you think they're going to say? Then they won't be doing anything like that again. Just just get an impeach sticker and every time you see a car with a W on it. Just put it in front of it. Okay. Okay. That's the right one.
People to do it. Okay. Shoot a few of them too. That's a new law now. That's right. Anybody that represents a threat to your future freedom is which might be some right-wing jackass. Just shoot their ass. Yes. Somebody Q. I. M. Hello.
I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm
woo.
So he's not the actual bookie though. He's friends with the bookie and he brings in serious people.
What are we talking about?
He's got the Stu Gotts.
Well, the back book he is buddy takes bets for Stu Gotts and told him that he is just as bad
as betting as he is on the air.
Horrible.
That's really bad news.
As always, I'm going to have to paramprand borrow a lot of money from Joel Feinbury's daddy.
I guess he just gets killed on a weekly basis.
Good, excellent. That's the best news we heard all day.
Thank you for having me there.
Please, pal.
Hold on, let me know too late.
I already had dumped you out.
See, once I hit that button, man, you can't bring it back.
Maybe you'll call us back. He had more and more of a story.
But I thought that was it, didn't you?
I thought it was it.
I thought that was it.
Well, you know, because this thing is like kind of delayed.
That's why he still heard like the ass-in to what he was saying then.
Oh, he vanished.
This button could look like a slowed-lady reaction.
Kind of like our engineering department.
You know, like a real slow reaction.
Like maybe four or five years later, if you make enough noise, something might happen.
But I doubt it.
Especially Bob Ramuth's around corpets in the building.
Bob Ramuth.
What a jackass.
Idiot.
They're still laughing at him and the Amsterdam.
I still remember that meal.
He came up there and how he behaved like an idiot.
Foreign star and past, past your argue impact.
I promise to this, to write threatened.
The pornography, this is from work paper.
They sent an ad in Quarer.
Oh, since an ad, you know, how prudish and right we they are there.
The Queen City.
The pornography started into the room at the University of Cincinnati.
Wednesday night to rowing applause.
He took his place beyond like, and he wondered why.
The whole thing with him is they're just yellows because he double-jointed.
That's the whole deal.
Oh, that's it.
It's gotta be it.
I mean, he is absolutely so grotesque, fat, and hairy and real
Jew-y looking.
I mean, just, oh, man.
Makes me feel so much better about myself.
He took his place behind a lecture in the same spot where you see
President Nancy Zimper once updated a crowd about her academic plan.
Nancy Zimper, I wonder if she's came to the nearly-departed
Bill Zimper, you think so?
How about a bit there be?
Something must not spell the same.
Some stood for the star.
They stood and gave him a standing ovation.
One man snapped his picture with a cell phone.
Their run the stage was Chubby Baldi, Ron Jeremy.
Star of about 1800-delt films and subject curiosity for crowd of 500
and UC's Tangentman University Center.
Then there was the other guy, the anti-Ron Jeremy, a guy in a white
dress shirt and a trendy haircut.
Less familiar to the color, it said Craig Gross is a pastor in
founder of the California Anti-Ponography Internet
Ministry, triplexchurch.com, which coined the time magazine
plans to hand out Bibles at erotic conventions.
And there's nothing more pornographic than the Bible.
Hope they highlight the dirty parts.
A lot of begetting and begetting going on in there
and wasn't by an active accompaniment.
It says either.
Abraham Pimp in his White House.
Hosted by the UC Programs and Activities Council,
a tour on campus to debate pornography and fuel questions,
they had a similar debate last month
with the University of Rhode Island.
Gross called Pornate Chief Substitute for the real thing.
He said it's addictive and creates
unreal fantasies and taints people's views,
especially men's about sex and women.
For some people leads to a dead end,
Gross said.
Anybody out there ever have a dead end?
Jeremy said pornography can be empowering to women.
It's not as harmful as Gross claims.
He's called it part of the wide world of entertainment.
Nothing more, nothing less.
How many of you saw porn before 18 gross ass
the audience emphasizing its easy availability?
Several raised their hands,
but look Jeremy responded.
They're all healthy, happy students.
After each man presented a side of the argument,
students lined up to ask questions
that range from porn,
role and sexual violence
and the spread of sexually transmitted diseases.
How each felt, oh yeah.
How each of them felt God looked upon pornography.
I hear you like this.
He invented it.
How God felt about pornography.
I heard you like the amateur.
I heard times you just feel so weak.
You know, you just want to throw your arms up in the air
and just give up.
How do you think God feels about porn, oh, huh?
Ron, hey, Ron, what do you think God feels about you?
If God was like in a pornography,
wouldn't let Ron be, I had that big puppet.
You got a point.
Yeah, he would never let him appear in any of those flips.
God made him too.
Well, what does that say?
That, well, that proves right there, there is no God.
I'm sitting here looking at mirror back there
and I know for sure there is only...
Damn God!
That's all you got.
He's got a six-hatsy human.
Who's that?
God.
Yeah, he's a sadist.
There's no question about that.
That's why he's always puttin' us to the test.
He knows ahead of time what the result's gonna be.
He's always assuring our failure
because he created this week.
Not perfect like him,
even though his wrath does wax high for him often.
He gets pissed off.
He's perfect, see?
Who said he wasn't in the porn?
886 on the pool.
Now we got to get to over 900 by the top of the air.
I think we got this made.
I get a little bit nervous, you know what I mean?
Fridays are, Fridays are a little bit weak.
Why do you think that is on Friday?
Because everybody's gonna screw it off.
They're all screwin' off on Friday?
You bet.
They're all screwin' on Friday
and they're all out of town too.
If they got any brains, they got...
If they got more than 10 bucks throughout a town.
In fact, I'll even go beyond that.
If they got more than...
Deep bucks.
They're gone.
Right now.
Unless, of course, they gotta be.
They're like you guys.
Now, Tommy's not gonna be stuck there at the two o'clock.
Yeah, if you really is.
Yeah, you are?
Yeah, I'll be here.
Let's keep in the out of trouble anyway.
Keepin' off the streets.
Probably slow and drown.
They had drug deals.
Oh, we got a little sandwich.
I got nothing else to do.
Yeah, you got some free food.
If we launch your Aino Spots Cup in this crowd.
Nothing else to do.
Although I will say this, man.
Since we got that Chris Jones in here,
this is, we got Spots Up the Ace.
In fact, we got...
No, we got a doctor coming in Monday to diagnose the staff.
I want you amazed.
This guy's actually doing it.
It was really a doing a job.
We got like three more sales people
and the other ones are complaining.
You know, oh, we're all these people.
Were they going to find, you know, accounts for them all?
Good.
Good. I hope they take the accounts from the losers out there.
I don't want to mention Troy by name.
And give them the semi-diamond.
We didn't know how to service them.
Somebody understands what it is we're doing here.
It's called radio.
Besides, some of the ones they used to take showers naked
with guys in the locker room every day.
Hey, today's Friday, but there are a lot of you guys out there.
I've even even thought about them.
Others day, well, guess what?
Almost too late.
Not quite, but almost.
Because it's this Sunday.
Still time, though, to make it seem like you put a lot of thought
into your gift by sending an original Vermont teddy bear.
Sending a bear gram is so much more personal
and fun than flowers in Vermont teddy bears last forever.
They're even guadainteed for life.
You can only get them by calling your friend,
their counselor, 1-800-829 bear, or shopping online
at VermontTeddyBair.com.
Your mom or wife will receive a beautiful little bear
delivered with a free card, gourmet caramel,
and a gift card in a colorful box.
And Saturday, delivery is still guaranteed almost anywhere
in the country if you get off your ass and do it today.
They'll help you tell your bear just for her like the nurse
to teach you the businesswoman or gardening bear.
Check out the all-new American mom.
All American mom dressed in patriotic son
dressed holding an apple pie and brought you mama's
boys out there.
Be sure to send the mama's boys bear with a heart-shaped
mom tattoo on his arm.
It dads like it is every year.
It's still your job to get your wife a gift from the kids
and the mother and crumse is a perfect idea.
Add as many cubs as needed to employ your kids' names
around May, it's a cute thing to do.
So call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online
for motteddybear.com.
If you do it today, Saturday, delivery is still guaranteed
tomorrow.
So this year, send a creative alternative to flowers
from others day by calling 1-800-829-Bair,
and be sure to tell that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-Bair.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-2-A.
Neil God.
What should they do with it?
Watch it now, watch it.
Start by the butterfly.
Another ever-dead-us-mater-bite.
Who wants to meet a takas?
What the hell did we do?
Do we keep the swire we are hanging?
In that new fortune, who wants to meet a boy?
Who wants to meet a boy?
He's been a Christian writer, who's a writer.
Who wants to meet a boy?
Who wants to meet a boy?
A precious boy?
Here's all our time, Neil.
Through a home to a wave.
Stop with all this madness.
And leave us back who say,
Who should they go with it?
Who should they go with it?
A home where hate you,
A home where you went with it.
Who should they go with it?
A precious boy?
Watch it now, watch it.
I'm about to pass.
Yeah, but who's left on a hurricane idol?
Is that the important craft for you, Vickerman?
Let's spend hours on that.
In fact, there was a story on this guy that got booted off
and he's got some other kind of a job.
Am I going to do that, Stern?
No, I don't even look at it.
I don't want to know from American Idol.
It just makes me, it gives me spielkeys.
1248 at 560 WQM on a great Friday.
And we had a Marlon pirate scheme.
There's a team they might be able to beat.
I'm not too sure, but the pirates really suck.
So you got a suck fest tonight in Pittsburgh.
Of course, every night in Pittsburgh is a suck fest
from what I'm hearing.
Wait till you hear this story speaking of things that suck.
You just won't believe it.
Why do you wield it?
Just pretend I don't.
Well, it's from Casey, South Carolina.
C-A-Y-C-A-Y-C like Edgar Casey.
That north or south of the border?
I don't know.
It's South Carolina.
Oh, south of the border.
You never saw it.
I can't believe you never saw it.
I've heard of that.
You never heard of it?
Is it a place?
Is it a what is it?
A amusement park?
So I have to go through this again.
Tommy will explain to you during the next break.
I can't believe there's anybody alive
who's ever driven more than two feet outside of Florida.
I've got through South Carolina.
I've got a brother that drives the East Coast as South
of the border bumper sticker on their ass.
And that's in a while on the car, too.
Casey's South Carolina inside the walls of Brooklyn,
Casey High School.
You were spent students to be treated equally.
But a viewer tip lead news 19, that's their TV there.
Online where teachers comments left us asking questions.
These sorts of things are going to upset people,
but the truth can be very upsetting.
Said Brooklyn, Casey High School teacher Winston McEwan.
The truth, at least the growing up McEwan,
is that black people are inferior to white people.
This is a teacher in Brooklyn, Casey High School.
Intellectually, yes, they are.
I said McEwan, this has been confirmed over and over.
And this is a generalization.
Again, there are some blacks who are more in terms of individual whites.
But as it were, let us true IQ test prove it and over and over again.
News 19's JR Barry asked McEwan.
Do you think slavery in America was a good thing?
McEwan said, yes.
In America, there was a rational assessment saying, listen,
if we give these people freedom right as they are,
you can have to go back and see how they were.
You can't assume that they were like us.
JR asked, how were they?
They were coming out of the jugals, he said.
They had been enslaving each other for centuries in Africa.
And in terms of being used to rule of law, they knew none of that.
No doubt about it.
Winston McEwan has controversial opinions,
but through his views making him the classroom, he teaches Latin.
At Brooklyn, Casey, he told JR, JR Barry who wrote this,
that most of his students are white.
JR asked, is this something that enters your classroom,
something that you tell your students?
I'm a Latin teacher, so I'm not teaching politics or history,
except McEwan.
I'm just teaching Latin.
We got off subject one day, and he mentioned that slavery happened,
and he mentioned the vice president about Andrew Jackson's time,
and that's how we got off on slavery,
that I have greater Candace Carol said.
The vice president, she was referring to,
is John C. Calhoun, someone Winston McEwan admires.
John C. Calhoun, the greatest South Carolinian,
in terms of political understanding and wisdom, McEwan said,
and he argued that the institution of slavery was a positive good,
and he called it a great good, and it was good.
And now what God was saying, it would let it be good.
I think it was talking about poor little.
Oh, they don't let Ryan Jeremy and South Carolina.
Before talking with us, McEwan, no Jews.
McEwan posted his views on internet website called American Renaissance.
Most of the comments on the site were aimed at blacks.
McEwan's comments are no exception.
For instance, last August, McEwan said,
there's no apology to be made for black slavery in America.
Why should today's whites apologize for the wisdom of their ancestors?
JR commented in McEwan, and there will be some people who will say
that those are racist remarks.
They can call them what they will, said,
and McEwan, but if they call it racist, I just say it's true,
and you've got to deal with that.
I have a responsibility to speak the truth, I believe it is.
This is a guy in South Carolina, by the way.
If anybody believes that the Civil War solved anything, man,
you're a dreamer.
You're in a lot of all ads, right?
Let's get on that damn canoe and hand on the entry.
The panic of who will watch the river with D.E.G.I,
the banjo boy grouping.
JR asked if he ever had black students in your class,
you'd look down, and then no said,
and McEwan, I tried it the best I can with every student I've got.
JR asked, but you just said they were inferior,
tried to actualize whatever potential is their McEwan said.
This isn't the first time Winston McEwan's been in the news.
In 1999, he was a history teacher at St. Joseph,
private high school in Greenville, South Carolina.
He honored Confederate flag in his classroom.
When parents complained, he was told by school officials
to take it down, he didn't even he was fired to do it.
Our board of trustees ran screaming under the night saying,
take it down, take it down, I refused to because you need
to present different views in the classroom McEwan said.
That was seven years ago.
Today, the Emory University graduate is on administrative leave
after news 19 informed Lexington District
to about his comments.
He won't be back next year, but he wasn't coming back anyway
because of a certification issue.
So the district declined on on-camera interview.
They didn't issue the fall while they issued some statement.
While McEwan's days from Lexington to our numbered,
McEwan says his time in the classroom is far from over.
Is that a problem? He says, I hope not.
Am I not supposed to make a living because of my views?
Or should I just be wiped out or what?
And people like me, what do you think?
I think you're a redneck, is what I say.
I think you're part of America's redneck problem.
America's got a big fat redneck problem.
Anyplace South of like Pennsylvania.
And even some parts of the North like in Taylor Michigan
in Detroit, which is on the bottom of a bunch of rednecks,
with a big, big economy side chair,
a vacillator on top of the TV set.
Boy, you got to see Taylor Michigan,
and you want to see rednecks?
Yeah, in fact, these are the people they won't live
in the trailer park.
I've been through Michigan.
I have you?
I'm talking about Taylor Michigan, not the rest of Washington.
Although there's some pretty Yahoo!
He plays the Michigan.
I don't come thinking around Jackson, Michigan.
There's some pretty Yahoo! He plays it there.
909.
Jackson Harness Raceway, right up from Jackson State, prison.
And a lot of those robbers, by the way,
ought to be in prison.
900 six votes.
I think we're going to make our thousand today,
and probably we can thank Tommy for that.
You're welcome.
Nice going, Tommy.
It's right here for you.
What is the most beautiful place in North American countries?
Nice going, Eric.
See, everybody's like a cooperate and participate in
and palpitating.
Kauai, Hawaii.
You've seen North American countries,
the U.S. and Kauai's part of it.
So we solve that problem.
Don't be telling us to take Hawaii.
Especially, see, if we took Hawaii off of it,
we'd lose a whole Schmidt load of votes.
We'd lose 200 votes.
That we never make the thousand.
That's what they're trying to do.
You're not fooling me.
See what their game plan is?
Right.
They're trying to make this fall short.
On some kind of stupid-ass technicality.
Kauai, Hawaii, 175.
I've never been on that island, but I guess I'm going to have to go.
Aren't you, don't you want to go?
Yes, on the list.
Actually, I don't want to go there.
Big Sur 91.
Vancouver 86.
The Grand Canyon 83.
It's a hole in the ground.
Lake Tahoe 66.
Former beautiful in the Grand Canyon by far.
Palm Beach floor to 65, if you like plastic people,
and a lot of over-priced shops.
At around that $59, Glacier National Park Montana 50.
Tyberna Grafalse 50.
Same idea.
Your places don't have all the water.
Got lots of water.
Does it?
Oh, you can't even rivers, lakes, waterfalls.
Waterfalls?
Absolutely.
I mean, how about Seneca Falls?
You're a movie.
Alaska 32.
Savannah, Georgia 30.
Savannah, Georgia's got...
About 30, man.
Oh my God.
Why can't you be too wide?
Why not?
So Savannah, Georgia's more beautiful than why can't you be?
You've got to be Yankee, my toll, man.
The big one.
Smokey Mountains, National Park 23.
Grand Teton, National Park 1, 2020.
I don't think we can say that.
Grand Teton.
San Diego, California 16.
Cape Cod's got 7.
Now you're 76.
Augusta, National 5.
For those golf nuts.
Victoria, BC's only got 5.
Come on, A.
Cabo San Lucas, Mexico 4.
Cascade Mountains, Washington 4.
Redwood National Park 1.
Catalina Island 1.
And Newbury Port.
What is it?
Newbury Port, Madison, Solomon, and that's a guy that called it in.
Oh wait a minute.
Ignore that.
All right.
Well, I'm getting a little ahead of myself.
I didn't realize that we got that great new sales manager.
He's doing a job.
He really talks like that guy from South Carolina.
Yeah.
How far is he from Christus?
He from North Carolina?
South Carolina.
North Carolina.
Oh, thank God.
That's why he's good.
That's why he talks like that.
There's a reason there's a South in North Carolina.
I see.
Is that why there's a South in North Dakota?
That's right.
What's the difference?
Oh, you've been in the Dakotas?
I've never been there.
Both of them.
South Dakota has character and things.
And North Dakota.
Oh, this is a good policy, Jesse.
You just passed me from Ray.
Thank you, Ray.
I like that.
Well, they don't have to miss the Neal Rocks, you sure?
When they leave South Florida because they can listen online.
Okay.
They can stand online and listen online.
Hey, once again, everybody's feeling the big pinch of the gas pump.
They're pinching it.
The good folks at Dollar Macfist 1-800-Mex want to help you through this just a wee bit.
Dollar Macfist is offering you a free tank of gas.
Here's how this deal works.
You simply take the full amount of any gas received off your next mattress purchase.
Up to 10% of the purchase price.
You spend $35 of the gas pump.
Take $35 off any purchase of $550 or more.
Spend $50 at the pump.
Take $50 of any purchase of $500 and more.
You'll need your gas receipts to save the cash, of course.
Why grab all over town?
Skip the ball and furnish your stores and so-called giants to the mattress business.
Why waste all of that expensive gas and get worked up into a sweat when you can make one easy call
to 1-800 mattress right now and save life crazy?
And as always, you'll choose the date and time for delivery.
Within a tour window that you pick any day, seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 a.m.
When you call our good friends at Dollar Macfist like I've done for years, 1-800 mattress you'll choose from the areas
biggest inventory of brand name mattresses including.
Seely and Sir the Simmons King Coral, Temporpita Concerns and Foster Hewitt.
So call 1-800 mattress right now.
You can be sleeping like a baby tonight or log on to their website mattress.com.
1-800 mattress, MATTRES, leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational Stupendous Savings.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
What is it?
It's Scott Barrell.
When I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping all women with painted lips around the portal, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one to two hours.
Well, what the hell is that?
You think you're clever?
If I ever find you, you'll see, you'll be missing all your dreams.
But I find you brother, no more heart.
You'll be seen day, very high.
You're all in the bodies.
1-2-5-50-WQM, we got Chris Davidson to a pocket you sports news out there.
And Geltie's on to be sure like put that radio filter on your speaker please for throughout this week's.
On a pull we got 924, we're going to make it easy man.
Easy, this future full suggestion I like a lot.
Anything else cute? Yes it is.
Should I, I guess I'll read it.
Although we don't want any suggestions for it, this is from Monday.
Okay, don't be starting to like it too far ahead of yourselves.
But I do like it.
If I let South Florida tomorrow, the thing I would miss most is, South Beach, the weather, Joe Stone crab.
Oh, when you people stop, what is with that?
Jesus, God.
The Neil Rogers show like I said, you can take that with you anywhere you want.
The dolphins, Marlon's heat or the pantas, the friendly people and he's got friendly like it and I am.
I should be a coach.
The culture, what culture and not a damn thing.
Not a damn thing.
But what do you miss about South Florida Neil?
Like I said, not a, I'm sorry.
That's bad and that bad it sounds like, I don't know, sounds unfriendly.
No, that sounds like kind of a South Florida kind of thing like on friendly, hostile, angry.
Like that.
What a sunny shining here it's like almost 60 degrees or it's a beautiful day.
And I thought it was going to rain again all day like yesterday.
Man, we got rained up the old nose yesterday.
Just in case Paul Castor Nova's listening once in Toronto weather.
It rained yesterday a lot.
Oh, just in, no fogo.
We're just keep fogo.
And also possibly do cutting ham as we know.
There are home and office shirts by law enforcement.
Little care about that.
We're waiting for the Carol Roof indictment.
That's supposed to be the big news today, maybe.
Maybe possibly or not.
But how come, let me ask you something seriously.
There's John Roberts.
Let me know what is going on.
The FBI is looking at the tangled web surrounding the Duke cutting ham bribery case.
Is accused of taking some $2.4 million in bribes over the years in exchange for handing out lucrative contracts to people who were willing to lose profit.
And there was a lot of outstanding issues in this case, which is what the FBI is looking into now.
And they really surround three people, a fellow by the name of Mitchell Wade,
who was suspected of giving bribes to a cutting ham who was cooperating with the FBI.
Another fellow named Brent Wilkes.
There was a defense contractor who is describing core papers as an unundited coping spiriter in the Duke cutting ham case.
And then there is Kyle Dusty Fogo, who is the former executive director of the CIA.
You know, if I'm Dusty Baker, he announced on Monday that he is stepping down CIA officials said there was nothing unusual in that.
Anyway, getting back to John Roberts, who is pontificating there on CNN right now since they hired him after CBS says, who would have been over.
How come they didn't put him on their actor rather, got to blown out?
I don't know.
I mean, he was doing every time rather than be on vacation, he was filling in, he did weekends.
He's great, he's very good, he looks like a human being.
He's not hard to look at like Brian Williams, he doesn't have 85 teeth.
He doesn't look like he just stepped off a spaceship, he's got a great voice, tractor provides.
He's like, you know, we don't know whether he's left or right or in between, we don't care.
Right?
Right?
He would have been the perfect replacement except for funny video Bob Sheeper and then of course coming up with this bitch from the today show.
Katie, oh my god, correct, my ass.
Jesus.
No, when does that start?
That must start fairly soon.
Oh, that's going to be an unabomba grande.
You'll see that in the beginning.
Oh, everybody says, oh, we're going to watch Katie.
Yeah, that's sure they will.
She's a bubblehead.
She's like only one, she's like one notch above or maybe even below a solid that that's how light, what a lightweight she is.
Simple and.
But that's okay.
You know, Dan, rather we're just not the one the victim, just not the one who's smear and smear victims of this whole fascist regime.
Oh, speaking of your fascist regime, I don't want since people don't care about these things, I don't, I have no fear that I'm going to be a people nervous.
They just hear the words coming off their speaker and that makes them feel like, you know, they're alive.
What is that neal on it?
Bapapapa, bapapapa, you know, ramble them, bapapapa like that.
And then they feel like, you know, they got a pulse, even if they don't.
Concern is building among the military and the intelligence community that the US may be preparing for a military strike on Iran.
Oh, my God.
As military assets and keep positions are approaching readiness according to raw story.
It's pretty raw.
According military intelligence sources and air strike on Iran could be doable in June of this year.
It's already today is the 12th of May.
El Gosse di Mayo with military assets and keep positions ready to go in a possible plan already on the table.
You ready for that?
Uh-huh.
I wouldn't surprise me.
Speculations been growing on a possible air strike against Iran, but with a failure of the Bush administration to prevent a present a convincing case to the UN Security Council and secure political backing domestically, some experts say the March for a war.
The Rand is on pause, borrowing an immediate need.
Of course, they don't say what that's like a strategic need or a political need.
Sounds more right to me, a political need, which they have a very serious immediate need with that 29% poll rating.
29% if you tune in late, that's the newest number every day it's dropping and dropping by dropping a bowling ball from the top of the serious tower in Chicago from the CNN tower in Toronto.
Dropping a bowling ball on the roof of the Roger Center.
In March and April of this year, the US was pushing for a quick closure a 30-day window.
Dr. D. Man.
There's a source close to the UN Security Council describing efforts by the administration to sharpen off support to get a UN Chapter 7 resolution, which would make it possible for sanctions to be imposed against an uncooperative nation in leading the European military action.
The UN source also says that a military aimless suggests that no military action should be undertaken in Iran until the spring of 2007, but that things remain volatile given this administration's pension for having their own way.
Other military and intelligence sources are expressing concern both privately and publicly that Air Strike Center rank could come earlier than believed to did.
Retired Air Force Colonel and former faculty member at National War College, Sam Gardner has heard some military suggestions of a possible air campaign in an air future.
Although he's got no intimate knowledge of such plans, he says recent aircraft carrier activity and current operations on the ground in Iran have raised red flag flags.
I would expect two or three aircraft carriers would be moving to the area gardener, said describing what he thinks is the best way your experts could be carried out without disengaging assets from the US and Afghanistan and Iraq.
How do you like that?
The Iran attack.
Coming soon to a TV screen nearby you.
That's what we need.
What Bush says, he says, you know, it's hard work.
934 on it. Let's see. Oh, yeah, we got the thousand licks. We got it licked.
Oh, the minute man, the program protesters and competing rallies there.
But many of the people in Minotions, not a pro immigrant, it's a pro illegal alien rally. Get it right.
Many of these people here made a real point of saying, look, what they're fundamentally for is illegal following the laws of this country.
There's just one people here illegally. They have a lot of issues they're concerned about.
But a lot of the folks who are here make a point of saying there's never been involved in anything like this before.
They only got caught up in the minute man car.
Minute man because they felt like it wasn't being addressed enough.
I don't know some guys like that.
This rally moved across the country.
I got little bits of news coverage along the way.
Many people decided they were going to come here.
Look at that. Are you looking at that?
They've been a message to Congress.
Holy moly. Those side bob Marley wrapped up an American flag with some really nasty headgear.
Americans are concerned about this issue.
The fundamental issue for them time and again comes back to the question of illegal entry into the country.
There you go. That's all we need to say illegal.
That was the operative word. Wasn't it illegal?
Right.
Okay. That we got that straight.
Oh, this is your buddy Doug Thompson at the Camp of the Hill blue.
Yeah. Let's see what you got to say.
You really want to know it? I'm saying yes. I do.
Oh, yeah. No, no, no. The vote's rigging. Take some calls instead.
No, don't ever read a story again.
Government's firing on Americans even more widespread than recent revelations claims.
You know, I'm just to be a Mr. contrary.
Whatever you say, I'll do the opposite.
Now, what was it? Never read a story again, especially from Doug Thompson.
Doug Thompson writes, the newest revelations have even more spying on Americans by the Uber Secret National Security Agency.
The NSA is just part of a vastly expanded operation that snoops daily in the lives of virtually every man, woman, and child in the USA.
My sources tell me, say, to Doug Thompson that USA today's Thursday story, repeating the NSA's collected phone call records in nearly all Americans for the past few years.
There's only a fraction of a step-off effort by the government to monitor on a daily basis the lives of ordinary American citizens who have nothing to do with terrorist plots and pose no threat to national security.
It's data mining at the most extreme levels says a former NSA operative will quit and discussed over the agency snooping into the private lives of Americans.
We have no business spying on our own, he'd be saying or she.
Are you telling me that tens of millions of Americans are involved with al-Qaeda senior Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the Senate Judiciary Committee's ranking, and I already remember, asked from the four US Senate Thursday?
Even some Republicans are reluctant to defend Bush under latest revelations.
I'm concerned about what I read with regard to NSA databases, a phone call said representative John A. Vaynerov, Ohio, the House Majority Leader, interview with the A&P.
And who the hell shops at the A&P anyway when you got law blogs?
It's the largest database ever assembled in the world said one for an NSA operative.
The agency's goal is to create a database of every call made within the nation's borders, every call.
In other words, when somebody calls his bookie, like Stu Gottz, or monitoring you,
this information, of course, directly counted as President George W. claims earlier that the NSA domestic spying program was directed only at overseas phone calls made by Americans.
With each new disclosure, the president's increasing web of theception is exposed since political scientists George Harley, who worked in the Nixon and Reagan administration.
George W. Bush will go on in history as a totally dishonest person who lied consistently to the American people, while he sees consistent.
Bush did not tonight they expanded program when he set up a hastily arranged appearance yesterday to try and reflect criticism, but claimed the database was not a data mining operation.
Of course, it's a data mining operation since the Security Expert Sam Pelos. Data mining is a major part of what the NSA does, dummy.
Capital it all blew in 2004, revealed a massive government data mining operation set up by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency DARPA, along with the NSA.
Our story detailed how DARPA's total information awareness project, those scrap-packed congressional action, was shifted into a secret Pentagon budget by the Bush Administration,
was actively collecting phone, travel and financial information, and virtually all Americans.
The story prompted strong denial of some of the Bush Administration, which later backed off of the Niles, with the New York Times revealed some of the same information a year later.
George town University Constitution Law Professor Jonathan Turley told us at the time the data mining operation by DARPA was illegal and since the new revelations venture further beyond the law.
Federal law prevents the government from seeking this kind of information, including phone numbers, unless it has caused to believe that crime has been committed to early be seen.
Data experts say gathering vast, such vast amounts of information only increases the chances of making mistakes and unfairly accusing an innocent American of wrongdoing.
Even worse, gathering such information only allows the government to stoop on American citizens while there's nothing to help fight terrorism.
Terrorism is an adaptive problem of her Edelstein prison of data mining company, Too Crow, said and interviewed published by Wired News.
It's pretty unlikely the next terrorist attack will be people hijacking planes, aggression and manipulations.
Other experts agree that the chances for mistakes are huge.
The order of magnitude of areas from inferences is huge, something like 10 to the third power, Paul Hawking, author of a college of commerce and shareholder information mapping software company, Groxas, sent in interview with other publications.
DARPA tried to interest Groxas and began in part of the TIA project, but the company declined to save the project with neither feasible nor ethical.
Hawking told Wired he knows people with the NSA who refused to work on TIA because of ethical concerns.
Much of the current NSA project was established under the command of Air Force General Michael Hayden, president and pushes Pitha out of the CIA.
Hayden is increasing involvement also where security experts and historians Hayden now ascends reservations about the NSA spying program and is willing to resign from the military if he's confirmed by the Senate.
Given the military's legacy of privacy abuses, such vague assurances are cold comfort since being the senior editor of the Keto Institute in Washington.
That's cold comfort driven by quirky Hamlet Jackson, Harness, Raceway.
During World War I concerns about German saboteurs led to unrestrained domestic spying by US Army intelligence operatives said, Healy, Army spies were given free reign together information on potential subverses and were often empowered to make arrests as special police officers.
Occasionally they carried false ideas, employees of public utilities allowed them to as the chief intelligence officer of the Washington Department put it to either to enter offices or residents of suspects gracefully nearby obtained data.
In other words to fake their way in. In her book Army surveillance in America history and Joan Jensen noted what began as a system of protected government from enemy agents became a vast surveillance system to watch civilians who violated no law but who objected to wartime policies into the war itself.
The Army scandal treatment of Iraqi prisoners also suggests the American military system lacks either the ability or the restraint to police itself.
There's a long and troubling history of military surveillance in this country, healy ads. That history suggests we should lower the law and defend it on access to our personal information.
But each new revelation of increased spying on American shows privacy like too many other freedoms once considered right of American life is yet another right lost in the Bush administration's unrelenting annual war on the Constitution.
Maybe that's the way he's talking about keeps in world war where to war on the Constitution. Well, look what talent is already 114 while well I was important crap, okay?
And I'm sure that that's going to change the course of human events the fact that you may be read that I don't will.
Hey, if you love voting, that's a given in South Florida just about everybody loves the old voting deal out there in the water.
But if you ever thought about buying a boat, what a nightmare. Don't do that. Do the smart thing and call club notico instead at 1-800-Bolt rent right now.
Why pay the expenses of owning a boat when you can rent one totally hassle free?
Join the club club notico when you call 1-800-Bolt rent will be amazed at just how easy to make all the things for you.
No docking costs, no expense of upkeep, no insurance or gosh forbid, gosh, that was gosh, no hurricane preparation with a boat from club notico with totally stress free and truly affordable to call 1-800-Bolt rent, no getting the boat ready because club notico does it for you.
No cleaning up either. At club notico, here's how the word deal works. You just hop on your boat and go have a great time when you're done pulling off the dock and off and leave. Just walk away.
That easy. Club notico, call 1-800-Bolt rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats to yacht charters and everything in between. Call on our friends at club notico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent with club notico hotel or plan to fit your needs and your budget too.
Get on the water today to smart the inexpensive the hassle free way by calling club notico tool free. It's 1-800-Bolt rent.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-Q.
Gang rape is funny.
Absolutely.
They have all the oil they need to keep the gas rolling.
Nothing more than to put the liquid no one to control it.
Like the ridiculous car.
A truck with a ticket and checks.
Riding by the stair or screwing you on.
I'll wait for you.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I'll go for a day.
I was gonna say it many times.
They make me, they make a price, high as they like, make me, make me, everyone on K Street,
they buy the power, that's something that's right.
Oh yeah, those are the days, man.
Uncle Milti brought to you by Texaco.
You remember that, of course, not?
Oh yeah.
Before you were born.
At any rate, those were the good old days, had all that cigarette at the same time TV.
Winston tasted good like a cigarette should.
That was this is the good days.
Now everything is like repression.
You can't say this, can't do that, but it beat but it blooped nothing.
Anyway, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, probably need a lot more names on his pull for over the weekend.
This is our weekend long pull.
No controversy there, it's just something nice, you know.
Just think about beautiful places.
This was a Sean's idea, so if you want to blame him, go and turn further over the weekend.
9.55, we got the thousand made.
See, I keep looking just to keep convincing myself we got it.
Because there's nothing worse than to fall a little bit short, just to weave it short.
9.57, they're pouring in by the ones.
Like the calls, WQIM, hello.
That's our rule.
Damn, he took me up on one of the rest.
All I heard was going, it's him.
I get it.
It's yours.
I got to admit, that was like a little bit on the team.
It was like a little vaudeville routine.
There was no extra charge.
I probably practiced that for hours.
And then we cut him off guard.
He wasn't ready to do his great A materially.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but the good part of it is, what did I say at the beginning of the
show and they come through as usual?
We don't want the same old retard.
We want some new retards, right?
Yeah.
And then we had actually one or two people with almost something to say.
What's interesting about all you can expect in South Florida, like the thing with culture,
man, you can't complain about the culture of South Florida because basically there isn't
any.
It's a subculture.
It's like subhuman.
Just a lot of very angry people.
And I understand what you're angry about.
I used to be there too all the time.
WQIM, hello.
QAM.
WQIM.
Hello.
I just spent eight days in Maui, unbelievable.
Wowie.
Yeah.
And now the single filthy word is Spanish spoken.
Uh-huh.
No Spanish here.
No Spanish, no Iraqi.
Okay.
Sit here.
You've got this one that behaves to your people.
Uh-huh.
Well, maybe they were speaking like Japanese there, man.
There's a lot of nip-n-ee's people in Hawaii.
We want to put Maui on there?
I don't think he was suggesting that.
Why not?
I don't think that was the nature of the call.
Yes, it was.
It was.
It was the nature of the justice here.
Nobody peeking upon it there.
Come on.
Get with it.
It's a beautiful place.
It's the last time you were in Maui.
Wowie.
That was the purpose.
Oh.
Well, maybe they were just speaking clean words there.
They weren't saying, look at all the things that were there.
Oh.
Somebody cue away, I'm hello.
Cue out.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Ohie, come on, Daniel.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
Don't be word to Spanish.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Speaking English and myestro, come on, you're talking to me.
Yeah, okay.
Huh?
I don't like that.
See, he's speaking English.
I can't do it, can you?
But I was new.
That was something different and new and exciting.
They're doing it.
This is this tickles my fancy.
I'll tell you that.
Your fancy what?
Fancy kneecap.
Oh, look at that.
It's graduation day, sir.
Where all these people are dancing like a bunch of Mexican jumping beans and he'd and look
at all the young ladies with a schmachta's on.
Graduation party means life doesn't have to stop even with all the violence suffering.
Where is it?
Pollot and engineering.
Is it right?
We have to move forward.
Oh my god.
Look at that guy.
Oh, look at that.
Did you see that?
No, I believe it.
I've never seen such a screaming queen in my life in Iraq.
Walls.
Oh my god.
That was, he was like, oh, you had to see it.
In fact, you remember the guy father at the wedding when one young guy was dancing.
He was ready about the same time.
Clemence is his boy, more wine.
And then there's the one guy and he's, oh, he's doing the thing with a hands like a real
fruitcake.
And I got up in the theater with screaming.
And then Clemence said, I think you're mad.
Just in that voice too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, that was embarrassing.
And you know the media, they kick out those kind of scenes intentionally because it's
gay day and Cuba or some crap like that.
And I'll take it one thing, Aleyon.
Don't let those abuelos come anywhere near you again, okay?
Old Proverts.
They're kidding.
And what kind of a bunch of crap with no quim?
What was that?
What kind of a pile of crap was that anyway?
A pile of crap.
They were squeezing his part to see the cheque.
Oh, you're like, what is that?
That sounds like something that father O'Toole would say to the altar boy here.
I'm just checking you are a progress.
I want to see if everything's growing all right.
Oh yeah, look at that.
It's growing like crazy now.
26.
I mean, come on already.
And just amazing the way the media like pretends like that.
And of course, right away everybody says, oh well, that's the Cuban thing.
All the Cubans do that.
Yeah.
Well, that's the way that happens, man.
Right.
The media says, here's these horny old abuelos, man.
They haven't seen one of those in years.
You know, sick twisted bitches.
Exactly.
Precisely.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, pomp and a park racing and poker's got all the plunging action you want and something special for the ladies who come out of the track tomorrow,
May 13th from others they eve.
As Joe would say, how you doing the ladies?
All the ladies willing to admit to be age 18 in order, would get a free entry blank to win $1,000 in vetting vouchers tomorrow night.
Drives will take place after the sixth and seventh races.
You must be present to win.
Prizes include a $50, $100, $1,520, $500 vetting vouchers.
Well, you need to know it doesn't love to get some extra cash.
Plus, the drawings will also be for tickets upcoming Marlins baseball games.
What's not to like?
So make friends right now to bring out your wife, your mom and mother and mom, maybe all of them.
And, uh, Pompadopark tomorrow night is where it's happening.
It's great.
Mother's Day Eve drawings.
Just a half mile from both 95 and the turn.
Pike Pompadopark is easy to get to.
Like always, Pompadopark offers you free admission and free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing, the great smoke free, poker room is open every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Like today, poker starts at noon.
It's already going on right now.
It was until midnight and live racing gets underway.
Not the 725 at the PM Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Also, the name is at home.
It's on Saturday night Wednesdays at Pompadopark.
When draft beer has sold us hot dogs and more, just a bucket of pee starting at 6 p.m.
I'm just tongue-tied thinking about it.
I'm tongue-tied thinking about the slot starting in July.
It's not that far away.
Pompadopark, a block set of an I.M. Polar Guard on Powerline.
Road for the current racing schedule call 954-972-2000.
Run the Wicked Web at Pompadopark.com.
This is Neural Rogers.
This is by 69-8.
Friday, you bastard.
It's the ultimate in shaving technology.
Beyond fusion, it's the Gillette confusion.
Packed with not one.
Not two.
Not three, four, five, or six.
But nine.
Count them.
Nine.
Incredibly sharp blades.
For the closest, most hazardous shave around.
Gillette confusion even vibrates to make shaving all that deadlier.
And our slimy strip technology, infused with allobitamins and coagulants,
will close those nicks, cuts and gashes almost as quickly as you make them.
I'm getting right headed.
Gillette confusion.
Shaving technology carried to dam far.
And coming soon for her, it's the lady confusion, specifically designed.
One thirty two, and so speaking of a Gillette confusion.
Now I haven't changed the razor.
I just, you know, I tried that one and the whole vibrating thing all over the crap.
I believe the vibrators do a Josh Corners.
But I will say that I got it too.
Gillette fusion shaving cream.
Have you tried that?
No.
Good.
It's blue.
All right.
Oh, it's good stuff.
It starts.
And now it's really good.
You just smear that stuff.
It's just blue stuff to smear.
It's stuff for you that is green right now.
And anyway, now what's this new piece of coffee for next week?
Oh my God.
Can you imagine that from Fat Boy?
That's bad news.
You wonder why?
Why?
In the case he's still alive.
Yeah, right.
Bad news.
You see it?
You still move it.
Anyway, Gillette, you see it?
Uh-huh.
Oh, God.
Bush says, yeah, we'll make a great president.
There's the chuckle for the weekend.
Okay, just keep yucking it up over that.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I want to say about it.
Could there be a third president Bush?
I didn't want to do this yesterday, but I never got around with it.
But we will today.
The current president said Wednesday that younger brother J.A.
would make a great president and ask him about making a run.
The first president Bush's daddy likes the idea too.
How do you like that?
All the Bush all the time.
J.A. Bush, the Republican governor of Florida,
has one asset as president so brother doesn't right now.
Approval from most of his constituents.
That's because he's got all those devious plans
and he's a lion sack of crap.
And Florida likes that.
Boxer George W is a approval ratings are, well, 29 right now nationally.
Some 55% of Florida voters surveyed last month
by Quinnipiac University said,
J.A.B. doing a heck of a job.
Brownie Hound, heck of a job.
55%.
Does that tell you there's no hope for Florida?
Absolutely.
The governor has repeatedly said he won't be a candidate
for president in 2008, but that doesn't stop his family
from encouraging him to go for it someday.
I'd like to see J.A.B. run at some point in time,
but I have no idea if his intention or not to present
and be with Florida reporters when he was in town the other day.
He said his brother would make a great president
that he had pushed him fairly hard about what he intends to do.
I truly don't think he knows Bush said.
But J.A.B. 50 people in the second term is governor in January,
thanks God.
His brother George ends up, oh, ends his second presidential
term in January 2009.
Can we make it that long?
No.
I don't think so.
The governor got to build up from his brother on the same day he got bad news
at a telehazzy when Alan Benz city, Inc. and Chans Catherine Harris,
that bitch ain't got a chairman's chance in hell against Bill Nelson.
She got two chances, much, much, much less than none, and the Zippo.
Have you used a Zippo lighter?
Sure.
Old several.
What were you lighting it with?
971 votes on the poll.
I know you don't want to answer the question is important.
What were you lighting it with?
I was not going to be lighting with it.
Oh, you know, it's smoking stuff.
Better water.
Not with a Zippo lighter.
It's even Tommy don't go for that.
With a Zippo lighter, that does leave a bad taste.
That's only for going.
Yeah, you get all that, the gas, it's like going like,
like sucking the gas out of your tank and you shouldn't want to do that now
with that price.
That's good for bugs.
Like, siphoning gas out, you know, you got to like, well, 974 votes on the poll.
Let's take a puke at it, okay?
What is the most beautiful place in North American countries?
I don't know, it's a little awkwardly word, but we had to do that because of nipickers out there.
It didn't want Hawaii to be included.
Well, you know what?
Too bad.
I like Hawaii.
Just too crowded on Oahu, too damn crowded.
Too many people.
Yeah, they never hear a filthy word of Spanish.
Hawaii, Hawaii.
Well, you are, man, you just, it's really sad after all these years.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about you.
I'm talking about that thing you've got, that Spanish thing.
I have a Spanish thing.
That's what I heard.
That's what Duff told me.
Hawaii, Hawaii, Hawaii, Hawaii, 184.
Big Sur, 93.
Vancouver, 90.
Boy, look at that.
Vancouver's beauty.
It's never been there.
Sudan, Farray.
Grand Canyon, 86 Lake Tahoe, 67.
Palm Beach, Florida, 66.
What's the big citizen Palm Beach?
What did I miss?
Maybe you didn't go to the right places.
Oh, I see it.
As a matter of fact, when I worked at WJN-O-West Palm in 1975, some friends of mine,
their friends, worked for some of this very rich family.
They had this big mansion in Palm Beach.
And of course, mostly very wealthy people in Palm Beach, they go away from many.
A lot of them only live like in those places for like a few weeks out of the year.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
So it's empty the rest of the year.
So we got to use that mansion many, many of the time.
It had some real drunken celebrations in their big saltwater pool.
And right across the street in the ocean, and just Palm Beach was fine.
But it's beautiful.
And around X-63.
Glacier National Parkmont, Panif 53.
Now you're talking.
Niagara Falls, 53.
Alaska, 36.
Likki, KB, Tawaii, 31.
It should be way higher than that.
Even just diamond head alone.
You know what else is really neat to see is North Shore.
You rent a car when you go to Hawaii and you drive up to North Shore.
I'm writing this down.
And you see all the surfers up there at North Shore.
All them Fag, Album Surfers.
Savannah, Georgia, 31.
What is the Fag element of that surfing thing?
Can you tell me what that's all about?
I guess it's just about to naked guys with surfboards.
Almost naked.
Yeah, it's excited to make it.
Okay.
Smoky.
Yeah, I think he'll tell you.
When you go out to dinner this weekend.
Ask of the deaf master, she'll tell you.
San Diego 20.
Oh, I am.
I skipped over Smoky Mountains 27 grand Teton National Park, Wyoming 22.
That was a 40-inch slip over the Teton.
San Diego, California 20 or 70-11.
Why do we have to put California after San Diego?
Don't people know where that is?
Cape Cod 11.
Victoria, BC 10.
See that we needed.
Augustine National 6.
Cascade Mountains, Washington 5.
Cabo San Lucas 4.
Redwood National Park 3.
Catalina Island 2.
And a new, a new-buried Port Massachusetts 1.
That's the guy who called it in.
Because nobody ever heard of that.
I still know where it is.
I probably went on Google that I probably should read about it.
Should I?
Maybe it's nice.
See, maybe it's really nice there.
I still say Cape Cod's pretty nice.
And Boston 8.
Too bad when they're having decent weather.
I'm not sure which days of the year that is.
Not too much anymore.
Really bad weather in Boston.
Come in to QAM.
Hello.
QAM, Hola.
I feel meal.
Yes.
Hey, feel who you like, boys.
Can I name it?
But he doesn't like you.
I guess.
Who you like, boys?
Okay.
Come in to QAM.
Hello.
Okay, sir.
Good, good, listen.
I just face it in California.
Oh, Carmel, man.
I've driven through there.
It is beautiful.
I saw Clint Eastwood there.
I waived to him.
I gave him a high five.
Listen.
I think I'm just thinking about the...
That's true to four spots.
Is that they just...
A ten-quit left of your audience and the anticipation for man decided.
And they don't really care.
They get a number.
Not because they're not paying.
Well, I'm glad they don't care because they sure don't have a number.
They got a number.
All right.
We've got a zero in front of it.
All right.
I'll take care.
I'll be there to you, amigo.
Don't be talking to filthy Spanish.
That's right.
So anyway, Carmel, will they get that under right away?
That is.
Have you ever driven through there?
No.
The West Coast Highway.
The old Hershey Highway.
The West Coast man, that is just incredible.
Well, you saw something, this before me.
That's right.
That's what you need to see.
It's what an Eastwood.
And I'm sure you saw the way he was queuing up the records too.
Right.
Backwards and drawn.
Every movie that's got anything to do with radio.
Right.
I don't know what.
I mean, how difficult it would be to have like a consultant that actually was once in a radio station saying,
Hey, when this guy keeps queue up records back when we played records,
they don't just stick the needle on the disc, you know?
Right.
But the pot out.
That's stupid, man.
But then again, I think that Eastwood was kind of what's your name?
How do you say BCV to cause me?
Same voice.
983 votes on the poll.
Yeah, they got the same lyrics problem.
988.
Oh, yeah, we got the thousand likes.
Hey, take a deep.
Thanks Tommy.
You helped put this over the top.
Even without Josh today.
Now, what's the story with Josh?
Is he okay?
We're going to like all find out, but I'm sure he'll be back on Monday.
Well, you know, let's make sure he's not in the same hospital bed that the beast is going on.
I don't think there's room into it.
One bed.
Oh, I'm not going to have the one in the size.
All the best of the beast, buddy.
I got your wedding invitation.
You know, say it was a beautiful thing.
And they're able to wait about four pounds.
And I'm sure cost mommy and daddy a lot of money.
And I'm not coming.
I'm not getting any gift.
And I'm not going to be there.
But thanks anyway.
I don't think he's going to be there either.
I don't know if he's got the old groin pool.
Hey, if you have termites in your home, you better call Ridditt Peskin to a day for a free termite inspection.
Ridditt Peskin to a day uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills those termites
and termites as a hundred percent of contact.
They're going faster than you can say, a time direction, an idiot.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them and say goodbye forever.
Don't touch your home.
Don't worry about poison.
It's gas.
No moving out of hotel stays.
No worrying about food or pests in your health.
Because all they do at Ridditt is treat your home with this amazing undupliquable orange oil.
And you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is a clean set of oranges for just a few days.
It's true.
If you have a turbine problem, do it now.
This is just the start of the nasty termite season in Florida.
Call Ridditt Peskin to a noun find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites
and termites as a hundred percent of contact.
No tending, no BS, no games, no kidding.
Call right now for a free no obligation termite inspection 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-448.
When he call Ridditt, be sure to mention the Todd Brett quote, uh, Pony to call.
They'll really love that.
1-800-447-43-48.
This is new rocket.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
That's even for the homeless.
This is the latest news that's flying through the Christian park.
When you're home, you're going to hell with the child.
Oh, it's the latest news that's flying through the Christian park.
When they're in the hatred side.
Oh, I tried to find the holy road in the back.
Oh, the only road in the corner goes loose.
That never goes down.
Oh, right on the edge, where the handle's gone.
It's due to the thunder rift all their clothes off.
Oh, bang bang bang.
Should've arrived early to the coast.
Oh, bang bang bang bang.
That's a fortune, doctor.
Oh, she's a big tooth doctor.
She's a big tooth doctor.
She's a big tooth doctor.
She's a big tooth doctor.
But they're bundled by a bunch of garbage and trees.
Oh, well, we better go to the toilet.
No questions at all.
We'll listen on it.
Yeah, that he saw.
We're waiting in our snakes for a long vacated.
We're going to take this away.
Our fortune, our ocean acting, we're ready.
Oh, we love living in the great dynamic we'll live in.
Oh, we're going to want to get there, kids.
We couldn't have run in one of our lives.
Oh, we're going to the Lord, to forgive you.
With your choice, so closely appointed to you.
Oh, we're going down to the river, the battle's as soon.
The story of Billy heroin, right in front of you.
Oh, we need this land.
Wishing God where you're going for the hell of you time.
Oh, we need this land.
Wishing God where we can raise an acreage fire.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
OK, 145 in Cuba.
I got something on the burner back here.
Bacon?
I wish you were.
No.
AT&T Court Verizon Communications in Bell Style Court began
sharing records of tens of millions of their customers' phone calls
with the NSA shortly after the 2001 Terror attacks
according to USAIDA, but when the NSA came calling former Quest Communications CEO Joseph
Natio, I wonder if he's keen to Ralph Matio.
Natio broke ranks with fellow former Bell companies.
He broke ranks.
When he learned that no such authority had been granted, that there was a disconnect
information in the part of the authorities used any legal process, including the special
courtship in established handles such matters, Mr. Natio concluded that these requests violated
the privacy requirements of the Telecommunications Act as attorney wrote in a statement.
In other words, ill-eagle.
Natio agreed with Quest attorneys that surrendering its customers called detail records
to the NSA was wrong, a.
Quest brought into the request and pressure from the NSA would Natio reportedly deeply
trouble by the implications of USAIDA reports.
Current CEO Richard Notabart halted talks with the NSA last in 2004 after the two couldn't
agree on the details.
They said no way Jose.
Good for Quest, huh?
They were.
Give him a big kiss.
I put them.
Not for Richard Quest, though, because he makes me nauseous.
He's got donkey teeth.
And probably donkey breath.
He's a Brit.
He received Richard Quest, yeah, you see him.
Yeah, I have.
I'm not a fit to question.
Not in a long time, though.
Thank goodness.
It's kind of like every now and then.
It's like the Banjo Boy Group in corporate.
We've got out of a way to try to find people with the most annoying voices and put them
on the ear.
And the same thing too with the CNN.
The most anxious, like Kira Phillips, not a voice, but just her, just as a being.
Oh, God.
996 vote.
Any second now, we're going to tip over to that thousand and then we can all take a deep
sigh of relief.
We did it again and again and again and again and again.
Just amazing how we keep doing this, especially when most of the audience is gone.
You know, how many of the things you think we got left now, the new regime came in.
Top third, the mayor.
Yeah, this job that they're doing, we got a lot of spots.
We have no audience.
See, I think the goal is from the new regime is we have like one spot for each listener.
That's each other.
In other words, let's see, 16 an hour times four.
So that's 64 spots I'm just showing four hours.
So I mean, one for each listener, 64 listeners.
I think we got that.
Now, two to four.
I don't think they can match that.
Even Tommy was overwhelmed.
I bet when he found out that we had a 0.5 in the three o'clock hour right there in the
middle of the daytime when people are awake.
A mistation.
Can you believe that?
He leaves.
No, he's right here.
Just not speaking.
I was just talking to the seas and such a state of shock.
But you could care less.
Yeah, could you care less?
Yeah.
It says more, more or less.
Anyway, just I mean, a 0.9 at two o'clock.
That's bad enough because at least there's still Saturday or some of you people are listening
now on the show.
But at three o'clock, it's like man, like a evacuation.
You know, I mean, you can almost smell it.
Like a terror alert, like a bomb scare.
Don't turn that dial on there, man.
You're going to die between three and four.
A 0.5.
That is.
That's scandalous is what it is.
And the fact that these people are still, you know, even the Humper made a comment about
that this morning.
They're still diddlin' and diddlin' and dawdling and they haven't got a clue.
Although George said in his secret meeting with the Pied Piper the other day, both of
the clowns, that they have some plans.
And that was you said?
Right.
They don't know what they are and they're not telling and whatever.
But they got some plans.
Probably for dinner.
The United States again, as refused the International Committee of the Red Cross access
to terrorism suspects held in secret detention centers, the humanitarian agency be saying
today.
The overnight statement was issued after tossing Washington between ICRC President Jacob
Kellenberger and senior officials, including Secretary St. Condo-Lizezir Rice, the Fent
Secretary Hermann-Gerrym Rumsfeld, and National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley.
Mr. Kellenberger deployed the fact that the U.S. authorities had moved closer to granting
the ICRC access to persons held at undisclosed locations of the Geneva-based agency said and
know that it's not just in even the York and WGVA.
Kellenberger says no matter how legitimate the grounds for detention, there exists no right
to conceal a person's whereabouts or deny that he or she is being detained.
The former Swiss diplomat said the ICRC would continue to seek access to such people's
rather parity.
We've just received a negative response again, again, maybe saying.
The agency recognized the legitimate grounds for holding foreign terrorism suspects who
pose the threat to the U.S., but it is absolutely vital for such people to be held
in a clear legal framework.
But not with a bushcraft.
They just make them disappear.
They just go away.
Nobody receives them.
No more.
Is that the way it works?
It's the law or tear.
It's hard work.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And more.
War on all your freedoms, man, and war against all civilized people, against any decent living
and breathing people, or war against them.
Oh, 999.
Oh, this is going to be very exciting.
In fact, I would even play a fart sound now when that 1000 vote came up if I thought we
could.
Yeah.
Well, can't do it.
Oh, 1000 votes.
There we go.
Here, pretend you heard a fart sound.
Right there.
That was a fart.
See?
I can smell it.
Can't play it, but I can smell it.
Oh, God.
What a tremendous moment that was.
1000 votes.
Even on a Friday with Josh Cortis is not in.
He's probably out celebrating that big new view he's got.
When you think?
That's right.
Party.
Early.
And you guys can thank me, man, for going to bat his huge rock.
Thank you, man.
For the underlings.
Huh?
I mean you.
I've got to do with you.
You're probably making money here.
Of course, Tommy needs the big bucks.
You know what?
You've got a drug problem like he's got.
I'm a substitute.
He's got a trouble.
Tommy don't do drugs.
No, he said it's no problem.
He takes drugs seriously.
Right.
Seriously.
Well, he's in a rock band, you know?
Well, can't be in a rock band and not do a little bit of drugs.
You know, nothing, nothing heavy, dude.
He's not too much heroine.
Chili peppers cleaned up and look at what happened to them.
Yeah.
And down the throbes.
That's right down the old fence.
Now look at Kurt Cobain.
You saw that movie.
You know something.
You ought to give that movie to Tommy.
Now I already lent it out.
I found a victim.
Oh, really?
I wouldn't do that to Tommy.
Which was last days.
Last days.
The Michael Pitts.
The supposed Kurt Cobain story.
Oh, my God.
You know, if you're not.
If you're not, if you're not, if you're not, if you're not,
I'll be for you watching.
I guarantee you will be like about two minutes in that.
I do understand why you killed himself now.
Yeah, you probably.
That's all I had going on.
I'd blow my brains out too.
Yeah, you probably saw the script.
152 and QA and what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long?
How about getting yourself an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest
air conditioner?
The five star addition to carrier infinity system.
And I make things even better.
You can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Heath, where they've been taking good
care of track County area families for three long generations.
As a carrier factory authorize either Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction and that
guarantee is backed by carrier that people who invented air conditioning in the first place
and now have come up with something really incredible.
The carrier infinity system.
This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted itself for maximum
efficiency and speaking of that to maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner,
the smart thing to do is join the Royce Aaron Heath Comfort Club.
Here's how that deal works.
For a year, they come to your home.
They inspect and tune up your system.
If you ever have any kind of problem with your AC, you'll enjoy a priority same day service
and 10% off a needed repairs.
All of these things for just $110 a year.
So whether you choose the two speed infinity system of pure on or peace of mind all year
round with a Comfort Club, either way, make the smart choice, the Royce choice.
Call Royce Aaron Heath and tell them that old Neil told me to call 1-800-377-0075.
That's Royce ROI-CE Royce Aaron Heath at 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Roger.
What's solid?
Ready for the gap?
He's a talent as he's at the end.
He's been our civil rights the way I mean.
Oh, rising the talent as he's love of MLA.
When he's at very well-be-do, with very bad issues, you, who never played his dues, by the fear
we'll all be screwing hard.
She called, she called, she called.
Any smart could win that race against Buddy McCay?
Why do you think they call it Cuba?
Victoria Lanyway, he's in color as he has seen.
Oh, he'll be sick as they can't have seen.
Oh, yeah, he's in color as he has seen.
Go for that, MLA.
Come on, let's do step.
Get lost, they don't.
What a classy fat ass he is.
You're a fat ass governor, man.
He just really sends me right to the bull.
In fact, here's a fact, good timing.
From KP, says, with a wife that has trouble being honest, winning customs.
You don't mean Columbia, do you?
That's a little bit of Columbia.
With a daughter that's a drugie, you don't mean Noel, do you?
The last Noel.
With a son-cott, Borky and a Walmart parking lot, I'm confused to do which one.
That wasn't Jeb Jr.
That was the other one.
What's the other one's name?
I don't know.
George P. But the other one.
No, not George P.
You either they're both.
Did they ever see George P?
Why?
That was the other one.
And another son charged with public intoxication and resisting arrest.
Was that George P?
Yeah.
I was always George P.
With all these things, I think Jeb would be an excellent president and his family representing
another all-American family.
And of course, Nevada.
I mean, after all these things, they've done what, well, how much worse can it be, right?
I mean, the theater, Koch's Norton Draft Dodger doesn't keep you from being a president.
I'm ready to have it, of course, lying to the public all the time and having all the
devious plans when the public has an election, they vote on something in Florida.
So you have another idea.
He's got a better idea.
Just like what they do with his slot sing, man.
The people in Florida voted and the people in Broward voted and they dragged their feet on
it as long as they possibly could.
Now they're going to do everything they're part of to make damn sure that it fails.
Everything in their power to make sure it fails.
Which is why I'm personally, I'm going to come down to a lot.
Not to the studio, but just to go there and lose my ass and make my contribution at the slots.
Just to piss off the Jebster.
Another good idea.
Interact, I think, what you guys are doing.
We're going to start doing all the shows direct from the Per Mutuals.
That sound like a winner.
Sounds like fun.
We're going to be like, what is particular just spread it around.
Well, mostly pomp and oparctions that I have a vested interest there.
And you can spend all day just kind of like tossing something in the old slot.
I.
2014 votes on the poll.
We got the Curtis Stevens who come up next to give your ears a little breather until four o'clock
and a four o'clock man.
Look out.
Bye, bye, bye.
