The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts that don't like
clear engine destroyer show Kenny I'm warning you right now we want to announce a
loveless cool is taken place at W.Q.A.M. we've been taken over by free sports
nerd by crazy people it's like that yeah
carcassing blow this season on survivor the Jewish tribe and the Arab tribe see what happens when
Kittian and Rashid get into a fight during the water challenge see what happens when Simon
and Phaleed get in a fight during the mountain challenge
and in the season finale when they try to go off Tomar and Hamad the tribe is spoken you're both gone
the Arab tribe and the Jewish tribe on survivor this season there won't be any surprise alliances
because they both use bombs I'm dying over here
101560 W.Q.A.M. 2 September 5 man summers over even though it's not on the calendar it's done it is finished
it's official and I think we're done too man I think Q.A.M. is done we've been taken over by three crazy
people clearance and his boyfriend is beast and Robert Creeper three U.M. lunatics even though
another sea clearance didn't go to U.M. right no but he's still one of them he's part of their
thing not sure which part more bad news from Iraq by the way let's get that out of the way
right off the bat okay okay two U.S. Marines and three U.S. soldiers were killed in separate
attacks while other American soldier died of non-convent injuries in Iraq U.S. military
said yesterday at least 2653 members of the U.S. military have died since the Iraq attack started
March 2003 that's the AP count for those who are keeping track that's the AP count 2653 but who's
counting just numbers man we're just county bodies we're county bodies remember that song
that I don't know a blind man was a dangerous driver in England a blind man who lost his eyes and a
bomb blast has been convicted of dangerous driving after police spotted his car on the wrong
side of the road and of course we would consider it to be the right side of the road right
old med Aziz 31 was being oh sounds like a terrorist right was being a day Zed drove through old
very West Midlands by an allegedly banned driver in the passenger seat warly magistrates were
totally reached speeds of up to 35 miles an hour and a half mile to driver in the passenger seat
warly magistrates were totally reached speeds of up to 35 miles an hour on the half mile trip in April
Aziz of Oldbury who denied dangerous driving will be sentenced next Monday and a previous hearing
Iraq bore Iraqie born Aziz pretty guilty driving with no MOT you know what that is ministry of
transport tests oh which means they've done a safety check on your car oh they don't do safety
checks in your car anymore in Florida so they do it with no license and no insurance Aziz is also
he qualifies definitely for a six year floated driver's license to be renewed indefinitely by
mail on the internet Aziz is also partially deaf and suffers from leg tremors and he's blind
above the net he's a very good driver right like Donald Brainer and Miriam Toulin he's a very good
driver Richard Knight chairman of the bench at warly magistrates court said Aziz was aware of the
risk he posed to others mr. Aziz was fully aware of his disabilities and we find the driver
wasn't a dangerous defective state he said a dangerous defective state kind like our management
Aziz and his friend were arrested they from 23rd and about 2300 BST I don't know what BST is
that British standard time is that like BSTC or whatever that after police found their car
along Oldbury railway and in the rest Brahmwitch street he said I attempted to speak to the driver
who attempted to be fumbling around with the controls at that point the pastor leaned across and
stated he's blind oh I love it it reminds me of a scene from was that horrible movie with Al Pacino
that one oh sent him a woman where he was blind but he was driving through yeah to the streets of
New York by the way speaking of King of the New York streets that D on album man Yoh Franky
Yoh that's got to be the best album ever I just mentioned that in passing nobody's going to go out and
get it it's a little pass A that was back in our IOD days remember John Hamburg who was such a great
newscaster a channel six called me on the year that day and said I got to have that album when we
sent him a copy he didn't want a freebie or at least he pretended didn't but we sent him on anyway
remember that no yeah you do get out of here before my time baby there was not was absolutely not
okay at that point the pastor leaned across and said he's blind another officer uh Stuart
Edge who was president at the time told magistrates the vehicle and crossed a white hazard line on the
wrong side of the road just before being stopped uh Edge said I estimate he could see me he removed
the dark colored sunglasses he was wearing because he clearly he was blind as he had no eyes uh that's
hopefully pretty good well that's pretty good indicator yeah well there's candy cowly on CNN
as Jesus said he had previous driving experience prior to being blind in this homeland was president
court being held or helped around by the interpreter oh oh all right let's send him right immediately
the sunrise what do you say perfect for some cool he's a very good driver blind he's uh got a
few other information but other than that he's a very good driver stick his ass on the right side
of the road okay George uh for the uh took the bait thank goodness oh why the hell not if I suggest
you an easy pull you're right over that and on Friday he asked how much will you be listening
wqm is 24 hour tailgate party and what a game it was wasn't it no holy moly did I watch it no I
watched about four seconds of it well maybe about eight seconds because I turned it on twice real quick
they had one channel one of the sports nerd channels I don't know which one I was because I don't
pay any attention to this crap they have one channel with a game there were about six different
channels on my cable that have a game on well and one of the channels on the on the bottom they
have a talk show going on a sports nerd talk show and they show you the host and he's taking calls
and the game is like the top three quarters of the screen and this other crap is the bottom
quarter of the screen going on with a talk show these are sick people they don't just want to go
over the game they don't want to just see the game or listen to the game or read about the game
they have to discuss it they have to chew it eat it lick it sniff it I mean yeah just and
incessantly like we did that this past just throwing away an entire day from the ratings actually
I read ESPN channel was showing the game all on a different angle right yeah yeah it's like
it were like ten different they had ten different channels showing the game same game and then
one of them went to bottom the screen they're doing a talk show I'm surprised they didn't have
clearance on there in the beast doing something doing something I've seen just unbelievable
and we put this on it's like taking an entire day and blowing it down the toilet just saying okay
you know we know you guys across the street there are really desperate you know I have any
numbers and I don't have much business and you've lost millions of dollars what we're going to
do because we're such nice guys we're going to take an entire day and just throw it down the
and of course anybody who would say well it was labor day it's a holiday well you know something
evidently somebody must have been listening to this station because 1765 people loaded
on your fabulous pool on Friday that was my idea yes how do you like that and wait till you hear
the results of this pool I think I covered all the bases there are no so yeah you did fine job
this will make people do backwards cartwheels whatever they call those how much will you be listening
to you I was 24 hour tailgate party 1765 votes are you effing Schmitting me 847 so you try to
pull fast a blind sweet gummy there what I want you thought I would say one of them at least but I
didn't damn it are you effing Schmitting me 847 as in you're kidding I'm choking on now make
careful not at all 334 so right there you got 67% right there you got two thirds of our audience
what 24 hour tailgate party 227 there's another 18 and a half percent now you got over 80%
and then of course about 30 man a hundred said that just just to find somewhere to go
five and a half percent so you've already got over 90% of the audience there wouldn't touch that
with your hand how do you like that 24 hour tailgate party three total yards of rushing in that game
I could do that right now I could I could go from here like to the refrigerator
to the more than three yards that's right we're not getting tackled right even if a big
I was standing in front of you oh not much 58 I'll pop it on and off 56 and the game too I guess
and as much as I can 43 2.4% as much as I can a bunch of breathless idiots morons lunatics and
these are the people who take it over wq a m a triumphant of idiots of sports nerds who are who
take showers together I wonder if since the beast got married if the three of them are still
taking showers together four people think you know for sure and it is clearance and clearance and
robberter not getting married anytime so let me be to each other in fact there's a better chance I'm
going to get married the them can't you see that would you like to be the best the best Julio at the
oh clearance and Robert wedding would never be great that would be special or they ready to go
that we got the inquiry Travolta and pal ready for takeoff and when they say takeoff I don't think
they need a plane and it's a picture of John Revolta who's in the closet with Tom Cruise and
the archelle a leaning over and giving a big smooch this plane was in Hamilton Ontario a maybe
they were up here to get married John Travolta steals a smooch from an unidentified male friend before
the pair boarded John's personal 707 airplane together in Hamilton Ontario John who is what you
seen his picture he knows the smooch right oh it's a passion and he's up on who how do you know
it wasn't you know freely given why was he got a steal John Revolta is up on one two it says John
who was in Toronto working on his role as big mama Edna Turnblad in the new film adaptation of
Harrisbury even gets up on one two while puckering up with his pal was wife Kelly watching his
John in his buddy locked lips it's possible Kelly was already on board while the man kissed and the
three-some jet of off together not exciting oh boy I got the inquirer and the examiner and the
examiner names the Rio Jambanay killer how do you like that oh my god yeah I'll get to that so
that's George's pool and I can't I just can't say enough all I will say this part B of this whole
thing about that obnoxious tailgate party which one of the most idiotic ideas and the
real history of broadcasting it was the term loosely is that Kenny Walker's like a real broadcast
you sounds like a good guy the only thing I'll say about that is I don't know if you've noticed
this is it just me but it sounds like he and Bo are in the same building even much less than the same
studio that they are I know but they don't sound like in other words the the audio quality Kenny
sounds like he's muffled like he's off in a broom closet so well they given the old microphone
you know he's the new guy gets the old oh I see they're doing everything in their power to deep
six-year act Kenny you're a good guy you know you understand what a morning shows all about
these people understand nothing about morning shows midday shows after the only thing we know about
is that's it so don't let them do it because they're already loading them up with all these segments
we'll have Ira on we'll have the Pat Riley segment anything that has to do with that's right so
they'll kill you so what I would do is you know you're gonna have to get them before they get you
you're gonna have to go out and wouldn't you suggest that Tim would be a good idea yeah that would
be good this is the week that Kenny Walker and probably helped by Toaston and maybe even by the
Buddha Bowmeister we'll go out a little hallway we just just randomly around the building and
also Pete that's it anything I think I said that knows how it's drawing before I can find that
that's right good job because they're trying to deep six you man they want you to be part of
this sports fraternity narrow casting baby narrow casting wait until I start my own baseball card
radio station so we're gonna talk about his baseball cards all day and then one day we'll have a
segment about Bowman baseball cards and then another day about 1954 baseball cards are ones with
players faces in the TV sets in the Mahogany old Mahogany TV sets oh my god and the joe bell came
in this morning he said it was great and he slapped George and Josh on the ass and did a little
clear what wave his pom-poms and ran out the door 1013 at 560 WDQ and now the tropical storm or
Nesta was coming going and by the way we got more rain from it here than you did there but nevertheless
there's one video for sure hurricane season is in full swing it's they're swinging it so to say the
least now is the time to protect your home now is the time while you're still thinking about it to
call hurricane shutter outlet you got off the hook with your nesto it was just some rain but
who knows what the next big blow is gonna bring call 954 237 70 83 the hurricane shutter
outlet is your complete source for hurricane protection with all the things you need to get to
job don't save you big money to of course they stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane
panels and aluminum panels cut to your specifications and ready for pickup or those living right to you
and now they also manufacture accordion shutters if you're tired of putting the panels up and
taking them down up and down up and down in and out accordion shutters can really help simplify
your life the hurricane shutter outlet call 954 237 7083 tell me that Niel sent you get a hundred
dollars off a minimum order a 350 square feet contractors and dollars welcome to all major
credit cards accepted so with hurricane season in full swing now before the next big blow comes do
yourself a favor get the protection your house needs call 954 237 7083 or online is hurricane shutter outlet
com the biggest name the best talent to visit me or watch sports radio 560 you
and
before we begin a sad note Donald Trump passed away oh we can we have sent our deepest condolences
on this greatest of all losses uh these are good men former president Bill Clinton I am into
getting girls the section calls out to Romte California hello mr president do you ever put a bag
over Hillary's head during sex I do right that makes it good I like it uh boys the Idaho hello mr
Clinton are you okay with Hillary maybe becoming president again oh yes president Hillary all the way
what are the major points of her campaign uh trying to be cruel to hardworking people who were
paying taxes and doing jobs other people wouldn't do in America fill it out via hello hi Bill
what's the question yes yes you can I bring my boyfriend we can take a few more people but I don't
want to take so many that people lose the sense of intimacy they had last time I gotta get a
break and we'll be right back with my dog away oh wait wait look look with pop hat pop hat
look what we got we got Abu Gharr but they close that down by the way they're gonna transfer all
those to your backyard I thought it was gonna be a vacation hotel now 700 of the hotels here man
are the best 771 votes the biggest problem in the world is I like this pool my idea by the way
you know what I voted for I'll tell you when I get to it okay 776 votes already we'll get to
that thousand easy at which point I'm gonna go right back to bed religion 301 you heathen
bastards you you're all gonna rotten healthy you're gonna wind up just like that crocodile dummy guy man
and I got the thing my pst me off steaver well not whatever his name was I voted for a lady yes I
remember him from the old days of TV I've actually chicken that for members to her and by the way
nice job chicken that kind of two discs I wouldn't wish those on Iatola Shmendrick good god
straighten his ass out we will right to fight after hold his check back pretty soon anyway uh yeah he
died because he held up that little kid of his you dangled it that he dangled it practically in a
crocodile's mouth what a crock crock and now god god smote him baby it's right religion 301 ignorance
198 of course those two go hand at here green 70 again all all these you see how they tie in
again overpopulation 43 which without religious ignorance you couldn't have overpopulation 43
intolerance 39 without religion you couldn't have nearly as much here's where I voted sports talk
radios got if I wouldn't have voted for it have only 29 which we have no clip to you know about 29
but we do have sports talk radio the biggest problem we're without that all the other ones have
been promptly disappeared when you think let's have a 900 hour tailgate party starting right now
how about those marlins by the way what is that all about Josh making history it's just you know
everybody's talking about that stupid horrible football game last night with a 700 hour tailgate
party in the meantime the big sports story see leave it to us to know what's really going on the
sports the marlins who luckily the schedule just really broke their way wouldn't you say yeah are
you suggesting a 24 hour marlins tailgate party starting right now see ya marlins in the diamond
backs in fact let's take a look at that schedule I'll finish the pool mad dog at two the power
hour with hankett mad dog from four to five hank being vagus so it'll be doing it like by
long distance they'll be doing their cross-dress hank from vagus five to six thirty because oh look
at us he gets off another half an hour marlins on decades six thirty to marlins and the diamond
backs are really girls team at seven oh five and the edd case you out for the baseball game all
of this schedule leave it to clarity's got the baseball game ending at ten thirty edd k on 1145
so I guess between ten thirty and 1145 we're doing transmitter maintenance hey clairs do
fair and idiot man you're killing us with all your seat I want to explain one thing which I'm
sure that most rational saying people already know this and I said it a little bit before but I
need to repeat it very clear clear clearly there are people who are sports fans of varying degrees
there are people who are like you know casual sports fans who would maybe like you know check
this score the game or maybe they root for a certain team or you know what I'm saying my
channel is going to paper in the morning whatever or maybe there are those people a little bit
more interest tool you know watch the game on TV for free of course or listen to it on the radio
god forbid and then there are those people who actually will make the effort to buy ticket and
go to the game you see I'm we're leading up to the very different degrees of people are
depending on what the game might be you know the game do you know then there are those people who
are into a to sexy degree that the rest of their lives are in significance I have no life that's
correct that crowd they eat it they sniff it they lick it they chew on it they that's all they
know from they take showers together naked because that's all they know about is the ball games
and there are there are such a tiny amount so what I'm to point them try to make is that even people
who were interested in last night's game which was really pathetic of them of those people who
watched or listen or even went to a very tiny minority would be so into it that they'd want to
hear people talk about it incessantly you see what I'm saying blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
on and on and on how about my well canin quitting by the way is you suck mic brings in the most
hated player in a whole league the most despised reviled Todd Bertuzzi and trades away to best
goalie or maybe one of the best to her feet goalies for a kid who couldn't stop a bowling ball
and old any debbiegle which the leaves say get out of here already man you're an old daughtering
man they told me that too but I won't leave so anyway the pool of thirty for sports talk radio
tied with terrorism which also has got to think there's a cross over there a similarity
yes there is because certainly sports talk radio is terrorizing the Kenny and Vomorning show
and the rest of our station too see I should have said no I think George and Josh should work
on labor day oh you bastard but it's too late now yeah but I should have said that no
what I should have said was I'll do it how's that oh yeah that would have been a greater
and that would have really been pissed off oh my god he won't he's the party pooper man he's the
wall flower he won't he just won't go along with anything so you think I'm gonna like first of all
I wouldn't have to work yesterday anyway because this is the last week for my summer schedule I don't
work on Monday whether it's labor day whether it's a Mayday whether it's whatever I it's Monday so
it wasn't a day for me to work a holiday or not or look at this one I refresh this thing it's
gonna have eight hundred and two votes I think we got a good shot of the thousand at which point
I'm laying down on the floor and taking a nap speaking of Hillary yeah I got some good news see I'm
sure that over the weekend you have better things to do than to read all those 80 million stories on
our website and Josh ain't too happy about the being too many by them although it would be
pleased to know that even though it's working chip way to that new format I'm having no problem
whatsoever in emailing you many many stories are you excited oh yeah really excited friends of
Hillary Clinton have been whispering the unthinkable the absolutely unthinkable despite her status as
the runaway frontrunner for the 2008 democratic nomination for president some of her closest
advisors say she might opt out of the White House race and seek to lead her party in the Senate thank
God oh please oh there's off my dinner job well I like the way I said that that's great the former
first lady longs to return to the White House with husband bill is consort only last week she told
TV viewers America would be led by a woman one day stay tuned she said first however she has to
win the election some democratic party elders the American equivalent of the Tories man gray suits
this is in the brick sunday times say Clinton may back out of the race of her vote or own
volition I wouldn't be surprised if she were to decide that the best contribution she can make
to her country is to forget about being president become a consensus maker in the Senate said
the leading democratic party insider she believes there is no trust between the two political
sides and we can't function as a democracy without it oh please she's more concerned about the
system than she is about her own political ass a recent poll for time magazine showed that 53
percent of the electorate said they had favorable impression of Hillary and only 44 percent viewed her
negatively but oh that would would that be great then what we got oh god Al Gore yes huh how are you
yes do it Chris some screamer oh look at this on oh my god let me do the break to them we're
gonna do this is the fact if you love the tailgate party if you think that clearance and this
current regime we got a destroy the station so far just wait yeah this is the best carrot brand
and wasn't he on magic okay that's okay and look at who his co-host is going to be did you get
that far in the article no I did not in the third paragraph see what her name is
all right is the story been vetted by our third attorney man oh listen I heard Kenny droppin a few
a couple of f-bombs and didn't you hear that toward the end there and boys going out about everybody
was getting laid at the game something like that yeah how do you like that they had to make that name
up that's in the Sunson you're about to party buzz at the Sunson you know it's
not even a name there's no fire line on that story I don't know wonder why there's another page
to it somewhere though oh it's just one line on the other page no well it's okay I'll let you read
28 past 10 at 560 wqm su what yeah something like that I think we're going to be finished when
I read that hey it's in the newspaper if it's in the newspaper I can read it on the air okay it's
a news story you know me you know the old man with the news stories you know it's not always
easy for students heading off to college they have to get used to a new environment and
new sleep habits but a new mattress can really help a lot dial a mattress serves every major
campus on the east coast from Miami to Boston call 1-800 mattress ask for students specials
in your area if factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during their so-called
big sales plus dial a mattress has 12 month financing you know there can be a lot of restless
nights being away from home for the first time make it a little bit easier and more comfortable
with a great new mattress and dial a mattress call 1-800 mattress you get the lowest prices in
the universe on the best brands like Celi and Certa King Corlan Simmons Tempura Pete and Stern's
Foster Hewitt dial a mattress ranked number one customer satisfaction column toll-free 1-800
MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for stupid starter the biggest name of best
talents to the business wheel Rogers for radio 560 shoam the director of snakes on the plane
and the producer of beer fast another airline pilot stars in beers on a plane
we've reached our proof of cruising out to 2-7 feet
he's always from stinking truck
and in case of emergency the storage is if his plans can be used as a position to
flight the best out beers on a plane I bet he's had 20 years today that's how many I
had when I tried to plug the television in about $10.33 27 before 11 at 560 WQM your sports
insanity station man your sports intensive sports nerd station I did see a good movie over
the weekend which I told you about you have any said what is that you said that's really the
name of a movie and then I recorded I haven't seen the last hour for the game I don't think
ever saw that before with Vince Van Patten and what's your name Linda Blair no not Linda Blair
the one about rock and roll high school PJ souls or the Ramones with Vincent Van Patten like I
said 1979 Mary Warnoff but I beg your pardon Mary Warnoff that's not legal she's great she's
a good it's corny and it's and the Ramones are in it so the music isn't very good but anyway but
the good movie I saw a program what is it called oh the prize winner of Define Sohile
Judy Ann Moore and who I say I was in the husband the drunken husband Woody Harrelson
oh that's drunken excellent absolutely and when you go on IMDB and you read the reviews of the
movies that you watch and some of them agree with you that's really pretty good I don't want to hear
the Ramones sorry it took me while it makes me moan when you start putting Ramones ah fat plus
now let's see how many there were four of them in the beginning are there two still alive I think so
yeah I believe so rock and roll high school baby it's got its moment it's cute it's pretty corny
and it's like that other movie but I'm a cheerleader only not quite so yeah prize winner of Define Sohile
it's a true story written by the eldest daughter of a woman in Define Sohile who had a drunken
no good no count husband and she supported her 10 children she just supported family by winning
money in contests because back in those days back in the 50s they used to have all these you know
contest were for jingle contests and she won a lot of contest to make thousands of dollars and
it's just really good and if you like to imaginary heroes then you'll love this one it's kind of
in the same vein a little bit depressing but then again a lot of laughs okay okay we got over 800
votes on the pool already we'll have a 833 man I'm really impressed aren't you and sports talk
radius got 33 votes is the worst problem in the world anybody else out there was as deeply offended
by that 24-hour tailgate garbage that we hit on please call the police so here's this this was
in the Sun Central bar we're getting some heavy duty publicity or what oh my god now that we
got the new lineup on there we got Kenny and Bo Show in the morning and we got Mad Dog and a
Humper in the power hour and all this new stuff going are there billboards up all over the place
newspaper ads TV campaign huh now September 5 man it's after it's after summer people are
back kids are back in school people are back from vacation their final vacation of the summer
would now be the time for a big promotional campaign you think some show today view on WQAM
now this is on top of the one that we ran those 80 million promos for last week what was that
one about because I was trying not to listen to it oh you know we ought to get in and I'm
memory of that Stewart one Steve what uh no Stewart one was a TV guy Steve Irwin uh I'm
going to buy me a 1968 stingray crykey yeah that's a great to hear man keep it away from your heart
68 stingray god that thing it was like your ass was on the road that's how
you ever you ever ride one of those no about it written in some low cars before I had a friend
in Michigan who had a 68 stingray and I were oh brother I don't know where the hell we were going
but felt like your ass is dragging right on the road a new fishing radio show makes it stay
view Saturday and I was at this past Saturday and we didn't even know about it that's right
did you hear it I was here you were working did you work this show I worked the show after it
well what show is that that would be the real deal everything you need to know about automotive
that's what I was talking about maybe they can uh hope is up with a 68 stingray for Josh
Georgia pay for it yeah get the money ready public weekly fishermen presented by boat owners
warehouse hearers from seven on a m on wqa m on Saturdays the show was created by Jim Mandage
of the Jim Mandage show all right on wqa m in his mzm production partners Randy Castlewoods
and Michael Mandage is that one of the kids I'm sure yeah he was here the son now he's still like
a crazy person tearing stuff up for as he like growing up now uh how old are his kids now about 20
I think he's my age he was in the same class as me yeah I got news for you I mean I don't know
how you were as a like a teenager but he was just him and his brother when we were at iod they used
to come in and just tear the whole newsroom to pieces I mean they weren't teenagers I figure
how old were they I don't know like eight or nine or eight or eight or eight and then we just
come in and destroy everything just tear apart the UPI machine and just go crazy but maybe they
got out of their system I think they could use a good spanking Jim what do they look like by the way
the host of public's weekly fishermen is Eric Brandon oh my god a popular South Florida radio
personality that's a matter of opinion who works for 20 years at magic radio but he must be an old
fart by now Eric Brandon when you think I'm like oh you know what I did here I turned on the game
for about four seconds last night and I heard the PA and there was J. R. O. Keach croaking it out
and that's gonna be something when he's 85 he's still gonna be the PA guy for the hurricane and I
hope for the hurricane is oh what a silly person that's gonna be our poll question for tomorrow who's
the silliest of them all micro's and thal or J. R. O. Keach or uh clearance I think clearance has
got them all beat see the other people haven't excused but what what's clarence's excuse huh
for no life oh thank you Brandon Eric Brandon is an avid angler who fishes with his sons in
fresh water and offshore his favorites include running and gunning for dolphin bottom fishing and
fishing for peacock bass and large mouth bass in local lakes bottom fishing what what's that like
for catfish I believe that's deep sea I'm not positive I think yeah what does that mean bottom
fishing like you know something to do with breath don't you know what's what I think it means
Brandon is joined by cohosts soup cocking out there's right for the Miami-Herald and Steve
Waters outdoors writer for this that's almost like fudge brown oh it's much better yeah it is
outdoors writer for the sun sent them all each week they'll chat with a selector for charter
fishing captains for this reminds me of our good buddy the late micronary who is the guy he used
to hang on oh I don't know Barticle Bill the fishing report you know I'm talking about
Barticle Bill Taylor huh no you know what I'm talking about Captain Morgan tight lines and
that was salty soft placement on channel 13 in Tampa tight lines and good fishing but I was
a guy channel 400 years ago was rough redneck I got I wish I could remember that guy's name
they also used to have a fishing thing on for like about five seconds like right after weaver the
weather man and that's something just to have to think about all the good people who are dead oh I
don't want it depressing yeah let's not Bob Weaver your friend the bird Steve Irwin Stewart
crikey fat rich right each week the captains will talk about current fishing conditions and
share tips on everything from tactics to tackle oh man are we doing it or what and of course
obviously this is a financial thing because man just has his thumb on it can you imagine the money
he's raking in all right he's got more scams going out it's just unbelievable nice going mad dog
the scamster what's that chick's name again Sue so what are you doing today Sue docking
she's sitting on the docking of the bay with long stocking 854 votes on the pool oh god
Sue cocking Sue anybody you want to say but it's just kind of world we live in anyway oh real we've
got the real zombie nakedler from the national economy yeah you know well when you hear now
red you know you have to have to like have a little skepticism when you hear everything but when
you hear this story you'll wonder why how did they waste all this time a blame in appearance
and then this John Mark Carfruid kicking all the set of stuff you know you're wonder don't you
wonder about what I wonder who wrote the book of love maybe it was Sue cocking the biggest name
down
I'm
Oh
W.C.W. were sports in St. Station, man. We're out to an on it. 873 votes on the pool, aren't
you impressed? Especially like right after Labor Day. Because today is the day where everybody's
like getting back to abnormal. Wouldn't you think? Oh, yeah, absolutely. After Labor Day
holiday weekend. The biggest problem in the world is religion, 334. How do you like that?
Religion. All the cockamabee, bubble mice, he's invented by man. That's why they're also
sexist because see if women were written in religions, it would be a whole different
ballgame, man. So all you guys out there better kiss the ground and kiss each other's
ass and maybe kiss the john for voltage too. I'd rather get up on your tippy toe and
steal a kiss. Steal a steal a smooth. All right. Religion. 334 ignorance 221. God, there's
so many stupid people in so little time. Greed 82. Overpropop, I mean, ignorance just
terrorism 32. You see that? Spending all these billions and dollars fighting this phantom,
the boogie man, you know, all these terrorists. How come we don't spend more money fighting
sports talk radio? We could have heard of that the embarrassing tailgate crowd. Oh,
it was great. There are just no words to describe it. It's just, it's just me limp. Poverty
31, fear 19. It's the fear factor, baby. That's what it's all about. There's the O'Reilly
factor and there's Max factor and it's the fear factor. And that of course is what the
bush might say. That's what they play the fear factor. I hate this poll only 13 1.4%
hours. You're impressed. They like it. And disease 11 disease out of 800 a three votes.
Now, let's see before we tell you who killed John Bane. Got a good book coming out today
as a matter of fact. I'm going to go to the bookstore right now and get it. See ya. Let's see.
What the hell is the name of the book? The architect Carl Robe and the master plan for absolute
power James Moore and Wayne Slater wrote this an upcoming book about presidential advisor
Carl Robe reports allegations of anti-semitism by president George W. Bush according to
raw story and Larisa Alexander O'Reilly who wrote this. I wonder if she knows who cocking.
In the architect Carl Robe and the master plan for absolute power, Austin based journalist
James Moore and Wayne Slater senior political reporter for the Dallas Morning News will
age that Bush once made anti-semitic report comments to reporter. You know what I'm going to
tell those Jews when I get to Israel don't you Herman and then Governor George Bush allegedly
asked reporter for the Austin American statesman when the journalist Ken Herman replied he did not
know Bush reportedly delivered the punch line. I'm going to tell them they're all going to hell.
How do you like that? The hot water thing. And that's something. So that's what George
Bush has to say to the Jews. Go to hell. Yeah. The quip never received wider media attention
roster obtained a copy of the architect this week the book. Bush's thoughts on the fate of
non-Christian souls became a minor source of controversy after he told the Houston Post 93 that
only those who accept Jesus go to heaven. However the future president was also earlier briefly
engaged to a half Jewish woman. How do you like that? I wonder which half? The authors of the
architect assert that religion and ethnicity have been manipulated by Bush and Roe to divide
in concordination and that new book this is a separate article but never less still connected
to the same book. It reports that Carl Roe's stepfather Louis Roe divorced his mother
and lived the rest of his adult life as an openly gay man. Oh my god. Roe's story has learned.
It was pretty raw. This is one of many bombshells delivered by reporters James Moore and Wayne
Slater in his new book which also alleges that Roe held street corner meetings with fallen
super lobbyist Jack Abramoff knowing that all visits and phone calls to the White House were
logged. Abramoff recently put a girl to text for our conspirator bribe members of Congress.
Street corner meetings. When the latest sidewalk strategy session with Carl Roe had concluded,
Jack Abramoff settled into the back seat of a chauffeur driven car. Moore and Slater write on page 9.
Like I said, everything that comes out of the White House is logged in. The phone calls he makes,
the phone calls we receive. So this was just easier. There's much to digest in the architect but new
details of Roe's family history self-proclaimed agnosticism and the political machine built by
friends such as scandalized lobbyist Jack Abramoff are certain to raise the hackles of Roe's
Republican base. How do you like that? Sighting on the record sources including close friends
of the older Roe, Moore and Slater reveal he lived openly as a gay man remain close to a
son throughout his life. Carl Roe believed Roe was his natural father, learning the truth only
after his parents divorced during his young adulthood. A New Yorker profiler Roe recounts their
relationship. Roe's spoke of it, spoke of his adopted father and the tone of fierce admiration
love and loyalty. For as he put it, how selfless his love had been as shown by his willingness to play
persuasively the part of a bloodparent for two decades. The architect describes the relationship
of Lewis and his longtime friend Joseph Coons. Well, I wonder if he knew Sue.
Sue, talking. Joseph Coons had been living openly as a gay man throughout his life. Are you going to
step on that already or what? God, you are bad. Although from what I heard Kenny Sanders morning with
six F-bombs in the last minute of the show. Maybe that's part of the sports deal. Joseph Coons
had been living openly as a gay man throughout his life. But Lewis Roe would only come out after
he left his family in Salt Lake City and moved to Southern California. Well, that figures.
And the book Coons recounts how he and the elder Roe began to cruise the scene in Palm Springs,
looking to make friends with older gay men, eventually forming a social club they dubbed
the Old Farts Club. Oh, too bad. We can't play any old Farts Joyce. We can't even play any new ones.
The man met every Friday, usually at the Rainbow Cactus restaurant. Oh, if the cactus
or the Martini Burger to eat, drink, and socialize. Never have a Martini Burger?
No, it's not the good one. It's a more enslaved or raised speculation as to whether the
suicide of Roe's mother, Reba, may have been aggravated by the shame she felt over Lewis's
homosexuality. That corn sure is special, Lewis. A man of almost starling intelligence,
Roe was not likely to ignore the possibility that his father's homosexuality might have
figured his mother's choice to enter her own life. The author's right. A self-admitted agnostic.
How do you like that? Oh, my God. Roe has today portrayed his parents divorce and mother
subsequently death as something of a mystery. It's hard to figure out he told Time Magazine in 2004.
You can speculate on what demons she just wasn't able to overcome, but she couldn't.
One might think that such a sensitive family situation might have kept Roe from using it as a
political ace in the hole. Instead, he made sexual orientation specifically, gay marriage,
the centerpiece of a presidential campaign, and to getting our conservative votes in states like
Ohio. I wonder if he knows Charlie Christ. The premeditated and well-organized
assault of the Roe fledg European described in the architect as breathtaking. One has to wonder why
a group of senior members of a Christian right huddled in the room together and planning to play
one Christian denomination against another and never made the headlines. Well, I'm getting
that book today. It had more insight to present something more than the background shockers of
these public figures. They provided detailed illustration of a conglomerate that profited on
faith, race, heritage, even gender using the very people who are trusted by their congregations,
their leaders and their heroes. The book is out today from Crown Books, the architect Carl Roe
and master plan for absolute power by James Moore and Wayne Sutter. I'm sure a lot of you are
going to be running your bookstores of borders and whatever right now, aren't you? You know this
audience man. They're going to be on it. Not. Okay, so you want to know who killed Jean Bain?
Who killed? Well, let's first take care about these things, aren't we? I heard it was that crocodile
yeah, I heard it was a sulfuse. Well, I've got all these other great stories. Sunday school
teach your father being a woman and we had that story on the show. I'm pretty proud of that,
you know, if that's in the inquire. Remember that? Yes, I do. Mary Lambert. By the way, you know,
technically everything that the superior said is biblically correct. Women are exposed to be talking
in church. Oh, or at home. Right. Or in the supermarket. You're supposed to keep your head covered
and all that in your mouth. There you go. Oh, how about the FBI reports? Plot the steel
Elvis's body and his dad set it up. I'm still in for time because I want to do the breakdown because
I don't want to interrupt this important story about John. But hey, since obviously that's the big
topic. Do you? I'll look pretty much now. We don't hear anything more about it. Do we? No,
that because that was embarrassing that whole media circus. Another one has it. It didn't happen.
That's correct. Regis and Hasselhoff. It's war talent co-stars battle over facelifts. America's
got talent co-host and boy, I'm telling you between the two of them, they don't look at
it over 180 and boarded. They have talent or what? No. I mean, I, you know, Regis is, he's just too much,
too much already. Wife kills husband and cooks him and serves him to the kids. Oh, for me. There you
are. Isn't that good? Well, I don't know. I haven't had any yet. See, I'm trying to see if there's
any. Almond, Joy. Almond's already great for you. And nuts, what an, Almond's come back,
cholesterol and calps keep your heart healthy. Well, good. I love almonds. So eat some nuts. I wonder
if Sue likes them. Sue. The Fishing Lady. Oh, that was amazing. Psych18 age, it stands to
medical world with miracle cures. One is number? Yeah. Yeah, the shoe size. I do. I was a kid. And of
course, we name the real job in a killer and it's not the wacko who confess well, no Schmidt. Wow,
it's not him. Well, global warming says John in South Columbia, South Carolina, who's now
usually his last name, John Gore. Is that just a joke or what? That's a joke, get it? Uh, uh,
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, okay, whatever you say,
John, you're boring. Global warming and that's a pull. Okay, that should get some vote. That'll
be probably put us over a thousand, I would think, wouldn't you? We got nine, ten, nine, ten.
I always, uh, I think nine, fifty was WBBF, the home of the busy bees in Rochester, WBBF.
With Joe Dean and, uh, Morton Ispon. What kind of a guy goes on here and uses the name Morton Ispon?
That would be like, how are David? The biggest name, the best talent, the
this is the O'Rodgers, 4th, radio 560, QAM.
This is the Neil Roger show.
Any questions?
Coming up tonight on Inside of Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music
biography profile story, they formed in Seattle in the 90s, which meant they were either
stoneers or part of the burgeoning crunch may have succeed.
Preferably both. They were soundguards.
Black holes.
Out back here is the, uh, garden where we, uh, make our sounds.
Soundgarden's Chris Cornell took our inside of behind reporter on a tour of the Back Garden,
which provided the inspiration for the band's music and their name.
Here you can see the, uh, green plants that, uh, really helped us in the creation of all our albums.
We got the Cheetahs, man.
Oh, no, sorry, I didn't know.
Yeah, open up.
Oh, man, it's a strong raid that we got a Republican control congress.
Great.
We've got all these plants on my finger.
What?
You want to go down with me, dude?
Start seven.
Yeah.
Open up.
Good.
Uh, get it up there.
It's the last thing we have to take to look.
Last place they'll look.
What are you hiding?
Oh, man.
Oh, that's a good one.
Soundgarden.
They never got as famous as Nirvana, but hey, that means they didn't have to deal with that
plunge at whore, Courtney loved.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing wet look at show business tonight, on inside of behind.
So how many hits do you think they're going to get when somebody puts up that video of,
uh, your buddy Steve or when getting off with that, uh, the thing right?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Third, man.
Third, man.
Oh, everybody's going to want to see that.
I'm not that I care.
Croiky.
That's what happens when you dangle your little kid in front of a crocodile,
because that's a real crock, okay?
He's in it.
He was irresponsible.
And then all of a sudden, God smated him or slowed him.
I'm glad that somebody faxed me this, starting to think from Friday,
because after a long holiday weekend, you tend to forget I did see him.
Of course, I mean, I'm always breathless on the edge of the seat.
I noticed that very jackass don't even write a regular, uh, sports, uh,
radio, uh, nerd column every week like he used to.
He's small potatoes now.
Jim Sarni, there's the man, the big bullfrog.
Wouphoo.
Anyway, he tells us this breathless news about Mohawar David back on FTO,
hosting the game day insiders on, uh, whatever they,
joined by Keith Sims, Eric Rett and Johnny Mitchell.
Saturdays, two to four and Sunday's 11th,
and five pimp.
How can we compete with that?
We've got to put on a fishing show with, uh, Eric Granted and Sue Cocking.
David was also doing some film work for ESPN Radio City.
He doesn't miss his old shows on WQM,
and neither does the audience.
How do you like that?
I don't miss where I work not even a little bit, Mohawar said.
Oh, that's what it says in the article.
One of the top football announcers in the country,
David crossed a new frontier this summer when did the first radio play by play on
serious for the world poker championships in Las Vegas.
Totally, totally, totally.
That was the wildest experience of my life in broadcafting, David said it was a challenge,
but I know the game and it worked out well.
I'll do no, I'll do more poker, but no darts, Dominoes,
or any other cockamamae events they come up with.
He's got standards to it.
Yeah, might do a little bit of my strong,
and the world shuffleboard, a shuffleboard championship,
is in Hellendale or coming up,
he might do the call on that,
but no darts, Dominoes, or cockamamae events,
or Sue or whatever.
Maybe, that's it.
We got over nine her votes, aren't you excited, it's only only over,
and just barely after level, we got 926, man.
Maybe now that all these the summer and holidays are over with,
next Monday we go back to our regular scheduled damage.
Woo!
Next Monday, 9-11, by the way.
That's right.
Do you know what CNN is doing next Monday?
What is CNN doing?
It's insanity.
I know, I kind of know.
What?
What they're going to have a whole day where they relive
and show those videos that we know right now.
They're going to show all their programming from 9-11-20-1.
Making the scab for waiting.
That's right, making it bleed.
That's what they're doing.
I'm sure that the Bush-Mistor and all his right-wing lunatics
I'm sure they love that.
See that?
We're under tremendous, all the bogeyman is going to get us again.
Speaking of the bogeyman, the national examiner
in their September 11th issue, speaking of 9-11,
we name the real John Bonet killer,
and it's not the wacko who confess.
And here's a picture of Miss John Mark Kars.
She looks, I don't know, bizarre.
Kars.
The twisted sicko who molested battered
and strung a little job in a Ramsey has been brought to justice,
and he's not the goofy-looking petafile John Mark Kars
who's sensational confession has the nation buzzing.
The six-year-old beauty queen's murderer is Michael Helgoth,
a 26-year-old convicted petafile who collected Barbie dolls
and was obsessed with young girls' guns and violence.
Michael Helgoth, but he off-Job in A.
But Helgoth, who covered himself with tattoos,
including one of the grim reaper and another of a blood-gripping skull,
committed suicide just weeks following Jambanese murder on December 25, 96.
He apparently shot himself on Valentine's Day 97,
the day after a threatening statement was issued
by Boulder Colorado District Attorney, Alex Hunter.
But they sure did a really thorough and great investigation there,
didn't they?
They're way too near more of the evidence that they had there,
and they still nobody even talks about this punk.
I will say something to the person or persons who took this baby from us,
the list of suspects and narrow as Hunter said,
soon there will be no one on the list but you, that's what the message said.
And then the next day, but I'm saying, I guess it was just coincidence, huh?
That's right.
The unsettling message was carefully constructed by the FBI experts
designed to put immense psychological pressure on a killer to make him a sweat
and hopefully turn himself in.
Instead, Helgoth, who ran a Boulder area salvage yard,
seemed to take the cowardly way out,
knowing the cops were closing in.
So,
his pal, John Kennedy, had previously gone to police
telling them of Helgoth's sadistic love of shootings for his dogs,
how he threatened people with guns,
and some bizarre coincidences involving the Jambanay case.
Oh my God.
When Kennedy learned that Jambanay's skull had been severely cracked
from a vicious blow, chills ran down his spine.
Kennedy told police that Helgoth loved to talk about killing people
and once said to him,
I wonder what would be like to crack a human skull?
I like that.
He wondered who wrote the book of love and what would it be?
Er, who?
So, that's, I guess that's what he'd like to do in his spare time.
Crack go out and kill some people.
Yeah.
Mike was pretty happy around late November about him
and a partner making a killer deal recalls can be,
I guess that's a plan, words.
They were each going to make 50 or 60 grand,
and Christmas comes, he's really depressed
because there was no money.
The total amount of money Helgoth and a secret partner
were collected would come very close to 118,000.
The odds some demanded in the Bazaar ransom note
left at the Ramsey home.
And following Helgoth's death,
the police discovered more than,
in fact, he said he was going to give the other two grand
to you guys, a thousand of Georgia loves and jikes.
All right.
I'll buy you a paper.
People know that.
And following Helgoth's death, the police discovered more
damning evidence.
In addition to the money amount,
the cracked skull remark,
his prior convictions were sexually molesting a child
and the charge by his former girlfriend
that she'd cut him naked and bid with her young daughter.
You following all of this?
Yeah.
Doesn't take shy life homes to put these clues in.
A lot of coincidences here.
Comp searching Helgoth's home after the suicide found
a pair of high-tech work boots,
the souls of which would make the prints like the one found
in the Ramsey basement
where an intruder was believed to have broken in.
They also found a taser stun gun,
John Bane's autopsy revealed Mark's
inner body similar to those made by a taser,
leading investigators to believe that the killer
used a taser to run at Little Miss Colorado helpless.
His friends say he was a stun gun nut
and that he used to break into people's houses
just for the thrill of doing it.
So it's all a grain investigator hired by the Ramsey's
and cops found a shirt with the mystery letters,
SBTC on it and passed with the word victory on them.
Amazingly, the Rancid Note found at the Ramsey home was signed
Victory SBTC.
Another question.
Police also discovered pictures of young girls
on a newspaper clipping about the unsolved case of a five-year-old girl
who had been kidnapped and murdered five years before Little John Bane.
See, when you dress up your little girl like a slut,
like some great young girl.
You're gonna try to test it.
Helgoth's DNA with that found in John Bane's underpants
and believed to have been left by her killer.
It didn't match.
But private eye gray in John's sand Augustin believed
to be an able-onged at Helgoth's unknown partner.
They also believe the secret partner may have murdered Helgoth
and may look like suicide to cover his own tracks.
If he's one of two people involved in a major,
major death of a small girl,
what's the best way to eliminate the word
getting out that you had any involvement?
Says Gray, you eliminate your partner.
Just with like a little...
One of those.
The evidence pointed to Helgoth as John Bane's killer
is overwhelming next to the ridiculous statements made by Carr
whose sources say has been a mental mess
since his deranged mother tried to set him on fire when he was an infant.
That would kind of do it.
She was locked away in a psycho ward shortly after.
Family friend George McCurray says Carr has always been paranoid
and needs a psychiatrist worse than anyone he's ever met.
Here's why experts believe Carr didn't do it.
And it got a whole way to don't need to read those
because we know he didn't do it.
Well, one of them was, uh...
Carr claimed he got into the Ramsey house
by attending a Christmas party
and hiding in a bedroom until everyone was gone.
The problem is the Ramsey's didn't have a party
but on December 23rd, two days before the murder.
Carr claims the child's violent death was an accident.
And he goes, uh...
We already know about that.
About that food cake.
Nobody really likes food cake.
565.
We got some good stuff there on our MySpace.com, you know?
Oh yeah.
That's a beautiful heavy-dummy stuff.
And I bet you we got 942.
All we got to do is put a one in front of that
and you got the year of my birth, 1942.
Is that what Columbus discovered in America?
That's right.
Casas Doctors encounter unexplained injuries
says, uh...
Double McIntyre in the independent UK.
Doctors and gas are reporting what they say.
Unexplained injuries among the dead
and wounded in operations by the Israeli military,
which have killed more than 200 Palestinians
in the past nine weeks.
Unexplained injuries.
The World Health Organization is,
and by the way, how about that, Mike Keenan?
Bye-bye, Mike.
You idiot.
You bozo.
Now they got that frog, Jack Martin in there, man.
What a joke that is.
We love the Panthers.
Are you ready for hockey season or what?
You're gonna be going to the games against Josh?
Yeah, I'll go to a couple of games.
No, you won't.
No, you won't.
What do you mean?
I went to like four last year.
To actually watch the gamer to go there
and like, shoes around and get paid for it.
Uh-huh.
Well, no, I went to four besides the schmoozing and getting paid.
Wow, that is problem-pressed.
The World Health Organization is considering
whether there is a case for an investigation
of the injuries amidst suspicions by the medics
that the injuries were inflicted
by what they claim may have been unidentified
non-conventional weapons.
Besides, especially severe burning down to the bones,
the doctors say that in other cases,
internal organs have been ruptured
without any obvious signs of shrapnel wounds.
While a report from the Hamas-Ran Ministry of Health
said the injuries raised the possibility
that Israel could be using unprecedented projectiles
with radiant substances,
the medics acknowledge there's no proof so far of their claims.
They also admit that the difficulty of establishing
the exact cause of death is greatly exasperated
by the reluctance of the most be redeveloped
in the families to allow autopsies.
The concerns were aired at the weekend
by a group of Palestinian medics
during a visit to Gaza
by a delegation from positions
for human rights Israel.
The delegation agreed to take away fragments of tissue
from the bodies of Palestinians
killed during the recent military operations in Gaza
for possible analysis in Israel
but urged the medics to seek an international investigation.
I like that.
There he goes, click it on toward the Israel again, man.
You just can't stop, can you?
No.
Wow.
Oh, there's a bunch of geckys out there.
Look at that.
They're talking about America votes.
The election is not that far away.
It's already September, man.
September 5, which means the election is like what?
Two months away, right?
Okay, just like my 64th birthday.
Then I can plant it.
What does the name of that bit?
Is it called what I'm 64?
Yes.
Or no I'm 64.
What is it?
Are you talking about the KJ word?
There's just two of them.
There's one of them.
Right.
There's a new one called Nell and Paul McCarty.
One of them.
What is it called?
Nell, I'm 64.
Oh, Nell.
Nell.
Why the hell didn't you say it?
Not a question.
Oh, then there's Nell.
He's 64.
You're talking over me.
Oh.
I see.
We don't want to plant it right now.
Maybe a hoopry.
948 votes on the pole, man.
We're rolled along.
We've got more people voting on a pole
than they had listening for that whole tailgate party
for that horse ball ball game they played last night.
Oh my god.
You know, I keep looking at that thing online again
and reading about the fact that there was a combined total
of three yards rushing in the game.
It must have been scintillating.
You know what?
Must have been scintillating.
Three yards rushing.
And these are the two powerhouses, baby.
They're hurry kids and the Seminole's.
Why?
Give me a break.
Three yards.
Although I guess this year, Joshua wasn't
wide-rider-ride left at the end, right?
No.
Because that's usually what the...
It's almost always a really boring, low-screwing game,
totally ineptitude, and at the end,
if it's you as a chance to win it or tie it.
And it's always wide-rider-ride, except last year.
Didn't they...
Now what was the score last year?
I don't remember.
The score?
They did win.
Yes, they did.
And then they win again last night.
So I guess the Hurricanes are done.
They're finished.
So who are we going to...
Are we cursed down here now?
The biggest name.
The best talent.
We can use that while we're working now.
The Sports Radio 5GL Lady Queen.
Marlon's fans.
It's the 2006 QA and Mercedes-Benz Grand Slamming Contest.
But Marlon's player hits a grand slam with a fifth inning.
You could win a two-year lease of a Mercedes-Benz C230.
For more information and to enter,
log on to wqand.com today.
The 2006 Mercedes-Benz Grand Slamming Contest.
From Sports Radio 5-6K to A.M.
New York.
Oi!
Now you are older.
You still have your hair.
And you're all shy, bro.
I heard you were splitting up with Heather your wife.
It's another day in a life.
Last year your age was 63.
Time to add one more.
Let's have a party for Pomokartney.
Now he's 64.
We roll over to you.
I'd like to say these words.
Do it, do it, do it.
Have me put these two new.
You and the Beatles once were big news.
John and George are gone.
George had cancer, John got shot, they didn't survive.
Good old wringo, he's still alive.
Watch your bust, holding some weed.
In Japan on tour.
Your wife doesn't need you.
Her lawyer will bleed you.
And you're 64.
I'm dying out of here.
1119 at QAM.
Mike Walker who writes celebrity gossip crap in the Inclire.
He writes, what is wrong with you man?
You're out of control.
I remember Bo Diedel.
That's it.
I was John Lennon.
John Lennon's going to have a birthday pretty soon too.
When baseball legends Steve Garvey showed up in our late present and awarding the LAM awards show,
organizers got annoyed.
Steve Garvey who turned a woman.
That wasn't Steve Garvey, who was that?
Steve Irwin.
No, no, the other California athlete who looks like a lady now, I can't think who that is.
He did a spot for some full-new weight loss stuff.
But anyway, organizers got annoyed.
Downright fear resources say when security reported he'd lingered for drinks at an after party on the after-apadio,
then ducked back into the vacant lobby of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and urinated on the carpet.
You're going to tie up there.
Security staff, hopefully informed organizers, they would not mop up after the ex-big-leagor.
Steve Garvey peed on the carpet.
And he liked that.
Great extra-dozer-jock idiot.
How come I can't take a hood on that is it looks like a lady now?
I'm sure he doesn't have any more.
Maybe everyone knows operations that John Mark Karr was open again.
Speaking of somebody with an operation, what a good segue man.
Castro's, don't you think that those people all those old green tooth and all those punks that were dancing around and carrying on dancing in the streets without Martha and the Van Dellas?
They ought to be embarrassed and ashamed, but they never will be.
No.
Because they're just emotional cripples, they just need your reaction man, just like the Jews of Israel, it's the same thing with your people.
Oh, if he there was dead, but everybody's dancing in the streets, they got the Hootsie Coachy, like they had the La Cucaracha in their pants.
Man, even Sue Stocking was embarrassed by that.
Who?
No, that's what I'm going to call her from now.
I could be going to say that.
Can't say that other word.
All right, your crew, your Joyce is going to come and kick your ass.
Here you go.
I'm going to go watch it right now.
Standing on the shadows of Motown.
One Motown.
Fidel Castro said in the statement today that he's lost more than 41 pounds, even without Jenny.
Oh, by the way, you know who's a disgusting table already know that.
And a miserable bitch who one of these, she's in here somewhere.
Hillary.
No.
Jenny Craig.
No, for the alley.
There you go.
Oh, I read that story, yeah.
Now wait a minute.
And this, and one of these tabloids, there's a thing about you.
Inquirer.
That's all right.
You didn't see it?
The fat person he was happy and friendly with.
He's skinny, skinny, his hungry, and holding up like crazy.
Wow, and there's Johnny Bolton.
No wonder he's kissing that guy.
He's got these big breasts.
Did you see that picture?
No, and this time in Rome, 2002.
He's got breasted.
My God, even Dolly Parton's embarrassed.
But here's, here's Karney Wilson.
Did you see all these?
Yeah.
The before or the back then picture.
Seriously, she, she, she looks like 10 candy calories all like sewn together.
But the bad news is, and the interesting part about most of them, there's your buddy James Spader,
which I can't stand him.
I can't stand him.
He looks like he's ready for the box, honey.
Yep.
Wow.
And Bar and Babsman, Barbara Streisand, binge the weight of nearly 200 pounds.
Take her, she's 5'5", 200 pounds.
So that would be like, you know, probably you 5'6".
Yes.
So that would be like you weighing about the, ooh, the 10, like two 12'as double.
Like her cow.
And here's Mark Anthony, who looks like, what a screamer.
Oh man, a screamer.
But anyway, where's the picture of Christy Allen?
If you haven't got this recent query, go out and get it.
Oh, there she is, down on her hands and knees, which I'm sure it ain't the first time.
Because she's a Scientologist, you know.
Oh, I see.
Oh, that's right, you told me.
Christy Allen was spelled in sexy when she broke into Hollywood, and she began to eat and eat and eat.
The 5-8 actress didn't slow down until 2-19.
Now she's on the teni-crate, that is lost 71 pounds.
But the bad news is that she's been picking out again and again in a lot of it back.
So the commercials you see on TV, that's before she started putting it all back on.
How do you like that?
Oh, Brittany Dekeven, the party's over, that's Dekeven.
Oh yeah.
She said that before, she's like, here's the article that says, Brittany isn't the cash cow she once was.
Ooh!
That's the cow part.
That's a great line of the cash cow.
Wow, look at some of these, speaking of cow, some of these people in there.
Man.
Anyway, we don't want to go into that.
Let's get back to Fidel, that's the important stuff.
All of you people dancing in the streets carrying out like a bunch of maniacs.
Oh, it's a little premature evaluated, yes, me.
Of course, a lot of you, a lot of your people have had that problem for years, you know.
I know.
Today I'm recovering at a satisfactory rhythm, said the statement published in the Communist Party Daily Grand Ma,
which is a company that is called Aboila.
Oh, that's right, I don't have a DNA in it.
What does that mean, grandma?
G-R-A-N-M-A.
I don't know.
Oh, which is accompanied by new photographs of the 80-year-old Fidel.
He said that he just recently had the last stitches from his surgery removed, probably from his rectum.
I can affirm that the most critical moment has been left behind.
See that? He said something about behind the rectum.
The statement was accompanied by 10 photos of Castro during his convolescence.
All of them, he was sitting up and wearing either a short sleeve Navy Bluer-Light Blue pajamas.
In several, he's reading or writing, or maybe doing arithmetic.
Most of the pictures showed a leader from the waist up, although one shows the whole body as he sits in a rocking chair,
with slippers on his feet, writing what looks to be a newspaper.
Probably some comedy propaganda, probably a property, even though they don't publish it anymore, maybe just grandma.
In another picture, Castro holds up a broad sheet proof of a new book written from a series of interviews he gave to French journalist Ignacio Ramone,
which he said was interviewed during reviewing during his recovery.
In the coming days, I'll be receiving distinguished visitors yet, and apparently referring to some of the heads of state and government who will be traveling to Evanna for these summative non-aligned nations.
This doesn't mean that every activity will be immediately accompanied by video or photo images, although news will be provided of every one the statement said.
In the week since his surgery, his specific ailment have been treated as a state secret.
All of us must understand that it is not convenient to systematically offer information, nor to give out images of my health situation, Castro Edd.
All of us must understand realistically that the complete recovery time, whether we like it or not, will be prolonged until he stick his bearded ass in a box.
Then you can dance.
At this moment, I'm not in a hurry and no one should be in a hurry. The country is marching and moving ahead.
The government is not announced whether Fidel or Raoul will represent the country during the next week's summit. Raoul, you know, Fredo, Fredo Jr.,
Right.
They're all Fredo.
But you notice another tapino we kept here at all these rumors and something was going to happen.
See, Bush is too busy with him air-abs, man, because he's got this Islamophobia.
That's what he suffers from.
He suffers from homophobia, Islamophobia, and euophobia.
Because all of you, all of you, all of you, is going to rot in hell.
That nice?
Mm-hmm.
Took the Bible, too.
Certainly. Certainly, I hope that all of you Jews out there that voted for Bush either time are going to go out for his neo-concronies.
I hope you're really proud about that.
Yeah, but he's so good for Israel, yeah, for obvious reasons.
980 votes. Global warming's got three, by the way. Aren't you excited when we added that?
Oh, yeah, thrilled.
The biggest problem in the world is religion 385. Get rid of it. Ban it. Dump it.
I told you, I said I travel show last night with Madrid on PBS.
And it was shown all the... Of course, I've been there, but to me it was kind of a bland city and all the buildings are white.
They all look the same.
But they showed all the artwork in there, which is enormous museums and all kinds of good stuff.
And the bloody history, man, from the inquisition and all the stuff...
Oh, yeah.
All the religions, man. All that ever happened.
No.
983 ignorance 239. Biggest problem is greed only 90s. See the top two religion ignorance.
And of course, you have to be ignorant to believe any of those fairy tales, man.
Oh, the good book says this and the good book says that. And of course Noah had the arc, man.
He was a drunken goofball, but he built the arc, shredded.
Yeah.
Well, he bought the nails at Noah's arc, hardware store and Rochester.
Overpopulation 62. And of course, then he had to buy a lot of shovels too.
I wonder how he cornered those elephants and tigers and lions that got them on the arc.
Oh, man.
And speaking of stingrays, why did God invent this thing here with that nasty thing?
To punish Steve Irwin, obviously.
Well, good job. Praise the Lord.
Overpopulation 62, intolerance 47, sports talk radio 38. God eliminated it now, especially after this weekens the Baccholic QAIM.
And you notice we don't have any sports nerd writer in town that's got the balls to write an article and say, what a joke.
What a ridiculous piece of crap.
Why would they do that?
Because they might have the balls to say it.
Yeah.
Oh, terrorism 38, poverty 34, fear 22.
I hate this poll 14, only 1.4%.
And Dave Hyde writes this article about how crappy the game was.
By notice, he didn't point out that the game is always crappy and a queue of wasted 24 hours and killed our whole rating for the entire day yesterday.
Butchered it. And that's because Joe Bell has handed the keys to the kingdom over to a trio of little children.
Don't start playing Billy J. Cramer again, please.
There's these 11 and global warming only three.
Tom Gorshield.
So the best talent for this is Neil Rogers, sports radio 560.
What a game.
And Dave wants that is Tom.
Alright, f***ing bow.
560.
WQA, your sport hall-minded station presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Neil won't be in a game today, so that we may provide you with more titillating entertainment.
Well suited for this area and the management state of mind.
Live from the white side of the grove.
It's MiamiHurricaneGirls.boss.
27th of noon, that's coming up from my 10 minutes.
Can't wait.
Maybe I'll sneak a call in here. What do you think? Probably won't be anywhere.
Are you definitely in? Hello?
Hello, is this Mr. Neil Rogers speaking?
Hey Neil, are you back in Miami or is that a lie?
How big your party? Are you living here again?
I'm in Cedar Key.
Alright, I feel more comfortable when you're in the state of Florida than in Canada.
I don't.
You don't know.
No.
Anyway, chances in my broad doing another show from South Florida on a scale of zero are...
You're fairy.
Oh, the big O, none.
Zero.
Here's the article I was looking for, desperately.
Cursty, chow's down and then blows up.
Up.
Did you see this one?
Yes.
In the same inquiry. You saw it?
Yes.
You've seen it? Yeah.
Don't get in the way of a hungry Cursty Ellie.
That's the lesson learned a hard way by workers and others at a carnival.
Oh, that's where she belongs.
In Alborol, Maine recently.
Oh, that's a good place for her.
Maybe she's doing appearances there.
After losing 71 pounds on the Jenny Craig diet.
And because Jenny had cookie dough.
Peta genie.
After losing 71 pounds on the Jenny Craig diet.
Cursty's been spotted picking out in recent months.
Oh, no.
And once you took her to children of the kitty carnival near her summer home, food was her main attraction.
She is a sauer and a cow.
Cursty and the kids love the petting zoo, but then she got a look at the baked goods.
And I witnessed all the inquiry.
And I saw her.
Shorter the piece of pecan pie for each of them and practically inhaled hers.
Next stop was the popcorn wagon.
Cursty ordered bags of butter popcorn for all three of them and then went back for more.
You know, before I go on with this, I was just thinking if they went ahead a little bit of ingenuity,
I could have worked yesterday and then you could have worked today.
Yeah.
You could have like switched off.
No, but then how would they have fit all that great programming in?
That's what I'm saying instead of that crack for Fries, we could have given the audience a four hour break from that garbage from that swill.
Oh, in fact, we only had two and a half hours yet anyway because the Marlin pregame was at 12.30.
I could have done that.
I would have certainly swapped two and a half hours yesterday so you could do four hours today.
Oh yeah, I know about deal.
Yeah, but I gave you the day off.
I know I like it.
It was great.
Was it?
Yes.
What about you Josh, you have the day off?
Yes I did.
I say let's do an instant replay and then I do it.
I agree.
Oh no.
That was just garbage man.
I say we have to replay.
I can't only imagine.
I mean, how much is there to say about the same thing over and over and over again?
What kind of crazy people are we working for?
Like that.
Insane.
The next stop was the popcorn wagon.
Christie ordered bags of buttered popcorn for all three of her children.
Then went back for mole.
Or she went back for mole.
I wonder how much he ate.
As she ordered a second bag for herself, her mood turned ugly.
Kirstie got really snooty with the popcorn man.
She's snipped.
And don't be stingy with the salt.
This popcorn is really, really bland.
She wolfed down the second bag and that's when all the hell broke loose.
In the midst of her eating bin, Kirstie had somehow lost her sunglasses and car keys.
Before long, carnival staffers and complete strangers were done on the grass looking for things.
She was really annoyed.
The kicker was that when somebody finally found her keys and sunglasses on the table,
Kirstie grabbed them and then huffed and ran off without a word.
Talk about ungrateful.
Talk about ungrateful bitch, so her slut.
We can't stand you, Kirstie.
And by the way, she's a Scientologist.
I've just mentioned that in the past.
Hey, Kirstie.
You got few more.
And not only that.
You found one.
Did you see Castro on there?
They just had a clip made.
They look bad.
Castro, still.
Wow.
Now, wouldn't it be something if what tells her name and one from the furniture, the sofa?
It was a dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty cat.
Wouldn't it be something else?
That's right.
She's out with IMSOL, the time.
I don't watch him.
Even I can't handle that no more.
But when I think on the day that she croaks in a beer, I says Castro dies.
And then they're going to be out there dancing in the street.
Don't get your tan, you egg.
So many times with these premature evaluations, okay?
Wait until, you know, they pluck his beard out one hair at a time and then you'll know.
Kirstie, alley, my ass.
God, she's disgusting.
I wonder why she's in the Scientology.
Hey.
Think so?
Speaking of oops, US world planes mistakenly strafe Canadian troops fighting Taliban forces
in South of the South of Afghanistan killing one soldier and seriously wounding five yesterday
and an operation that NATO claims is also left 200 insurgents dead.
They mistakenly killed a Canadian soldier.
Oops.
Sorry.
Sorry, mister.
My bad.
Yeah.
Mondays death took to five the number of Canadian soldiers killed since an anti-tallaban campaign.
I thought we were all done with the Taliban.
Remember those days?
Yeah.
We had that big war with Afghanistan and everything was strong.
We put that to Karzai and everything was great.
Which reminds me of somewhere in this problem, I got to think about the poppy crop in Afghanistan.
It's a crop of crap is what it is.
It's a crop, right?
Poppy, like Rick Weber used to say poppycock.
Remember that?
I do.
I thought it was over here somewhere.
Actually, if that didn't have so many carbs, I love that stuff.
Oh, and speaking of crap, speaking of people who are ballooned up, this is great.
And you know what?
Here it is.
It's almost noon already.
You have reminded me about the big news of the day, the big, the big, the big, the
good, Simmons was that?
Guess who makes your debut tonight on the CBS evening news?
Oh, Katie.
And we got a story here from the Louisville Kentucky Courier Journal.
It was just an eyelash past women's equality day.
I was served and I used that verbally and generously every year, August 26th, to mark the passage
of women's suffrage in the US when reality caught up with Katie Kirk, writes Pam Platt.
It is not enough that she's going to be the solo anchor of the CBS evening news starting
tonight.
A much valid hood broadcast first for a woman.
Yes, this network TV has been around for 60 years and this is sadly and depressingly
still a first.
It isn't enough that she's going to be paid a reported $15 million a year to be the brand
name trademark standard bear, quarterback and managing editor of regrouping that news
shop.
It isn't enough that she was at least co-captored in the top rated network morning news entertainment
program for more than a decade, performing a long time on air hatchery.
Then included questioning presidents and other world leaders, having her coat in the
exam and live it in color, flying like Peter Pan and bringing the grief of Columbine families
to a nation without her sporting their pain.
Oh, this is a suck up.
It isn't enough that she lost a husband and sister to cancer and that she's a single
parent of two daughters that she never stumbled on step in her public life while she faced
those challenges at home.
Not all of that is enough because someone in the press department of CBS ink took a page
from the old playbook of Wallace Simpson and through a smart, powerful, attractive, rich,
achieving career woman and mother could stand to be thinner, thought.
So someone at Katie Courts own network that a Photoshop nip and touch job on one of her
pictures.
They made the news anchor look more like the floor presenter model on Let's Make a Deal.
A lovely woman that model was and is, but Katie Courts is bringing up us news, not what's
behind door number one.
And the truth is, she's almost 50 years old.
This worked long and hard to get where she is.
By the way, Van a white 86.
And it's had a couple of kids along the way and looks just great without the computer
touch up says Pam who I think's got the hot for Katie.
The anchor publicly tossed off the fake makeover with a good nature to one liner and bully
for her.
But the reduction of Katie Courts makes me crazy.
It says, and if it does make you crazy too and at least give you a pause.
See there was my pause.
Oh, I get it.
And she goes on to say, I will watch Katie Courts debut through the night because I want
to see history because I want to see if I like her program period.
Oh, she's going to have all these special guests on this wing.
She's going to have Bill Clinton and she's going to have Rush Limbaugh and she's going
to have all of them booked one and all these other.
And of course, what does that have to do with doing the news?
So is this going to be, is this going to really be a news show?
Is there going to be another entertainment show?
Why?
Disguised is a news show.
They don't have news on the networks anymore anyway.
So I was sorry, who now wants to see that anyway.
Plus after they listen to this show, what do they need to find out?
They'll find out whatever's going on the world right here on this show, right?
Right.
Just sit on your ass.
I bet you we got we do a thousand and fourteen votes.
How do you like that?
One more.
One more.
Thousand and sixteen votes and it's only 1142.
So like I said, I was only going to do two and a half hours yesterday.
So just pretend that you worked yesterday.
I was as I, how do you do?
What?
I'll pretend that I worked yesterday so that you could work tomorrow.
You was worth the only I know I'm passed the break.
You was worth the only target of Mel's meltdown, right.
Robyn Mizrahi and Alan Smith in the acquirer.
In fact, just hours before his DUI arrest the Oscar winner went off on another ethnic group
that Turks.
How do you like that?
He got involved in a heated political discussion with a group of Americans while dining at
To Verna Tony in Malibu, July 27th.
It's a very casual place you can walk around the restaurant, dance area and terrace, mingling
with guests or Hollywood and cider.
We saw the 50-year-old slime ball at the restaurant, almost said, you know what?
He started talking to a group of Armenians in the discussion turned deadly serious.
Mal had a shot of tequila and you could hear the intensity of his voice as he told Americans
how much he admired and respected their ethnicity.
At one point, Mell Slurred, you guys were the first Christians and what did that mean
for you?
Your people were slaughtered by those bastard Turkish broods.
The more he talked, the more worked up Mell became said the insider.
He was very passionate and wasn't a conversation about world history.
It almost seemed like he was looking for a fight.
How do you like that?
Mell gives him.
Wouldn't Hermann Gring be proud?
Erdyschert, and George Bush.
The biggest name, so best talent, is Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560 from A.M.
Want a lollipop little boy?
Sir, do you have any liquids?
I'm not telling.
No, you must be jealous.
Oh, does that make me a fella?
No need for yelling.
Let me get my supervisor, Ellen.
Sir, are you jealous?
Or your question is going to be nice.
Let's see what the dogs are smelling.
You are so jealous.
Oh, you caught me, your infant Ellen.
Let's go and get him, oh, you'll be dwelling.
I'm telling you.
Logan 49, it's Logan B. 4 newt at 560 WQM, your sports mania station, man.
We're a bunch of crazy people.
It's first down to balls on the two yard line.
It was an excellent programming idea.
Let's replay that whole game again, okay?
Let's hear those three rushing yards.
What are the Russians have to do with this?
What kind of crap is that?
One of the worst pieces of garbage.
That's his place, man.
And then your buddy, Joe Belly, was in there this morning.
He talks a good game.
He puts on a good defraunt.
He's got the pom-poms.
He's got the pom-poms.
He's got to be in that movie, but I'm a cheerleader.
Oh, paper, I'm just going to lash you to paper, came through there.
Another good.
Look at that.
Just enough.
Pulls open around South Florida this morning with no significant problems and mixed predictions
about how many voters would cast ballots and races ranging from 30 people voting today
from gubernatorial primaries to county commission and school board seats.
That was that talent.
Has he not seen that the one where he says why do you think they call it guber anyway?
That's the one.
Oh, let's come in right up.
Board election supervisor, Dr. Brenda Snipes, predicts 18 to 21% of registered voters will cast ballots today,
while Palm Beach County's Arthur Anderson anticipates a turn up of about 25%.
How do you like that?
You idiots in Broward.
Palm Beach has got your beat by like maybe a few percent and both numbers still suck.
So far it's on the slow side, Anderson said outside Christ fellowship churches at Christ fellowship church in Palm Beach Gardens.
That was his second stop of the day after voting himself at 7 a.m. with the Ibus County Club.
Have you ever seen Ibus?
Yeah, I haven't.
Wait for a short, two it sucks.
Oh, wrong guy.
Wrong Ibus.
No cam, I've seen Ibus's.
Mm-hmm.
They're big white birds with a long beat.
They are.
No cam, oh, and they're like a cleaver speaking of, you know, I would leave it to the 50s in the US.
If they were doing leave it to be first of all, that wouldn't be the name of the show.
No.
You have to be leave it to only in the 50s in the US where people might even if they could have gotten away with a character named Beaver Cleaver.
Mm-hmm.
Leave it to beaver my ass.
No campaign workers were visible and either of his first to stop to know about 50, 15 people had voted at the two locations
by the time he moved on to the Hearst Chapel Church in Riviera Beach.
Early voting also resulted in a lower response.
He said with only 10 to 11,000 casting ballots in the two weeks stretcher is that stench that ended Sunday.
He also said that only 23,000 people requested absentee ballots for the primary.
A significant drop from the 2004 general election won 100,000 absentee ballots were set out in the 80,000 in return.
How do you like that, man?
People just don't give a crap or else maybe everybody bailed out of that mosquito infested toilet.
I'm surprised not more people are voting said Robert Klein of Booker Retone.
Well Bob Klein, he was on a Carlton show last non-obography.
It took him five minutes to vote at the Booker Retone Community Center or most voting machines sat idle.
He said registered voters have to do with several factors.
I think people are overwhelmed by the war, the economy and gas prices.
They should put that behind and concentrate in the future.
They have an opportunity to shape what happens in November he said and a partridge in a pair of three.
Mary Kuhny, an election's office official said only two precincts didn't open on time,
both of them because the Polklerk didn't show up on time.
The clerk of the polling location has the voter roll as well as the electronic devices needed to start the machines and of course breakfast too.
They got the honey rolls, honey.
Oh, I'll say.
The smoothness of Browards opening contrasted with four years ago when then supervisor Miriam Ellethman had massive problems in the primary.
I will say not too many of you are voting today.
It's primary day. Don't you like what of course our audience saying kind of voting in the Republican primary?
Because we only got how many Republicans?
Don't forget we want you to vote for Charlie Christ because he'll be the first gay Republican, a gay governor of Florida.
Maybe we can drag him as that's out of the closet too.
Maybe he can get up on his tippy toes and give John a big kiss on the lips.
And if he swell, that'd be something.
142 votes we may go for 1200 day before this damn thing is before we're done.
This story ought to piss off a lot of people.
GOP Congress blocked Clinton push for anti terror legislation.
Did you see this? Did you read it?
No, I didn't. It's on our website.
He just didn't read it.
Why in the dog? No.
Senator Orrin Hatch, Republican of Utah chairman of the Senate Judiciary, can we emerge from the median said?
This is July 30th, 1996, a quote from CNN.
These are very controversial provisions that the Clinton White House wants some they're not going to get.
Hatch also said he had some problems with the president's proposals to expand wiretapping.
That was the 30th of July, 96.
So Bill Clinton rather than just breaking laws, Bush did, decided to go to the Republican Congress in 96, asked him for increased authority to do even more eavesdropping or to stop the terrorist, stop 9-11.
Senior Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, one of the GOP's top picks for the Supreme Court and a GOP committee chair objected.
The Republican stopped Bill Clinton from getting all the tools he needed to stop the next 9-11.
Well, no, actually they opposed giving President Clinton all the tools he needed to stop the actual 9-11.
Could 9-11 have been stopped at the GOP had given President Clinton the tools he requested to stop Osama and Mohammed Ahtaf from killing 3,000 people in New York, Pennsylvania and Washington.
Maybe we need to ask the Republicans up for reelection while they wanted to appease the terrorists.
And more of the quote, President Clinton was Congress too, Zeta Wack swiftly in developing anti-terrorism legislation before it's obvious recess.
We need to keep this company together right now.
We need to focus on this terrorism issue, Clinton said during Ola House news conference, this again in July of 96.
But while the President pushed for a quick legislation, Republican lawmakers hardened their stance against some of the proposed anti-terrorism measures.
There's even an audio clip, in fact if you go back to the on our website, you go back to the original story and you can click on the link and listen to it.
An audio clip of President Clinton practically begging the Republicans to give him the tools he needed to stop Osama and the terrorists.
Trent Lott said no or in Hatchett, no, these men really deserve to run the Congress during the time of war.
And Ashett of course the answer that is.
Oh, of course not.
But then again, what does that got to do with that ballgame last night?
And those three rushing yards, huh?
We did do this.
We did.
Talk about it and cross it out.
I don't know, you're just having too much fun.
That must be it.
And of course we didn't have that one really good call.
When I could.
I don't want to overdo it with these calls because I knew you handled all the good ones and he's the worst of the week.
What?
And they've been great?
They've been spectacular.
They've been something.
You can't say the word.
You don't believe.
Or even Sue can't say it.
The biggest name.
So that's how it is in the news.
That's a pretty good word for that.
For 20560.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Adam Miller of Utica, New York, was showing off his new sports card to his girlfriend, Cindy McGillen.
Cindy was thrilled at the speed of the new car.
Adam said, if I do a hundred, will you take your clothes off?
Sure.
Said Cindy.
Well, as Adam got it up to a hundred, sure enough Cindy peeled off all her clothes.
Unable to keep his eyes on the road, Adam skidded off the road and flipped the car over.
The naked girl was thrown clear.
But Adam was jamby, neithistering wheel.
Going at help he pleaded, but I can't say it, Cindy.
I make it in my clothes.
Are gone.
Take my shoe.
Said Adam and cover yourself.
Holding the shoe over her.
Intimidaria.
Cindy ran down the road and found a service station.
Still holding the shoe between her legs.
She pleaded to the service station.
Propryator, please help me.
My boyfriend, Adam, is stuck.
The proprietor looked at the shoe and said there's nothing I can do.
He's in too far.
Paul Harvey.
Good day, babe.
Okay, it's noon.
noon, little hand is on the big hand here.
QM, we got mad dog at two.
The power hour with the Humper and the Thumper and mad dog.
Four to five.
Hanks in Vegas, so he'll be like, you know, you know, difficult that is when you don't have the two people in the same room.
Huh?
Hanks in Vegas from five to six thirty solo following the power hour and the together we take a shower.
Marlon Zadek at six thirty, one of the most incredible.
I keep watching those scorers every day and it's just amazing to me.
That's right.
They just keep winning and winning.
What's the, what do they want?
Like about twenty out of twenty three or something like that?
What did you hear the history that they made?
What's that?
They're the first teams.
They're over five hundred, by the way.
That's right. They're the first teams since 1899 to be twenty games below and reach five hundred.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
They're a game over five hundred, I believe.
Yes, you're right.
And they're playing the layman's, you know what's going to be a big series this weekend when the Phillies come to town?
Thursday, Friday, a four game series Saturday and said that, that's big.
Because I'm the Phillies like a game and a half ahead and I think Santa Ego too.
Yes. In the wild card race.
Yep. So they're, huh?
Yeah, they're the only two ahead of them.
Now, I mean, the Reds are even under five hundred now.
They fall off the map.
They choked. They gagged.
It's the ghost of March shot coming back to hunt them again.
Because they got too many dark guys on the team.
If you don't like it.
So the Marlon's in the diamond back.
We got the pre-game at six thirty.
Game at seven oh five with the coma inducing Dave Van Boring.
And then 80K follows the baseball game.
That's the lineup, baby.
That's the new setting.
QM lineup, which I'm sure there's a big simous going on the buzz all around the water cooler is all over town is.
Do you hear that stupid thing they did yesterday in the ball game?
Yeah, in the football game.
When you think people are talking about that, I'll do it.
Where was the near Roger show yesterday on QM?
The only one that's got like that big audience, the big numbers.
Oh, we want that.
It's a holiday.
Listen, my class send me the email.
He said, would you object if I gave George and Josh today?
What am I going to say?
Oh, yeah, make them work.
Huh?
You're going to bastard like me.
He's going to, you know, he phrased it in such a way.
Maybe an opera couldn't refuse.
You know, I mean, I would have had to say I'm offered a Kenny Walker in the morning because Kenny's allowing him to burden down to show it all his sports segments.
They're going to water down the numbers.
Nero casting clearance.
It's all you know, baby.
Nero casting.
Nero as a witches.
Right.
That's right.
I believe a witch.
That witch.
Here's an article from Capitol Hill, Blue.
Don't be picking on dead people.
That's bad.
Cryy.
And I got news for it.
I don't think that was Nero either.
But it never looked sad.
I don't want to think about it.
Oh, right in the middle of lunch.
Oh, God.
Are you sick?
What does Sue think about that from our new fishing show?
Now, such a, something a text message during one of the breaks.
Yes.
That we, meaning all of us, he, you and I worked with her.
And she was doing news over at IOD.
But that was.
We work with Sue Cocking.
That wasn't the name she was using.
So now we have to figure out who it was.
She was using a different nom to air.
It was a boy named Sue.
We worked with a few of those.
Remember the Jennifer Remmel female news department?
I was a little, maybe was a little Brian Andrews.
You think?
Oh, I forgot about that.
Yeah.
She's a blonde if that helps you.
We're not talking about women.
She's blind-hauled to she about 80.
I guess maybe 45.
I guess 45.
Yeah, something like that.
Well, that's nice, but you know,
that gives us a little bit of a clue, but we work with so many ladies at IOD,
even some of whom were like real ladies.
And then like I said, there was Brian Andrews.
Jackpot.
Has Bush gone over the edge?
Capital Hill Blue, your favorite website, at least it used to be before they...
I'm talking to that.
That is, first it's Dan Rather with CBS, which is on a much larger scale, obviously.
And then Doug Thompson, it's Capital Hill Blue.
And these people just disappear, you know?
That's what's going on now.
An increasing number of Republicans ranging from former conservative Congressman Joe Scarborough,
the former president of George Herbert Walker Bush, worry that President George W. Bush
is tainy-wiss-hold-on-reality, is slipping away, and the leader of the free world
may be sliding it away full-fledged, mental breakdown.
Scarborough, sounded the morning recently, made a devoted nepotod of his MSNBC talk show
of the topic, is Bush an idiot.
No, yes, absolutely.
Scarborough sounded the morning recently, made a devoted nepotod to the topic
is Bush an idiot, other public reports say Bush's own father is worried about his son's mental state.
Psychiatrist observed Bush during his presidency, and they share this concern.
Right, Jeffrey Steinberg, an executive intelligence review, the word is circulating in a high-level Republican party circles
that former president George Herbert Walker, Bush Bush won, is profoundly worried
about the mental state of his son, the current president.
According to sources, Bush 41 has been communicating with his own intimate circle, including former
national security adviser Brent Skokrop, and former secretary of state James Baker the Turd,
along with former president Bill Clinton, about W. is over the top support for Israel's current
self-destructive assault on Lebanon.
The ex-president reportedly is conveyed to his close associates that he fears that W. isn't a Messianic state
and is unreachable.
Let me say it again, unreachable, even by such close advisement as the secretary of state,
Condom, please, a rice.
Inside magazine, the online publication of the Washington Times, butterist account, reporting in early August that for the first time,
a rift is developed between rice and Bush over the president's one-sided support for Israel in the ongoing Israeli defense forces invasion of
Lesbian on.
Bush family insiders say the former president's concern over a son's mental state was a primary reason,
while the president made a rare appearance at the family home of Connecticut during August.
Bush rarely visits his father.
In fact, NBC News anchor Brian Williams recently reported that former president Clinton, who defeated the older Bush after one term,
visits his former rival more often than the W.
White House states, points to the president's increasingly bizarre behavior,
and in prompt massage of a foreign leader at the recent G.A. conference, his pension for farting in front of new West Wing AIDS,
we didn't know about that.
No.
His pension for farting in front of new West Wing AIDS, boy, I've actually joystably pealed about that.
And his, Tom Molyjack, yeah, and his ram, and what that guy, I see that over and over again, what's his name again?
Ross, Rossi Ross.
Rosie Ross.
The old guy that plays at the mountain top in or whatever it is, green top in.
Oh, that Ross.
His name is Rosie Ross.
His pension for farting in front of the new West Wing AIDS, and his, I wonder what two things about that?
And his rambling often inquiring answers to reporters questions.
Don't miss the fishing show on Saturday right after the golf show and the ping pong show.
John Dean, the White House Council will help bring down another deranged president Richard and Nixon shares the concern.
In his book Conservatives Without Conscience, Dean calls Republican-controlled Washington a bullying, manipulative, prejudiced leadership,
18th generation toward a dark era.
We have returned to the imperial presidency that existed in the Nixon era, Dean says.
We have an unchecked presidency.
Are we on the road to fascism?
Yes, clearly we're not on that road yet, but it would not take much more mascot and authoritarian leadership or thoughtless following of such leaders to find ourselves there.
I'm not sure which is more frightening he adds.
Another major attack or the response of authoritarian conservatives to that attack.
Dr. Justin Frank, the prominent George Washington University Psychiatryist who wrote Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president said Bush's lost touch with reality.
With every passing week, Bush marches deeper and deeper into a world of his own making.
Central to Bush's world is an iron will which demands that external reality be changed to conform to his personal view of how things are and a lot of farting.
As far as Bush is concerned, and then you wonder why he was eating with his mouth open air at the G8?
No, I don't know.
He's acting like some kind of a goofball.
Exactly.
Goofball is the word.
Some kind of a home spun down home goofball from entry.
As far as Bush is concerned, he is telling the truth.
As Madeleine Albright recently said to Columbia Magazine, the most serious problem is that George Bush now believes what he says.
Like many of my hospitalized patients, Bush has created a vast detailed but vague delusional system he feels compelled to maintain it all crossed.
This system helps him manage the terrifying anxiety that threatens to make his already endangered inner world more chaotic.
Psychoanalytic theory suggests that Bush's true enemy is an aspect of himself.
The overwhelming anxiety he works so hard to manage.
For Bush, lying remains a central defense mechanism in managing his fears.
He lies foremost to himself altering his perception of external or internal reality to fulfill his psychic need to maintain order.
His anxiety is so great he can't shift or is thinking to account for new information, especially the fact that patriotic families and patriotic soldiers demand that he speak with them.
Taking responsibility has always been hard for W.A.
and taking responsibility for inflicting harm on others a major step in development of maturity is a step President Bush has yet to make.
Instead, he persists in lying to himself, surrounding himself with people who agree with him and now he's not safe even inside his own closed circle.
Dr. Frank has studied Bush's actions and personality extensively and believes the President needs extensive analization and help.
He needs to be analized.
It's not too late for Bush to have the second half of his medical checkup, psychological testing, Frank says.
After his recent press conference, which he kept talking about finishing the job while attacking Democrats for wanting an exit strategy,
Bush showed even more telltale signs of a particular kind of mental disturbance, which medical professionals call, thought disorder.
Writing in the Huffington Post, Dr. Frank continues,
I had always felt that his inability to respond to questions as seen as he was the response to 9-11 in Katrina and Israel's bombing of Lebanon was because he suffered from something called,
Effective Flooding, Olock in Katrina.
We're overwhelming anxiety, paralyzes any ability to think we've been functioned, such a response is similar to denial but writ large.
It reminds me of the look on his face when he was sitting there reading that the book to the kids might pet goat.
Those who observed the President at such moments, thanks to Smuggle Film Groups and his historic April 2000 for press conference when he was asked to be made any mistakes as President
see that he starts rapid blinking movements before his eyes glaze over and because almost fixed in a blank, mindless state stare.
This massive disconnection from inner self in the outer world is called splitting rhymes with farting.
But a recent press conference, August 21, 2006, showed that when he is in control, he is not flooded in this way.
Rather, his splitting takes the form of hatred of reality.
I use the term hatred purposefully when he was pushed by a few increasingly frustrated reporters, he behaves like the untreated alcoholic he is, similarly dismissing material reality.
When offered a chance to rethink the Iraq war, he becomes an upstrepperist using sarcasm to both mask and expressions in term of rage of being challenged.
When back in control, he patronizes members of what he calls the Democrat Party saying that they are good people and they do not question their patriotism.
In control, he is a poor man, Cicero, saying what he is not going to say anyway, reading between the lines he calls his critics quitters.
All of this behavior is in the service of defending himself against reality, something he actively hates.
At times, his attempts to ward off reality make him appear stupid.
He is not. Rather, in term of external realities, are too threatening for him to face.
When asked whether he had been surprised or frustrated by all the bad news from Baghdad, he didn't even understand the question.
This is because the very act of facing such questions threatens to destroy his tenaciously held preconceptions.
Thus, he cannot risk.
He employs various coping mechanisms to attack such questions in any way he can.
Instead of acknowledging personal frustration, he said the war must be frustrating for the national psyche.
But his hatred of reality required a more violent approach than after his conference he sent more of those poor Marines back into a world of horror.
His ability to dismiss reality is profound, more than the simple method used by his mother Barbara, who said he wasn't going to watch the TV news during the war because
watching body bags would spoil her beautiful mind.
No, he has a rugged inner strength, unless confronted by surprise, that enables him to dismiss and destroy personal perception.
His mental pulse needs to be taken, not just as physical one.
I think that what prevents his doctors from doing so is the fear of what they would find.
Without such an examination, where left with no medical term to describe his mental functioning, his private global war on terror, which extends to attacks on his own capacity to perceive reality,
I've not examined the present, so it's not proper for me to offer a diagnosis.
However, my observations lead me to believe that he is psychotic.
That sort says Dr. Frank.
Not related to Varney Fag of Frank.
How many votes we got on that poll today? The biggest problem in the world is, 1883. How much George W. Bush?
You see how long I waited before we added that?
Did you do that on purpose?
What? Yeah, because we want to give the rest of my head to the store.
All right, he'll still win.
You think? Yeah.
What we got for religions got 427.
Put it on there now. Please.
Or something like which boss? Put it on there now. Please.
From 13 to 560 W. Kim, we've got the Marlon Tailgate Party starting at about a half an hour. It's going to be great.
It's going to go on and on and on.
We're going to analyze every picture the last 25 games.
The ones that were high and outside, the ones that were low but inside, the ones that were like a wild picture or whatever.
Let me tell you right now about your feet, man.
Feet are one of the most important parts of your body. Did you know that?
Okay. Sure.
It's true.
Because everything starts a good, a good, a drain from the brain to the heart through the perfect and then right down to your feet.
Brandies is the place to take those to disease because it's unbeatable, man. That's why they've been around so long.
Brandies is got all the major brands. They got Floreshawme, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Husspuff, these new balance, all the other big name brands in sizes for men and women that every size they've ever been invented.
And they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes.
And when it comes to personal service, man, they really take good care of you to make sure you have a perfect fit every time at an unbeatable price.
Josie Ergut buddy, Arnie of Brandies, he'll make Dan Sureer. You get the right fitting shoes for your feet.
You'll find Brandies at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copies on the east side.
Can't miss it. Brandies open every day for your shopping and dancing pleasure Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5.
You know a lot of dancing going on lately?
Good.
Mostly like tap dancing.
And this week again is a great time to buy theories.
What is it? It's scary when you think about buying theories.
But this week is the time to buy with Brandies because American originals are on sale for only 4590.
Save up to 20 bucks on all of their men's and women's styles too.
Forget your fat ass into Brandies this week or do your shoe shopping right online at brandies shoes dot com.
The biggest name of best talent like this is Leo Rogers for radio 560.
We're looking at 10 inches.
Roll out the barrel. Expensive barrel of oil.
Pay for the barrel and it will make your blood boil.
Fight me you aeros and then it's way too.
Now the time you put the barrel up a certain part of you.
Let's go.
Let's go.
How about them?
How about them?
Hurricanes maybe?
Alright.
See now we see more embarrassing than they already was.
Twenty four hour build up.
Oh this is going to be the greatest thing since sliced halibut.
Maybe it's going to be fabulous.
It's going to be incredible.
And it's a piece of dirt.
And then they lose on top of that.
So the dreaded Bobby Bowden.
And the I didn't see on the side when I saw Bobby Bowden.
Yeah.
One of his huh?
Yeah.
And he looked the same as always.
One thing about him.
He's the same old redneck man.
He just makes me ill.
And at Larry Coker how old is he about 90?
Am I right Josh?
He's a old man.
No, he's just a son.
I mean you know they're all old men but he's...
What do you mean by that?
If Bobby Bowden's like twice his age.
So he's 180.
Yeah.
And Larry Coker is 90.
That's amazing.
I might have to be so old to be a coach.
Blue horse is 175.
President speaking of a roll out the barrel.
Thank you very much Mr. President for those very very
accommodating gas prices.
Man oh man they really make life sweet for those people who have to drive.
That's one good thing here man.
I got no car.
It got no car.
I don't have to drive.
Can you imagine?
I'm thinking about it.
Go to a gas station here and say take me to your leader.
Seriously no.
How many leaders do I get on for?
Are you asking me metric questions?
Come on let's get with it.
You idiot.
You're supposed to be the genius on this.
You're on the fat old faggot.
You're supposed to be the guy.
I don't do math and I sure as old I do.
I'm not sure he's a bird man.
But what's that guy to do with it?
You didn't want to do the conversion?
Don't have to learn it.
Don't want to learn.
Hell man would use if you don't do conversion.
If you don't accept Jesus as your savior I'll start dovetting them.
That's the wrong one.
So whatever it is it's about four I think four leaders to again.
About four.
At one point it was like a buck a leader here.
So that's four bucks a gallon.
3.7 eight five four one eighty.
Oh three point seven.
So let's see.
So let's say well it would be three seventy a gallon.
See what I'm saying?
Although I do get good mileage in my vets.
People think that Corvette is a gas guy.
I was like guess what?
I'm going to give me that sixty eight stingray.
And I'm going to pull off the sting of the stinger.
I'm going to stick it right in my heart.
See that was the problem you told me huh?
That's the sewer one.
I mean Steve Irwin?
Yeah Steve.
Is that the the stinger?
Well the thing was buried out of the sand.
He didn't know what.
And as a result he laid on it and zapped that thing right into his heart.
It's a barbed serrated stinger.
He should have auto left it in there probably.
Yeah he shouldn't have pulled it out.
And then of course once he did it left a hole in his heart.
Assuming he hit the heart.
Had a heart.
Anybody would dangle their kid.
That's even worse than what Michael Jackson was dangling his kid over the balcony
or whoever's kid that really is.
I mean in Germany remember that?
It's his he paid for it.
It's his.
Yeah right.
He owns it.
President Bush Mark Labor Day yesterday by promising to help keep US workers competitive
in global markets and reduce US reliance on foreign oil.
So it doesn't show US economic expansion.
The penance on foreign oil jeopardizes our capacity to grow.
He said in the speech focused on the US economy.
Democrats content the middle class isn't enjoying the benefits of region US economic gains.
And they certainly didn't get those big fat tax cuts for the rich.
That he's obsessed with the giving all his buddies his base.
They say sluggish media learning show paychecks have failed to keep pace with inflation.
And they know rising health through an energy cost.
Average prices at the gas pump have eased over the past month for more than three bucks a gallon for unlettered regular gas to only 279
What a bargoon man.
That's given Americans some relief.
A bush ward against continued.
Here's the best part.
He warned against continued reliance on oil producing countries where the US is unpopular.
Here you know this is this is one of the greatest lines in history.
The problem is we get oil from some parts of the world and they simply don't like us.
They hate us for a freedom.
Like Saudi Arabia for example.
I thought those were his best buddies.
They don't come no dollar than Prince of Dullab.
And so the more dependent we are on that type of energy since the less likely it will be we'll be able to compete.
And so people can have good high paying jobs.
Poor city is working to advance technology so batteries can power out of the bills.
Oh give me a break.
Okay stop the BS baby.
Stop the baloney.
Even ask your Meyer never smells so much baloney.
Okay alternative energy my ass.
I can generate a lot of energy.
Yeah yeah yeah well he's farting a lot.
I can't imagine why.
Can you imagine?
Oh yeah I imagine.
All the blood on his hands and all the destruction devastation and he's personally responsible for how much farting he's doing.
A lot of people when they get nervous they fart a lot.
I don't understand that really.
Sure.
Is that true?
Your kishki start twisting when you're nervous.
Is that what it is?
Sure.
Sure could go for a nice play to kishki.
Right now.
Yeah.
Nice gravy on it.
Oh for me.
Steve Conner writes in the independent UK and leave it to the Brits.
Leave it to the Staggy stuffy Brits at least at least some of their media writes the truth.
You won't get the truth on your network news even if Katie Kirk is on it.
That bitch.
Ask me if I'm going to be watching that tonight.
No.
You're going to be watching?
Have you ever seen this?
No I don't watch a lot of network news to be honest with you.
Get out of here.
I don't.
You always watch NBC news.
I always ask you about different things.
Did you see that?
You always say yes.
Make me feel like you're a real little suit of an electric.
That's it.
If I am watching some news I watch NBC.
Right.
I don't have that much.
I thought that his interview with Bush was so weak, so lame in New Orleans.
You know, so lame.
Right.
I mean, they're walking through these devastated butchered neighborhoods man.
Nothing.
All these poor sparsers there, man.
They're just hanging.
In fact, most of them aren't even back there yet because they can't go home.
City is a toilet.
In fact, it was a toilet before Katrina.
Now it's like a sump pump, like a septic tank.
And he's letting them off the hook.
It's just pathetic.
Ice bubbles reveal biggest rise in CO2 in 800,000 years.
But who's keeping track?
Of course, if it's 800,000 years, then that makes all those glamen,
the Jews' liars about the world of 6,000 years old universe.
Air bubbles trapped in ice for hundreds of thousands of years have revealed
that humans are changing the composition of the atmosphere in a manner
that is known, known natural parallel.
I'm going to sit again in a manner that has known, known natural parallel.
Scientists at the British Antarctic Survey, the BAS in Cambridge,
have found there have been eight cycles of atmospheric change in the past 800,000 years
when carbon dioxide and methane are risen to peak levels.
That's probably the methane is caused, butchers farting so much.
Each time the world also experiences relatively,
you're going to start with that Susan crap again or whatever her name is.
Who is she, anyway?
It's like a return to the audience.
I'll set you a picture to see if it rings a bell with you.
You did? How am I supposed to know that?
I just thought of that.
I think I'm checking my email here.
I'm an embezzlement, a very important radio show, I think.
Each time the world also experiences relatively high temperatures associated with warm interglacial periods,
which were almost certainly linked with levels of carbon dioxide and possibly methane in the atmosphere,
quit farting humaniacs, Joyce has the right idea.
However, existing levels of carbon dioxide and methane are far higher than anything seen
during these earlier warm periods, said Eric Wolf of the BAS.
I score a course of the real earth's natural climate rhythm over the last 800,000 years.
When carbon dioxide changed, there was always an accompanying climate change,
he said, over the past 200 years, human activities increased carbon dioxide to well.
Outside the natural range, and we have no analog for what will happen next.
How do you like that?
Absolutely correction.
Oh my god.
I don't want you to panic or anything like that.
Just quit farting, please.
Especially when we're around.
Especially if it's an SD egg fart.
Oh, must be.
You know, especially if you don't change your clothes a lot.
27th pass, no, I have no one thing I know about the Europeans.
My name is Sleepen or Closed.
The biggest name, seven-droned.
The biggest challenge to the fastest wheel roger,
4th radio 560, 2A dam.
Four holes are straight,
they're never happy,
never get laid,
and they're more monolot.
Welcome to another edition of the East Side Life with four holes.
Dray Stan, nasal list is our guest today.
Y'all Dray, yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed?
And where should you and every way
and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told,
but the big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on the over and under and the under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told,
but the big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough
to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots
and they say you're getting close to sign in that contract.
I don't know what I've been told,
but the big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work
for underprivileged children
helping to improve their mathematics skills
through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told,
but the big, naked woman ain't got no thought.
We'll be back with more
insight, lifeless, board hold.
27 to 1 a.m. So I got some bad news for her.
If you emailed me something to either Hot Mail or Yahoo
or any of these things,
I'll follow these things.
Never showed up here.
If you emailed me a picture of Susan Cocking,
yes I did.
During her silk stockings,
well the shovel was docking.
Check my address and try to get her something.
I'm going to check my address and try to get.
What do you mean by that?
I'll make sure I send it to the right person.
Why the hell wouldn't you do that?
Is this like rocket science?
Even I can do that.
Okay.
Darja Mail and Ali Al Fadheely.
What is that?
Right in the Interpreter Service.
US losing control fast.
The US military has lost control over the volatile,
Al Enbar province of Machi Police and residents say.
The area to the West of Bay
that includes Fulugia, Ramadi and other towns
have seen the worst of military occupation
and the strongest resistance.
And a lot of bloodshed.
Despite massive military operations
which destroyed most of Fulugian,
much of cities like Adita and Al Qayim and Ramadi,
real control of the city now seems to be in the hands of
local resistance.
In losing control of this province,
the US would have lost control over much of Iraq.
We're talking about nearly a third of the area of Iraq,
Ahmed Salman, a historian from Fulugia told IPS.
Al Enbar borders Jordan, Syria and Saudi Arabia.
And the resistance there will never stop
as long as there are American soldiers on the ground.
And by the way, speaking of all those other oil producing countries
that are such enemies in the US like Canada,
in Iraq, which now the US occupies,
the resistance seems in control of the province now.
No government official can do anything without contacting the resistance.
First, government officials in Ramadi Abu Ghalib,
that's his name, Fulugia.
Abu Ghalib, I wonder if he's related to...
Even the governor used to take their approval for everything
when he stopped doing so they should have deceptions against him.
And now he cannot move without American protection.
Recent weeks have brought countless attacks on US troops in the
Haleed Therur-Madi Fulugia, and on the Baghdad Amman Highway.
Amman.
About the highway that's related to...
Amman.
...right off the road.
Several armored vehicles have been destroyed,
and dozens of US soldiers killed in the Al-Armbar province,
according to both Iraqi witnesses in the US Department of Defense.
As your president continues to send all these kids over there
to be slaughtered, to be fishing a barrel.
Long stretches of the 550 kilometer Baghdad Amman Highway,
which crosses Al-Armbar, are now controlled by resistance groups,
other parts are targeted by highway looters.
If we import any supplies for the US Army or Iraqi government,
the fighters will take them from us, and they sell them in a local market trader.
Hey, dear Al-Masawi said, and if we import for a local market,
the robbers will take them.
The stuff, the goods, the crap.
I witness in the Rammadi, say many of the attacks are taking place within their city.
They say that the US military recently has citizens in Al-Armbar to stop targeting them,
and promised to withdraw to their bases in Haditha and Hanna-Baya,
near Fulugia soon.
You know where that is?
Havanaia?
No.
Leaving the cities for Iraq's security forces to patrol.
But I don't see.
It's all, you know, that really good news from Iraq,
where things are going so swimmingly well.
Brattleboro Vermont.
Have you ever been there?
Nope.
I think Vermont's our kind of estate, you know?
Yes.
All about it.
What are you doing here?
Brattleboro Vermont.
Oh, and I just now noticed that the margin of this is chopped off again,
boy, once you're hit when that happens, I should.
Well, you don't, because you don't read this stuff.
Right.
Public nudity isn't nudity this bastion of Bohemia,
but it usually bears itself in more subtle places than the downtown parking lot.
Is this that story about those naked teenagers?
Yes.
And it's got a picture of them.
Really?
Yes.
Well, two guys.
Oh, okay.
And the one of them, boy, he makes Karen Carpenter look like Kristie Ali.
Alex McPherson and Chris Corp, relaxed in a parking lot in Brattleboro last month.
They're sitting there on a sidewalk and they're naked as a jabourde.
This summer, a group of teenagers disrobed near restaurants, bookstores,
and the town's many galleries igniting debate about whether Brattleboro should
brand of practice long-tolerated until now.
Brattleboro tends to be a laid back town and pretty accepting of the unusual,
but this is really pushing the limits of police chief John Martin.
It's clearly to outrage people.
It is clearly rebelliousness.
No.
By most accounts, the stripping started on a whim in early summer
when a young woman said naked on a park branch, Martin said,
then another woman started taking her shirt off downtown.
All right.
A music festival promoting nudity and rebelliousness set up in May in a downtown parking lot attracting nude pool of hoopers.
They were swinging it.
Hooper it up, I imagine.
Yeah.
Last month, I wonder if Susan was there.
Last month, I have a dozen young people buried their bodies in a parking lot
and served by the backs of bookstores, coffee shops, and restaurants.
It's just an active freedom said 19-year-old Adi Palar were doing so because we can.
Why are you picking your nose?
Because I can.
Why are you picking your...
Right, don't because I can.
Why is the dog licking himself because he can?
Right?
Right.
Palar said he and the others did not consider nakedness to be an atelosexual or rude
and it shouldn't be confined to that.
Although if you look like these two believe me, it's rude and crude.
All the bare skin has raised some eyebrows even in the town of 12,000 residents
that seem clothing, auctionals, swimming holes, sneakers, and an event known as
breast fest, which featured women parading papalus.
All right.
To those people, it's not a big deal said Catherine Kaufman, 57, who calls Brattleboro...
There's something missing.
Oh, I see.
Who calls Brattleboro a don't take away too many of my rights kind of town.
And everyone's books, that's the name of the store, Cohen or Rich Guy Del, 50, said
the parking lot may not be the most appropriate place for nudity, but as long as people are polite,
don't block the entrance we don't ask them to leave.
To others, it's disturbing and something more than harmless rebellion.
It's a bad image for Brattleboro said,
Ozzy Kokagulu, 43, Kokasumphan, Kohla, who owns the Sundride tomato restaurant
at the far end of the parking lot, which is long as Benatine Hangout.
They're a little fried and they go to get Sundride.
Vermont's not got no state laws against public nudity, but communities can write their own bans,
at least eight cities and towns have anti nudity ordinances, accordingly,
Vermont League of Towns and cities.
So far, Brattleboro has chosen not to join them, but the teenagers in this row may change that.
Officials in the southeast from Montana about 80 miles west of Boston are researching how other communities have responded.
nudity has been used for social protest and revisions for years.
This summer, a nude bicyclist wrote through Burlington, Vermont,
to protest the country's reliance on oil, part of an event known as the World Naked Bike Ride.
PETA, oh, your favorite, your favorite organization in the world.
PETA. Right, that's the one. PETA, people for the ethical treatment of animals,
has often used nudity as a shock tactic to draw attention to the treatment of animals in research in fashion.
The 50,000 American Association for Newed Recreation espouses newed recreation in appropriate places,
but doesn't use nudity for social commentary or a vagueness or an act of civil disobedience in Mary Jane Colasa,
rhymes with what your assa.
In Vermont, voters have shot down nudity bans before, prompted by complaints about nudity and sexual activity as swimming hole.
The woman didn't select board passed in anti-nudity ordinance in 2002,
but supporters of the freedom to skin and deprecate the ban in the public vote.
They let the people vote on it. We said we like naked.
Yeah, there were some other moments in the debate.
You see them in this picture with some name calling and lots of good, healthy debate about reasonable rights and responsible.
The end of those rights said, let me turn to Tumperks, Susie Howout.
Oh, no, not Susie Cocking. Susie Howout. Howout.
A crystal's moisture, how they would have enforced a ban into what extent she said,
for now, Bradlboro's weighing its options and waiting for a summer to turn to fall.
As soon as winter comes, there won't be a story in no mold where she said no mold.
They don't want to freeze their private or sergeants or colonels.
Isn't it great that we got all these retired military people that go on TV,
these talking heads, and that great?
Well, it's good they can fight a job, the B.A.
Isn't it amazing that almost all of them are right when, you know,
soccer incidents, the Adistic coincidences.
Oh, now we see the stingrays, man.
There's one after another. There's John Stanton. He's an Irwin's friend.
Stingray. He has to be on. He's going to be on Larry King tonight.
You're going to miss that?
Yeah, just like I missed that football game last night.
Did we miss that?
How about you, Josh? He was there.
Yes, I was.
And what do you want to say?
No, it was the game really as bad as everything that we were reading about.
Yeah, I saw about, like I said, eight seconds of it.
It was worse for me because I was there and it was raining.
In fact, I saw FSU had like third and 16 and a quarterback dropped back
and had all day the throat of all the fever, like about 20 yards over the receiver's head,
and I turned it off. That's what I saw at the game.
Well, here's a crocodile chasing Sturwin around.
And there he is with that little kid. Oh, they're not going to show him holding that little kid up again
and just teasing the crocodile with it.
I'm going to tell you all you people out there that endanger your little kids
or anybody else who can't protect themselves.
The Lord will strike and smite you and stick something right through your heart.
His name is so far to Alex.
It's his brother.
I'm hoping to enforce radio 560.
Oh, amen.
This is the CDS, anything new?
Green, I'm their mother on Special Assignment Force, CDS, TV News.
Thanks to the Bush administration's bumbling of this Trump-to-Bore
in the Middle East, Muslim violence exploded again today in protest
of the cartoon depicting the prophet Muhammad.
Here in the one-stein cool tune town.
Steve, you keen to death.
Did you feel the feeling of Iran clean at the end of the aircraft?
Brave for the violence, dressed squarely on Hamas-Baba.
And in Pakistan, a forties report three protesters were injured today
when an ambulance fell on their heads.
The situation was compounded by the news from Tehran that Iran was producing its own atom in it.
Reporting live from tune down, Amdan Rada, Shia, Shkivini.
Now that's heat.
The other day, that's all I hope.
From 48 at 560 every three of you are email-still didn't come through.
I don't know where 100's are.
I don't know.
Maybe you're sending it to the same place where Clarence sent the trends on that Friday.
We can go Friday.
We can have faxing stuff to go.
We're probably to an outer space.
Maybe the trends are in Uranus or on Uranus.
1155 votes on the poll.
The biggest problem in the world is religion 447.
What are you sending it to?
Hotmail or...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're hotmail.
It's not coming through.
It's not.
It's probably blocked.
That could be.
I'm pretty sure that there's a thing on our system that says if any pictures of Susan Cocking come through here, they will be blocked.
Religion 447.
Get rid of it.
Get with the real world, okay?
And stop with the hocus, focus on the heebie-jeebies, okay?
Sprinkle that heebie.
That's what Bursaid.
Enough with him heebies.
Ignorance 289.
Greed 94.
Overpopulation 72.
And of course we would be overpopulating if the religionists were like anti-Condom and anti-British control.
And if the Catholics weren't still preaching at our kick, I got rid of the crap.
Yeah, rid of my ass.
Really?
That's what I mean.
We'll be by numbers, baby.
That's what it's all about.
How many babies can you make to support Jesus?
That's it.
Jesus wants you to make a lot of babies.
In tolerance 51, especially if you can't feed them.
Sports talk radio 42, it's two-handed terrorism, which has only got 40.
In fact, I think that sports talk radio is a form of terrorism.
When you, at least a form of torture, I'm terrified.
Although I do like those 24-hour telegate parties a lot.
Let's have another one tomorrow, Thursday.
Ow!
No, we can have it on tomorrow, starting at 10 o'clock tomorrow morning and running 36 hours.
Poverty 38, here 24.
George W. Bush wasn't even on there before he's got 21.
So you said he was going to zoom to the top, not true.
He will.
No.
I hate this poll 15, disease 13, global warming only 10.
They don't care about that.
Even that thing about the carbon dioxide.
They don't care about that.
They do care about the methane, especially what's coming from your president's...
Right.
Right.
How do you like that thing about him farting at the new reporters?
Yeah, I guess he's going to show them who's boss, huh?
I mean, what are you going to say if the president fartes in your face?
You go, oh my god, you know.
Of course, what do you really say if anybody fartes?
I mean, he's a jack.
Take that hot side.
Hey, warn me before you do that.
You're going to say that?
It depends on who it is that cuts it.
What if Joe Bell, who was in there this morning in the studio,
what if he would have farted real bad?
When you said, oh my god, Joe.
Great job, boy, I was a wonderful aroma.
No, you would not.
I'm going to say name it.
You would have just got a shower.
Of course, 10 days I didn't hear anything.
You just sprinkled up your nose like, oh, yeah, that's how you would have gone.
What's that about a barking spider?
Maybe great weed had a farting problem.
Maybe people who lie a lot have a farting problem.
Because he was that's all he ever said, basically.
Idiot.
Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas.
I love saying Mahmoud, man.
I love that as much as that Rakhma Jiddidad.
Yeah.
Rakhman rule high school man with Vince Van Petten.
God, he sure was pretty.
Oh, wait, let me tell you what else.
I'll admit it because he's, I don't know how old he is now.
No, Simon on.
I thought seven heaven was off the year already, but they sure as I'll show it on all my cable channels about 4,000 times.
Last night, you had a choice between either the football game or seven heaven.
I mean, out of 800 channels.
It's not a lot of channels.
Are they showing, I guess they're not reruns because everybody on the show is older, including Simon.
Hey, Simon.
Anyway, Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas confirmed today that a deal had been reached to secure the release of kidnapped idea soldier corporate gillage shall eat.
You know that ugly cable to glasses looks like Robert Gripor on a bad day.
No.
And the big, big, he's got a big, he's got Gellie's beak and the rest of looks like Robert nerd.
Abbas told Bahrain based newspaper, Al Haliz.
I wonder if Michael Jackson's reading that.
He's in Bahrain in me.
That's what I heard.
Anyway, Abbas told the newspaper that Charlie would be transferred to Egypt and held there until Israel fulfilled its part of the bargain.
Earlier, channel two news.
That's not your channel, too.
That's in Israel.
Reported that the kidnappers had promised to release news of the soldiers well-fared by tomorrow.
The announcement came after the Egyptian newspaper Al Hayat reported that she'll eat it already been transferred to Egypt as part of the illicit curious release.
He's in Egypt for help he's safe with the fairy aphoros and the pyramids.
How much did tell me how they built those pyramids, huh?
You know, some of the best two-bed ejection by your HD say like he promised to.
He's got his.
Right.
That's his attitude.
He's got his.
He don't care about you in the mold.
Right.
But you could see like on Discovery and the Joshua of Beer this out.
Some of the most interesting stuff is over easy to best.
He's over easy to best.
It is.
It's just a beautiful man.
And I can't wait until I release.
You notice how they're keep talking about the fact that there were videotaping that show with the store when I mean Steve Irwin.
And they're not showing it.
You know what I'm saying?
It'll be on YouTube in a couple of days.
Yeah.
Well, the police confiscated the tape as evidence to their evidence.
Yeah.
So how do you look that's going to be?
It's going to be a...
They'll sell it on Twitter.
But that's better.
And the tabloids, somebody will have it, somebody will pay the photographer like $20 billion.
And then it'll be all over the internet.
Yeah, you're right.
YouTube.
You will have it.
Excuse me.
Crically.
Yeah, that is Aussies, man.
So, I guess silly.
I guess silly.
Of course, that's the Brit thing, you know.
Of course, the people from India are a little bit silly too.
They're pretty silly.
Especially that whole business where, you know, if the woman's family doesn't have the dowry, they're just killer.
Yes.
That's kind of a fire tour.
Well, they're not all that civilized sometimes.
And of course, that's a Brit thing.
The Brit's uncivilized the whole world, just like George Bush is trying to do right now.
Turned everybody into a bunch of freaking barbarians.
Well, I'll say freaking, because Kenny Walker said the F-word four times this morning.
Did he?
No.
Well, not on the ear.
No, after you were warning them about clearance and how he's trying to destroy their show.
Hey, clearance, you're going to be toast pretty soon, sweetheart.
I think toast has been, he's been chosen to assassinate their clearance in the hallway.
He won the contest.
Well, yeah, it's seen that it won't be a surprise.
Well, the water Nazi is going to, won't be anybody lurking in the hall to see who's done it.
That's a good question.
How do we put the trial on court TV and have Nancy Grace come in?
Yeah, nearly.
Hey, it's 1177, 1173 votes.
The biggest problem in the world is religion 455.
Ignorance 291.
Greed 95.
Wouldn't that be good for radio station?
Greed 95 as opposed to I 95.
I wonder how many people remember I 95?
I remember that.
Fats 30, man.
Keith Isley was a program director who used to sit in his, used to come in work about two in the morning.
And sit there, and I actually come in like around midnight, because I'd be leaving midnight and he would just come in or fist sit there all on in the dark eating a fish eggs.
Strange dude.
Ignorance 294.
Greed I 95.
Overpopulation 73 in tolerance 51.
Sports talk radio 42, terrorism 40.
Poverty 38.
George W. Bush started to move up now 28.
Fear 24.
I hit this full only 15 disease 13 and global warming 11.
I don't know, 11, 179.
Most Americans are angry about something.
Are you angry?
You know it.
It comes to how the country is running.
They are more, by the way, get out there vote today.
It's the primary baby.
All your Republicans get out there and vote for Charlie Christ, so we can have a big governor.
The majority of Americans surveyed in a higher percentage than recorded during the same time last year said things in the West are going badly, bad, as in woe is us.
Remember Howard Beelkeps and woe is us?
Josh was asleep by that part of the movie.
Among this year's respondents 29% said pretty badly and 25% I'm from 15 a month ago answered very badly.
By comparison 37% described the way things are going fairly well.
How many percent?
Well, percent was said very well.
Yeah, only nine said very well.
Of these people 76% said there was something to be angry about in the country today.
By comparison 59% said that way back in February when they took their temperature.
Only 21% said they were generally content in the latest poll.
People are pissed off and fired up baby.
Let's hope they continue that until November two months away.
Too much from today I believe it is.
I meant too much from today.
Okay.
But of course we'll probably have an October surprise, a very early November surprise.
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
The biggest news of the surprise has been...
If you find a bomb door in red frame...
Make that giant pooley disappear...
Make that giant pooley disappear...
Don't worry, God is all over.
One would be here now there.
There is no need to operate.
There is no need to operate.
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're always going up or one...
If you're not careful having sex...
You'll get more than just another with a bomb...
You'll get more than just another with a bomb...
As the clinic doctor foremouths...
As the clinic doctor foremouths...
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
Of the killer man you're done.
And assistant youth football coach was arrested on charges of felony child abuse.
And assistant youth football coach was arrested on charges of felony child abuse.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
After rushing the field and knocking and opposing player to the ground police.
The American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American.
nuclear crashes between the West and Tehran.
He asked why Israel was allowed nuclear weapons while refusing to sign the nuclear non-proliferation
pact did not spare the perpetrators of what he called the Inhumane Terrorist Attacks of
9-11-2001.
I was one of the first officials to condemn this barbaric act.
This inferno would only intensify extremism in one side of this and would have no outcome
except to retarget this as an intellect and sacrifice righteousness in humanity he be
saying.
Adressing 15,000 American Muslims over the weekend, Katami also made a clear assault on
the influence of Israel's political lobby in the U.S.
We are unfortunately witnessing the emergence of policies that seek to confiscate public
opinion in order to exploit all the grandeur of the nation and country of the United States.
Policies that are the outcome of a point of view that despite having no status in the
U.S.
Public Arena as far as numbers are concerned uses the decisive lobby groups and influential
centers to utilize the integrity of America's powers and wealth to promote its own interest
into implant policies outside U.S. borders that have no resemblance to the spirit of Anglo-American
civilization and the aspirations of its founding fathers or its constitution causing crisis
after crisis in our world.
When he spoke of the vast and all-encompassing presence of powers who expressed concern
for the world but implement policies aimed at devouring the world, there was a sense of
shock among the audience.
They hadn't expected such an epic denunciation of U.S.
hadgemony from a divine known for its compassion rather than his anger.
Any popular or democratic change or transformation that is outside the realm of their influence
is not acceptable.
He said for they find it far more convenient to deal with non-nationalistic and non-popular
trends in regimes rather than popular ones who naturally tend to care about the welfare
and the physical interests of their people.
Thus did Mr. Katami dispose of America's cry for democracy in the so-called new Middle
East.
Needless to say, his words were scarcely given a few seconds on America's major news
channels.
Mr. Katami's wisdom is not wanted in Washington.
There's John Stainley again, the sewer one's manager.
I mean, Steve Irwin.
Crytiers and tributes, man.
See, this is the hysterical story.
Do you sure?
We have to have one every day.
You know?
Stainley is laying out at John Van A.
Now that we found out about John Mark Carr is just another fruitcake.
Well, we got to find something.
So the media is probably ecstatic that this system, they probably planted an anything
right there than the cells.
When you think?
Crytie.
They probably took an ampidio.
We got 207 votes on the pool.
I bet you that's on the front page of the hero tomorrow, man.
Let me say it again.
All you spineless clowns who pretend to be journalists.
And I use that term very loosely.
At the Sun Central and the Herald and the Palm Beach Post.
This radio station, over the weekend, they put over one of the worst forces in the history
of broadcasting and using word very loosely.
And not one of you people, at least I didn't see any of the comms.
Maybe I missed something, I don't think so.
Nobody had the co-hones to say, well, what have this graced that was?
You said farce, right?
Farce.
I say farce.
Farce, not farce.
That's George Bush, OK?
Maybe he knows Rosie Ross.
What's his name?
Rosie Ross.
So that's how it's like his trumpet to me.
Let's hear it again.
That's it.
That's Rosie.
It smells Rosie.
You know that bit, restroom smells like roses?
I think it heard all the restroom smells like Rosie.
It was 100 years old.
He's still driving.
I'll tell you one thing, boy.
I wonder if he gets a 60-year-old renewal in the mail, like in Florida.
Well, when I tell people that, they look at me like, ah, like that store, we had to
begin to show about that British guy who was blind, he had no eyes.
He gets a ticket for like driving on the wrong side of the road plus his other informant
is what to say.
No legs, no arms, no eyes, no ass.
But other than that, he was doing a hell of a heck of a good driver.
Definitely.
He sure would be good in sunrise legs, baby.
Get rid of some of those bastards.
1210 WCAU, Philadelphia, man.
Do I know my AM radio or what?
What?
No, seriously, when you lived up north, I told you this a million times when you lived
up north, there was big 50,000 Watt, those cleared, ah, whatever, what do they call them?
Clear Channel.
That had nothing to do with the company.
I had to do with the frequency they run.
The Clear Channel meant that there was no other station allowed on that frequency.
And then there was like between the West Coast and the East Coast rappers.
No, you know what I mean?
In other words, they would like distance them, as it in miles away.
But of course, now, forget about that.
Now, AM radio is like that.
Real garbage.
Although it sounded you just heard though, it was in HD though.
Yeah.
Try to duplicate that across the street, huh?
And HD.
HD, my ass.
Who are all of the eight kids with Lepia's sight?
And I'm hearing so many rumors about those going over there.
And even the Yiddloch.
That Joel Feinberg and Daddy, who's tired of losing all that money.
In fact, the latest rumor I'm hearing is...
The biggest name.
So the best talent for all of you is the EU Roger's.
The EU Radio 560.
The EU Radio 560.
The EU Radio 560.
Win the Table.
Win the Table.
Win the Table.
1 14 5 60 WQM Scraping.
Thank you, Jesus, blended them behind bars.
And not too soon.
Brilliant.
A judge in Hanaluu held a disrupted junior stellar who was in contempt of corpi
because he made the spontaneous hours to join after the jury declared him
an announcement of abusing his son.
Stowers family in their pastor walked in shocked as he was marched off to a cell
aftercia websites patrick border declared.
There will be no more of that.
Susan Arnett, the deputy public defender who represented Stowers in the contempt case,
says, his family and pastor were very upset that those words could land someone in jail.
I don't think there's anything about saying.
Thank you, Jesus, that rises to the level of contemptuous behavior in this case.
Pretty contemptuous to me, isn't it?
Sure.
Still, the judge granted Stowers nonverbal gestures and operas to be disruptive and improper
regardless of content.
Stowers, 47, spend six hours behind bars before the judge granted him hearing on the contempt
charge.
A Mr. Meener that carries the sentence of, you know, how many days in jail?
About three, man.
At the hearing, the judge dropped the contempt charge after hearing that Stowers lawyer
for the child abuse trial had not told him about the judge's order for both sides to
refrain from any shows of emotion when the verdict was read.
Stowers was charged with hitting his 15-year-old son with a broomstick.
He was acquitted after the boy we can't have his testimony.
Probably because daddy threatened to do it again.
In fact, daddy probably threatened to take the broomstick and put it someplace else.
You think?
Possibly.
See, here's a...
This isn't the examiner.
Here's a dog in a wheelchair.
Whitney's marriage is over.
Oh, it's got to be over.
She got a dump on me, Brown, so she can know some of us.
That's right.
As a matter of fact, terrorists, though some of them in London with sort of cis with Whitney
Houston, they thought about having her husband, Bobby Brown, killed so we could marry her
and move into one of his mansions.
How do you like that?
In her blockbuster book, Diary of a Lost Girl, poet and writer, Cola Booth, says the 49-year-old
Elkata mastermind wanted Whitney even though she was an American, a musician black and
married to a rapper.
Ben Laden told me Whitney was the most beautiful woman he's ever seen, Penn's Booth 36,
who claims he held her as a sex slave in 1996.
He said he had a paramount desire for Whitney, and although the claimed music, he claimed
music was evil.
He spoke of someday spending vast amounts of money to go to America to meet the superstar.
All the music versus his evil, especially yours.
He wanted to give Whitney a mansion that he owned in the suburb of Cartoum, Caprice
and the suit and.
Well Cartoum, I'm not going to raise him, but nevertheless.
He explained to me that to possess Whitney, he would be one of the, by the way Alex Rocco
was the name of the guy who was in the George Carlin show.
George Carlin was on biography last night and they showed a couple of clips from his short
live, the band TV show, and there was Alex Rocco on there.
I thought, that's Mou Green.
Yeah.
And you know what I was sure he was Mou Green was when he said,
You know who I am?
I'm Mou Green.
I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders.
But he wanted to give Whitney a mansion that he owned in the suburb of Cartoum, he explained
to me that to possess, kill that bitch.
He explained to me that to possess Whitney, he'd be willing to break his color rule and
make her one of his wives.
She's nasty.
Yeah.
Well I mean she may have looked good like 20 years ago.
Uh huh.
So then born Booth, now a writer for the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives, says Bin Laden.
Yes they do.
They all sound the same.
Says Bin Laden often talks about how you know if you're going to play Whitney Houston
love, I'm going to get Susan cocking on the phone.
Give you a talking to you.
You're going to get her doing one on the phone.
Talking.
Oh.
Susan talking on the phone.
I've been laughing often talking about how beautiful Whitney is.
But brainwash by American culture and by her husband, who Mou Samma talked about having
killed.
And as if it were normal to have women's husbands killed.
Well it was good enough for a Robert Blake right?
That's right.
In his briefcase I would come across photos of her as well as copies of Playboy.
Soon I was sick of hearing Whitney Houston's name.
She said.
I like that.
Copies of Playboy and I was like, see they're all about your fakers.
Oh yeah.
All the religious goody tussues.
It's all a big act baby.
It's all phony baloney.
I love you.
I'm good talker.
Excellent.
What about you?
What is your president?
Continue to attack across the world.
Yeah, I'm sure you will.
There's the game plan.
1220 on the pool man.
We got to shut it like kill her already.
What is with you and it's Whitney Houston?
Could you join there in?
Shoot him Josh.
Sixth of a stick pleasure.
She is.
He's got to stand her.
Why any howling just obnoxious.
You know, I'm going to tell you one more burst from Whitney and you're finishing the
hour.
I like that.
What a thrust me.
I'm waiting.
I'm looking just for an excuse.
I'm hungry.
I can have lunch right now.
Are you threatening me?
Yes.
Bob Patrakis and Harvey Wasserman saving the ballot evidence from Ohio 2004.
How many articles of these guys have I read?
Bob third man.
Can we read their book?
What happened in Ohio?
No.
This is one thing the mainstream media now.
John Kerry finally, you know, he's screaming in the out of all the way to late John.
Especially based on our commie pinko, a fag audience out there.
They don't want no part of your Kerry.
You're done.
They rather have Al Gore.
They rather have Albert Anastasia.
Anybody?
Albert Anastasia?
No.
Remember the song in the movie and the song by Pat Boone Anastasia on Dot Records?
I bet you're a chicken neck, remember that?
By the way, chicken neck.
Have you sent me any more discs like the one that both of the ones you sent last week?
Bye bye.
I just kind of offer a few months, you know?
Moody River, Pat Boone.
I'm Dot Records.
What's that?
It's a Pat Boone.
This, I know you're going to start with him now?
You've ever seen him?
He was with me Houston, I was Pat Boone.
Although if you want, I'll kill some good time.
That was all about him.
Impotent stuff, man.
You're the only one who listens to this crap.
That's right.
I'm locked up.
I'm in a QIAM, hello.
Yeah, happy good afternoon.
I believe Uncle Meal was searching for a name of us.
Guy in the fishing business used to call in Uncle Mikey Rineri.
Yes.
And that was Al Barrett, who runs the Bahamasville Fish Championship and Al would call him from the Bahamas.
Bill Fish turned on, I remember that.
Report.
And I figured I'd just give Y'all the heads up and hang up and listen to the grip, okay?
Thanks a lot, pal.
Listen to the dribble.
Sure.
Is there a basketball game on it?
It must be.
Yeah, he's dribbling it.
Sometimes that dribble.
This weekend was to be D-Day in Ohio and marked the September 2nd deadline, after which Federal
law allows the destruction of ballots from the 2004 election.
It didn't happen, at least on a statewide basis, thanks God.
But the fight to preserve the vital evidence is far from over.
Republican election officials here have been here, meaning in Ohio, chomping at the bits
of shred burn or otherwise destroyed the ballots and other related materials from the dubious
vote count that gave George W. Bush a second term and of course resulted in all these
dead people.
Yet in several rural, Southwest Republican dominated counties, you have to trip over
boxes of ballots and election material from earlier elections dating back as far as 1977
in order to see the stickers destroy a 9306 on the 2004 ballot boxes.
Jay Kenneth Blackwell, the Republican Secretary of State, is running for governor.
He's got no chance, by the way.
His dual role as administrator of the election and state co-chair of the Bush-Tainee campaign
has raised deep-seated embarrassment and iron throughout the Buckeye State.
There's a lot of iron.
Number Jane Eyre, the disturbing revelations of irregularities stepped in fraud, continued
to pour from the ballots still threw it by election boards around the state.
Status issued by Dr. Richard Hayes Phillips has been instrumental in the research process
along with the volunteer crew of election protection activists.
This summer Dr. Ron Bayman of Loyal will also analyze ballots in other election records
from the 2004 election in the project funded by the CICJ.
Many have spent countless hours pouring through and photographing piles of voter records
in thousands of ballots.
Some of them stacked in filthy leaky warehouses.
What a thankless job that is photographing piles.
Through this work, the evidence that the 2004 election was still and continues to build,
we will cover some of these new revelations in a future piece, say Bob and Harvey.
Unfortunately, some vital materials already been destroyed by various county election boards.
Fears have also been expressed that some BOEs might ignore the new order to preserve
the ballots.
Some 2004 election workers have already been indicted in Cuyahoga County.
A major partisan battles erupted in the Democratic stronghold of Cleveland over the actions
of executive director of board of elections, Michael Vu, for Cuyahoga County.
Not only a Democrat, Vu only holds this position because of the support of Cuyahoga County,
BOE Chair Robert Bennett, also the Chair of the Ohio Republican Party.
Bennett and his fellow Republican on the election board are keeping Vu from being ousted
by the Democratic Party originally appointed him.
Ironically, the state of Florida saved its ballots from 2000.
A concerted campaign by academics and other interested parties gathered enough political
crowd to force Governor Jeb Bush and Secretary of State Catherine.
I have no chance to be Bill Nelson Harris in order those records to be moved away state
repository in Tallahassee where they're now air conditioned and protected for future
generations.
How do you like that?
Just were held in Kabul, soccer stadium.
Soccer stadium.
Until this past week, Blackwell has made clear was intent to rid himself of the remnants
of 2004, but a week prior, a legal team including Columbus-based Clifford Arnebeck filed
notice with Blackwell that action would be taken to preserve the evidence.
Now it's going to make a difference.
You know, like we can turn the clock back and say, oh, guess what?
Carry one.
Now all the dead people are going to come back to life, right?
These are the things that say there can be no compromise.
See, here he goes, peddling this crap again, but a beep bit a boop bit about ain't working
and ain't going to work.
I mean, I realize there's a lot of stupid people out there, but not that stupid.
Nobody is that stupid.
1235 votes.
I think we got to shine at what?
Maybe I don't think 13, huh?
Why don't I win it?
13,000 votes.
On the day after Labor Day, you've got to be kidding me, man.
This must be a bad omen for those guys across the street.
And also a bad omen for clearance, because this proves beyond a shadow of 1235 votes.
That's more than they had people listening.
That's tailgate party for the whole 24-hour period.
Even Joe Bell had missed that.
He said it was the dumbest piece of garbage he ever hurt in his life.
And now he's taken to a new, instead of calling him, he calls him, uh, uh, Darrow now.
When I talked to Joe on Friday, he refers to him as Darrow instead of Josh.
And that is to differentiate between the two Josh's.
I don't think he was Josh either.
He refers to him as Darrow.
To me, that's the first indication, okay?
That the fall from grace can't be far off.
Because anybody that would program this radio, any radio station,
whether this sports nerd child has done, that person deserves to a quick trip to Stark,
or at least some Stark reality.
He is speaking of broom handles, man.
There isn't any of them too big for him.
I just mentioned that in case toast might be listening.
That'd be a good way to do the deed.
What do you think Susan would say about that?
Don't forget about our new fishing show on QAIM coming up this Saturday.
And it started this past Saturday, right?
Yes. And it's for two hours?
That's right.
Jesus, God, we're a salty salt, flysman when we need him.
I guess I must have lived in Sari Soda when I saw that.
Salty Saul.
W-T-B-T, is that channel 13, T-B-T in Tampa?
Come on, you better get with it, you guys.
You better stick. You're supposed to be a big A-E.
Can you grow up there?
Josh?
Nope.
Tampa?
I lived there for two years.
Well, so what did you watch the Brandon television stations?
Come on, give me a break, mister.
Start talking and he's spitting lace.
Talk turkey.
No, seriously, you don't know channel 13 in Tampa?
No, not really.
How old were you at that time?
My first two years of high school.
You were in high school, you don't know what the television station
was, what kind of a morrow I knew graduated high school?
Not from up there.
Oh, that must have been in Coral Springs.
No.
Where were you graduated high school?
Right up the screen here.
Hollywood, a street?
Yeah, Hollywood, Christian school.
Hollywood, Christian school?
He called Christ.
You know it.
Oh my god, that explains a lot.
27th past month, we could put a little bit of this speech
by your president on there.
According to their public heart, Joyce probably won't
permit it because he might fart in the middle of it.
The biggest name, so best talent to the business,
Neil Rogers, sports radio 560.
Hey, you heard.
God, your breasts are beautiful.
Oh, who got the money from his daddy?
Oh, and his nice and my little granny.
Or, he can agenda that crappy.
Oh, well, he's a talent, happy man.
He comes up there, fell, eh?
Well, he's a presidential son.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win.
He might as well just move right in.
She called.
She called.
She called.
She called.
He has the golden spoon.
He was born with a possessed.
So look out, all you Jews.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a talent, happy man.
He's a presidential rights, the whammy.
Oh, I need the talent, happy man.
He's a love of a LA.
That's a good thing.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very bad disputes.
Who never praises do.
I think here will all be screwsing hard.
Shing hard.
Shing hard.
Shing hard.
Any smart people in that race against buddy, but hey, why do you think they call it
Goober?
Victoria, anyway, he's a talent, happy, happy.
Oh, killing the KKK, happy.
Oh, getting the talent, happy, happy.
No, the best, the best.
Come on, let's do step.
Come on, let's go.
Yeah, Bush is right about wanting, man.
That is we got to really be a warrior of fascism.
From 154 votes, what it means we got 40, 60, go in 27 minutes.
That's about like about two a minute, right?
They do it.
We can give the 13 every day.
If we get to 13 every by two o'clock, I might come back Thursday, another show.
Oh, jeez.
Because then next week starting 9-11, it's back to this five day week.
I don't see how that's going to happen.
I don't, I just don't envision it.
You know what I mean?
I envision it frequently.
Do you really?
Oh, yeah.
I can't even imagine what that's like.
Getting up every day, coming in here, coming in, getting all going all the way to work.
Slutting through traffic.
Nearly 70% of recovery workers have responded to the attacks on the World Trade Center
have suffered lung problems and high rates of lung abnormalities continue.
A new health study released today shows.
Thank you very much for your heroism and reward.
We're going to be lung disease.
Doctor, which of course is very little of this is talked about.
It's not good.
Not good for the upper grume.
And a fundamental threat to the...
Yeah, you are.
Doctors in Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York, which conducted the study, said the results
prove that working in the toxic grade-dusted ground zero made many people sick and some
will likely suffer the effects for the rest of their lives.
There should no longer be any doubt about the health effects of the World Trade Center.
Our patients are sick.
Said Dr. Robin Herbert, co-director of the group that investigated the long-term effects
of exposure to the dust at the site.
The study, the largest involving health issues linked to the 9-11 attacks and is to be
published Thursday in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives as days before the fifth
anniversary of the towers collapse.
Which you can see the whole thing on CNN all over again next Monday.
All day.
They're going to re-show the whole other original coverage, just in case you forgot about
it.
It focused mostly on what's been dubbed the World Trade Center cough, which was a little
understood immediately after the attacks, but has become a chief concern of health experts
and advocates.
It also found that lung ailments tended to be worse among those who were by first at the
site.
Findings highlighted by the study include almost 70% of World Trade Center respondents had
newer, worse and lung symptoms after the attacks.
Among the spotters who had no health symptoms before the attacks, 61% developed lung systems
while working on the toxic pile.
And a third of those tested had normal lung function tests.
In lung function tests, we spotters had abnormalities that are very double that expected
in the general population.
Those abnormalities persisted for months and in some cases years after the exposure they
said.
The report comes as public concern over the fate of ground zero workers has risen in
a class action lawsuit against the city and its contractors, 8,000 workers and civilians
blame 9.11 for sinusitis, cancers, other elements that have been developed after the attacks.
The doctors were joined by newer politicians who brought up the federal government to extend
funding for research and treatment programs.
Our government was not telling us the truth since Senator Swillary Clinton, the air was
not safe to breathe.
It was obvious that the air was hard to see through little-own breathe.
I wonder who is really behind the general attack?
Who is responsible for that?
It's absolutely amazing.
It's just an evil deal.
I'm a failure.
I'll put the American media into the press now.
This is about okay.
The courage is going to be on NBC on CBS News.
That's just as to it.
Taking some bitch off an entertainment show and putting her on a treat her like a serious
news person, no chance.
Trump 169 votes on the poll and sports talk radio is right in the middle of the pack with
tied with terrorism 44 as the biggest problem in the world.
And I would say those people who voted for a sports talk radio are absolutely correct.
Do you want to know what?
Because it ties in with some of the other ones, like religion.
Don't you think it's a religion to these people?
It absolutely is.
Anybody that would put on a 24-hour tailgate party on a major market big time supposedly
radio station, including a bunch of shluppers on there just fumbling their way to like the beast.
It's a UM-esque grab is what it is.
That's all it is.
It's a cluster of schmuck.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
It sucked.
And a game sucked.
But the Marlins are on fire.
Let's jump on the bandwagon.
What do you say?
I mean, obviously everybody's off that hurricane band where they already lost a game.
And of course, Josh, you know if a UM loses a game.
It's like, oh, the season's over.
Oh, yeah, that's it.
It'll look forward to it.
Like the sky is falling.
You know, they lose two games.
They're like screwed in, you know.
That's the highest fallout.
We didn't like them anyway.
That kind of stuff.
That's the kind of front-running phony town that is.
As opposed to here where all the teams suck and everybody says,
oh, well, we're just used to it.
Republicans who were once cozy with President Bush are distancing themselves from both the president
and their party in campaign ads.
We will not withdraw from the fight.
Yeah.
Consider Republican Deborah Price the fourth ranking House Republican struggling to hold on to her seat
in the evenly split district in central Ohio near Columbus where the rumors live.
Call him up and make sure he votes and feral.
You know what?
I haven't heard it in a second.
It's such a bad mistake.
I haven't heard from him in such a long time now.
I'm surprised he hasn't called to tell me about my Keenan resigning.
What do you think about that, George?
My Keenan resigning as the GM.
Oh, that's terrible.
It's tragic or something.
In 2004, her campaign website featured a banner of her and Bush sitting together smiling.
But in her latest TV ad prices described as independent.
The spot also highlights how she stood up to her own party and the president's support increased federal funds for embryonic stem cell research.
As Sherwin, the House Republican conference priced rallies colleagues to the party message.
With the election in about two months and Bush's approval rating still low, 33% of the most recent AP, if so, is pool.
Republicans involved in high raises avoiding party labels like the plague and playing down their ties to the president.
On issues from the RACWAR to AMCRAC spending, GOP candidates are trying to argue that they don't follow and lie to them.
In Pennsylvania, the Republican representative Jim Girlack tells voters, when I believe President Bush is right on behind him, but when I think he's wrong, I'll let him know that too.
Girlack is in a close contest with Democrat Lois Murphy, who damn near-beat him, came real close in 2004 within an eyelash.
In Minnesota, where an open sentence sees as its stake representative Mark Kennedy as an ad title crossing party lines in which he says,
I'm a Republican. On issues like taxes and spending, I vote like it. But on other issues, I cross party lines.
In 2002, and his run for the House, Kennedy had showed him walking and shaking hands with Bush at the White House, to me, he list the issues and which he has split from the president.
And in South Florida, heavily populated by retirees, Republican representative Clay Shaw criticizes the president's style plans to change social security in season as ad.
I represent the state of Florida, not a political party. You should live so long, Clay.
Brother.
Ask me a congressman, Clay Shaw. By the way, what's his name doing? Charlie Christ.
Yeah, how's he doing? What? His boyfriend? 25 votes to go, and we got 20 minutes. It's going to be a real nip and tuck.
Nip and tuck.
I'm seeing some best talents. Look at this, it's real Rogers. For 20 votes to go, hey, man.
All the crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time.
It's been proof that my internship at the Uretings in Diane, and how?
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass say that I was to your hand, how?
You can't fight somebody good enough to throw my veggie pants? It's easy.
Right now, Jay, I love it becoming back. Outside of considering a little bit of a contour, right?
If you want to know what it'll say, if I'm shutting that transmitter down, why that's easy.
All you need is smoke.
That's you?
All you need is smoke.
All you need is a shower.
I don't throw.
I don't throw anything in your head.
I think you wrote three questions only to do the thing.
Right then, my reading's that bottomed out in this case.
Which video have you remodeled to one of the gay and civil wars?
And we did.
All you need is smoke.
That's you?
All you need is smoke.
And from the beginning of the ring.
All you need is a shower.
And you'll throw.
Oh, my God.
You're going to have to hold my hand.
And you'll fight away something.
Check, hold it and give me this.
Wow.
Are you going to go fire me?
I always feel bad that mode doesn't listen to even a little bit.
Okay, and the feeling is mutual.
We miss him like a gigantic tourer that's been removed from your...
Back to him.
It's not a tourbook.
From 193 votes on a poll, we're going to make 1,300 during the show.
Oh, my God.
And we've got still a quarter of an hour to go.
Do you like that?
Can you beat that?
With a stick.
With a stick.
Pro 190 to vote.
How is Suzy doing?
I never got your email, by the way.
I mean, my was going for good.
Eric says it's a hotmail thing.
He saw that it was sent from his server.
So it went from here, it went from there, and it's being...
Maybe it's because it's got that name.
It's got what name?
Do you have like a portal filter or something set up?
No.
Oh, yeah, right.
It's possible it's in your spam computer.
Well, don't put a name on it or like that.
It's the name of a picture.
What is it?
I thought it was...
It's a tour name.
Oh, I see.
Well, can't you change your name on it?
I could.
Suzy.
Lock.
Huh?
Suzy and walking.
Suzy and walking.
Dead man talking.
Yeah.
Idiot squawking.
Oh.
Yeah, see there is going to be a hand.
Can't say the word is though.
Correct.
From 193, I bet if I clicked that baby, I bet it's going to like...
It's not really that I would...
For the audience, I mean, oh, 1297.
That maybe wondering what the picture is he's trying to send me.
It's a picture of somebody, the ability from our fishing show,
who now goes by the Nam De Pum of Suzy.
Well, first of all, if that's not a real name, what kind of a person makes up a name like that?
That's her real name.
She was using a fake name when she was on an island.
Well, go back to the fake name.
Okay, honey.
No, I like the real name better.
Yeah, Bet you do.
Remember that song?
I bet you've got it.
The Bucky Ham Suzy.
Remember that?
I don't know.
Columbia Records.
Sure.
You got it?
Well, won't that be something we get this?
Forget about Whitney Houston, man.
Forget about Pat Boone.
There it is.
Bucky Ham.
Yeah, don't you care.
And then this was, I'm going to wait for the other sman.
Hey, look at this one.
Looks like I'm a loser.
Just do.
Don't you care.
Now, this was a big sman.
This was Johnny.
They had more hits than this.
Yeah.
For example, I was like, oh, I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
America has had a sterling history with Thoroughbred horses and world class races.
The Kentucky Derby, the precknes and dolmout and make up the triple crown.
America took notice when magnificent Barbara Obroker is lugging the precknes this year.
The 137th running of the traverse will be held at Saratoga,
or was held last Saturday, and the prestigious breeders couple will be held at Churchill Downs November 4.
We still have magnificent horses here, but at the Saratoga meet the Maktun family,
owners of the squeak can't Ashkel way and criminate,
and criminate, Henny Hughes and the amazing Bernardini walk away with nearly all the steaks races.
Another of their horses, Ja'Zil, won the Belmont Stakes.
When Bernardini won the precknes he gave the Maktun's two thirds of the triple crown,
and Bernardini tops the family's breeders' cup team.
Their horses are already one of the major races in France, England and Ireland.
You might not have heard of the Maktun's.
The head of the family, Ashik Mohamed bin Rashid al-Maktun,
57, sometimes called Shik Moe.
Shik Moe, who rules Dubai as the vice president of the United Arab Emirates.
This year, he divided briefly into America's consciousness,
while one of its government-owned companies tried to take over port operations
in several major US cities.
America woke up for a moment of thought of Arabs running its ports.
The Dubai ports were tactfully withdrew its bid,
and America rolled over and slipped back into its drug-dough sleep.
In Dubai, however, population 240,000 nobody is sleeping.
Shik Moe, a poet, statesman, and passionate horseman,
is presiding over a construction boom that will turn his country into the New Yorker of the Middle East.
Time magazine, which this year included the Shik insist of a hundred people shaping our world,
calls it urban planning on a cosmic scale, a blossoming financial center,
regional headquarters for global brands, mega-shopping malls,
amusement parks, a world-class airline, and airport to go with it.
Luxurious hotels that play host to seven million tourists a year,
and the world's largest man-made islands.
Add to that a world-class racetrack, and the recent groundbreaking for the world's tallest skyscraper.
The Maktun's have stables in England, America, and Dubai,
and set a record this year by spending $16 million in auction,
to buy a single untried two-year-old cold.
Instead of trying to return to the lost glory days of the Ottoman Empire,
the Maktun's are creating Dubai Inc, and racing full tilt into the future.
China, India, Singapore, many other countries are doing the same.
What is America doing?
Squandering its money, its history, its democracy, and its blood in the Middle East.
While people in other countries learn to speak two or three languages,
America still has vigilantes on its borders trying to keep on anyone who doesn't speak English.
I'm getting choked up about it.
Instead of welcoming the immigrants who aren't already here and trying to demonize them,
aren't as students and intellectuals find difficult to get visas.
Time for a drink.
They go to other more welcoming countries instead.
Many of us have been living with pain during the past few years.
We love this country, both the greatness and the promise of it.
We love the way every new wave of immigrants has come here to make a better life,
and has made everyone else's life better as a result.
But it seems that now openness and opportunity are gone.
America is becoming a moral cultural, religious, and intellectual backwater,
a banana republic without a hope or a prayer of catching up to the fascinating new world
which is flourishing without us.
How do you like that? Doobie doobie doobie.
Sheikh Mo.
I've never heard of him no Mo.
Joyce Marcel freelance writer and comments in Vermont.
And in the meantime,
they help endowments reclaim false sovereign control over this.
Now you think it's just a coincidence that every time I put the audio on when he's speaking,
he's fomping and fumbling about, or is that just a part of the coincidence?
Ah, in other words, I can put it on anytime during his speech and he'd be doing the same thing.
Is that a coincidence?
You try to say it and you put it on the other side of the panel.
How do you hear a mother?
Why do you hate America so much?
You're going to put you back in that rubber raft and send you back to Fidel,
the nursing back to health.
He's looking like he's ill and by the way.
Of course, if you lost 41 pounds, I'd be happy to have my weight.
13-09 votes.
Oh!
The only one, by the way, says he's doing just well.
And he's not coming back to visit Maris Grisias or the rest of the Drunken Family.
How do you like that?
That's some real issues that Miami family.
156 a.Q.M.
I'm thinking to myself, the NFL season, I heard that promo we had or whatever that spot was before.
What was it?
Well, whatever it was.
Starts Thursday night.
Now, who is in this plan again?
Miami and Pittsburgh.
Oh, the dolphins.
The dolphins in the Steelers without Ben Rafflesberger.
Game one.
Well, I'll think of myself since the opening game of the Dolphin season is Thursday.
How about a 48-hour marathon tailgate party?
48-hour real pre-game show?
Right.
Starting, I would say maybe like tomorrow at 10.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The fastest wheel Rogers.
For 20560, she A.M.
All right.
See, let's go.
She was walking out his private phone.
I'll bet her mom will need a phone.
And then why?
Who never worked for me?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
As you tried for the Phoenix Girl.
Looking back, she's like a boss.
She worked for me.
It's my life.
She's so messed up.
What a mess.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
I'm not in love.
Bay...
