Joy's wish doesn't care about black people.
The 80s are back!
They are?
And 50s Funny Man Jerry Lewis is too.
Are you sure?
Well, kind of.
And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a supergroup for the new millennium.
Introducing Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey ladies!
The heart of rock and roll, heart of rock and roll is still beating.
With the benzer calls and the a-r then Cleveland already would ship away
and in the white room and in all those places.
The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop.
It's Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey ladies!
Oh please, I like a new drug.
No need those plays.
This is a nice man of pharmacist type, or something.
And the white cold ladies I drank it by.
Hey!
It's hip to be square, and it's even hiver to buy something round.
Like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news.
Available, you can find it wherever the fine record is sold with a nice man behind the cow.
Did they have you find it with a nice lady?
Harsh to no K-boys, you know.
Okay, so I'll give you one guess who suffered a mild heart attack.
Uh, I don't know.
Well, what did I just get you playing there?
Oh, Jerry.
Jerry Lewis.
I know you slept in this morning, but let's get with it.
How would you look up to David?
You were there, I was just waiting to, uh, till you came on.
But yeah, I got it.
You won?
That's terrible.
You don't really believe that it's terrible.
You hate Jerry Lewis.
I do.
You know?
Uh, no, not really.
Well, you're the only one then.
Oh, you were Larry King.
Uh-huh.
Now I wouldn't say, hate Jerry, just, uh, he's, he's a worn out as welcome, you know.
That is true.
Comedian Jerry Lewis said, although it is good that his head is back down like normal size again.
That's good.
Comedian Jerry Lewis had what was described as a mild heart attack Sunday.
Today is Wednesday.
Why it's taking us to the news this long?
Well, you know, the pipeline, I guess, is slowed down.
He is under hospital care and expected to make a full recovery.
He said, candy kazoo, a, uh, uh, spokeswoman for the Orleans Hotel, a casino in Vegas.
I never heard of that.
Where Lewis the scheduled performance of July 13 to 16 has cancel of performance.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
That's Roosevelt.
All my plans, just like Tessio said.
Lewis, he also has a touch of pneumonia.
Last week, a wise packing Lewis appeared healthy at a news conference in Vegas,
when he announced his first return live performances in five years after battle with pulmonary fibrosis
that crippling lung ailment.
Oh, maybe that's where I got.
He also appeared at a fries club roast in New York on Friday.
But Sunday, oh, he Lewis announced last week that he planted direct a version of his hit 1963 comedy,
the Nutty Professor, as a musical on Broadway by October 2008.
Those plans haven't changed.
So executive producer Ned McCloud of the McLean Re company, which bought the rights to develop the show in March.
We support and will be a bio-jure and any health issue that comes up for him, as well as we'll be audio-ideas.
It's not going to affect us, he said.
Aren't you excited about that?
Your president, your leader is on now.
But I'm not going to let those, these incidents, stay in the reputation of our military.
Right.
Get it out there.
Yeah, that had either thing.
And I can let that stay in the reputation, just like me, lie, and all these other things.
I mean, occasionally they go off the deep end a little bit.
They get pissed off and fired up.
They're under a lot of stress and duress.
Maybe they're popping a few pills, whatever it is.
And innocent people get butchered and murdered by the butcher Washington.
What a photo op yesterday, huh?
Would that something or what?
You don't want it?
And a great photo opportunity and there's all the troops.
I like that, you know, and he's over there shaking hands with that Maliki guy, whatever his name is.
Malachi.
Sounds Jewish to me.
Here's the result of yesterday's pull.
And of course, if we would have taken this after last night's game, I guarantee it would have had a different result.
Wouldn't you think?
Yes.
Probably here's a big heat fan right here.
WQA am heat line.
Yes, I like to speak to me, you know.
I'm sure I've got to speak to me, you know.
I need a good morning.
Good morning.
I want to know what happened with the crossover with Agnes.
We don't do that anymore, sir.
It's old news, man.
Get with it.
Oh, why is that?
If you might as well have the one, that was pretty interesting, you know.
No, we ran out of things to say.
We ran out of odds to give.
I see in the same boat with Zahama.
Have you heard me?
What did he just say?
I couldn't tell you.
I have no idea what he's saying.
Hey, listen, when you get to be 110, it's time to take a nice nap, sir.
Lay down in the dirt.
Anyway, here's the result of yesterday's pool.
60, and I think he answered his own question.
Speaking of that, how old's Jerry Lewis?
Is he like 100?
Oh, Google it.
Is there somebody else to know with us this morning or not?
Yeah, I'm here.
So Tommy's there.
Well, don't say it like, yeah, I'm here.
Because Tommy today's going to, he's going to dish all the dirt.
Jerry Lewis is 80, by the way.
No, that's old enough for him.
Yeah.
Tommy's going to reveal all the inside stories about the beast and clearance and Robert
Grieper and all that and guilty and all that insesituous stuff that's going on.
No!
Aren't you?
Oh, yeah.
It is if you want that Ruth Kriss steak tomorrow.
He's right about it.
Down right now.
Yeah, think about it for a couple of minutes.
I know, I want it.
How about the steak?
Yeah.
16,953 votes on a pool yesterday.
Boy, we had quite a response, man.
And we're going to be responsible.
We got all ready today.
We got that thousand licked right now, I would say, wouldn't you?
Yeah, I mean, I feel like we turned a corner here.
Now, what is the reason for that?
Is that because George is on vacation?
Is we've let's blame him for it.
Maybe it's the white hot.
That is the white hot heat.
That could be it.
It could be that great new management team that we've got.
It could be this refreshing new copy that we've got.
Oh, yeah.
That's it.
It's stater than 45-year-old wonder bread.
Oh, my God.
It is so scandalous.
How did I get off on that tangent again?
I can't get that out of my mind.
By the way, I sent two emails of very issues that I have great concern about.
Yesterday morning to our general man, Joe Bell, Rolly Joe.
And can I share with you his response right now?
I'm dying to know.
That was it. Nothing.
I could have guessed that.
Yeah, and so did I.
In fact, in the second email, I said, I know what your response is going to be none.
And I was right.
There wasn't any.
He's an emotional cripple.
You know, he likes to smile and glad-hand everybody.
Hey, you see this?
Hey, I made sure there's two people in there every day.
That's like saying, I made sure that the transmitter is on every day
when you guys are doing your shows.
You know?
It should be kind of automatic.
That's not the kind of thing we get too many brownie points all whipped up for you.
You know, Joe?
We like to see some of those other issues addressed.
But Hank's got his thumb right on.
I heard from a fat grapefine this morning that he's on to.
And he understands the new model of these people.
You know, that sign on the wall over there to just give us the FN money?
We'll multiply that times a hundred.
Just give it.
Just get as much crap on the ears you possibly can.
We don't care about copying.
We don't care about results.
We don't care about servicing.
We don't care about the format.
We don't care about who's on first, who's on second.
In fact, today, oh my God, I didn't want to go there again.
Anyway, let's get back to the pool.
See how you get me off there?
It was Tommy's fault.
Let me.
When he started ripping on the beast there, what a phony a backstabber he is.
And then what you said?
What did I say?
Who's the biggest backstabber?
The beast or a greeper?
I like greeper.
That wasn't a question.
Well, then you've actually answered.
Oh, the beast.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Yeah, I would have said that too.
At least greeper.
He tells you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know,
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, it's the thing there's a lot more important to that.
I don't know.
give us, you know what you got? 26.6% what did I say to you yesterday was a
sunset result of those two categories that don't go to your 7? 47. Statistically you
can't get any type of the mat and I hate this poll only 26.1.5% a very low
number from our usually very cynical hard-to-please crowd they like that poll.
47% almost half basically are either indifferent or just don't care at all
about the heat. Although after last night now they got a win that's the first
ever win in a final series for remind me he was that correct? That is correct.
There he goes. See I know a little something about it not too much and a little
tiny bit more than I want to when you come right down to it. You got your
thumb on it? Yeah and wait till I take it on. So the beast is the backstabbers what
Tommy says he's gonna tell us about all the evil things he's been doing. He's also
gonna tell us about the incestuous relationship between our program director
in the beast who are bunk butt buddies and how does guilty feel about picture?
What's that all about? Is he got naked pictures or something? I never realized
he and your buddy Grieper were that tight. Well they Grieper engineers the Panther
games and they worked on the on the first team for right you know guys in
so many years. Yeah and they slept in what bunk beds and who's on top? 653 votes
on today's poll. Well it sounds like a lot of bunk to me I don't know just just
bizarre because Robert's making out the schedule and it must just be
coincident instead that one's on every day now and today it's a
fat fly day. Did you know that? I did not know that. Well now you know see it's
not even 10-15 already you learned some very valuable information. You learned
two things Jerry Lewis is 80. Jerry Lewis had a heart attack on Sunday so
three things and today is fat fly day. I think we ought to take the day off. I agree.
Let's put the president on the whole day. The area where he agrees with the
critics is in the other. 664 votes on the poll today I think we're gonna make
a thousand day real easy man and I will give you the results from Hazel Park.
What's the best evidence there is no God because we all know there is only...
Deal God! Half the world is starving 130 I think it's kind of a good point.
100 now many. About 30 man! 130. None there is a God. Oh you poor poor innocent
people. 119 17.9% of even this heath an audience 18% say there is a God. Oh
man what does God look like? I think it looks like Charlton Heston with
spandex pants maybe looks like W. I'm gonna meet the chef today with God.
He does talk to God he's got that red bat phone at the East News Commissioner
Gordon used to use to talk to Batman and Robin. Bad things happen to good
people underneath. Maybe he looks like could be. No one has ever seen God
102. Well that's that's not what they said in the good book though. Wasn't Abraham
always talking to God and Moses and Yosuke and listen to all that
pigeons man. Whether it was that earning they were all sown. Do you ever stop
and think about that? God only knows what was going back there before they had
just sand in there. They had the good who loose and engines back they had the
good crap. The good stuff like Sigourney Weaver says in that movie she wanted
the good stuff. John Lennon murdered and Michael Bolton lives 98 votes for that
that's proof. You see that? It's good enough for me. I hate this pool 62 see
that's already way above yesterday they don't like it too bad make some
nervous make some insecure choice. Fitch you know how many votes she's got?
She is living proof that there is no God and prayer seldom gets answered 15. Remember
that story a few weeks ago about how people who pray if people are ill I do and
how prayer doesn't work. Well that's because God is busy he's got Morning Line
Odds to set up you know basketball and he's got the World Cup to worry about.
He's got to get on the bathroom with Eddie King giving the others and the
Overs and the Ins and the Ours. Speaking of Morning Line Odds. You've got Spain
and some eight people will come to the nobody ever heard of. Oh boy.
Estonia. Estonia. Don't in Spain. Oh are you Crane? The rain in Spain falls
mainly on Ukraine is that what they say? Something like that. Oh in Spain three
Ukraine nothing. So Ukraine Nile. I feel like I was a score of the US team.
Now it looks to me like this baby's all over. 1013 at 560 WQM if you love voting
who the hell doesn't it? It's one of the main reasons a lot of people live in
Florida. Well instead of going out and spending a fortune to buy a vote and then
putting up with all the grief that goes along with that do a smarter thing.
Rent one by calling Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt rent. Why would anybody in their
right mind want to pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally
hassle free. Join the Club at Club Notico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. You'll be a
maize that's just how easy they can for you. They do everything. There are no
docking costs no expense of upkeep no insurance and no hurricane
preparation. With the vote from Club Notico it's totally stress free and
really affordable too so column at 1-800-Bolt rent get on the water this
smart way. No getting the vote ready because Club Notico will be doing it for
you and no cleaning up either because of Club Notico you just cop on the vote go
and have a fantastic time and when you dump them to dock it off and leave just
walk away. Club Notico 1-800-Bolt rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go
from small boats to yacht charters and everything in between. It's Club Notico
call 1-800-Bolt rent and let Club Notico take a plan to fit what you need and
your budget to. Get on the water today the smart the hassle free way with Club
Notico give me call and 1-800-Bolt rent. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-Q-A-X.
If there's a butt I smell it the former B-O-A safety wife who called
a quiz they say the media cost and they hit the pits but from where I said it's
all on her crazy gold thinger I think she wanted to be a space is
a people but I think I'll one leg it beauty has to go she never
put up with Rayco Star who now lives in his car
have a mills are you want pills you're not bad hot
better lame and sadder lame temper tantrums showing pretentious not for
years of marriage will make hell more than filthy wish a lot of cash for someone
sell a cause of it take your money go away shut up
come say no freedom oh my god oh my god you're so
cool I'm a party girl you better ask for me why it's water graph because you
get angry your wife I thought I thought you died no no that's me first one
from your second one I heard the mills you got married yeah I've been married
for four years so I'm no way I never do that this is a very jealous of
angry you know you must have been doing a rip and winkle last since we last
were on yesterday you can be under a palm tree or something you're missing
everything you're missing all the good stuff I guess you're not sure when you
we were said she wanted a good stuff that's what we got 700 votes on the pull
before we get to Heather and Mills McCartney 700 votes is we ought to call
to 700 club put on a big dripping syrupy green you know like pair Robertson
oh man put the 800 number at the bottom the screen so the old ladies and
keeps sending their money in what a scam you know we're in a wrong
business let's start a let's start a religion right now I mean look at all the
benefits tax exempt right off the bat whatever whatever money you can
well that in itself is worth whatever money can fleece out of the suckers it's
all yours you have to wear a bottle of sand secondly you can like do hanky
panky would just about anybody you know from from the cradle to the grave from
the eight from the fetus to 110 and you'll find some rationale for it and
and everything in between and of course you walk around immediately have
respect because you're wearing some kind of an outfit you know some kind of a
gown some kind of a dress like the pope in the bishops you know maybe a big hat
big hat is always good maybe some tits like the orthodox Jews look at those
tits as can we say that call up choice and see if we can say tits as
haha haha haha oh and you can put a nail in a mizuza and a dead chicken on a
front of your door to keep all the evil spirits out I mean this is the year
2006 and look at all these geckies are doing all over the world that's why
this poll today is so important and when we see what what's the percent 18.2%
you say oh there is a god right what does that mean why do you why do you just
repeat things that people told you when you were a child okay because because
you're afraid to be like out of the mainstream is that it you're afraid to say
what you really think like when somebody dies all he's in a better place now
he's looking down on the game and really rooting and really proud of his grandson
that just scored the winning run huh you look you know you hear this crap all
the first idea right yeah that's one of the most common oh yeah he's really
proud of your efforts today because you know somewhere he's that they are
somewhere in a box okay riding in a box I mean you talk about arrogance he
this is what's going to be the downfall of the human race and the whole planet
arrogance you know God created the animals and all the rest of the stuff for
our amusement and of course if the animals would have written the Bible we just
the other way around wouldn't it the animal Bible promises oh God created these
silly people so that we can like laugh at him and do a dump on their front
lawn when you think nice doose yeah that's right an ace of doose a trace even
and leave a couple of traces behind speaking of doose the bait in all areas the
walking doose is needed and then what it comes George W George Bush doose
Papa was a Uno and he's doose it's just it's just pathetic how there are so
few people who are like willing to think for themselves somebody told you there
was the tooth fairy does anybody over the age of like ten believe in the
tooth fairy they believe in fairies but you're fair that sanny clause anybody
over like six or seven years old believe in sanny clause no all this made up
cock-a-man if divides people and breeds hatred and stupidity and intolerance
just look at this crap in a rack man well the shears and the uh shunis and the
occurreds and yeah we're eating our curds in way that's what we need to they
tomorrow we got steak today we're eating our curds in way like a little miss
muffin said on her tuffet anybody know what a tough it is anyway I'm you know
what a tough it is I couldn't answer that much less curds in way it doesn't
sound too appetizing to me if little miss muffin a that I think I'll stay away
because she hasn't do with spiders I'm too big on spiders it's a matter of fact
still got it just looking down on my leg I still got a nasty scar
do you ever get a spider bite yeah they suck it's got like well it's got basically
two two spots and then there's always a third one but there's two like holes it's
like there's really a holes in your body somewhere when they are bite they kind of
get like pimples though you know with the pus and whatnot no maybe on your body mine
I'm too old for that I got I'd stop having zits the line never heads it's
that smooth baby-like skin but it anyway smooth as a baby's bottom
alright but anyway so I still got the scar on there because I was taking my
garbage in one day this is months ago to show how long these scars last
and I was taking the garbage in a garbage room and throwing it down the old
shoot and of course you know two lazy to turn the light on in there you know
some people keep the light on some people turn it off because they want to save
the juice you know the two zens a year so I wasn't paying any attention of course
and I come back in the kitchen and I'm staying there in my sink and all of a sudden I feel like this
I don't know sometimes you feel like but you're too lazy to look and see if there's anything there
you know I mean yeah I mean when you don't expect it sometimes I mean who the hell is
expecting some big-ass spider just crawled up on my leg while I was in the garbage room and I
come back and all of a sudden it's just taking a big chunk out of my leg
Jesus and then I looked down and I was actually was it was such an nasty bite that it was like
bleeding not profusely but like in the words there was like blood on the surface of the skin
you know I mean yeah that's a good one yeah a damn good one must have been big as a watermelon
and the spider too so at any rate the scars are still there how do we get it oh a little mismuffin
remember her long came a spider and sat down beside her while she was eating her
curds and when maybe the spider was hungry maybe it was hungry when it took a chunk out of my
damn leg but boy that thing hurts too you know it's a nasty thing a spider bite but I had my
second apartment Amsterdam the one it was downstairs in a dank moldy humid basement that was
unsentory and should never been lived in the first place man it was spiders all over the place
that's Amsterdam for I mean you'll probably look past that when you go there because you'd be so
stone all the time you wouldn't even notice it you know pretty much yeah well one thing about
Amsterdam you look at stone and you probably will get bit but not necessarily by spider 26 past
10 at 5 60 I would speak under that what a segue man I am the best just ask me am I the best
you bet if you think you have termites in your home or maybe spiders I don't know they probably
were the spiders do I would think call ridded pest control today for a free termite inspection time
you got spiders in there they'll take a peek at those two and squash them they'll squish them
ridded pest and we ever really looked at the spider close oh yeah I was just expecting one this
morning no I'm serious ever really like to look at like it's because it's surrounded by all those
80 million legs you know yeah and so it's kind of like hard to see if you look at it eye to eye
you know kind of like our management ridded pest control uses an amazing orange or creamy
that kills termites and termite eggs a hundred percent on contact they're gone faster than you
can say that joebell is useless if you do have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them
you know don't have to tent your house to me that's one of the most important things because a lot
of these termite outfits they come in they put that big circus tent around your house and people
from like as far as 20 miles around your house becomes like a an amusement park they drive
by and point and laugh they're oh my god what a what a disaster in there what a bunch of slabs
they must be they don't have to do that when you have ridded come you don't have to worry about
poisonous gas no moving out or staying in hotels or motels you don't have to worry about food or pets
in your health because the folks at ridded treat your home into this amazing orange oil you don't
have to leave it all when they're done treating your property the only thing left behind is the
clean scent of oranges for just a few days you'll be crawling on the walls and stiffing it if you
have a termite problem call ridded pest control right now find out about this amazing orange oil
treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100 percent on contact gets the job done now's
the time to do it no tenting no BS no kidding call right now for a free no obligation inspection now's
the time to do it before they start chewing your house to bits call 1 800 447 43 48 that's 1 800
447 43 48 when you call ridded be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call and very
started to 1 800 447 43 48 this is Neil Roger solid this is 5.69.8
to reshide all down and go some very best education now
in all that you must not know and so may I am hurt and must come down you wrap up their
goals cover up 10 lines he put you all right before your eyes I wonder how you react
like you discovered you need to be alive that's something else or not go trail and trees
it bore without a reason for them and they're broke and they're broke on the
trailer and criminal flyers who do things that they don't want you to know
this one day you'll wake up and see your freedom is gone or the other thing is reality show
let's get back to you
you
you
you 1032 and 560 I just looked fine now
you I'm not sure if I like that better or I'll play both all all the way to a clock what
we got it to they might ask the inquiring QA model yes I'll tell you what we got
oh my god so Tommy says he's on the relax because Robert's got naked pictures
that's what he was talking about I beg your pardon that's what he was saying during the break
did he really yeah what's the story Tommy well you know the story no I don't know the story
yeah you do no I don't well tell the audience don't know the story you tell them
well it's more of an inside thing that's okay they're like the inside it don't forget that
stays coming tomorrow oh I know I'm looking we can always give it to the beast you don't have enough
we don't have enough time just give it a little tease by the way I found something right in line
with this I just found it by accident amazing what's on the internet you know it's just astonishing
so I googled Heather Mills and the very first thing on there Heather Mills McCartney you know
which she's got the naked pictures all over the place and the lesbian the porn on movies she made all
all the other stuff alleged she's doing huh she's suing and anyway keep your finger on the
pulse with the gossip tracker toolbar oh yeah isn't that something we need that's something we
definitely it says download now you think I should do it I don't think you crossed anything
yeah why that's the kind of stuff the audience cares about they don't care about this bozo
no no they don't care about him and rightfully so even though he's dangerous but at least a good
diversion perversion oh wait a minute you want to oh I don't want to monkey around with that I'll
do that later you want to run this who's saved it to file about a beat but yeah make it easy make
it simple for no part like me anyway getting back to Heather Mills and Carnegie before Tommy tells us
about Robert Gryper and the beast and the clearance don't forget now there's a you know you're
right about the beast he was in there this morning because Josh slept in lady over slept this
morning so when I came in here I was greeted by the beast oh oh tons of fun and it wasn't like 10
seconds before he started giving me a rundown of what Hank said about Joe Bell and Neil is right
and this and of course I was glad to hear that because I know the Humper is not a dumb guy you know
he's just trying to you know suck hot you know yeah getting good with you by giving you
information from the inside you know stir the pot all that uh huh yeah yeah it's like a
phone thing about George he George likes to smoke it he likes to stir it to beast and
well it looks like you're thinking like a little toothpick in there and just stir it really
out you know anybody that's a child is sitting around for four or five hours or they're sitting
there of course you don't have to move much you know that's the beast in his case you don't have
to move on off a lot from that sofa you can't move can you really envision him getting married I
mean you're actually oh it's happening buddy I know I got I totally got that very fancy ornate
wedding invitation ask me if I'm going are you going ask me if I'm sending a gift no no absolutely
not he's got a even admitted this morning thank god for rich mommy and daddy he made the comment
you know he's got no shame he at least he admits it what's Robert Creeper's story see got a
I can't imagine he's got a rich mommy and daddy although it's possible what's his story I couldn't
tell you besides being a self-hating uh fascist Jew what's his story that's his story he just
would as head up clearances ass so it's a shy oh and then the beast also told me when we were
supposed to get titles and big raises but nothing happened yet that was the other thing he said
don't you find that rather amusing yes I got a title for both of them Heather Mills McCartney a strange
wife performer Beatle Paul McCartney is to take legal action or you should have seen the Toronto
sun yesterday wow they had all the pictures in there of course the sun you know it's a tabloid
craft that Rupert Murdoch stuff she's gonna take legal action over a newspaper article
lodging she worked as a prostitute in her 20s or lawyer said yesterday Heather is very
distressed by this article lawyers for the former model set up for the weekend allegations in a
news of the world tabloid let me tell you right now man you want to know what's really going on
on this planet news of the world is where it's at you know they had like those three headed
monsters on the cover all the time that's quite a tabloid that's the good stuff man that is
the that like you keep coming back to that again everybody wants the good stuff I know I sure want it
I see a lot of things I want I can't have it really pisses me off if you call the article untrue
and I highly be fanatory it says here there's a link it says watch for the whip and whip cream
shots that surface last week oh yeah that was in the paper yesterday and then you can
oh that's great yeah on the front page there was a guy a shot a guy was like licking whip cream
out of her mouth all right now it's actually a better looking she was the statement said Heather
who separated from her multi-millionaire husband last month is recovering slowly from revision surgery
on her leg oh maybe she got a spider bite oh it was amputated below the knee after a collision
with a police motor cycle on 1993 that's bad I didn't know that but you feel bad that would
make and beg comments about her once she had her leg amputated below the knee don't you no
TNO Ken Rothlesburg I'll say that okay Ben Ken whatever his name is Ben what I don't I don't
not football season I'm just I I'm worried about only one thing right now that's it that's the
only thing on my mind morning noon and night she has suffered weight loss anxiety and sleeping
promises of a result of the stress and anxiety to break up over marriage but legal proceedings
against the newspaper will be deferred until her divorce settlements concluded McCartney 63 and
Mills 38 announced their separation last month blaming media intrusion for the collapse of
them I would be surprised if she's on at gossip toolbar I think you need to get that I'm
downloading it man I'm getting very you're too a lot of people are reading that and downloading it
legalized what's believe McCartney could lose up to a quarter of his estimated uh 1.52
billion dollar fortune after separating from his second wife this would roughly equate to a
million pounds for a big way to their short-lived for your marriage isn't that a shame he's only
worth 1.52 billion so they lost a quarter of that that would be what like about 300 and some
odd million I think he gets still probably scraped along you think yeah he'd be okay 1.52
million not a facelift was in order Paul you know he's looking really bad he's a little
long in the tooth it's got a picture of him right here looks really sour looks like things are
really going south for a bumpy face I think wait you know when it started going south for him
what's that Michael Jackson what was that song they did together I have any Evani and ivory was
at it no no who did Evani and ivory Steve you wonder yeah well same difference they did that
that's that goofy looking one when they were riding on the back of that that hey bus
hey bus I can't find that wagon and they were swinging to each other and had passing flowers to
each other meaning it was really gay oh is that what it was well that's a prize in considering
Michael Jackson was Evan a Michael through fairy a Paul's way too old for him yeah I'm sure of that
oh yeah maybe maybe Paul as an embryo would have been more right up his alley so this be 745
votes already we got that thousand like I think you're right on the internet we've turned the
quarter this week we've had a phenomenal response both yesterday and Monday I don't know what
that's all about in the white hot web is that what it is I don't think that's got a damn thing to do
with it but we sure had a lot of votes and a lot of hits and a lot of a lot of hits but that
beast never took them any hits that song was say say say by the way say say say say say say say
that's what it was say say say say say Taylor in fact well we do I never play that drop in I don't
know why pretty good we're if you can find there you go 20 before 11 at 560 WK my never
did finish the line up there where you're I got stopped it too you know I got stopped
cold on my tracks I got stopped tracks because Gellie's on it too I set up to stop anybody stop
our mole mentham so to speak my dog at 4 to 6 30 enough to another tough to an eye by
my suggestion to Hank is they right there in the morning man I think it's time as Joe Dodge
you'll use to say it's time to play good old country hardball you know I mean what do you mean
I mean stick by your guns okay they made their bed now let them lay in it lie in it lay
lady lay member Bob Dylan couldn't sing as well of a paper sack remember the song by Bob
Dylan and Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson and then you're right they were doing it in the big
this big old wagon Marlon's on deck they're red hot Marlon's man how many people they had their last
night see you then all say I shouldn't for you I did I honestly I didn't even watch the game I
watched the heat game well what is that you're telling me that the event boring is synthulating and
then you're doing why listen to the game on a radio while you're watching a heat game you could
have done both of you that listen to his dulcet toad he does have a great voice yes he does he's
Marlon's on decades six thirty the marlins host the braves again their their braves are in a slump I
guess and the marlins are kicking ass they blow in three and a row now am I right about that yes you
want to last two and sandy iguanay one this one they are on their move and I think they've got 24
wins already tomorrow your Florida marlins great they went like 12 in a row they'll be like 500
no and then 80k attend through after the ballgame what do you mean there'll be a 500 what do they
like 20 I don't know they're no I think you're right 2436 I believe so I'm like that I mean they're
turds no doubt about it how is it that I know that and then don't trust pitching night there's
another reason to get out there is no heat game that I think I'd a day off till tomorrow till game
four don't worry there'll be nobody there man now we got the heat we wind up we want to play now
until the two o'clock let's rewind it man play the heat we want we don't have the games we only
wish that we did but you know right now most of the time we don't wish that we had him because although
we'd rather have that in the panther games let's swap with io d give them the panther games and
we'll take the heat games at least the last games the next two games of the finals that's all
will be sounds good I'll take it one thing they can't afford to play you know I not that I know
anything about it or follow but it just seems to me that if they were like light in death at home to
win a game last night their prospects are still pretty much on the shaky side when you say that
hey you never know man you never know that's right ain't over till it's over that's what the
Joe Dodge yola and yogis to say and both the you know greasy attending kids from me St. Louis
17 before 11 at five 60 wc him if you're a cigar smoker and you like to kick back with a good
premium stogie man and just laugh at the world this blow smoke that's our specialty if you
end by the way blow and smoke then be here cigars by Tony bruhani is absolutely for you these hard
to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years but he is a real
boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco but he a gold
a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fish and outer cigar and cider and 9.1 by Schmoke magazine
this rich flavored well balanced full body mika roger when cigars got earthy hints of dark roast
coffee chocolate spicy pepper flavors also be sure to try their be here to sail the hottest
release of our last 10 muskets a hard waiting of 91 by cigar fish and outer cigar and cider by
the way that I mentioned it uh... we lucked out on a lot of them got the uh... a world cup tickets
for Germany and Ecuador are you in what are you going no i'm not going my two friends who are going
on the trip with me they're going to think i'm going to go watch a soccer match but they're going
to see Germany and Ecuador i hope they survive it you can say this i'm doing a spot now sorry
i'm trying to like you know if i if i interject there may at least it changes the copy up a little bit
but it's a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper the finishes long and
full-bodied with additional spice and a note of charred wood watch out for that charred wood if you
want to say 40% they're off the price of all your be here cigars when you call tell them that
neo-river sent you and what they will be in their pants laughing and also say be 40% call them
for each one eight hundred thirty five the year and light up and bullet smoke one eight hundred three five b a h i
a this is me a little Roger
go go go go this is five sixty two eight
thank you baby i've been standing in line for the past
hundred and forty seven days i live with my mom star wars revenge of the sick it's really awesome
and their star theater see three pioes in it as well as are to do this gonna be like saber
and even alliginic which been dead for many many years and there's other special effects oh yeah
yeah
George
Lucas is going to make nine hundred and forty two trillion dollars and twenty seven
and and the guy who is in line
ahead of me
i like that i'm playing a lot of old stuff these last three days of the week you know
why not dig out some of this old east out all i do want to play that uh what's that one
we started with yesterday when you like someone no there's two of you like the one about
don't if i oh yeah the two if you're going to go to the right you and what's the other one
about oh don't pay a fart uh i think we'll pay those aside by each seven hundred and sixty six
votes man anybody doesn't think we're getting the thousand today you are crazy you're return it
five six seven let's take a little Fourier call here okay well in this first if you i got a
fairly important pile today plus you notice i got most of my voice back well you'd like to take
a call but uh well once the listen once the if you maybe you want paying attention
to very beginning there but once i took that first one from the four hundred year old racetrack
goat that were flashing like crazy because i thought i was going to take them now catch them off guard
and at least expect it there's all whipped up about Jerry Lewis now he was all whipped up about
what we don't do the crossover anymore he was another one of those old losers old was old
toads on hand and uh in the Jerry Lewis era oh no he was old enough to be Jerry's grandpa you
kidn me he was a hundred and twenty five easy how come you are a dozer the harness raise here
when when you start hearing that crocky you know the death rattle then you know they're at least
110 years old i was afraid that was what i was starting to do but it was just that flim man it's
that post nasal grip comes from my father's side of the family actually my uncle uncle hymen
can we say that on the air hymen raw no not hymen raw hymen be helper anyway he's dead but he had a very
you know he had that as a matter of fact you know something in the movie is that's amazing
in the movie hymen raw was doing that too remember that no i don't yeah if you want i swear to
you there would be people i don't doubt it i don't doubt it listen to me it's very noticeable every
time he talks when he's talking with michael he had that maybe he was part of the family too hymen
maybe it's a hymen yeah my uncle was a really good guy give me my first dog you notice that now
that my dogs are both dead we get more conversation about especially tiny about my dogs now that they're
dead when they were alive nobody gave a crap about them but now the tiny is sleeps with the fishes now
sitting there like that wqa m hello yeah speaking of losers what happened to norm can
he's just still losing it what does that mean what happened to norma can't she still a losing it
he sent me a very emotional email and i emailed him back and because i felt sorry for her i don't
you know you're you're doing your best it ain't very good but you're doing your best now he's he's
trying to deal with impossible people the bees they're not going to change that's what i emailed him
back and that's true they're not going to change and this new management now we got he doesn't he
just doesn't respond he just stone walls that's the second time i've sent him a couple of emails
and we granted they were both a little on the cross-exile but you get exasperated i spent hour on
the phone with a guy to it uh it'll be three weeks ago friday and then they had that ridiculous
meeting last week at which norma noticed that clearance was a handsome young man and that was it
so you can understand my frustration because nothing is happening nothing is happening and i
say that's fine that's what they want great just keep paying us i say hang stays out in the morning
if they want to move them to their ass just a drop of a fuss sit on there sit on their head
and if thanks to its on you man you'll know it you'll know you've been sat on right yes you will
i think everybody ought to play hardball i mean they created this mess they screwed it all up and now
we're like we're responsible to try straight and out of form that's one of the reasons now that i'm
at least on my part for my own salvation that uh we got rid of that crossover i want to show
10 to 2 period and when a crosser when they keep backing it up to line 58 and 59 every day that's
not my idea of a crossover that's like inviting hang kind of as much as i like hang and inviting them
on as a guest every day for 10 or 15 minutes well that's not the idea of it that isn't what
it was supposed to be all about but every morning show we've ever had on this station they can't
they for whatever reason they well they have those civilating sports interviews you know
and they'd be ira and uh and uh who's the other ones Eric can i be a randy fun uh randy for all
you know these other very everybody and so they they'll just drag on and on and as a result they
can never get off the air on time so they back up remember the first team they're oh they're
gonna be two or three minutes late today remember that uh you don't remember that Tommy probably
does every damn day nice to say they have a clock in there can they tell time can somebody read them
what the time is for Christ sakes well they had a very important interview this morning and of
course if it has to do with sports it's got to be more important than this show in our lousy 9
and 10 shares every q a m hello q a m you can do it i'm positive i can smell it yeah i know
you can do it w a m hello it's chronic when's that oh is it w a m hello wonderful program
yeah see that's that death rattle i was talking about that's it sounds like Reverend shorts there is
on a way out would not be ashamed w a m hello ron with George w push yeah and thank you for
those little gas prices yeah bye bye schmuck five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
leaf arrives in singular wireless line i mean there's nobody with a brainer would say that so
that obviously was a crank call obviously a put on seven hundred and seventy five votes on the
pool let's see how the god squad is doing here with us today huh all your kids out there that are
offered a summertime don't listen to the show because your parents are get really pissed off
because there's no sandy clause no two theory and there's certainly no guide okay they're
ain't no jesus and they're ain't no Moses and they're ain't no Abraham Solomon all of us have
bubble mice these fairy tales is the Chinese like to say and they're ain't nothing like fairy tales
seven hundred and seventy five votes what's the best evidence there is no god
half the world is starving 151 yeah let him eat maybe he's like to worry answer that lady
me cake huh maybe they would like cake i can't believe you forgot that ham and rafia was doing
the alter the movie for crying out loud don't remember he was in ill health he was illan
i remember the scene in the hospital i do what a big assassin comes in the big scary guy comes in
with a pillow and he's been like suffocating and all of a sudden but i've been i do like that one
and there's no but nobody who says it like James con
the big your blood it brings all over your nice i relate to you know all the soprano's
crap which i don't watch it so maybe it's a great show i don't know well what's a great show
oh but you know when you're ripping off the godfather you just you're you're really reaching
maybe a little bit too high okay it's a reach it's not necessarily a rip off i mean it's not
like a blind man but a being but a boom come on well but a being is like a strip club that he
owns but i'm just saying like that it's not but where did that where did that come from huh what
you're gonna do nice college boy yeah they want to get mixed up in the family business and now
you want to go down a police captain want to slap you in the face a little bit and what do you
think this is the army where you shoot them a mile away you gotta get a post like this the
thing your blood it brings all over your nice side relief suit come in huh you're taking a
very first wow even the east side mario's you ever see their spots but a being but a boom see
everybody wants to rip off the godfather nobody tries but they don't come close no seven hundred
evidence there's no god there is a god hundred and forty eighteen point nine percent of you silly
people like that we know there's only you got bad things happen to good people one twenty eight well
that's just uh... you know shmit happens right look at us look what happened us here at qa m no
one is ever seen god one hundred seventeen that that ought to be good on the pole too what's the
best evidence there is no god how do we how would we word that i'll think about that you know i
say not i think joys me uh he may fill the bill on that john lennon murdered and michael boulton
lives on hundred and twelve i risk my case on that i hit this pool seventy one joys pitch thirty four
that bitch and prayer seldom gets answered thirteen eighteen well he's he's busy the lord he's
very busy got big fish to fry and speaking of fish house and regret doing whatever it was a good
guy Susan gray i'm sorry do you have any idea who that is uh... i believe i do who is that
i i don't know now that you put me on the spot i feel like i don't know that is that it's your
Alzheimer's kicking in already as you have Alzheimer's from doing too many drugs don't you remember
the guy monday kept calling in along with all the other great calls we had every two minutes
Susan gray and some of the fish stories you know which obviously nowhere he was headed but that's
beside the point i don't even know who the hell that is do you know doobalot see who Susan gray is
doing a right probably is x wife ten fifty seven at five sixty wbq what is that johnathan king
there the pool reporter on the trip to raki's got his head so far bushes and the path the ride
oh my god you talk about a shill i think this guy is doing it with anderson pooper i really believe it
if you love the finer things in life that i guarantee you love stogies my name is quintessential
cigar shop in kindle with south Florida's largest selection cigars stogies of kindle is sure to
have all your favorites stogies got over a thousand open boxes of garbage to choose from and guarantee
that have some of your favorites they're waiting for including our tour our tour of winte
pardron mardi christo roe mio and julietta and all the other top names in the cigar biz including a
large selection of premium cigars it loads out prices too as well as the obscure and hard to find
so come into stogies today enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the
finest boutique wines from around the world join stogies every friday for their wine tasting from
five to eight p.m. featuring some of the most delicious bordeaux that france has to offer you'll find
stogies at one sixteen twelve north kindle drive and stogies open every day the week seven days a
week or you can call them to reserve a box your favorite cigars call stogies at three oh five five
nine eight ninety eight twenty say hi to my rio and the girl Sandra and yawning receive a
free cigar today when you stop in the stogies or call them like I said at three oh five five nine
eight ninety eight twenty this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty two eight you can
you
research
one
three
four
five
When you're one more, when they click in the show,
Don't go as bright as the ting we've got you to take me
Because all of our monsters will play
Sing
We're living, we're living, we're living up in just all the way
Forever, we'll have you all the way
Forever, what the hell were you thinking of?
Forever, what the hell were you thinking of?
Forever, what the hell were you thinking of?
Go, and wake up the old save money
What are you doing coming up to?
You've got to do a poll on that, who is the greatest drummer of all time?
Jean Cooper, Dennis Wilson or Karen Carpenter?
Pretty tough, isn't it?
What do you laugh about?
Did you see the movie Standing in the Shadows of Motown?
Me, no. You'd like that. Do you think he'd like that?
Oh, well, yeah, he's a musician.
He's a music guy. You probably would appreciate the Motown guy.
I even if you're not that big of a Motown music.
No, I agree.
I know you're very talented.
You don't think Neil Pert deserves to be in that category?
Oh, which, by the way, I know you didn't watch it, but I've got to look it up.
I forgot the guy's name. Michael McDonald, he's the national anthem last night.
Is that right?
Is that right?
Michael McDonald.
Yeah. Is he keen to mark McDonald that drives the woodbine or Anthony McDonald?
That one, two races last night?
No.
Oh.
Who the hell is that Michael McDonald?
He said some Motown, Motown great, Michael McDonald, singing the national anthem out on.
Who will I never heard of no Michael?
There's Michael McDonald.
He was in great music as well.
Oh.
Does Michael McDonald sound like a Motown person to you?
No, he was a white guy. I'm just saying, you know, whatever.
He's the white guy with gray hair. You know who he's talking about.
They presented him that way.
Oh, that old toad. I know who that is.
Yeah.
He's an old toad.
So who cares about that?
We have 800 one votes on a poll.
And 19.1% of this audience believes there was a guide.
Oh, that is scary to me.
How would have thought that this audience by now would be way beyond that?
You know, at least elevated out of the sandbox into like kindergarten?
Come on.
Get with it.
Oh, the Lord works a million.
Oh, oh.
It goes to this intense brainwashing.
I just saw a piece on the internet, which I'm always scouring during every break.
I just saw a piece in about the Southern Baptist.
They're having their convention today.
They're deciding whether they're like really push for all the Southern Baptist to take their kids out of public school.
And like, you know, home school, I mean, I was sitting really brainwashed them
and ingrained them with stupidity and hate.
They don't want to expose them to like any minor enlightenment that they might find in public school, you know.
So they want to like boycott the public schools.
Which is probably good because what rational people want their kids to be going to school with a bunch of Southern Baptist anyway, right?
Right.
I think most people would prefer the Mormons anyway.
They're snappy dressers.
And they had that magic underwear.
And I think they wear a little bit too tight because boy, they sure are horny, the Mormons.
What?
No, you're right.
That's why they got like a lot of those polygamists out there.
They got like 75 wives and they're doing it with like their 10-year-old daughters and all this other crap.
Good for them, huh?
They wear that man.
What? Good for them? They're doing their 10-year-old daughters?
No. Good for them. They have multiple wives.
Oh.
Well, why would you say that?
None wrong with that.
Not my bag, but you know, go for it.
Boy, you are. You're a good one to talk, man.
You are such a pervert.
Oh, there's then a bash, man. Oh, God.
If anybody needs to have her head-bashed and there she is, they...
She's the shawken head on CNN.
Stand the bats on Capitol Hill.
Stand the bats.
There's Mrs. Limbaugh and you wonder why we get this to propaganda passes off for news.
Jonathan King, he's got his head coming out of W.S. Irlow.
That's how far he's in there.
Good God.
Brackdom.
Scary. W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. intellectual line. Hello.
He's going to have to do one.
That was going to be the one.
W.A.M. Hello.
Stand for a head-bass.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I ain't telling Neal about Michael McDonald's from the Dooby Bros.
Yeah, what's he got to do with Motown?
That's the guy. Yeah, they're all a great-haired guy.
Motown.
Do you think the Dooby Brothers are Motown?
Huh?
I don't know if that's right.
Is that right?
No, I don't think so.
Did you google Michael McDonald?
I'm about to.
Well, get with it, man.
Get with it.
He sure is how I'm nothing new with Motown.
There was a couple of people.
He presented him like, you know, master of Motown or whatever they said when he came out.
I'm just telling you.
Master of Motown?
Maybe that means he wants to eat it the Chintiki and Detroit or something.
Master of Motown, I asked.
I remember I can.
I don't know if he's a brother.
I know that.
He was what?
He was not one of the fun brothers that year until then.
And don't say that again, by the way.
Who's the QAM?
Hello.
Uh, a guy who stole my call.
But, you know, it's funny that...
Wait a minute.
Was Michael McDonald one of the Dooby Brothers?
Yeah, he was the main singer.
He did like, you know, old black water, people in rollin'.
Well, I'll be damned it.
He wasn't sure how old that is, how old we are.
Exactly.
I tell you he's old and gray and still up there by himself.
Well, it's nothing like the only thing that better than being old and gray has been old and gray.
Yeah, right.
So, tonight is Ann Calphe and George Carl and on Leno.
Yeah, I know.
I've been reading about that.
I'll be sure to miss that.
Thanks.
Why do all these idiots keep putting her on here, giving her airtime?
It beats a hell out of me, you know?
Because everybody will tune in because they hate her.
I wouldn't watch her for like four seconds.
You know, I'd rather pull my teeth out with no anesthetic with a pliers than watch that bitch.
That's slut.
Don't forget, rhymes with what they do on fourth down and football most of the time.
That's her.
That was a good call, man.
815 votes, man.
We're easing into 1,000.
I think today's going to be a stellar day.
It's fat flag day.
Michael McDonald was the lead singer for the Dubie Brothers.
I don't know.
Hey, what?
I'll be damned.
See, and you're poo-pooing this guy.
If you're poo-pooing it, man.
What are you talking about?
You were saying that he wasn't, that's not the guy.
I don't consider that Motown, right?
It is not, what do you mean you don't consider it Motown?
Well, thank you very much.
Okay, I'm glad that we asked your opinion.
Is that there's a doubt?
Well, then maybe the Dubie Brothers, where his white is the fallen snow.
What do they got to do with Motown?
I have no idea.
It's not even in the same era.
Okay?
Motown was in the 60s.
What were most of the Dubie Brothers?
70s, I would say.
Wouldn't you?
Yeah.
70s, 80s, even.
Dubie Brothers.
It was late 70s, yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
70s, and the 80s.
Dubie Brothers.
You know what it was on 7, man?
I played the Dubie Brothers.
And when it comes to Dubies, you go talk to the Beast.
You know, it talks to Tommy there.
Yeah, on his website, it's...
It's got to cost you a couple of things.
Classifying it as pop rock.
So it's just the people at the AAA need to get it together.
I mean, when they announced them, they said, oh, you know, great Motown singer, Michael McDonald,
or whatever.
Get out of here.
I'm telling you, you're dreaming.
Somebody had to see it, okay?
That's sad to be in a barricade, man.
And they had the audio on the...
The AAA, you're gonna miss it.
I mean, what the hell does Mickey Earens and Eris know about today in my Motown anyway?
He would know David Ruffin from a Jimmy Ruffin.
Of course, neither did I.
I keep getting them confused.
Now we're telling them, see, David Ruffin, I know his dead.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
That is a ride, would you push that, kid?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, that ain't me.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Michael McDonald's...
The Dooby Brothers had a couple singers.
He wasn't the main lead singer.
He was one of them.
He did, like, taking it to the street.
And you'll know his voice.
He went off on his own and tried his solo career.
And he just was sort of middle of the road.
A employment concert, he was just okay.
He was like a minor league Michael Bolton, I think.
Probably was a different class, though.
I was the word.
He's just okay.
He had a different...
What is it?
A different kind of like...
Kind of like very man-o-wood, a smaller schnauz.
I guess so.
But anyway, yeah, he was one of the lead singers, not V1.
But, you know, he took it to the streets.
And I guess he sort of just ended up in the middle of it, though.
But that's what happens to most of those guys.
They take it to the streets.
Right.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
The person changed, Mr. A.
Have a nice day, A.
Have they dropped the God Bless up there?
I never heard anybody here say God Bless.
Really?
Because all the guys, you know, with the signs that stand on the road, you know, when you pull off the egg.
You mean they're God Bless?
Not here.
Now that Red Skeleton said that, to them, the show Red Skeleton, before you were born.
When the Dubie brothers were singing, taking it to the streets with all the homeless, all they decrepit.
All the people who are sitting there pretending as one lady here, she sits in the same spot,
every single day for years, I've seen her.
And she never has her teeth in.
She always makes sure she leaves her teeth in a glass, fizzing at home, you know.
Well, that'll have people more sympathy.
Absolutely.
That's the idea.
I have a feeling.
Absolutely.
I mean, I think when she leaves, no, actually an expose, Ann, it's about two years ago.
They showed this one bag lady, and they showed at the end of the day.
She went to her very nicely modeled car, and they followed her, and she went to her beautiful condominium.
And she's loaded.
And that's what she does for living.
She's a panhandler.
We want you to know we got to ever credit, although I'd be honest with that good-tired of it.
The only time it's really nasty is up north, like in the wintertime here.
And then you realize who's for real, and who's just, it was fun, you know.
That girl's not there.
No, no, seriously, because when you see these poor sluppers, I sit there on cardboard on a street corner,
and it's like 14 below zero, and there's like 16 feet of snow on the ground,
then you start to wonder what's this all about, okay?
Well, that's the one shame of this place, man. There's too many homeless people.
They're always threatening they're going to do something about it, and they're going to beat Bittaboo, you know.
And you see the same, it's like they got the franchise.
You see the same people on the same corner, or in the same spot every day.
Well, maybe they know where the hot money spots are.
That's probably it.
825 votes on a pole, baby.
We are kicking some big fat, smelly kosher ass. I'll tell you that right now.
Are you going to eat food today or what?
Well, not yet, but how is this coming in?
How is this coming in? That's because Tommy is there.
Tommy says at least we can do his feed him.
He's up to 178. Don't feed him too much.
I still don't believe that. I don't know.
You want to send a picture?
No, I don't want to.
I know what you look like.
Okay, I mean, I'll leave you alone.
You don't have to put a shorter hair.
He's still got the shorter hair now?
Yeah, I have a shorter hair.
Boy, I'm totally, you look clean.
I have a gruely hair back again, man.
It was, that was bad.
Yeah, like that?
I had bad wig that Riva is wearing on Friday night.
1113 at 560 WQM.
The summer season is here, baby.
It's going to be 182 degrees in the shade pretty soon.
And that means it must be close to Father's Day.
So do something this Sunday for your father.
Sunday June 18th, this Father's Day.
And of course, every day, I'd like to have a great meal on Father's Day.
So it's time for you to call the melting pot and make a reservation for Father's Day.
And slap that along, he'll have a great time.
And of course, you will, too.
The melting pot is a fantastic, fondue restaurant.
And in addition to their famous cheese and chocolates, they serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours.
I wonder what Susan Gray thinks about that?
Hardyontries from Cedricut, Philemonia, under black and tram, Teriyaki, Surloin, pork lobster, and more.
The melting pot definitely serves serious food for serious appetites.
Nobody walks out of their hungry.
They waddle out of there with a big smile on their fat puss.
And they have an award-winning wine list to boot.
And don't forget, of course, the piece of resistance, the melting pot's famous desserts for.
You start dipping your fruits and all your other goodies in those chocolates.
It is unbelievable.
So put a smile on that face this Father's Day.
Call and make that call today and invite Dad to dip into something different and delicious at the melting pot nearest by you.
A full four-course fondue gift for Dad from you.
And don't forget to tell him that old meal since you've invited the melting pot in Kindle.
North Miami Beach Cooper City, Boca, Fort Lauderdale, and of course, how could we forget Coral Springs?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Congratulations, get a life.
Now when is in the bathroom?
That I keep the door shut?
There's no one to smell like it.
No one stands a bus.
And when he is napping, better leave him alone.
Or at you he'll be snapping, because his dad is a bone.
Dad's a bone.
Dad's a bone.
This is a dad.
This is a dad.
This is a dad.
Dad's a bone.
And when father's day comes, he'll say his presence will aim.
He'll toss it aside and ask friends to gain.
We want to tell him we love him, but he would just bone.
And he'll go bug your mother, because his dad is a bone.
Dad's a bone.
Dad's a bone.
Dad's a bone.
Dad's a bone.
Dad's a bone.
He must listen to Moja with David.
You know that?
1119 and 560 W.
The Dubib brothers, Rock Group Ford and San Jose, California, Patrick Simmons vocals and guitar, Tom Johnston vocals and guitar, Tyran Porter bass and John Harmon and Micossa Hasic drums.
Well, like Hasic was the greatest drummer of all time, Mexican Karen Carpenter and Dennis Wilson.
And Dennis Wilson, man, he sure couldn't swim to bit for a surfer, maybe his little pie-eyed.
Keith Newtson replaced Hasic in 73, Jeff Skunk, Baxter guitar, joined in 74.
Michael McDonald vocals and keyboards joined in 75, Johnston left in 78, Hartman and Baxter left in 79.
John McFee guitar, Cornita's bumpus on the sax.
Don't let Cornita's bumpus and Chef McCracken, is that a chef McCracken on the drum is drawing?
Well, he's the best drummer of all time, I think.
Do you know Phil McCracken?
Disbanded in 83, reformed in 88 with Simmons, Johnson, Porter Hasic and Bobby LaKale, a kind percussion, a kind out of Cancer in 92, at the age of 47.
First hit, listen to the music, oh I like that.
1972.
Oh Jesus is alright, oh my God, what is wrong with me for crying out loud?
If I was on top of this, where the hell is that?
Here it is.
How do you like that, huh?
Wow.
Michael McDonald lives, baby.
Long train run, trying to grow, black water, take me to your arms,
what a frivolous, take me to the streets.
Jayla's is back in the old man's, and Monica's like, run away.
Jayla's is in the old man's, and Jayla's is doing all that.
Alright.
Okay, that's enough of that.
So there you go, a little doobie brothers action.
Michael McDonald's from the Emotown times.
Did they really say that in the public didn't like have a riot or anything?
No, nobody said anything.
Well what do you expect?
You think those people there at the heat game, you think they know anything about Motown?
Those pasty white people they're watching, a bunch of 7-foot tall dark eyes play.
You think they know anything about Motown, huh?
Or the icy sleeve?
Speaking of fans rioting, Thailand.
I would say it's Bangkok, Thailand, I'm not sure we can say that.
Thai police are searching for a gunman who shot and killed two football fans at a beach resort
after complaining that they were cheering too loudly during a broadcast of Italy's World Cup opener against Ghana today.
Well actually that was yesterday but that's what the official said today.
Well it must be in the middle of, am I on the wrong channel here? Where's my damn World Cup channel?
The day it was very subtle away the tug outside the air as we saw.
We are all about, I'm talking about constipation man. Give me a guy some of my locks.
The two men both Thai's were watching Italy's two-nothing went over Ghana at a restaurant Monday at the Thai Beach Resort town of Taraya.
And erupted in wars when Italy scored its first goal, said,
Panifa, what a cool girlfriend of one of the victims.
Hey how's it going Panifa? A man seated nearby table asked him to quiet down, prompting a heated argument in which the man pulled out a handgun.
And shot the football fans at point blank range.
The victim's right in the fight is Chamolong wrong saying 30.
He was...
And Sam Nuke, Sankan 41. Well what name is those? Thai's a guy, you know?
Police know the identity of the gunman who fled after the shooting.
Thailand is never competed in the World Cup, but despite the Southeast Asian Nations foreshowing on the international football stage,
millions of fans are glued to their TVs during the World Cup and millions of dollars are spent on illegal bedding.
Wow.
But Thai about 70 miles southeast of Bangkok is known for its beaches. It's thriving sex industry and high crime rate.
How do you like that?
Hey, not a ton of download but wait a second.
Maybe they want to get gun show that Tommy's always pitching on his station.
You're gonna stop doing those or what? Those then gun show spots.
What do you mean stop?
No, no, just relax. I know you got nothing to do with it. Just putting you on the spot, aren't you embarrassed doing it?
No, I love guns.
Do you really?
No, actually I don't know the one. I'm not a big fan of guns.
No.
But you know, you're lie like the rest of us. You'll pretend you go along with the enemy.
So I get paid for it.
See Tommy at the gun show this weekend by the way folks lie. He's gonna be shooting them up.
And if you make too much noise but a bing.
I want you to watch Godfather 2 again please. I'm begging you.
Even just fast forward through it to watch Hyman Roth.
And you'll notice he does that through the whole movie.
So yeah, I can't turn those off though.
I mean once I...
Well I'll write him a little kill about five hours for it. It's long.
862 votes on a pool. What's the best evidence there is no God?
The God Squad. Oh, look at that. They're kicking ass.
None. There is a God. I'm reading 87.19.3.
There you go. You heathen bastard. They're really showing me a thing or two, aren't they?
Huh? They got me convinced. There is a God. I'm looking up in the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane.
Holy crap. It's God.
And man, is he ever ugly?
1867. And of course all the depictions of God, always you know, they're old men with a white long beard.
Kind of less like Sandy Claus when he come right down with, honey.
Yeah, it's just real skinny. He's always got that big staff, you know, that staff of life.
Like a shepherd, like those guys up there in that movie.
Kind of. They're at various mounting, you know, they were all hurting the sheep.
They were hurting each other if you asked me the way they were going at it.
But anyway, I didn't watch after that because I knew there was going to be no more rape scenes.
Remember that fact that they had? That George was right about that. That was one of the classics.
You guys all pissed off because I won't watch Shawshank Redemption.
I got it. I went out and spent my own money to buy it. I even bought the Shinvers list.
Look, I'm telling you it's a good one.
You know what song? Your Kisses on Shinvers list?
Yeah. I'm just, so I mean, so is Shinvers list, but a different kind of movie.
Yeah. But I like Shawshank a lot.
Oh God, I got it.
If I bought it, doesn't that mean that eventually I'll watch it someday?
One of these days.
When I'm really bored, terminally.
I just figured out, heck, you a little bit. I had to do that with City of God.
I mean, you see a Shawshank Redemption? Nope.
Good. You see a Shinvers list? Nope.
Good.
See, there's two of us.
Not that we're militant about it. We just have no interest, okay?
Shinvers list is about old Jews, okay? I don't want to see about old Jews.
I grew, my whole family was old Jews, okay?
Including me now, my old Jew.
What do I want to see more about old Jews?
In fact, this station is about old Jews.
So if I want to see old Jews, man, I'll go to sunrise lakes.
I don't need to watch a movie, but I'll watch it someday.
And then what would be the thing about the others that rape scene in prison
that the guy was all whipped up about? The center of that facts.
That's more of a fight. They don't show anything.
No. Oh, damn, that case, forget it. I'm taking it back for refund.
872 votes. The best evidence there is no God.
None. There is a God. Neil, 19.4% 170.
The God Squad. Crazy people.
Half the world is starving 161.
Well, God's not a very good farmer. I think that's the problem.
He's not good on the produce. Bad things happen to good people.
148. No one has ever seen God 128.
And the ones who do most of them are like stone.
Timothy Lerysaw, God.
John Lennon murdered Michael Bolton lives 126.
Karen Carpenter's dead and Gloria Stefan is still alive.
I think that's another one to send category.
I hit this poll 84. Joyce Fitz 36.
She's the epitome of the anti-Christ and the prayer seldom it's answered 19.
Let me be God doesn't answer prayer. Do you ever stop thinking about that?
Maybe we don't have the right bat line.
Call up to raise the Gordon. See if we can get the number for the bad phone.
All right. Turn the button.
Put the bat the mobile. Please. Robin.
And watch out with those tights, man. You might like to scorch yourself.
You never stop and think about that when they were random tights
and they were sliding down that poll. I sure hope they greased it like in the fire places.
I'm sure they did.
And if I had a little bat grease on there.
You think? Sure.
I was hoping that's what that was.
Guano.
Hey, audio horse racing fans and poker players.
Pomp and O Park racing and poker's got all the gamutics you want.
And something special for all the men that come out of the track this Saturday June 17 for Father's Day Eve.
All of the men willing to admit being 18 and older and believe me at Pomp and O Park,
they'll be 18 and older, believe you may.
They'll get a free entry of like to win $1,000 in betting vouchers this Saturday night.
Drugs will take place after the six and seven races.
You must be there to win.
Prizes include a $50, $100, $1,152, $500, $500, betting vouchers.
What guy you'd know who doesn't love to get some extra cash.
Plus there'll be drawings for ticket stop coming Marlon's baseball games.
So make your friends now.
Tell a white girlfriend or significant other, even your mother-in-law.
Tell them all you want to go to Pomp and O Park this Saturday for the great Father's Day Eve drawings.
Pomp and O Park is easy to get to his half mile from both 95 and the turnpike.
And best of all, Pomp and O Park offers you free admission and free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing, they're great smoke free poker room every open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
Poker gets underway at noon, like today.
Day is Wednesday, and it goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway now.
They have 7.25 p.m.
And speaking of Wednesdays, only set on dollar nights every Wednesday like today.
That's when draft beer soda hot dogs and more just a bucket of pee starting at 6 p.m.
Pomp and O harness of live South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
So the current racing schedule will go online at Pomp and O Park dot com or call 954 972 2000.
This is Neil Rodger, Markington.
This is Emory McDonald, and Anthony.
Neil Ga.
Yes, you've heard about the place of Jesus on a piece of toast, the place on a bagel, even on a potato chip.
Now you can eat like the King of Kings with a new God of Pockets,
little round taste treats with a plaky crust and the pace of God or maybe with an else in owner.
Just lay your hands on the vent pop them into toe-dove and in just minutes they are hot as hell.
You can have them for breakfast, yes, have them for communion or a heavenly midnight snack.
Also available in kosher when you smell the burning bush, you know they're ready.
Go to pockets from the mechanism of all my bites right next to the pie, a la mode in the freezer section.
See, I mean.
Oh man, let's get some of them kosher God pockets for Gary Sarner, what do you say?
That's one of my favorite.
And then we'll throw in a bacon cheeseburger, a bacon double cheeseburger just to piss him off because it's really extra trink.
Okay, here's two faces now that kind of straighten out this big controversy that Josh started.
Here's one that says you are correct.
The arena announced him meaning Michael McDonald is a motion, a Motown recording artist, PSC Sucks.
And then here's another one, Michael McDonald's last two CDs were Motown and Motown 2, which both charted well.
Is what they were referring to.
Well, thanks for straighting that out for us, okay?
Michael McDonald got about as much blue with Motown as my ass has got to do with Bui, okay?
I mean, let's get serious.
God.
There goes with that God stuff again.
I said he wants to eat no Ben Harper, Michael McDonald's.
He ain't even a Marvin Skate.
Oh, I bet you wonder how I'm doing.
I'm talking to Stan, he's in the blue.
I'll tell you what, there's another one.
Okay, so there's a movie I can actually watch every week for the rest of my life.
Not the whole thing, but like, you know, selected parts.
It was good.
They do it.
Malice, you're not.
You're a punk.
Tommy, I think, would like it though.
You wouldn't know what he was.
What?
You assume things, like, what's wrong with you?
I said I liked it a lot.
Yeah, but I think you're like trying to like suck up a little bit, you know?
Although that would be a good idea.
No, that's not your style.
That's right.
You're a hard ass.
You got that from George.
Be a hard ass.
Oh, five alarm fire at a building near Chicago.
And there's a fire truck and there's some firemen who are sliding down at Grease Pool.
Oh my God.
Man.
I noticed a paramedics in their spurred time.
I love them go over to the fire department too.
And they slide down to Grease Pool with a fireman.
Just like for practice.
885 votes on the pool.
Joke, I'm going to, I got a little material here I want to use today because now I can actually speak.
I want to apologize for yesterday.
I should have taken the day off.
I didn't realize when I sat down here that I, that flim thing was like as bad as it was.
I was pretty annoying.
Wasn't it?
Well, you've been doing that for a little bit now.
Why not?
Because I'm trying to am over this thing now.
And you hear it today at all.
Maybe just a little tiny trace.
Okay, like the classics were, which is a traces of flim.
Remember that song?
No.
See if George was there, he'd already be playing the Dubie Brothers.
So it's a good thing he's not.
Because I love the Dubie Brothers.
I just want to hear them.
But all that music.
Remember the stuff he sent me?
Yeah, you got on there.
All the Dubies are on there.
There's nothing like an iPod.
I'm going to say to you on FM radio.
You guys, you guys might as well turn your transmitters off.
In fact, why not just put us on FM?
And ditch all that crappy music and stuff for it.
We get it like a, at least get it up to a 10 share again.
Get some people on the age of 100.
You know, nobody listens to AM radio.
And now pretty soon nobody's going listen to FM radio.
Because everybody's got their MP3 player.
They're iPod.
They're a phone that, you know, although what kind of music quality do you get out of those
phones?
Are the cell phones?
Well, some of them actually go.
There's some newer ones.
Yeah.
That sound pretty good.
Same as an iPod.
Although do you really want to like hold your phone and listen to it?
Listen, music.
Every like it music off my Blackberry.
I don't want that.
And I got my iPod docking station coming on.
It's on the way.
I mean, I'm a real hipster now.
Almost as hip as.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Yeah.
You're a real ding dong daddy.
A real ding dong daddy is hip as the amor.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Now don't be pick it on Mr. Howard because he's got relatives in the area.
That was the thing.
That was good.
That was the boyfriend.
That was, you know, your buddy's boyfriend.
Joe Coniston in the New York Observer writes a shameful silence on Colters spewing.
And boy, as usual, Joe is.
Absolutely correct.
So long.
And I won't have to be clear of my throat and go like Hyman Rafa.
I'm surprised we have any calls about that.
All you Godfather experts out there.
Anybody that's seen that movie more than six, seven hundred times like I have knows that.
He's got that thing going through the whole deal there.
It's a Jewish thing.
Did you know that?
Well, first it's a Hyman thing.
And it's a Jewish thing.
Well, don't you think Hyman Rafa or aka Myrlansky?
Don't you think he might have been a little bit Jewish?
A little bit.
Yeah.
Well, it really is.
The post, like there are certain illnesses and certain diseases that are like genetic.
You know, they're like having ethnic thing to them.
You're aware of that.
I'm sure.
I guess.
Yes.
And put that whole post nasal gripping.
I think it comes from eating too much deli.
I'm serious.
Too much like cheese blinks as man.
Like it gets a...
And you always got...
See, I'm starting like myself now.
Oh God.
Where's my spittoon?
Hmm.
Boy, oh boy, it's making a comeback.
There we go.
That was for you, Joyce.
Anyway, he writes a shameful silence on coders spewing with the predictable regularity of a Locus plague.
And Cotter and her Heron Abelers had the once reputable firm of Random House.
A issue did another volume of fantastic entertainment.
Now the hard-drinking trash talking, forty-something, bachelor red.
Those are stuff as a Christian moralist and a holy battle against the liberal heathens.
That with a brimstone in the air may be the only match he's striking for a next cigarette.
But her version of Christianity turns out to be a strangely modern and convenient faith,
which encourages heaping a score on bereaved widows, very false witness against them on television,
and publicly loading over the ill-gotten profits thus attained.
Leaving behind the golden rule of the Gospels to do unto others as you would have them do to you,
she embodies a new rule of gold.
You can never be too rich, too thin, or too vicious, or too gay.
Too vicious, however, is the only way to categorize Miss Cotter's attempt at the assassination of the 9-11 widows,
known as the Jersey girls, whom she accuses of enjoying the horrific deaths of their husbands
and the World Trade Center in Furnow.
She harranz them as broads, witches, and millionaires, guilty of being self-obsessed,
and reveling in their status as celebrities while they are lionized on TV and articles about them.
Coming from an energetic publicity seeker like Miss Cotter, who still winds bitterly about her elongated cover shot in Time Magazine,
those insults of an exercise in self-parity.
She goes on to complain that the widows by telling their personal stories of loss were able to shut down their critics with sentimentality.
But that charge, too, was obviously false since she's now reaping profits in publicity by savaging them.
She's also a hypocrite, having freely brandished the name of her late friend Barbara Olsen,
tragically killed in 9-11, and then impacted her own arguments.
The truth about the Jersey girls is that they love their husbands so deeply, of course.
They and their children continue to suffer from the laws that Miss Cotter so heartlessly mocks.
The truth is that in their suffering these courageous women join with other widows and family members to demand a serious investigation of 9-11.
Together they organize research and lobby for thousands of hours to win the appointment of an independent commission against the determined political opposition of the White House.
The truth is that their success was an important victory for every American without regard to party or ideology
and a vindication of grassroots democracy, or I do like the grassroots.
The nation owes them all a debt of gratitude.
What is most disturbing about this episode is not that these women can be victimized by a brutal bully like Miss Cotter,
nor even that the mainstream media which abandoned traditional standards of fairness and decency years ago would eagerly assist her.
Oh, should we online or tonight?
That's our hideous political culture.
What is most disappointing is the object their election of the prominent politician to work so closely with the Jersey girls.
John McCain and Julie Berman, these senate sponsors of the bill that created the 9-11 commission both believed that an independent investigation was essential for reasons of honor and national security.
They both knew that they couldn't have prevailed against the White House and the Republican congressional leadership without the help of the widows.
In the fall of 2002 when their bill passed the Senate in the House, Mr. McCain acknowledged the efforts of the widows and their comrades.
I also want to put in a special word for the families he said after thanking his fellow statesmen without their unsteady support and efforts we wouldn't be where we are here today.
In the summer of 2004 when the commission's reform recommendations were debated Mr. Lieberman praised all the 9-11 families including a special announcement for the Jersey girls.
I continue to be audited and inspired by your ability to turn your personal tragedies into better public safety for the nation, said the Connecticut senator, Julie Berman.
And in the fall of 2005 when McCain needed citizen support for his worthy amendment to ban torture in the war against terrorism, the Jersey girls rallied to his cause.
He was glad enough of their support then.
But that was then and this is now.
And these two pious public citizens remained silent in the face of a malevolent attack visited on their erstwhile friends.
Both men know that it's a lie to call these women partisans or profiteers.
Both know that these women and the families they helped to lead brought honor and purpose to a legislative process that's often petty and corrupt.
Shame on the silent senators and please let's hear no more from either of them for a while about tolerance, respect and decency.
Hi, it's going to go, Joe. But you know something good article, but what does it have to do with that?
Not a good point. Can we just call Ann Colter the anti-Christ?
Yes.
Man Colter the anti-Christ would have been like big Adam Zappler. Just call her, hey, Ann.
You fair.
That's why she ends up with Miss Fudge, Birds of a Feather.
Yeah. She's a bachelor at.
Right. A skanky, nasty, dike.
Lovein' 42, 18 to the loom, but she is very attractive though.
And all this other stuff and a gangrene and listerine and Mr. Clean.
God made all of it. His wrath shall wax hot. See, God is perfect. He's omnipotent. He's omniscient. He knows everything.
So he knows ahead of time. He's going to keep screwing everything up.
Yes. And that's part of the real incentive of it. But the fact, my wrath shall wax hot.
And also in the Ten Commandments, does he say the Lord, that God is a jealous God?
You shouldn't have any other gods before me. Well, how can he be perfect?
And you can have all these human frailties. You get angry and you're jealous. See, this is just caca.
Man, even a child. A child without the brainwashing at the age of like five or six could sit down.
And you could spume a bunch of crap like this. He'd say, come on, get out of here.
If anybody that actually read the Bible doesn't think it's just a really good Greek mythology story.
It's not even good. It's disgusting. Yeah. God is giving them instructions on how to smite their enemies and kill every.
Make sure you get every one of them because, you know, if you leave one behind, that could be the bad one.
And surely, disobedient children surely shall be put to that. Then of course the guy who come along.
But that was before, what's the word they used before Jesus, you know, before salvation?
Before coming. I had a chance to get off the hook. It's like that guiding she I think we play about.
You know, surely he'll be stone, fight in the same night. That's right. It can relate to that both of you.
916 votes on a poll. I mean, the God be as list like Howard Bielsen and movie that you fell asleep.
At a time he watched network, or do I ask you that already?
Did I watch what? Network. Network. The movie. Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
I'm as mad as hell. I don't think I think it's anymore.
That's the best part. There you go. You saw it. Oh, okay. Yeah. Great. You didn't see it. Yeah.
I didn't. Oh, so what do you mean? Sir, cast is in a cut, cut back on his meat tomorrow. Okay.
All right. I'll take the rest from myself. Yeah. When Ruth Chris shows up tomorrow, cut back a little on the board.
Yeah. I didn't see American history though. That was an excellent movie. American history acts as excellent. Yes. Yes. Very good.
Great. Well, if you watch network, I think you'd enjoy it. You've been on the periphery of the radio business for a few years now.
I've never been in it, but you've been on the edge of it. No, I've been on the edge.
And of course, recently you're like getting further and further away from it, but nevertheless, wow.
I'm not lo and forget what I said, Hank, stay. I was stick with your guns, baby. Addiment. That's the that's a new attitude.
You know, when you send emails to a guy, I spent an hour on the full with this guy three weeks ago this Friday.
And the response is basically non-existent. It's claimed the famous that he's now got two people in there in the studio,
which like I said before, was like, hey, make sure the transmitter is out when he comes on. So the show can be on here.
I mean, that's not an accomplishment. That's like automatic. It's like getting out of bed in the morning.
I'm not highly impressed by such basic maneuvers, you know.
Maybe get some copy, maybe get the schedule going, maybe get certain people out of the middle of the daytime,
and people are awake and want to be entertained. I don't want to hear that kind of sound.
Maybe do any of these things would be good, but no. So that makes me, I guess, the bad guy is usual. That's okay. It's fine with me.
So I'm no longer going to even make the attempt because he's not responsive. He doesn't respond when I,
and all the points that I made, I'm not one of those people that's looking for a problem.
I got a great deal going here. Life is sweet. Sneaked out and went to Woodbine last night and got most of my money back after a rough start.
What? I lost about 300 bucks last night. Do you know what a wonderful night that is?
I had four hours of entertainment. I had 500 on the wheel and later on I was losing my ass and I had a thousand on the wheel.
I got a whole bunch of spins after that. And the cashed out of there, I lost 300 bucks.
I feel like you always say that I won most of my money back after losing my ass.
That's right. I got most of it back. I feel like none of your gambling experience.
You go, you lose your ass. That is great. Most of the time you spend trying to get your money back.
That's right. Which is frustrating. But then, see, that's part of the psychology of it.
Then when you do get on those rare occasions, when you do get most of all your money back or actually wind up winning at the end,
then you feel like you want to make it in bucks, see? When you've been struggling for hours to try to get your money back.
That's the way they get you. And you walk out of the thing and, wow! I lost 300 bucks. I had a great time tonight.
I'm not complaining. You don't hear me bitching about it. Nobody forced me to go. Nobody has told me it'd done point saying,
you go there and go to the ATM and pull out every dime you got. I do whatever it is I want. Like I started to say before you interrupted me there.
The only problem being that we've got people there who are just don't, they have no, noach monisman. They just don't understand life. They don't get it.
This is a radio show. And even with the crocky and all the other stuff, not to pat myself out of the back,
but generally speaking, if I'm capable, if I'm not like dying over here, I show up on I'm supposed to, you know?
I'm those 40 days a year when I'm supposed to work. I show up. Is that correct? That is correct sir.
How many six days have I had since you've been working the show? Maybe two? Yeah, probably two, three. Maybe.
So I show up on I'm supposed to. That's the best I can expect. And try to put my best, my big fat foot forward every day, you know?
And what's their response? Oh, gee, he's making trouble again. And we're getting more emails. And he's like, I'm not, not that I'm hearing that.
But you just know that's what's going on. You know, because they don't want that. They don't want anybody who's got like going to request or demand or scream and horror that they behave themselves like professional broadcancers.
Like do something that makes them sense as opposed to continuing to be great and humiliated. And like I said, who cares? We'll take the money.
If they don't care, why should we? Is that correct? Yeah.
If they don't dare to be great like Glent Turner with a hair lift, then why the hell should we give a crap? If this is their idea of broadcasting, hey, look at us.
They're going to go to and hey, put a lot more spots on here, man. Don't worry about the copy. Don't worry about the client. Just put a lot more spots on hope that they'll pay you someday.
925 votes on a pool, man. Well, it eased into a thousand real easy to it. And not like yesterday when we had that phenomenal total.
That's because we had a pretty good head start yesterday when we still did way over 60 and every voice on the mid run in the middle of the summertime.
No less here on fact flag day. We got Kelly at two.
Man dog at four. Oh, right. We have believed me a breath of fresh here. It always is. But more so than usual following.
Marlon's on deck at 630. The Marlon's host of braves again. You read how Marlon 6,940. I looked it up in a box.
Short, I was the announced attendance for last night's game for their 4-1 win over the braves. So your fan three. Three people read.
Two of whom were braves fans. So that they'll leave too much. Well, you know, the heat we're playing last night. They had that scintillating come back.
Why don't anybody care about your Florida Marlins, you know, when they can listen to it on the radio and hear these scintillating sounds of Dave Ann boring and the Marlins win the world series.
And then he came after the baseball again. 1156. We got plenty of time to take a Zidane calls today. We're going to get a lot of stuff going.
You got a lot of accomplished today. You believe me? No. Well, too bad. Well, look at that. I'm already an hour ahead of myself.
I just threw away the page from last hour. It's like totally 1156 here. Not that I'm in a hurry or anything like that. What? Is it to you? I don't know.
I'm certainly not going to go out there. It's not Woodbine Wednesday for me. I already did. I did Woodbine Wednesday on Tuesday. That's enough.
I don't have to tie any over to like it back from my World Cup tour. We were that I'm going on a World Cup tour.
That's what I heard. Yeah. Not going to the game is but I'm going on a big tour. Four minutes till noon a QA.
Sometimes it's the things you can't see that are dangerous for you. You know, you can see that spider is a crawls up your leg.
You can see Joe Bell as he waddles into the studio with a big smile on his face. But in your carpets is all kinds of nasty stuff that you can't see with an naked eye.
That's why you need to call dry concepts. They've been in South Florida doing it right for over 28 years and my homes for over 21 years.
When you dry clean your carpets with dry concepts, you really can clean today, entertain the night because they're drying a couple of hours.
And it looks like you had brand new lead right there on your floor. Your carpets stay cleaner longer. There's no sticky residue left behind.
And they last longer too. And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, you know, you can have a lot of happy company too.
And don't forget dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration. Keep that in mind all during hurricane and storm season.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not days. And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's got to be.
And to top it all off, dry concepts is a state of the art. Or you have a work cleaning plant, the only one in town on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area rugs looking brand new.
And don't forget to give your written guaranteed price upfront no matter what job you have you do for them.
So there's no rip off. No scams. Just a fabulous job. It's guaranteed every time.
So do yourself a big favor and date. Broward of the Palm Beach is called dry concepts and 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 around the web.
Dry Concepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 am.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M.
This is the truth before he's done.
He's been a shower with his son.
He versus I was the White House's table.
More in the Christians who know what's best, more you and me.
A bit of all that you need.
He will sing the song before another word to me.
He is the only body here.
Please sing the song to me.
For this gentleman I go home.
He's got a style I've been long and can't pay why.
Abraham of the Sin.
And come.
The gunman who killed six people in himself at a raid party was likely the author of a letter that complains about the rave scene.
And says in part this hippie stuff has to end.
That's what his notes said.
This hippie stuff has to end.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Yes sir.
First he goes to the gun show.
I have a file.
They packed in there and they're having sex.
I've got to do something about it.
These people are screwing up the world.
The one page letter was addressed to Kane, the name of Huff's twin brother, and signed from Kyle.
The Washington State Patrol said yesterday it was a highly probable a Kyle Huff wrote the letter which was found April 24 by a resident going through his trash and the same apartment complex where Huff lived.
A resident going through his trash, or his trash, or maybe a Kyle's.
Experts at the state crime lab compared to writing on items belonging to Huff.
The letter was written on the back of a memo that had been sent out to apartment residents March 23rd, two days before the killings.
Police have said Kane Huff was not a word letter until they showed it to him.
It begins, I hope that you'll find this letter after the fact.
Don't let the police rap where I keep you from having it.
This is my last wish.
Having spelled HAV-E-I-N-G.
His aim was good, his spelling, less good.
Don't kick yourself more on the letter continues.
That's the last thing I want to happen.
I hate leaving you by yourself, but this is something I feel I have to do.
My life would always feel incomplete otherwise.
The brothers had moved to Seattle from Whitefish Montana.
See that? Whitefish Montana?
Anybody nearby you who moved in from Whitefish Montana, I get them.
I feel they be you. That's my suggestion.
Okay, very suspicious people.
Is there a spider on my leg? Or is that just in my hallucinity?
Yeah, your hallucinity.
I don't know.
949 votes on a pool.
19. We're almost up to 20% of the God Squad.
All right. There is a God.
109. I'm 949 votes.
19.9%.
Aren't you shocked?
Yeah.
Although keep in mind that if you go out on the streets,
pull after pull in the U.S.
Not in Western Europe or in civilized places like here,
but in the U.S. they take these pools.
Do you believe in a God and 80-90% say,
of course.
Because they're scared.
They're afraid to say, oh, only silly people talk such crap.
Speaking of talking crap, Democratic House and Senate leaders
have found a reason to cross the student loans and prescription drugs.
Raise the minimum weight and launch an effort to develop alternative fuels
if they went back into a Congress.
Oh, there's your buddy Bush with that Maliki guy again in Iraq.
In itself, government itself and defender.
There's that picture again.
And Maliki is say, whatever's name is, who is this guy?
Who is this Bozo?
In fact, he probably speaks English better than Bush.
An interview with the U.S. Senate day House Minority Leader,
the anxious Nancy Pelosi, previously new direction for America platform,
hammered out by Democratic members of Congress, mayors and governors.
She and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid are formally unveiling the plan today.
And that great, they're going to unveil a statue.
It's going to have two big boobs on it.
And then they're going to bring back John Ascroft to cover it up.
All right.
With pink lace.
Don't you think we ought to take a bunch of calls now?
We've been a little remiss on that.
Is that the matter?
Going through with the draw here.
Is lunch there?
Oh, we ate it already.
You ate already?
I'm hungry.
We ate it already.
We ate it already.
That is pretty impressed.
I can usually hear you when George is cracking his knuckles.
I think he does that just to aggravate.
Yeah.
Well, he leaves the mic on the whole time.
Oh, does he really?
Yeah.
Oh, that's why he keeps saying those f***ing things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 and leave a rising and singular wireless on.
In other words, you don't.
Is that what you're saying?
You only open it when you have something to say?
Not when I eat.
No, I leave it on when I'm in here.
Well, seeing that room is probably better I need to leave it on,
because then at least you'll know what's going to be on,
because I'm not really sure whether they ever bothered fixing those lights or the stuff like that.
It's amazing here.
I mean, well, I'm getting me a digital camera here very soon.
And when I get it, I'm going to start taking pictures of my nice little studio.
And you're going to be really jealous.
You should.
You're going to say, well, it looks like a real radio studio.
And everything seems to work in there really well, too.
And look at that neat little computer near Scott, that little HP, the small one.
Have you seen these?
Well, yeah.
I mean, I don't know what you're looking for.
You can't even model, yeah.
Well, I'm just telling you, it's small, man.
It's a size like a bread box, practically.
And it's as fast as lightning.
And does everything you could possibly do an in-sum?
Aren't you impressed?
Not really.
I sure like it.
What do you mean not really?
No, no, it's great.
I'm sure.
I mean, those big old clunky computers, man.
It's like, what did it call those first ones?
Not a radio vac.
That's a battery.
What the hell did they call them?
Something vac.
A thousand years ago.
They used to take up like a whole room.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
How long is it predict?
WQAM.
Hello.
Okay, that's good.
See, that was good timing on that one.
How do you notice that the quality of that dial tone?
It sounded a little bit under shaky side to me.
56070560,
pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
I think you did have a point though when it came right down to it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Affineo.
Yes, sir.
I can't believe that they're going out the battery bonds the way they're going.
But they're going to wreck this guy, bushes.
Great.
Yeah, off the hook.
Yeah.
Who's got a bigger ass?
Very bonds are Carl Rove.
Carl Rove is all ass if he asks me.
There you go.
Yeah.
Oh, good thing.
It looks like a closet case to me.
Do I know he had a wife or he's got a wife?
That doesn't convince me.
You know, Tom Cruise has got a wife too.
You're fair.
Yeah, Matt Damon's got a wife.
Everybody's got a wife.
He's the end thing now.
Although I and colder don't have a husband or a boyfriend.
She's married to her hate.
And Miss Fudge?
How's Miss Fudge's lady friend doing?
You know who his lady friend is, don't you?
He's fine to the same.
It's Miss colder.
Man.
Yeah, that man colder.
That's right.
All these self-hating fags, man.
It's just a really scary thing.
I like Joe McCarthy.
No wonder we're going through all this repression in McCarthy or all over again.
Self-hating fags.
Where's Roy Cohn when we need him?
Where's Marty Cohn when we need him?
Where he's sure that his complexion was almost as bad as Wayne.
Not quite, almost.
And when James Woods played him in a movie, boy.
When you see James Woods, all I think about is that scene in Once Upon a Time in America
where he's in the garbage truck at the end and the zits are popping out.
Have you seen that one?
Once Upon a Time in America?
No, I don't believe so.
Oh, I won't even waste my time asking Tommy.
No, I think I did.
Did you?
I can't remember, but I think I did.
Oh, wait.
What am I talking about?
Yeah.
The Roberts and Eero?
Yeah, I saw that.
And Brian Bloom.
Yeah, I saw that.
And the noodles.
It was good.
And the Washington Cougal.
Oh, man, I do love the Washington Cougal.
70QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
70QAM, hello.
QAM.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, caller.
You were talking about God.
You know, he came here for one reason.
Yeah, I know.
To hear what you.
5, 6, 7, 8.
He almost sounded like a real caller there for a second.
Didn't he at the beginning?
At the first second.
When his voice dropped just about like a quarter of an octave.
And then all of a sudden, when his voice friends start pinching it.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
For a little pinch between your cheek and gum, what I said, uh,
charmed the back again.
I'm a little confused about that article, but people get cancer.
They get tongue cancer or lip cancer from that charmed tobacco.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, absolutely.
What that was that article about?
I don't get it.
And I had some nerve to read that anyway.
32 YM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm going to find this American fly right now.
So, because that's the legal war, how's that?
Okay, go ahead.
Have a good time, man.
Okay.
Are these good or what?
These aren't as good as yesterday and Monday.
So far.
Today I'm giving like about a four and a half out of scale, 75.
Monday and yesterday, I'm trying to think.
Yesterday goes okay.
Monday.
The Monday was great.
Monday was really, and it's hard to match that.
When you put on a performance like you guys did on Monday.
It's hard to do it again, you know.
32 YM, hello.
Hello.
Brian Wilson or Cara Dennis Wilson or Karen Harper, what do you say?
QIM.
You know, they're on there on the other end, but they just can't handle it.
Can you do a QIM, hello?
Yeah, hi.
Yes.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just stay on hold.
You can stay on hold.
You can talk now because you're on the air.
I mean, you want to stay on hold.
I'm good.
Oh, speaking to me.
So you're listening to the radio.
Which is a bad mistake.
Although we're glad somebody is.
That's good.
Okay.
Listen, I agree about 90% of everything you say.
But you know, why do you bring up this Ann Colter?
That's an evil woman.
You've just given her credit by talking about her.
Oh, and so the fact that the media's got her on airy show.
She's even on the, the, the, the, the Sesame Street now.
She's on airy show selling her book in Pendlin or BS.
And so I shouldn't sit here and rip her an ass.
Well, guess what?
I'm going to continue doing it.
Like I'm on the one responsible for giving her all this publicity.
She's on Leno tonight.
She was on the day show.
And by the way, it's Matt Lauer with the interviews.
It's tonight with Brittany.
I think it's tonight.
Well, I'm sure that'll be great.
Where she breaks down.
Oh, don't think I understand what people are.
Yeah.
And looking at her and that and the clips they've been showing the previews.
Mm-hmm.
No wonder that most American men are off her ass.
Which by the way, I think I also read that Ann Colter will be on Leno with George Carling.
Right.
And you know, when I still ain't going to watch it, how do you like that?
It's much of the dollar, George Carling.
I wonder if Joyce knows George Carling's going to be on.
And guess what?
Joyce is going to say all seven words on it.
How do you like that?
You bitch.
And that's going to be one of them.
He's going to say the word that rhymes with what they do on fourth down and flip on most of the time.
And that's what you are, Joyce.
In fact, he ever seen Joyce and mancoater together?
Same person.
Same bitch.
See, this is what we work for.
We work.
And just like I still, I don't think Tommy's ever going to recover from that aspect, you know what I mean?
No.
I'm shocked.
You know, he's still suffering from shock.
He needs therapy.
He's a lobotomy after he finds out the kind of repression it's going on.
And our general manager, well, he's ringing his hands and he's talking with clearance.
And they're, oh, we got to keep our jobs.
And Joyce says, this is it.
My God.
No wonder he doesn't respond to my emails.
Okay, because they have to do with radio.
They have to do with his business.
They have to do with what we're trying to do here every day.
Besides just smiling everybody and make nice.
You know, there's one kind of people that I can't stand.
I hate to say this because when this guy came in, I welcomed him with open arms and legs.
I thought he's going to be a big improvement.
I can't stand, make nice therapy.
You know what I'm talking about?
He's got pet every pet everybody on the head and may, you know, everything will be fine.
Yeah, I can't handle that.
That is so lame, man.
That is so smooth.
1214, by the way, if I ever hear that song again, if I ever see Rob Thomas again or Santana, I'm going to shoot him both.
I'm going to go to that gun show that Tommy keeps plugging.
I'm going to plug both of them.
No, then you'll, if I hear it again, if I ever hear that song one more time, one more time.
If you have a business that needs to get customers away from the competition, here's the perfect business partner for you.
Pub said printing a design.
Pub said can design and print everything you need new arsenal.
Just look at the display booth they made about me on our website, way down there at the bottom of the page, right below.
Or see even more of their phenomenal work at Pub said sf.com.
Pub said can print everything from business cards to banners, post it to their, especially, trade your boots and displays.
Pub said design and printing the very best for over 14 years.
And Pub said can handle it all in house too.
Call them at 954.
9, what is it?
Give that number right.
954 is 772, 7275.
I think that's what I said.
954, 772727275.
Go to your Etsy for yourself on their website, pubsettssf.com.
Look your best and get those new customers.
It's your business and it's Pub said business to make you look fabulous.
Call 954, 7727275 or go to pubsettssf.com.
And look for my ugly picture on your building on Dixie Highway to have North of Commercial.
Choose the very best Pub said printing and design.
Call them at 954, 7727275.
This is the new Rogers.
This is 560 Q.A.
You get a lot of big.
If you ride your son's sports hall radio WQ.A.L.
Oh!
Ah!
Oh!
Ah!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Absolutely.
The sound of a fart, you'll be in trouble with the piece we planned.
Woo!
Woo!
Don't play a part.
You see you want to get married?
Well, let me give you some advice.
If you want to be a horny brother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman your wife, but from nine years old.
Really, I love you.
Yeah, that shits us to marry you.
If you want to be a horny brother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman your wife, but from nine years old.
Really, I love you.
You should never marry a Jew.
A Jew is swipers like a curse.
I can't think of anything else.
All she ever wants to do is shop.
Take your credit card and never stop.
Show no interest at all in sex.
She only cares about your picture.
You are never gonna get laid.
You'll regret the commitment to me.
If you want to be a horny brother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman your wife, but from nine years old.
Always make a Jewish woman your wife, but from nine years old.
Really, I love you.
Yeah, that shits us to marry you.
If you want to be a horny brother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman your wife, but from nine years old.
You should never marry a Jew.
When your honeymoon is finally through,
there are things she's never gonna do.
If you only care about her name, then here,
you're gonna have to get it.
And I've got a bit about what's down there.
You are gonna feel like a smug,
because you're never gonna get used.
Find out how it feels to be.
I turn a leaf, breakfast, and severed their seeds.
If you want to be a horny brother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman your wife, but from nine years old.
Really, I love you.
Yeah, that shits us to marry you.
If you want to be a horny brother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman your wife, but from nine years old.
You should never marry a Jew.
In other words, jeffy don't mean happy.
It's 1222-560 WDQ-AN.
985 votes by the bottom of the hour.
We'll have about 1,000 votes then.
We can all take a deep breath.
Exhale, just lay back.
Just kick back ancient style.
5667, I want to take a whole bunch of calls between now and two.
Although I do want to get to that story about FEMA,
and about all that money that they spend as much as a billion dollars
on vacations, pornography, sex changes,
divorce laws, all the kinds of crap.
You see that story?
Yeah, that's your tax money, hard at work, man.
I say it's time for another revolution, baby.
No more taxation without representation.
Let's have another party in the tea room.
What do you say?
Yeah, that'll happen.
Yeah, especially with this bunch of Americans we got today, man.
Like that.
As implied, like silly putty, mostly the silly part.
And we got that story that I'm doing with Geno's.
Geno's with the guy with the speaking lace guy.
Okay.
FEMA on there the other day with this tattoo is,
what a, oh man, what a slimy guy.
Why don't you just come right out and say,
I don't like people most speaking lace.
Why don't you come right out and say that, man.
What's the guy's name?
Joi Vento.
Any guy named Joi, I'm always very suspicious about that.
Well, according to him, he's helping the people.
Yeah, right.
Cheese steak.
Yeah, they run cheese steak this week next week
and learn something else, like up your ass.
You bigoted piece of crap.
And by the way, them tattoos look really schmutzzy, man.
Nothing like going into a wettie rey,
and I realize it's a very popular place,
but nothing like going into an eating place
and then the owner or the help look,
are like all grimy and tattooed and like long, stringy here.
You know what I'm saying?
And I feel like not to advertise it,
but I'm saying.
Not to clean.
Right.
Unclean.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60, leave a riot and sing it a riot of slime.
The greatest drummer of all time,
Dennis Wilson, or Karen Carpenter,
or maybe the greatest singer of all time,
Michael Wackelson's name again?
McDonald.
Yeah, he's the greatest drummer.
I know who that is now.
The more I think about it, I do know,
but I've been trying for years to forget.
WDQAM, hello.
Show us so much back.
Yeah, okay, great. WDQAM, hello.
Not there.
Oh, they must be joined at the hip with the phone again.
QAM, hello.
This is off the street again.
Yeah, I'm sitting on the side of the road here
and I was waiting all along.
Let me just take care of this.
Hold on.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60, leave a riot and sing it.
Let's get some new nuts, okay?
Not the old nuts, even a squirrel would like some new nuts.
Very old and stale, man.
Just like this radio station, old and stale,
like our copy.
Oh, my God.
When's that new traffic person going to start
with a right in the copy, the continuity guy, or gal?
Oh, coming soon, I'm sure.
Yeah, another lie.
Oh, well, we're going to hire somebody to write copy.
Yeah, yeah.
I remember Jones, at least, they'll get him off the phone anyway.
Give him something to do.
Alright, that's fine.
In fact, you know something probably being improvement.
WDQAM, hello.
Take the hammer off the morning.
Oh, okay.
That sounded like a directive.
Take the hammer off the mornings.
Like the puts a lotion in the basket.
Take the hammer off the mornings.
No, I think you ought to stay right there.
I think he's doing a fine job.
Don't you?
What do you think?
Tommy, yesterday, started to give us his programming suggestion
for a new lineup, and I interrupted you.
You never finished.
What do you think it all is sports off the air?
Yeah, put George on the morning.
Put George on the morning.
I'll stay right here for a while.
I want to be right there.
And then, Doug, to maybe five, Hank, five to eight.
Right.
Kill the sports.
And you know, you run it up with Eddie Kay, the big O overnight.
You're good to go.
Well, wait a minute.
Eddie came to big O overnight, and I don't understand.
You just got to say, kill all the sports.
Well, you know, you can let you guys talk about sports,
but kill all the teams.
I don't want to talk about sports.
Yeah, but that's like later after the news, you know.
Oh, lately I've known you ready for sports.
Yeah, let Matt, Doug talk sports and, hey,
but the mornings, and I said that,
and we'll talk about the booby bars and food and booze
and stuff like that.
I can't say booby.
I can't say a tooty.
I mean, a tooty.
Nothing like a hot tooty, especially on a cold winter day.
Look at the way those phones are, man.
Too bad we got to take this break now.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6.2.8.
We don't have any national guards there,
because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
That's the National Guard.
Pardon?
That's the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
That there's no National Guard.
No.
So you're at eightliest, completely rooted in science.
So with no beliefs outside of what you can see,
with your own two eyes.
Well, then, chances are that the Old Testament didn't do it for you.
And neither did the New World.
So with the Lord's final attempt to bring your sorry ass around,
check out the latest book from God, entitled,
Screw You To You, Ungrateful Little Baster.
Start off in chapter 1 with,
Who do you think caused the flood that wiped out your house last week?
Then move on to such later chapters as,
Step outside, I bear you.
And drop to your knees and pray,
or those hemorrhoids will never go away.
It's Screw You To You Ungrateful Little Baster.
The latest release from God.
It's better than the Book of Mormon,
Better Than the Torah,
and the Bible Combined by Yours Today.
Yeah, I'm busy.
I'm trying to like download these new Microsoft security updates
didn't you install me yesterday?
No.
Well, what do you mean no?
They just came out yesterday.
What is wrong with you?
I'll have to get updated.
Let's see.
Right click the Internet Explorer Information Bar.
It's a bit of a bit, but a bit, but I don't have time for that now.
I'll do it after the show.
Hey, you better get with it.
I guess how many votes we got boys and girls?
Awww!
Thousand.
Sweet.
And that's sweet.
Don't forget to download that gossip bar too.
Oh yeah, man, I'm going to be really busy, man.
You believe me?
I'm going to lunch is what I'm doing.
I'm going to buy a lunch because it's Wednesday, man.
It's made day.
Not made day.
It's made day.
What are we doing for lunch today?
I don't know.
What are we doing for lunch?
You already had your lunch.
Do I, do I, do I report on lunch?
What I'm doing?
You know, usually tell us when you're going to hit like Taco Bell or something.
I don't, I don't hit Taco Bell.
One time I went to Taco Bell was like to make that pasta my, uh,
what's your own, a couple of times?
Greenfields pasta.
No, once.
That changed my mind a second time.
Too lazy.
It was good.
Get that breeder's a premon.
I smear that instead of that pasta sauce on there on my low-carb pasta.
Man, it was good.
Can't do that today though.
Although maybe later on, maybe I'll postpone it.
What do you think?
Hmm.
After the maid leaves.
Why, I can't come home and cook while a maid is in your clean in the house.
You crazy or what?
Do you have a maid that comes and cleans your house?
Oh, yeah.
Wait until they drop those two 500 pound bombs on your house, man.
And you're really going to need a maid.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
One thing I want to make very clear to you, okay, no matter what you believe,
there's something very important I want to say right now.
Okay.
And that is your government will never ever lie to you, okay?
Believe everything they say.
Believe everything the military says.
Believe everything your president says.
And by all means, believe everything that Carl Rose says.
And, and of course, all of these things.
5, 6, 7, come on.
Let's get these calls going.
I'm going to have to talk about that guy with Gina when his,
what's the tattoos and his sub sandwiches.
Town 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
We got Gildi at 2.
Talk about that.
Fantastic.
That's what they're upset about.
We're not making enough about that big comeback last night by your minor heat.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Yes.
5, 60, just QAM.
Hello.
5, 60, QAM.
Yes.
Can I pick a NeoRodges?
Let me ask you something.
Are you, what do you want today?
You're like on a heavy medication or something?
Who am I talking to?
NeoRodges.
NeoRodges, right?
Yeah.
Good luck.
Yeah.
We're talking about antelope.
Just, where is this?
Let me ask you, what, what, what year was it you celebrated your 100th birthday, sir?
Am I talking to NeoRodges?
Yes.
Do you remember you had a gold retriever?
Yes.
Did you replace him?
Replace him with what?
A statue?
What did he mean that I replaced him?
The restore.
No, I did not replace him with another dog.
He was irreplaceable.
I have, I got a number one out.
Six, six years old.
Well, congratulations.
I'm real happy to hear it.
Oh my god.
I told you, man.
I told you, man.
You are a special track.
You were talking about right there.
Now, this guy is the grandfather that they did beat from the track.
That first guy that we had at the 10, whatever the hell it was this morning, this is his grandpa.
He's got a golden reach.
He was.
That's the best dog, by the way.
Anybody out there doubts me.
I'm telling you right now.
I love most dogs.
Not all of them.
I sure don't like pit bulls.
Oh, sorry, Josh.
No, some of them are okay.
It all depends on how they're trained.
It depends on the owner.
The owner is a lunatic and he wants them to be vicious and mean.
And they're going to be vicious and mean.
Right.
The owner is just a fine, upstanding human being.
And I guess it's possible.
Unlikely, but it's possible they could be okay.
Because they've been bred for centuries now to be vicious and mean and latch on and bite on and just hang on and relentlessly, you know, like that.
Don't blame the dogs for that, though.
Well, no, but nevertheless that's what they are.
Okay, that's like saying don't blame the Israelis that are killing innocent children there in the Gaza Strip.
By the way, anybody ever see Gaza Strip?
You know, I'm going to say it again.
The solution is very easy.
I know it gets a lot of people very uneasy, especially some of our Jewish friends out there who like feel that they're Zionist.
That's for whatever reason that is.
I have no idea.
Because, you know, I keep seeing these stories on the Middle East and they show these Israelis on there.
I never met any Jews like that.
I don't know any Jews like that.
You know what I mean?
They don't represent anything that I can relate to as being Jewish.
I just don't understand it.
So I still say that, you know, I mean, if the rational people want to get out of there, give about ten minutes notice.
And then after that we just nuke all the countries in the Middle East.
But would the world be a much better place than or what?
Probably.
You don't think that would work?
And we're talking of course about those small nukes where everybody gets lightly killed.
You know, like I said yesterday, lightly killed.
As opposed to the big nukes where it's like, oh my god.
I think that's what happened to Abu Al-Massab al-Zakawi that lightly killed.
But it was two 500-pound bombs.
WKYM, hello.
Oh, that guy was old.
WKYM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hello, that's Dr. Miel.
Speaking.
Hello?
Hello.
Hello.
Wow, they just can't handle it, man.
They're coming a part of the scenes.
70 QAM, hello.
I think that's what happened to me.
QAM.
I'm always there, Kawa.
You got lightly killed.
See, and they got the radio's cranked way up there.
Hey, Miel.
Yes, sir.
Whoever gave you that report about 60, you got the money gain.
It's all the blame and lies.
You got me more than three.
You got me more than three.
Give me a report about what?
What was he saying?
Did you understand it?
Where did he say it?
Not a word.
OK, good.
70 QAM, hello.
On living days.
Yeah, they're coming to get you, too.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, I speak up pitfalls.
We used to tie him to a...
Yeah, OK, yeah.
You want to be tied, OK?
In fact, there is the guy that's the pitful oughta be turned loose on, right there.
That would be awesome.
Yeah, in fact, if you could train your pitbull and he'd be my favorite dog in the world,
if you could train your pitbull and he'd be my favorite dog in the world.
If you could train your pitbull and he'd be my favorite dog in the world, if you could train him.
I've never really seen him before.
He's been in a pitbull for a long time.
Yeah, they're going to get you right outside Pompeo Park, baby.
I'll tell you that right now.
Better watch out in the parking lot.
Josh is going to be there with his mean nasty ass dog.
567-0560.
God, admit this is a little bit different today.
Every one of these is different.
No, it would be a good word for it differently.
Oh, yes.
I'm loving it.
I actually can speak today, too, which helps.
Now, let's see.
Tomorrow and Friday will be here the whole end of tomorrow's Ruth Christy.
Oh.
Maybe that's what I'll do today.
I'll go out for a steak.
Mmm.
They've got a fabulous Ruth Christy here in the Hilton Hotel.
Downtown.
You still do the Omaha steaks?
Mmm.
No.
They're not like they used to be.
It's a nice stuff.
I get my broadwurst from Omaha steaks, though.
I get those shipped.
I like their filet menu and it's really good.
Omaha steaks?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
And their hamburger's aren't you bad?
Yeah, okay.
It's just a little right there.
Plantation right by the way out there in plantation.
Off at university?
That's correct.
In fact, you know what else is in that same strip of the fountain shops there?
Tell me.
A doggy place.
The puppy palace.
I haven't been there.
Well, don't.
I mean, do you have a dog?
No, I don't.
Okay.
Do you like dogs?
Eh.
Oh.
Well, forget about you then.
But anybody else that likes it.
No, anybody that likes dogs that doesn't want to get another one because they're a pain in the ass in real nuisance.
And you have to put a lot of work in.
Don't go near there.
Oh, you know what else is in that strip shopping center?
Is that two days?
Is that the name of it?
Yes.
Oh, I love that place.
Have you been there yet?
Yeah, I told you.
It's good.
Oh, that's right.
And even George, you know, I've got some pre-besar, I think.
That's a great place.
Two days.
In fact, once upon a time, I think I finally smit-canned it.
No, I still got it.
All right.
I got the menu.
Where the hell did this come from?
I guess I took it.
How did you find it that quick?
What do you mean by that?
It's like a godfather cuts.
It's magic.
It's magic.
No, because I have it on the bottom of my mouth.
See, one thing about me, Mr. I'm organized.
You know what I mean?
I know my organs.
Okay, I'm organized.
I've seen a few in my time.
So, anyway, here's the two J's menu.
And here's the dinner on phrase.
The belly classic combinations.
All the sandwiches.
Man, they got good stuff.
They got good soups.
They got your mots of balls soup.
Trying to remember, oh, and I had, oh, and they don't,
this isn't even a breakfast menu.
They got all the melts on there and stuff.
They got chicken on the seat.
And cheese on the seat.
Like, doles, you still have cheese on the seat.
But I had a, I'm, it was the best, I'm what I ever had in my life.
It was like the work, pseudo, I had everything in there.
But the kitchen sink.
Man, it was good.
Yeah, two J's gets my eight million time recommendation.
It's a fantastic place.
And then when you're done picking out a two J's,
go next door and pick out a little zoolog.
And then you can take your dog and everything.
Sniff around some of the meats there at Omaha Stakes.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Yeah, it would be.
Take your dog and there to sniff around a little meat.
12.41 at 5.60 QAM.
This is meal Roger.
Oh, this is 5.60 QAM.
Hey, butt heads.
It's the one to two hours.
See how far ahead of myself, how?
I'm already 50 minutes.
Hey, it's just going to, okay.
So it's just going to be a little closer than I'm in the United States.
Okay.
It's my must stay the full whim of the dress.
I know the few girls who thought they were pretty high.
But Bill, he's here to tell you that girl.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and rip boy pants.
But when they looked at me, they were under much higher.
So Paul Jones, you got a new nose.
Not no, I'm impressed with him much.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch, then they'll get me wrong.
Well, I'll bring you alright.
But never give me one, then I'll mail it all for life.
Let no one impress me much.
What's no longer, Joey?
I think you remember this one.
She had a tape recorder, but she kept on her phone.
And after she had staked, she would bury the mom.
She got herself some life, oh, and a tummy tuck.
But she still has a way ever, hot and putt.
Well, I'll bring you some life, oh, and a tummy tuck.
So when the trip got some surgery, that girl impressed me much.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch, then they'll get me wrong.
Yeah, I'll bring you alright.
But never give me one, then I'll mail it all for life.
But never impress me much.
I forgot everybody.
Yeah, I bought this next one.
A big chunky girl with a purple bright.
That damn gap dress nearly put me away.
Well, secret meetings in my car ignore.
I could have told Wil Chamberlain about a score.
Whoa, Jayce, Jayce, Jayce, Jayce.
Whoa, Jayce, Jayce, something else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds, that no impressed me much.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch, then they'll get me wrong.
Well, I'll bring you alright.
But never give me one, then I'll mail it all for life.
But never impress me much.
I'll save the best for life.
Well, I tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kettlestar.
When she gets worth, I think her offspring should hatch.
Big old wags, and an ass too much.
Whoa, Jayce, Jayce, Jayce.
Welcome.
Whoa, Jayce, Jayce, something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York.
Not no impressed me much.
Well, you got the brains, but if you got the touch, then I'll get me wrong.
I'll bring you alright.
But never give me one, then I'll mail it all for life.
My love and trust, me much.
Like you, that is my standard minimum address.
I love you.
Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff is.
Call 49-11-1-560-WQ.
And speaking of that, yell it too.
A music video posted on the internet that tells the tale about a US Marine killing members of an Iraqi family
is being condemned by an Islamic group and investigated by the Marine Corps.
Here's the picture by the way the Marine singin' it, or at least alleged Marine.
The four-minute song, Haji Girl.
Hey, they're Haji, can you remember that?
Yeah.
Appeared to be sung by a Marine in front of a cheering audience.
The lyrics talk about the Marine gunning down members of the Iraqi woman's family
after they confront him with automatic weapons.
Lieutenant Colonel Scott Fizikus, they spoke to him for the Marine,
said yesterday the Marines were where the video.
He said the officials don't know the identity of the singer, or whether he's in the military.
The song was inappropriate and concurrent.
The high standards expected of all Marines, Fizikus said.
He said Marine officers are lookin' to the matter.
You know what else he said?
What do you say?
Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American Islamic Relations,
said that in light of recent allegations of atrocities committed by Marines in Adidas
and other towns in Iraq, the video should be investigated by the Pentagon and Congress.
Let's have another committee, another panel of investigate, and they can whitewash death.
Like they wash everything else.
Not a good idea?
Great idea.
Cover it up, baby, like that dog in a backyard.
A $200 bottle of champagne from Hooters, and $300 worth of Girls Gone Wild videos,
were among items bought with debit cards handed out by FEMA to help hurricane victims,
auditors probing a billion dollars in potential waste and fraud have discovered.
Wow.
All right.
Champagne from Hooters and Girls Gone Wild.
Seems to me that would help those bastards out with it.
For something.
The cards given to people displaced by Hurricane Katrina and Rita also bought diamond jewelry.
Of occasion in the Dominican Republic of Dominicanana, a card of the GA audit.
Oh, there comes that flimback in, little little guarantee by Friday it will be gone.
And so will I.
Don't forget now that scheduled tomorrow Friday will be here.
The next week it's George all week, and then after that starts that the George Monday Wednesday
and Friday meal, two then Thursday.
You might want to send you a message reminding to put that up on our website.
How much we do every year?
Sure he knows, but I will send him a message.
He's got other things to worry about.
Okay, he's got big fish on his plate.
Okay?
I have two words for you.
Okay?
Susan Gray.
The GAO uncovered record showing that $1,000 from a FEMA debit card went to a Houston divorce
lawyer, a divorce lawyer, $600 bucks was spent in a strip club, and $400 was spent on adult,
erotic, or products.
All of which auditors concluded were not necessary to satisfy legitimate disaster needs.
Well, they may be in satisfying something else.
So other kind of needs.
The GAO fund and probably was a disaster.
The GAO fund, at least $1 billion in disaster relief payments by FEMA, were improper and potentially
fraudulent because the recipients provided incomplete or incorrect information when they registered
for assistance.
Did you see this survey on the news last night?
They showed some of these people that put in all these bogus names and made like 15, 20 different applications
and got money under 15 or 20 different addresses and phony names, etc. and so on.
Of course you knew that was going to happen.
And of course they accused me.
Well, when there's this much at stake and as many people, you know, we, er, right, exactly
what they're saying is they're incompetent, which we knew that.
Nice job there, Brawney Brown.
Brownie Brown.
Hello, good job.
Now this story about Ken Jenny and their 20 grand, it goes on, it doesn't really say anything.
You know, I mean, when they put his bald-headed ass behind bars in federal prison, then I'll be happy.
But bookkeeper would prefer a $20,000 loan from a developer to Brown County Sheriff Ken Jenny's
longtime secretary.
So as two FDLE agents appeared at her office last month, a questionnaire for 45 minutes about the transaction.
Maria Turco Henderson, who worked for developer Phil Prokaci, drew up and later recorded as a bad death of 2004 loan
that's drawn attention from state and federal authorities looking at Jenny's private finances and public responsibilities.
I think they were hoping I'd be able to feed them information, show them we knew the money was going to Jenny and he was doing something wrong.
She said she had no such information.
Everything was done on the up and up.
That's what she said.
The story didn't say anything.
Let us know when you got a story that says something, okay?
At the Sunsendel.
Oh, look at that.
Did you see the donuts for Trinidad and Tobago?
Did you see those colorful donuts?
Oh, look at those.
Oh, I'm going to look right now.
Too late.
Too late now, man.
You missed those Trinidad and Tobago donuts for the World Cup.
But I bet you the World Cup.
Oh, look at that.
You only get better by playing against the best.
Oh, look who's playing, baby.
Saudi Arabia and Tunisia and if the Saudis lose, they're going to like chop off their heads.
Domestic league.
I think if they're behind it, half time they're going to do this.
They're going to chop, they're going to chop, chop, square.
And it is a beauty.
At the 23 minute mark.
Oh, that's half time.
It's Tunisia won and Saudi Arabia nothing.
Nile.
But that means the Saudis are getting those machetes out right now, getting them sharp swords.
And they're going to get a little slice of life for Tunisia.
You can better bet your ass on that.
Isn't that something you'd really be excited about Saudi Arabia and Tunisia?
Yeah, I got whipped up.
Yeah.
Can I say?
I'm really depressed and not over there right now, so I could catch all of that.
1047 votes.
I'm going out right now.
I'm going to give me a golden retriever.
I'm going to buy a whole bunch of Omaha steaks and then I'm going to go to two jays.
See, I was going to say I probably better not say it.
No, go ahead.
They didn't advertise any stations anyway.
The quality of their food isn't what it used to be.
Omaha steaks.
I don't want to say that.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
Oh, this is that.
I know what it looks.
And Goliath.
Vinnie Benjamin.
On the line.
Sam Quickresson.
Go back yours.
Sam Greenman.
Jack.
Ashford.
What was Dennis Wilson?
And Goliath.
On the go.
Eddie.
Good time, sentient.
Speed one.
You're not the brother.
And he was.
Showed.
OK.
I'm going to have time for that.
And I'm going to have time to introduce everybody.
This is also like the main chapter.
And what it is, it's chapter.
I think it's better just to listen to it.
Not bad.
But look at this part.
Hey, look at that.
Hey, look at that.
Hey.
You don't want to shoot my skin?
Um.
I can't even think we're name now.
I got a brain batter.
Tina.
No, no.
The female singer that mumbles.
What is her name?
We got a whole bunch of bits about her.
Oh.
Oh, come on.
You know what I mean?
I'm not secure.
No, not actually.
Oh my god.
I'm leaving right now.
How could you not secure?
We have those bits.
You know the black singer.
She mumbles.
Come on.
See Miguel doesn't know because she doesn't sing in Spanish.
OK.
Enough of that.
Well, you know what I'm talking about?
Give us a clue.
Aside from mumbles.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, I sure would like to see Susan's brains red.
Yeah, OK.
Good.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, what are we going to do?
Oh no.
Anyway, who are you going to do?
Yes, Stevie Nicks.
Yes, with a razor.
She mumbles too.
That's how I'm talking about Stevie Nicks' black.
Get with it.
Will you please?
Oh, my god.
Anybody should know this.
I'm so embarrassed.
I know it.
I'm picturing her in my head.
She mumbles.
And I can't think of it either.
I've got a brain fright.
Because we haven't heard about her in the show.
I don't think I'm giving you anything.
I don't think I'd decide out of mind.
I know.
Well, like that.
Basically great.
Very good.
That's a nice job there for a chocolate for a joe that put a little bit of that got me that goes it every time for example
And then if you don't like that one good one. Yeah, that's the good one
We're not trying to see it's not there. I can make my dribble out of your air
I will be yeah, well we got some other ones but think about her and then think about
I read the other calm city or maybe even gingous calm
Marlin is rolling in his grave here and I beg your pardon. Yeah, she's mumbles. Yeah, she's awful
But this guy liked her okay, at least he you know, he's the anti-god guy
He's the anti-Christ and he's also an anti-bush guy and he likes chocolate cons
So it's two out of three in bed
19.4% of the gods quiet out there. Well, so the song she did in the in the she's standing in the shadows of with Montel Jordan one too bad
She did standing in the shadows of love. No, I said the song that she did in standing
He didn't know I'm high enough right well
That wasn't what I was trying to play but it's got all that four play on it where they introduce everybody in the
Yeah
Out of here she sucks man. She's a mumble and a fumbler my god. I don't look no nothing's perfect
So don't forget bring that in maybe time you watch it
I don't like it won't watch it because he don't like motel love motel
They don't sing in Spanish and they and none of them are from Cuba
12 minutes after one at five sixty although George did just send me a whole bunch of new music including all that Luis Miguel music for he is he is so good
You know, I know everybody and of course joy
I think he ate degrees in the backside boys. I saw that CD he made for you. Enjoy the backside boys. Yeah 98 degrees were good
I don't care what you say okay that Nicholas Shay he can sing I
Would know well, I don't care whether you know or not. I'm just telling you. He's good. I mean his brother
They can sing about about paper sack is ugly little brother
Drew you know those guys named Drew. Oh, no, but anyway
But Luis and you probably wouldn't know Luis Miguel from Luis Luis, you're done. I mean I've seen him before
I think I could I'd be like hey, that's a lot before like a poster here for 20 years exactly. Yeah
Well, Miguel ought to be like real tight with Luis Miguel. Oh, yeah, of course. What do you mean by that?
He's like half Mexican. I haven't had you what's wrong with that? I forgot you hate the Mexicans
Whatever one 13 at five 60 WQM brand. These is where you want to take your feet
It's a treat to a treat your feet
What were they saying about the Mississippi modern and Hurricanes? How's that going around the way the college world series, right?
Yes, that means we get to beast out of the building for a few days ought to be nice and peaceful there for a while
Stop all the backstabbing brand these carries all your major brands like Floreshyme echo
Mifisto rockport hush puppies new balance all the other big name brands and all sizes for men and women
They even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes and with Father's Day come up for a son
It'd be a good idea for dad. I'm a beautiful pair of shoes from Brandy's go see our good friend Arnie
He'll make sure you get the right shoes for your feet or dance feet or anybody's feet that you're fitting and unlike those department stores
Where you wait for ever to get waited on then they finally whatever style you pick out. Oh, sorry
We don't have that in your size you crazy the only thing they do at Brandy's issues
We never have to worry about size selection service and of course prices unbeatable brandy shoes
You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway and probably between Atlantic and Copies on the East side
You can't miss them Brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday's till nine and every Sunday till five and like I said
It's Father's Day Sunday, so it's a great week to shop for dads day at Brandy's save up to 40 bucks a pair of men's rockport
Floreshyme new bells and get a free gift for the approaches to so be sure to get your fat ass into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping online at Brandy's shoes dot com
This is meal Roger
This is 5.62 a day
My junior honey
Okay
I
The cowman here in December. I
who
Is
they
Loosen all this vision and most others hear it
But Grandma had the pins in the room where he cranked it to
Grandma just hit her head and take it
Grandpa let her roll and thongs
And when he heard painted black, he's no balls
And when he died, they buried him next to Brian Jones
Hey Grandma, is it true what this a keeps?
Stomach in a rick-a-date, they discovered
I'm Brian, while I start going around town
Saying that shot at once, the three great grandchildren
I was bowed to his heart, not letting my eyes
Grat some talk about jagged ginseng and tense of care
Rowing around a nursing home with all time a squand
All the dead dead fear will test the name of the tomb
Grandpa loved the golden song, oh Brian
And when he placed satisfaction, he mourned
And when he died, they carved a victim on his head
And died on the head, and my love the golden song
When he placed up in that black part of song, oh baby, come on
We all sold the best to give the song
Watch solid
I did your part, you got me in the looper this time
I'm gonna play this still, miss that
And that's all for that
I'm gonna play a capo-soft here, I'm still gonna play
Over and over, we're getting in the game
And I'll play a golden dream
I have visions of him and me, baby, come in
Just when you judge me, I always stand there
And God will judge me, when we come to the golden heart
We'll have love that will not be heard
And Lord, God will judge me, so God will be someone to me
I've said it one thing right now, anybody doesn't like that is a comment
Okay, just play in civil, I would have no agreement with you
Oh my God, Saudis had up both Tunisia, one one
Now let me ask you something, you're a big meltdown fan
Do you got anything besides from the movie?
What do you mean do I got anything with you?
Because those songs, every time every Motown song has been invented
Well let's rock a little something new that I haven't heard here
You know every once in a while when you play the Motown
Because I feel like you only play the standing in the shadows of Motown CD
What do you think about that?
You wanna know why?
Why?
I like it
So to why?
Yeah, okay, during the break I'll think of some of my other Motown
Okay, let's play Motown, about 45g
I mean we told them we're gonna start playing music on the show
I think we kicked that Ricky Tickey's ass, you know he's a good guy, Ricky Tickey
Oh, speaking of that, anybody got a son Centrelayin around?
Because their website still sucks that I can't
I see Jicke had a column in there or some letters from responses
A big glowing column, he had about Rick Schruld, they had it right on the ear
Nice going Rick, but nevertheless I couldn't read it because you
Depending on what day of the week it is and how their website feels on that given day
I can't get their stories to come up
You know, that's weird, I've never had a problem with their...
And actually I only said I had that problem with this as a son Centrelayin
Maybe it's my cookies, okay?
Remember don't say nothing bad about my baby by the cookies?
Remember a little commotion by a little Eva?
Yes
Well, little Eva sang with the cookies
Don't say nothing, but anyway, I don't have that
I bet I do have it on my iPod
So Dan will think for you back, because I can't play that iPod on the ear
I got you, how many songs I got on my 3000 already?
All right
Thanks to your little buddy George
Well, we'll get some Moton, and we'll get them CKW Jinguist Gukkudov
The big cake
Oh yeah
That was what it was all about, that's what we had radio
Once FN came on the scene and they turned it away, money machine
Which of course is these, these current people we work for now
That's all they know from is the money machine
Forget about programming, forget about copy, forget about service, forget about the audience
It's a money machine mine
I mean, I got the article
You got the time, what does it say?
It was about to make sure I think, and I thought maybe it might be interesting
Or not, what does it say?
I'm not talking about Tom's article, I'm talking about the one in there today
There's one by Lane Allison
Yeah, is that it?
Long's presence invaluable today
Yeah, that's the one, what does it say?
You want to read?
My bag is it long?
I mean, I thought you read
The idea of you reading on ear is it?
I mean just, Tom to us, go ahead
All right, I read Tom, this is what we've been doing in your store
Like you were
A computer radio personality, rich show with more than a passing interest
Yeah, wake up with Rick everyone
No, don't fade off like you're like reading in a toilet
I'm using my lap project a little bit of presence here
I'm not even on the radio
If you're on the radio
Jesus, listen to what I'm saying to you
Hold on, my laptop is far, I can break in here
Yeah, or couldn't even laptop
Hold on, hold on
All right, now I got the laptop in front of me here
Well, what does it say?
What does the essence of it?
I didn't read it, that's why I said you wanted to read it
Go right ahead
Okay, I wake up with Rick every weekend
Morning, he and Donna Davis creep into my bedroom at 6.30 when the radio alarm goes off
Kind of like Cecil Collins
The article paid tribute to his golden oldie heyday but did not mention his invaluable presence in today's market
Shows humanity sharing the death of his wife on ear and his subsequent remarriage
Tributes to our nation's tragedies and his heartwarming love for his granddaughter
Well, I'm trying to get to something here
Just when I hear a news story that makes me think that the world has lost his values rich Shaw
Affirms the morality is still in place
His maturity gives a balance to our crazy fast-paced lives
Last paragraph, don't worry
Wow
Sean says Shaw
Rick, Shaw
Yes
He misses the impact he had in the glory days of radio
But I feel that because of his roots his branches still cover us with their wisdom
Wow
You're looking for glory holes of glory days
Well, that's very nice and a fitting tribute is a good guy and he's a little right wing for me
But nevertheless, he's a friend of ours in this show in mine and etc
Never actually the only time I ever saw him like in person
I just told him this many times that the old dolphin games when I had my own season tickets
I used to do it every game and his season tickets were like about, oh I don't know
Eight or ten rows down beneath mine
And you know the game would be like starting and I was always there early he was on early bird
You know took him a long time to get that cap on
And you know he turned out way by way back and smiling
Hey Rick, I think he's a good guy
It's alright
And called up in today, DeLowing tribute
I remember on my anniversary show that 30th anniversary
Top 30 man
Called up and died, peed on my leg, I'm telling that I was soaked for weeks after that
He's okay
Never saw a freight train
And the fact that he's endured in this market that long
It all, although he is playing music, keep that in mind
Not trying to demean his accomplishments but
And even he said that
What thought was that Kevin back through article?
Remember that? Yeah, when he was saying personalities, you know we're getting thrown out
It was all about the music
And Rick was saying, I know he was talking about me
And the fact that you know what I do is different than he just plays music etc
But that's true
And that's what I'm trying to point out
That documentary on CKLW was just unbelievable
The impact it had on me
In fact I still got it on there and there's almost not a day that goes by that I don't watch like a segment
From I'm not going to watch the whole thing, it's an hour
But I just get that much of a kick out of it
And when they had the CKLW reunion and the guys doing the talk up and
It's just, and they're all sitting around the table in there, it's great
Because that was real radio man, personalities, baby, excitement
And like they put it on an attack documentary
Even the sound of the station on CKLW
They had this big, you know, the engineer is my name, I said some real engineers
You know, I'm like what we got
Tophead Jenko, look what we got
But boy, I had this big thumping booming sound
You know, it was just a technical active genius
And of course, you know, they took the format from Bill Drake on California
Boss Radio, which is all on this thing too
In fact, I think it's even more worth watching that
Then watch standing in a shed as a motown
But you won't be able to see this anyhow
Isn't that a shame we couldn't get that on our website
How come I'm still talking when it's $1.29
Oh, speaking of our website, make a look, Eric put up the schedule
Right on the top there for the summer schedule
Well, I got to do this break, I'm already like three minutes late
I don't have a break, check it out
What was the other thing I was going to do?
I was going to get the motown
Starting June 2006, Clarence Deiro approved, color coded schedule
Oh yeah, that's good
The Clarence's puts on here, man, they'll turn them all away from our website
Put Rob Marciano's picture on here, pretend it's Thursday
You know, when I was at INZ, we did a funny thing
You know, they had these promotional sheets, which of course we don't have, I'm sure, any more on QAM
Promotional sheets with pictures of all the personalities
And so we cut out these pictures of these really hot looking young like guys starts
And put those in where my picture was, you know, it was a hood
Nobody believed it, but it was fun
29 past 1 at 5, 60 at 1 at 2 at 2 at 3
If you're a cigar smoker and like to kick back with a good premium Stogi, then behavior cigars by Tony Borhani is definitely for you
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed aged up to 10 years
But he is a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco
Then he a gold aflite should fly and gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing hours cigar insider
That's even a higher rating than Gildigit
And a 9.1 by Smoke Magazine
This rich flavored web-balanced full-bodied Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints of dark rose coffee
Chocolate, spicy and pepper flavors
Also be sure to try to be here to sail
The decay was the hottest release cigar in last 10 months and gets a high rating of 91
By cigar fishing hours cigar insider
The decay was a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper
That finishes long and full-bodied with additional spice and an order of charge wood
If you want to save you 40% off the cost of all your beehives cigars
When you call that toll free number just tell me that Neo 30 you call and you'll save 40%
1 835 by here
That's 1 800 35 BAH I A
This is Neo Rodger
This is 5 16 Q A F
This looks like in the church
Yeah
You ferry me days
Life seems we sink
Like roses but we must tell you
We swim with night and evening
We swim with night and evening
We swim with night and evening
We look like candy and cider
Leasing life up with your pretty whilers
Of which day our agency says we gotta save
We sail with night and evening
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls
Who think we're as cute as we be
Yeah
But as they get older they all take it out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get
Many joy
We do
Was it worth the day we get tired of
Not to do this I should've met your high goal
But the day we think that we have better save
We sail with night and evening
I swim with night and evening
We see KFW
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
KFW yesterday
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Go Z
Ok that's enough for that
I got every motown so I've never been done
It's sweet
I hear the facts that say sorry to bump you out
But Joan Osborne will be singing at myzner park in Boka
And I guess the part that's supposed to bump me out
Is fill is the original and surviving bass player for the great fold dead
Like why would I care about that I still have Joan Osborne
Go Z here 622 I will says this is a fact
It's dead head
They're really melancholy man they're hostile
You know I realized that's what they're hostile about if you don't like the same team
But boy you don't like their music they can really anything
Love 109 votes and to pull we did over 100 again
We never even pushed it you know what's that we just eased on into it
With the Lord
What's the best evidence there is no God?
I still say it's still Bell
The best evidence there is no God?
None there is a God 218 19.4%
Well below that 20% mark that it won't stay under it
Bubbling under it man it's close to it but there's Al Gore
And I think it's valuable for...
Ok good
There is a God 19.4% of you silly people out there say that
I'm so embarrassed for you know but one of these days
You'll find me when you're in that box
Oh but the Lord is looking down on us right now
How about maybe he's looking up at you huh?
How about maybe he's like looking sideways
And boy the Lord must have an awful...
He must have a whole lot of eyes
To be looking at 6 billion people you know keeping his eye on everything
He's busy that's why it doesn't answer your prayers man he's busy
Half of the world is starving 202
Well he don't care about that you know
Too many fat folks running wild and running around anyway
Like me
Bad things happen to good people one idea
Well God's got a bumper sticker on his pickup truck
It's a Schmidt happens
And that what it says?
Yep
No one has ever seen God 163
They've only seen...
Bill God!
And they didn't do a setting
John Lennon murdered Michael Borton lives 153
And I still think Joey
Not that we need to put it on there
But caring carpenters did and Gloria Stefan lives on
She was at the game
Gloria Stefan was at the heat game
Now what did they damn near lost?
Now I'm kind of curious
Were they starting to bail out there in the last few minutes before they made the big car?
Were they?
A lot of people
You mean...
Absolutely
And then they made the big comeback
And all of a sudden, oh gee I sure wish I would have stayed
They won 98-96 and had Dwayne Wade
Yeah
See Dwayne Wade say you should have stayed
And some of these people are gonna have a f*** attack
I hate this pull 106-9.5%
Yeah that's because you're an emotional cripple
You're like our management man, EC
Emotional cripple
Oh gee!
Is everybody happy?
Joyce Fitz, 45
No there's a reason we're not happy
Joyce Fitz, he's one of many
And prayer seldom gets answered
Only 26
When you think they'll have a lot more votes
All these prayer people man
They're rubbing their rosary beads
And they're all the chakis they got
And they're praying to God
And he just, you know
And then like 400 people are dying of pain crash
And one person survives
Oh the Lord answered my prayer
Well what about the other 400 people you jackass
They must have not prayed hard enough
Yeah they must have not been prayed to the right God
Or maybe you can only listen to one voice at a time
Okay?
Man
It's such an insult
You know I'm not one of these pseudo intellectuals running around front of you
You know, I'm sure how smart I am because I'm a moron
But Jesus God, and in fact that's proof right there
How smart do you have to be to realize how idiotic these statements are
All these stupid, it's called life by a clich
Well the good folks say, and the good words is this
Just like that one guy, that voice male guy, where is it?
Or here this
I really hope you use this on the ear
I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years at least
I've been living here for 40 years
I've never heard anything is disgusting
I've just knew a lot of this program I've heard of before
It's pornographic
In the photo my granddaughter or one of my kids looking to his disorder
I was just as happy
I am done listening to your station
Goodbye
The gross thing I have ever heard
And as far as I'm concerned, you're off my book
Good, go look in the mirror you want to see gross?
The gross thing, all I want is the telephone numbers
Over the card, telephone cards that you are advertising
And that's not the guy
Oh this is the guy
This is Robert
Robert, I'm playing in out of town old Robert
Look at for a good sports talk radio station
Yeah, this ain't the only one
The Rogers, being honest with you
It's pathetic, very pathetic
And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got
And I'm sports talk radio, it is horrible
So I definitely try to find somebody who's tired, that's for sure
And his whole GD thing and everything else
Just know him one day we all face the Lord
All right, that was a great day
One day we all face the Lord
I haven't heard that one, you never heard that before?
That's good
Oh yeah, that was one day you're going to get it Mr.
See, he's one of these people that like tuned into it
Oh, it's an all sports stage, another sports nerd, okay?
Jack asked
142 at 5, 60 WQM, I've been telling you for many, many years now to call
1-800 metros in the E to bed
When New Old Macfresus is lumpy and bumpy
In fact, Fat Boy was in it this morning
And we actually confed him in it with Fat Boy this morning
For the first time in a long time, it came in and said
Hi, how are you?
And I said, get out of here now
Dialimatris can deliver with any two-hour window that you pick
They have knowledgeable betting consultants who even know their stuff
And they got the best goods too
And if you thought dialing 1-800 metros on the phone was easy on your instrument
Check them out on the web at mattress.com
Shop on the web anytime the mood strikes you day or night
With product details, prices and photos
You can check out online or call the place you order and schedule delivery
Get factory dread prices much lower than those chain stores
Even during your so-called big sales
Plus you also get from dialimatris 12 months financing
They've got the complete line of all the top names in a mattress business
Silly, Serta, King Coil, Simmons, Temporpita, Consturings and Foster, Hewitt
So when all in sports talk shows around, you can sleep like a baby
When you call 1-800 metros, you get low prices and the best brands
That's why dialimatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
I've been using them for years. It's the easiest and smartest thing
Who's shopping anybody could ever do
All you got to do is just pick up that phone or go online
Pick up the phone and call 1-800-MATRES
Leave off the last S because it stands for Satan
This is the meal Roger, this is the roll
This is 5.62 A.M
It's boobs and butts so sorry about that son
Sorry Tom
I can't remember that video was cool
I said when I grow up that's what I want to do
But now it's run by 3.400 volts and cents
That only fair about the bottle by not you
They are all different, different power and the wind
Ain't got to see you always ready for your strength
The tilt and toe is ready for you to hear it today
Stay, be cold, now, with your brain was wired up
Stay, be cold, now, they're clumping in
We're trying to give them the baby a star
We're trying to give them the baby a star
It's their party and it's their talent that's gone
It's our test day and no matter where you are
The lighter radio is on with taking place
They don't let that light the more that I'll be playing
And find the way for thousands of hours in the fan
If you expect to get too short the late on the end
Stay, be cold, now, I'll do that call for you
We're trying to give them the baby a star
We're trying to give them the baby a star
We're trying to give them the baby a star
We're trying to give them the baby a star
It'll get you
She came up to you, what got sound
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Now, they're sleeping like a free.
But you can get them to the present, be the same.
I'll be the one who's right.
You're the one who's right.
That's all.
Be the one.
That's all I want.
That's all I want.
That's all I want.
You're looking me such a thrill.
But you love the pain I feel that brings on.
One of the things about Motown is that almost every Motown song has been ripped off.
I mean, redone by somebody else like the Beatles, for example, that one.
Well, I mean, it's not just Motown, but it's like every song has been remade at this point.
Hello.
And the Carpenters.
And everybody who ever sang a song has done Motown.
Even I'm not going to go in there.
Now, you're right.
They remake everything eventually sooner or later.
And usually not a good idea.
It's like remake in movies.
Always bad.
Speaking of crazy religious nuts, this is a bad piece of news, man.
We're not surprising it's from Texas.
A four-worth grandmother can resume handing out religious literature to students outside
Crowley High School in Fort Worth, Texas, as long as she doesn't block a section of the sidewalk
where students board the school buses.
That agreement announced this week is expected when the federal lawsuit by Janice Colson
against Crowley School officials who had kept her in April of 2005 from distributing pamphlets
on the sidewalk and from the school.
She wants to ring them to Jesus, I'm sure.
Jesus Christ, that's the one.
Snappy Dresser joined ice saddles, by the way, Birkenstocks.
Lawyers for Colston in the school district filed a joint dismissal motionally
sweep university record.
Judge Terry Means is expected to approve the settlement.
Wonder what he means by that?
When contacted Monday, Colston to one of $3,000 settlement from Fort Worth School District in 2004
in the summer case said she didn't want to discuss the Crowley agreement.
And what if she's kind of like Candy Cowley?
She instead issued a statement to the Liberty Legal Institute, which filed a lawsuit on her behalf.
The settlement includes an understall sum to pay Liberty Legal Institute for attorney's fees.
The plan-based institute says it fights to protect religious freedom and first amendment rights,
only for a far-bicinogram though.
Not for Muslims, not for Jews, and certainly not for atheists and agnostics,
and all those of us who are going to burn in hell.
For eternity, because the Lord thy God is a loving God, right?
And if you don't believe his bullcrap, you're going to burn in hell.
That's for sure.
By the way, anybody see the Omen, the new one?
Yeah. Please don't.
Don't worry.
Go back and watch the original one again.
I'm telling you, it's pretty damn good. Gregory Peck and the Lee Rimmick,
as a post-Aly Grant, who was in Omen Part II with William Holden.
He was holding it.
122 votes on the pool.
See, aren't you proud of me?
I think that's the only story I read since Miguel came in there, because he's very intimidating.
He gets a pulse when I read stories.
Plus, the calls have been so good this week anyway, haven't they?
They really have. They really have been special.
And now, he's right about that, man.
You can't touch these calls with a stick.
123 votes. What's the best evidence? There is no God.
None. There is a God. 219.19.5%.
You're not going to make it to 20% by 2 o'clock.
How do you like that, God Squad?
Na na na na na na.
Woo-hoo!
Half the world is starving to 03.
And God, meanwhile, he's a schluffin.
Bad things happen to good people to 01.
No one has ever seen God 166.
Except Timothy Lury.
John Lennon murdered.
Michael Bolton lived as 157.
I hate this poll 106.
Joyce 545.
The Antichrist.
La Antichrista.
And prayer seldom gets answered.
26.
Just keep in mind, there is only...
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, oh!
This is 5.62 AF.
Any better than Neil Rogers?
To to to to to to.
Now you are older.
You still have your hair.
And your arched eyebrows.
Why had you was splitting up with hair that you're white?
It's another day in a life.
Last year your age was 63.
Time to add one more.
Let's have a party for Paul McCartney.
Now he's 64.
We roll over to.
I'd like to say these words.
Have been for thing to do.
You and the Beatles once were big news.
John and George are gone.
George had cancer, John got shot, they didn't survive.
Good old ringo, he's still alive.
Watch your footsteps holding some weed.
In Japan on tour.
All right.
The white doesn't need you.
A lawyer should leave you.
And you're 64.
Bye bye bye.
