Get the chop!
Hey! Get the chop!
Put me on the Cadillac board!
You falsely accused me of giving Aiden comfort to Ben Laden because of what happened to Somali.
No one knew how kindly insisted to be in it.
If you're wrong and you know it, blame pretend.
If all time I'm still going to lay for him.
If the deficit is growing and economy is slow and low,
matter where you go, it blame pretend.
Absolutely.
If you're wrong and you know it, blame pretend.
If corruption is still growing, blame pretend.
Yes!
If the Middle East is going all to hell and it's showing,
if terror is still growing, blame pretend.
Richard Clark and all the intelligence people said that I ordered a vigorous attempt to get Ben Laden
and came close to apparently, then, anybody has since.
All right.
And you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings
and you know it's not true.
It's just not true.
It's just not true.
Read the book, damn it.
It ain't true.
And believe me, there's a guy that knows something about stuff that ain't true.
Terror law is trying to commit sausages.
That's true.
And we got 1,200 and 1 votes on the pool already.
We just sat down.
That's true.
Man, oh man.
Lot of absolute truths.
You know what?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
1,200 and 1 votes already.
I think I can go back to Ben.
Got some bad news for all you golf people out there.
I'm sure they know about this.
Don't they?
But fire in No One.
Fire in No One.
Oh, that's right.
33-year-old guy.
No, he's 94.
He said 93 on this story.
I got it.
No, I did not say, well, here, if you'd be the right story some sports illustrated,
you're just not a sports guy.
That's your problem.
You get bad information.
Sorry.
Probably the story you read will say a T.O. top only like four pills and said like 35, 37,
whatever the hell it was.
What kind were they?
Well, I won't get to it.
All right.
Just relax.
Put them out of this pain.
Pain prescription pain medication.
Probably something mild like two and all, something like that.
I don't know.
You're the drug expert.
I know nothing about that crap.
Golf legend Byron Nelson 94 is dead.
All you golf people out there.
Don't they have a Byron Nelson classic name after him?
I believe Josh.
Oh, yeah.
Come on.
You're a golf guy.
Come on.
Yeah.
It was a slow.
For the green.
That's the game.
No, you didn't.
Didn't you really?
No, I didn't.
Oh.
I would lose so much respect for anybody if I found out they played golf willingly.
I did recently play golf the first time in my life.
Yeah, and I wasn't horrible at it.
I'm not asking how you were at it.
But oh, yeah, if I was a lay again, was it great?
Will you do it again?
If I do it again, ever, I'd like to play nine holes instead of 18.
Yeah, it's a little bit much and miniature golf is a lot more fun anyway.
Totally.
Absolutely.
Byron Nelson went the greatest year in the history of professional golf.
But he won 18 tournaments in 1945, including a record.
The 11 in a row died yesterday.
He was only 94.
Oh, my God.
I always love it when it says no cause of death was listed on the website.
Suddenly, Tarant County, Medical Center.
He was 94 and no cause of death was listed.
How about all aids?
How's that sound?
Byron Nelson, they named it a golf term after me.
He was a commentator for about 100 years.
Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
We liked that.
And now he's dead.
94.
It's old enough.
Yesterday we asked in our pool who has history been most kind to.
We had 1412 votes.
That's funny because now we got 12.
I'm going to start today.
And that's because it goes to the show, George.
A little lesson for you there.
Yeah.
By the way, thanks to Kenny for mentioning my name this morning at the end of the show.
Edaboy.
Although he sounded a little bit depressed when he said it.
You hear that?
Nope.
Yeah, he did.
Stay tuned for Neil.
Yeah.
Haha.
It must go with that territory, that morning show business.
But those are the two trees with us cause you keep picking on them for being a sports show.
Who has history been most kind to?
Ronald Reagan, 642.
Boy, he crushed the competition.
He demolished him.
Ronnie Reagan.
Cause most of us are old enough to realize what a right wing A hole he was.
In mind, the slime ball.
Tree's cause pollution.
Yeah.
45.4% almost half of the respondent said it was Ronnie Reagan.
Abe Lincoln 148.
The pilgrims 142.
Priscilla Aldrin.
Haha.
Haha.
I'm proud of myself that I forgot a lot of crap.
What differences to make?
All those meet-up names, meet-up pilgrims and stuff.
None.
God.
142 said the pilgrims were full of crap.
Joe Kennedy, the old man.
Boy, what a gangster.
What a crook.
What a thief.
95 for old Joe.
Like I told it in the Lord, the Lord smold him.
Given that big nasty stroke.
I hate this pull 92.6%.
Well, I don't know what's wrong with that pull.
I thought that was pretty good in you.
Yeah, it was great.
Well, they hate.
They hate.
Robert E. Lee 55.
Henry Ford 52.
Charles Lindberg 46.
Boy, the two of them were like two peas in the pod.
Harry Truman 40.
Drop another big one, Harry.
Pope pies the 1237.
Henry Kissinger 24.
Well, I've said that these people just don't know their history.
They better start watching some of those DVDs and stick them in their DVDs.
Kissinger's only got 24.
And Lyndon Johnson only had 20.
And Arthur Godfrey came in on the ass end with 19.
How?
Why?
How?
Arthur Godfrey.
Road 19.
A virulent anti-semite.
In fact, that seems to be a common thread in that.
There were a lot of questions.
A lot of anti-semite's period.
It's like that bit we play.
Everybody hates the Jews.
It's just one of those things, man.
It's been going around for a long time.
When your God's chosen people, there's a lot of people that are jealous.
Maybe when you run around saying that your God's chosen people are busy.
That might be part of it too.
Who the hell are you?
I mean, God.
I'm a...
The deal, God.
Chosen people.
I say.
Cowboys, receiver, Tyrell Owens.
And I'm sure you heard about this on a Kinney and Bo Show this morning.
You damn well, better be listening to the Kinney and Bo Show.
And all the rest of the station too.
We need your help.
Yeah, Josh.
He's talking to you.
I am.
Oh, I know you're not.
I know you're talking to me.
He's not going to listen to it either.
Well, I'm not actually coming to work.
Are you still listening coming into work or not?
Tell us the truth.
I've been meeting today.
We were talking about that.
I listened to music.
Well, why is that?
So in other words, if you were voting on our poll, you'd probably vote less than I used to.
And of course, less than I used to, we don't know what that means.
I mean, that might mean you're listening to this show less than you.
So that's why we purposely I did, left it kind of like open.
I voted for Seldom.
You saw them listen to him.
I voted for the one at the bottom.
There's sports talk as ponderous.
You know me.
I voted for I only listened to the Neal Rogers show.
Oh, and of course, you got no choice.
Right.
Cowboys received their tyrallones and gested a large amount of prescription pain medication
and a suicide attempt to quote a Dallas police report quoted by WFAA.
The report indicates that when police asked Owens if he had tried to harm himself, he said,
yes, the station said.
The team's source last night said that Owens had suffered an allergic reaction to pain medication.
It was admitted to Baylor Medical Center, but they lie a lot, you know.
These teams lie like crazy.
Owens left the hospital early this morning.
Police said they'd make a statement during working hours.
A news conference is going to be over there and make sure that CNN will be over that like stink on Joyce.
Terrell Owens publicist Kim Etheridge said of the incident.
This is not serious.
Right.
The source said Owens status is unknown for today's practice.
And for the Cowboys game against the Titans on Sunday.
There was terror.
There was terrible Tennessee Titans.
A tower of power.
Channel 11 Dallas reported that a fire rescue team took Owens to the hospital.
Reportedly to the emergency room to induce vomiting.
Dallas police didn't confirm where the night any details.
Calls to Owens agent.
And that was for news on pain medication after suffering a broken bone leading to his right pinky ring finger in the September 17th game against the Redskins.
Next day he had a plate screwed in to protect the bones so he could heal with no further risk of damage.
Bill Parcell said the pain medicine medicine made Owens ill.
Well, there you go.
Try to kill himself.
Took a bunch of pills.
You know, I'll tell you what always works a lot better than that.
Wait until the where your brain is supposed to be.
Always works like a charm.
It does.
He didn't really like it.
Huh?
He wanted the attention.
No.
How do you know that?
You would know Terrell Owens if he came in there and slapped you up the side of the head.
No, but I know suicide.
If he came in there with a towel around him and Nicolet shared in the two of me with you.
Every time I want to commit suicide, I make sure.
Well, he brings up a good point.
He probably wants the attention.
He thrives on attention.
Well, so how come he didn't take like ten pills instead of like all 35?
I don't know.
Maybe he knew he could beat it.
That's right.
He could already take it twenty the other time.
It's like, eh.
1237 votes on the pool.
How much do you usually listen to WQM these days?
This is on the heels of that trend that came out on Monday.
That trend that said that we have old points in men on this radio station, on a sports station,
we old points.
And they got a kiss across the street in August.
You can be damn sure they're all squeezing each other over there now about it.
Oh, we're on the way.
We're on the way.
We're on the way.
All right.
And we'd have dolphin.
We're those dolphin broadcasts.
And that would be, uh, a number of times, uh, a number of times, uh, a number of times, uh,
like, uh, anyway, like, uh, season, season, season, season, season, season tickets, my ass.
How much do you usually listen to QM these days?
1237 already.
God.
Only to Neil show 654.
That's 52.8%.
How do you like that?
Is that shocking or what?
No, we don't even talk about sports very much except to her loans trying to kill her kill themselves.
Just think if you did and Verran Nelson.
But, you just think if we did, we didn't have anybody listening.
Less than I used to 216 now again, that, that's open for interpretation.
That could mean they listened to the sports segments less than they used to or could mean it
listen less to us or both of all of these things, you know, who knows?
That's why it's, we purpose it like that.
Get them all talking around the water cooler.
Oh, do you hear what they, uh, they're there.
Quite a bit, 136.
Well, thank God for them quite a bit.
In other words, more than two few minutes a day.
Sell them 101, uh, uh, uh, more than ever, 67.
That must be because of the new Kenny and Bo Mourning Show, anything?
Just a part-chall.
And, uh, I hate this poll 33, 2.6%.
And sports talk is ponderous only 30.
Look at that.
About 30, man.
2.4% since sports talk.
And I guess that's because they had to bother choices, right?
Right.
Call 47.
But, the votes are pouring in now.
Can you believe that?
Uh, when you start with 1550, it's easy to do 1600.
I think we'll do 1600, huh?
They don't you?
At least.
And then they'll be talking about that around all over town, man.
Every water cooler in town, every same.
You know that Faggot had 1680 votes and a poll before it's overclock today.
Holy cow, there must be somebody listening.
No, not necessarily.
Less than they used to, but then again, we don't know what that is.
Let's see that opens the door for a future possible poll, right?
Right.
Always open up the door for a good poll.
That's what I say.
12 minutes after 10, let's take a look at that award winning lineup today.
And like I said, you better start listening a lot more.
I mean, I don't want to like, you know, put that in kind of like an admonition, but you better.
Because we need the cash.
We need the jobs.
Although I noticed that log is loaded with spots, man.
We got spots up the old.
Bracket.
MAD Dog 2 to 4 this afternoon.
There's only one mad dog.
There's a lot of other people who have been using that name.
And let's just a lot of hammers and a lot of mad dogs.
I love that promo word, Dave Ann Boring.
And the kid they call had the hammer, whatever the hell it was.
But is that what he says?
That's what he said.
The kid they call hammer hammer this.
The hammer Dave on the side of the head and Wicked's ass up.
So they now anyway, they're out.
They're done.
MAD Dog 2 to 4 the power hour with Hank and the MAD Dog 4 to 5 boys.
Some genius must have come up with that idea.
That's a good idea.
That's probably the most fun hour of the whole universe in sports talk in this market.
The Humper 5 to 630 another tough hour and a half assignment.
Because we got the pregame at 630.
There ought to be one hell of a crowd.
The Marlins and the Reds again, 705.
Follow up to the head capitol.
The biggest name of the best ever ever.
This is wheel Rogers.
4th radio 560.
The U.S. U.A.M.
You got it.
This is I with this news.
A sectarian state condolence arise is just back from a diplomatic visit to Canada.
Somehow this trip conjured up talk of a romantic nature.
Relations between Canada and the U.S. are heating up.
The U.S. Secretary of State and Canada's foreign ministers seem to hit it off.
Secretary of State.
A date.
I've always been a fan of yours.
If I'm a kid, touch her.
Like lovers.
I hope the last night had a chance to meet Peter's number.
Oh, who are you?
Must be something in the air.
I do love Peter.
Please come back again.
Not so innocent.
We took a lovely trip Peter.
It's making us hot.
Oh yeah, I'm almost out of the mud.
I'm a jankful and evil guy.
It's a 1018.
That's how the like genie most from a CNN didn't.
A little bit.
Speaking of old bags.
266 votes on the pool.
That's bad.
Oh, there's the police say that the Owens overdose on painkillers now.
Ready for the game against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Philadelphia Eagles.
And that's a big game for Terrell Owens.
A huge game not only for...
Oh, maybe that's why he did it.
Terrell Owens because that's a former team.
Right.
And you have to remember that former team that he played with.
He had several confrontations there, a few if you will,
with Donovan McNabb, the quarterback there.
And it ended up ending very brave.
Well, that's a good way to avoid that confrontation again.
And this won't hold much of pills.
Right.
Didn't work though.
Didn't work.
Peaceful Iraq war protest prompt 71 arrests.
Two Presbyterian ministers were among 71 people arrested
during a series of peaceful protests against the war in Iraq yesterday.
Today, spokesman for a group participating in a protest.
You see, there's this suspicious package there in front of an easy courthouse
where they have school deliver here is supposed to take place today.
They got a suspicious package.
They got the bomb-stiffing dogs.
Man.
A lot of paranoia, a lot of psychosis going on.
Anybody out there if you got a suspicious package, hide it.
Demonstrators held sit-ins, prayer services, and sing-alongs
at four locations in the capital complex,
including the central ATM of the Senate Heart Office building.
This is yesterday.
The demonstrations were reminiscent of the Vietnam era
with protesters drumming guitarist singing peace songs,
holding flowers and wearing hats made of balloons.
Senate staff has watched the demonstrations from their offices.
Protesters said that civil workers gave them a thumbs-up
or other signs of approval.
When they made sure nobody was watching.
Well, here's a poll suggesting from one of our listeners out there
which places more-
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Oh, no.
This is easy.
Which places got more hate the Middle East or South Florida?
Well, that's a no-drainer, man.
We have no more kinds of hate.
Can we do?
Yeah, down here.
I see.
We're trying to protest to like a civil liberties
and try to end it more cultures
that protested Alex Bryan of New York yesterday.
33 of those arrested were charged with unlawful conduct
inside the heart building. 38 more demonstrators arrested at separate protests near the capital.
Of those 23 were charged with crossing a police line and 15 were charged with demonstrating without
a permit. How do you like that? Among those arrested during the demonstration were two Presbyterian
ministers, a Catholic activist and a member of a Quaker group. Oh boy, they must have been
pedaling their oaths, those Quakers, you think? Oh man. Wasn't Nixon a Quaker? Yes he was.
How do you like that? All you people out there that think that Quakers are like more honest and like
the Amish, a whole brother. You're going to find a crooked theirmit. Rick Raleigh was a Quaker.
Get out of here. All right. See, Faker. Rick Raleigh was a Faker. I didn't say that.
Are you you call them a Quaker? I think. Quaker. Yeah, what have you talked about? He's
I thought he was a born again Christian Quakers aren't born again Christian. His family was Quakers.
You know, we were talking about origins once and he's descended from Quakers. He said, oh, I thought
he was descended from like Rednecks. Well, see leave it to you. All these months that have gone by.
His name hasn't even surfaced on this show and all of us said out of nowhere. They go and
pick it on poor Rick Raleigh. You brought it Quakers. Yeah. I didn't know he was a Quaker.
Till this day I never knew that. That explains a lot. Now, what do that have to do with his
cheerleading wife? Nothing. Maybe he liked a Quaker. And what about butthaxon and his extripper wife?
2001 memo to Rice contradict statements about Clinton and Pakistan. You don't think Condi would
lie to you that old bike. Now that you got her teeth fixed. A memo received by US Secretary of
State Condom Leaser. Rice sure will have to be coming National Security Advisor in 2001.
Directly contradict statements you made to reporters on Monday. roster he says. We were not left
to comprehensive strategy to fight al Qaeda. She told reporters the New York Post on Monday.
That's Rupert Murdoch's right way New York Post. Big pieces were missing. She said like an approach
to Pakistan that might work because without Pakistan you weren't going to get Afghanistan.
Rice made the comments and response made by to claims by former President Clinton on Sunday.
Who argued that his administration had done more than the current one to address the al Qaeda
problem before the 9-11 terrorist attacks. He stopped sure to calling the former President a liar.
However, Ross Dury found that just five days after President Bush was sworn into office,
a memo from counter terrorism expert Richard Clark-Torize included the 2000 document strategy
for eliminating the threat from the de-Hada's networks of al Qaeda status and prospects.
This document devotes over two of its 13 pages of material to specifically addressing
strategies for securing Pakistan's cooperation in air strikes against al Qaeda and the Taliban
and Afghanistan. It sounds to me like she's a freaking liar that kind of lazy with her mushroom
cloud. Oh come on maybe she's just stupid. That could be it. That's Dr. Rice and she's a great
penis. The strategy document includes three levers that the US had you well you didn't see the
piece on 60 minutes did you on Sunday? No. That's not that much. She was tinkled on a P&O. No.
Qaeda left reminded me of Reagan there in the Exorcism. Remember she came in and tinkled on
the floor while I got a proof of the P&O. The proofs to his tinkled on the penis.
It wouldn't be the first time. The strategy document includes three levers that the US had started
applying to Pakistan as far back as 1990. Science in the political and economic methods of
persuasion are all offered to seven been somewhat successful. Other portions of the
passengers relating to Pakistan mark his operational details where we acted from the declassified
memo with the CIS request. Clark made it clear that the Clinton administration recognized the
problem that Pakistan posed in mounting a more sweeping campaign against Bin Laden.
Over and actually against Bin Laden who is a hero especially in the posh student ethnic
border areas near Afghanistan. Clark speculated late 2000 would be so unpopular to threaten
the sheriff's government. The plan notes that after the attack on the US is cool,
Pakistan had forbidden the US from again violating its airspace to attack Bin Laden
Afghanistan. The memo sent by Clark to Rice to which the Clinton air document was attached also
urges action on Pakistan relating to al-Qaeda. First to be addressed for Clark and
list depending issues relating to al-Qaeda is what the administration says to the Taliban in
Pakistan about ending al-Qaeda sanctuary in Afghanistan. We are separately proposing early strong
messages of both. And it goes on a great length but she's a liar. As if that's a kind of a
surprise. And if it's a big surprise that these neo-cons would try to conny mercen public
and the world would have packed a lies. With a pack of lies. You know we almost got 13 ever votes.
Sorry what's going on here? What is going on with this poll? I don't know. I know we had a big
head start but they're they're pouring in and chunks now in big goopy chunks. You can almost smell
them. How much do you usually listen to QM these days? 294 votes. Ever since summer coming from
across the street. Try to put us down you know. Fast and Zodoo. Anything to hurt us. Huh?
Just repeated you. Only the Neil show is 694 53.6% what the hell would they do without us in our
non-sports nerd audience huh? What would they do without us? Probably we've claimed Ukrainian
melodies by now. Less than I used to 222. 222 that's not good. Not good. Quite a bit 140.
Sell them 104. Come on. Ever listen to that station sell them 104? No. Sell them more than ever 67.
Sports talk is ponderous 34. That's what I voted. God is it ever. What about the Ricky? What do you
think? I think Ricky's going to come back to the... I think Ricky's... I want to know if Danny's got
something left in the tank and I hate this poll 33. Only 2.5%. They like it. That's why
they do the votes are just pouring in. We might do 45,000 votes today. And no matter what the
outcome is there are two things I will guarantee you. No matter how many votes we have by two o'clock
there will be more votes than there were people at last night's Marlon Reds game and will have more
votes by two o'clock than they have listening right now across the street. The biggest name
Top Hines.
You may not realize it but Flata is full of things to do. Take a leisurely cruise along what
many Floridaians fall. I don't have a quarter for the turnfights 95.
Two to uninsured and unskilled drivers as they cut you off at great speeds with no brakes.
Watch out for that mattress. That's right in Florida. I 95 is
strewn with mattresses, higher fragments and alternators to provide you with hours of fun on a
long course. Flaff along with others at freaky rides like that 85 Corsica with a sawed off roof
and chicken jumping out the back. Watch tiny Cuban women ring their hands behind the wheel not
knowing what to do especially in the race. Yes there's so many things to do in Flata you'll be
busy with plenty to do before you even get a chance to do it. Oh I can't wait to go online to
get my 85 year license renewal online. 1031. I tell people about that about the six year renewal
with no eye test and no showing up and seeing if you're still alive and they're like,
right? Like it's a joke. Like I'm making it up. 1310 votes on the pool man that is scandalous.
It's unbelievable is what it is. Absolutely unbelievable. Well then burger on the smurfing
chimp rides and of course I'm sure a lot of you went flying to that. What was it? D&I.org
yesterday did you check it out? No. I seen it and it took them all afternoon before they finally
got that damn propaganda. There those four pages out of 30. Four out of about 30 man. The headline
on this story says this is the good news declassified national intelligence estimate looks bleak
since the Bush administration's released a declassified excerpt from a national intelligence
estimate blaming your right for increased terrorism. Presumably this is the upbeat portion of
the report. One has to wonder what on earth the depressing part says. In other words if this is
a good news among the highlights are judgments that the global jihadist movement which includes
al-Qaeda affiliated and independent terrorist groups and emerging networks themselves is spreading
and adapting to counter terrorism efforts that activists identifying themselves as jihadists
all the way small percentage of Muslims are increasing in both number and geographic dispersion
that the Iraq jihad and pervasive anti-U.S. sentiment among most Muslims are fueling the spread
of the jihadist movement and that the increased rule of Iraqis in managing the operations of al-Qaeda
might leave veteran foreign jihadists to focus their efforts on external operations.
Responding to questions about the NIE yesterday the White House said the reports based on
least about the document distorted the overall thrust of it. In fact the declassified
portions are zoning to reinforce the impression conveyed by the government sources who spoke
of reporters at the New York Times and Washington Post. The U.S. invasion and occupation of Iraq has
aided terrorist recruiting efforts by increasing anti-U.S. sentiment and is the CIA predicted last year
on a fighting in Iraqis providing terrorist fighting there the opportunity to hone their
skills for exports to other parts of the world. In other words practice makes perfect
or as they say at the Vatican practice makes perfect. Now what they say?
They say that's the bad news the good news is that in the unlikely event the U.S.
exceeds in transforming Iraq into a beacon of democracy the jihadist world wide will be
demoralized and their streak creed eroded their streak credibility creed.
They receive that word creed.
Bush will use the released excerpts to continue arguing that Iraq is the central front of the war
on terror saying that the judgments in the NIE show that we can't bail on Iraq without
handing terrorists a major victory. He will also continue to vote offering any hint that he
has a clue about how to achieve whatever it is he hopes to achieve there. I guess before you
can achieve something you have to know what it is you want to achieve you know I'm saying oil.
The declassified release includes a very creepy rhetorical flourish throughout the U.S.
is referred to as the homeland which sparks unhappy memories of fatherlands and motherlands
and two glaring omissions. There is absolutely no mention of the homegrown Iraqi insurgency which
even the administration acknowledges as a far more potent actor in Iraq than are the imported fighters
of whatever stripe and which will end in the end determine whether extremists can or cannot
claim Iraq as a victory and there's no mention of the actual state of affairs in Iraq as in
bad. The likelihood is that one it's a sparsho. The likelihood is that one group of extremists
are another will claim victory in Iraq no matter what happens it's just a question of whether
it's the extremist serving as the power broker in the Iraqi government with the extremist fighting
these extremists politically the report may be awash on one hand it does reinforce the no doubt
accurate perception that the U.S. would draw from Iraq will enhance the power and prestige of anyone
who can make a reasonable claim that they're having a sub and puts pressure on Democrats other
opponents that I continued occupation to come up with a more detailed alternative than simply
going away. On the other hand however it confirms that the invasion was an enormous blunder
and that the conduct of the occupation has done an enormous amount of damage to U.S. and global
security and the White House responds to it based the question of why voters should continue
to entress the conduct of the occupation and counter terrorism in general the people who have clearly
in the consensus judgment of every U.S. intelligence agency placed the country at greater risk
than they were five years ago. Wasn't that the bottom line again? Greater risk than we were five
years ago before and on the other. According to all estimates by anybody with an IQ larger than
their unit 1315 votes I'm going to attend to they're probably just terming each other's guts out
across the street 1315 and you know something on at qm.com I hope you're not going to be taking any
polls on their judge like you wish that terrible ones would have succeeded stuff like that. No no
polls because you know damn well you won't get like 300 votes well maybe now that you've
spruced up that website maybe that you're on it again you know what are you doing with it?
Everything on the Webmaster but I mean what are you doing to improve it to get the
right we're working on getting a new site which would be what sports nerds dot com well it's
still serious or us it would still be the great wqa m dot com but you know it needs to be revamped if
you will yeah that's it flushed that baby down the toilet and start all over again. Schmidt can it
clear the decks start all over you're in those pukey colors on there too it looks like those the
blue and yellow like qa m colors blue and yellow isn't that what those are? Yeah well yeah
yeah we need some new colors on this radio station man now that we got a new morning show and a new
lineup I think that would be good just in time for our great promotional campaign for the tv
campaign and the billboards and the blimps and we're going to have all that going on oh yeah
wait for it let's see how to understand that we unfailed this great new lineup the 20th of august
we have the Kenny and bowl morning show what Kenny's good and both I'll take a bow actually sounds
a little bit animated there in the morning I think Kenny of goose is in every once in a while maybe
so there goes it huh there's a goose button oh seriously oh the goose button yeah
I like that one I think Boa sitting on it because he keeps sound like he's being gooseed
anyway he just seems to be like a little animated for an old dollar the jock and so I think they
might actually do a little lumber in there now you're kind of skeptical on that what's good for the
goose is good for the gambler there you go I told you he knows a good goose is hard to pass up 13
hundred and seventeen most and 53.6 percent exclusive humor was in the show so they say on our website
and of course the sports nerds at QA would say oh well I'd say he's sure he doesn't have real
man listening to his show well there must be a lot of unreal men out there you know I think there
are a lot of men who you know like like me enough that I'm a real man but who like sports who like
watch ball games and pay attention to scores and know who's on first but they're just not obsessed
with it they don't want to dissect it and chew it up and spit it out well there's that suspicious
packaging there's a lot of kidnapped erases and a lot of suspicious packages these days you know
yes I do that's what what's your name said Lorraine Hobbes or is that that in a christian
sense and that a great movie and dressed in like it we feel so bad about them when you please
watch it again no come on would you do another shot no I already saw it you didn't see do you
fell asleep like after the opening credits you fell asleep I can't stop you say this I fell asleep
and then when I woke up I went back to when I fell asleep oh you never told me that oh I watched
the whole movie oh well I got the impression that you got so bored with it you fell asleep and
woke up was over almost oh no I watched it I think like a photo on the scene the ending when
great Ahmed Khan was in the audience that's right oh I love that scene where he sit inside the
shackle read the Kentucky Fried you know and Lorraine Hobbes comes in oh man I'm gonna make you a movie
star or whatever she said I recommend that people want to see network to go to your my space site
and he says what are you talking about and he's got a muffaloid chicken when he's saying
we're pro pro pro natural event that is good scene you know thank yes what Josh
let's do that part he doesn't know what I'm talking about what he didn't know that the great
Ahmed Khan were a whosat he was trying to remind people to go to your my space site and see
that music video that they made out of that which yeah that would be good I know that the
good teacher he watched the Tom Brady and his Josh Strap part piece under from SNL huh that thing
is his star is special I love the part where he reaches over and grabs her booby and he probably
did too as a matter of fact oh he's doing better than that he's doing pretty good I can imagine he
can there are some people that would be a good pull question one day which of these people most
likely can have anybody that they want and that a good pull question yeah is yeah anybody they want
male female animal vegetable mineral you know what I shouldn't say to animal I really I'm sorry
right this yeah that's right I got news for you Ricky Martin I want him oh man what a badly
washed out and the brain or something this will make you feel better about life you know who we
don't hear anything more about it all for in a long time now what what Ricky Martin good pert
does that make you feel better or right off the bat see that just like mighty Python said look
on the bright side baby we aren't here nothing about that screamer anymore for a long time now he's
going longer living Lebeda loco no he's living La we we need a vote something local 1327 what we
make be close to 1400 by 11 o'clock this is going to get us on the front page of a variety magazine
billboard iTunes is going to be all over this like stick on Greg wow when you think absolutely
oh I mean absolutely wouldn't surprise me if the you two people get on it hey argue horse racing
fans and poker players pop it apart racing and poker's got the plunging action that you're looking
for and of course it's easy to get to pop it apart it's just a half mile from both i and i
d5 and the turnpike and pop it apart features free admission and free general parking every day of
life harness racing in the poker room or whatever you win today like today friday and
center day poker gets underway noon goes on the midnight and live racing gets underway nightly
wins the friday and center days 725 in the p.m. every live racing day the smoke free poker room
at pop and apart features tournament action all day and all night coming into a great 995
already can be prime rib buffet on the fourth floor in the players room just show your power
player reward card to get this special offer or sign up for a free card it's a free membership
and every time you make a wager on the races or play poker and show your card you'll be earning
points for free items like betting vouchers programs valley parking lots more and don't forget
dollar nights wins days when draft your soda santa park popcorn in large pressles as to buck a piece
that's every Wednesday like tonight and coming up Saturday October 7th that's a week from this
Saturday it's think paint night with special fundraising events tell for his money for the american
cancer society for breast cancer awareness month pop it apart harness all the stuff is going on
there all the plunging action you could ever want a blast out of the Atlantic Boulevard on power
line wrote for the current racing schedule called 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 2 thousand or go on at wicked
wave at pop and oak park dot com the biggest name of best talent scholars is real Rodgers
4th radio 560 u a m 4th radio what's that that's you buddy no yeah you know what you know
I happen to want to tell you before you redo the yeah if I still wait here trying to put your life
back together well I do I've put the copy folder back over here to my right or the cop
whatever and how I just did and they fell on the cue button and so there were like 600 cues
if I would let it go right there would have just exactly go ahead have a good time
smoke some dope again hanging on the bus with a couple of friends
all right they policed it and inspection once again and busted me in four rooms and lots of
pounds on the road my friends they had the doorbells pulling over on my way did it search my friends
and the trooper got a whip of smoke his way cannabis coupé close the door my friend
come on in we'll fill the bowl again ready color from the mushrooms ever and
and look here we just made the an end oh yeah we got busted on the road again
yeah my block call was never gonna end we just got busted on the road again
1047 at 560 W.C.P.
2 am they're whooping it up whooping and hollering man like they'm red next 10 to do see there's
the good red next like will and then there's the evil red next like well here touchable a pack
jumbo jet was forced into a series of steep dives over London by instrument failure the aircraft
wrapped to its minimum permitted altitude of 1200 feet meaning it was seconds from a major
disaster there was panic on board among the more than 450 passengers and crew as the plane
began its landing approach sent miles east of Hito airport the plot pilot had to disconnect the
autopilot of the Boeing 747 and put it into a climb to 1800 feet 1800 feet that's your aim much
man I'll tell you that that's mighty low he reestablished control with moments the spare had
to switch to manual to land a report today into the incident said the jumbo's controlled panel
was showing progressive flydown commands and the autopilot was attempting to pick the aircrafts
nose down to follow these indications seconds later a warning of glide slope a scope failure
which gives the height of the jet appeared on the cabin screen with the warning no auto land
the co-pilot immediately tried to contact air traffic control to find out if there was a fault
with a glide scope but he couldn't get through because of radio congestion the air traffic controller
had also noticed the unusually low altitude is the plane dropped again and immediately ordered
the Boeing to climb again just like that song we just played time to climb again you know that one
the official reported incident by the air accident investigations branches that is the flight crew
taxiing the jet toward its parking stand they reported to wear traffic control that the glide
scope had fluctuated or is that supposed to say flatuated I think that's what's supposed to say
a warning was immediately sent up by your traffic controller other approaching aircraft to see
if they were experiencing similar problems but none of them did the incident happened on love
although 10th of January just after midday a month ago I thought this just happened this is in
the a British evening stand they're a little bit slow god two years ago Prince Charles's plane
was involved in near miss with an air bus Charles was flying into his flying in his private jet to
Spain when it came with a 900 feet of an air bus a321 with 186 passengers on board error lingus
said the air bus had been flying on the control of one air traffic control at the time I think they
got problem air what so what are you more upset about the fact that his plane didn't
crash or that now see that would have killed a lot of innocent people that's right we don't want
that whereas in t.o's case it was just him nobody else he wasn't sharing with nobody else the peels
all that's oh there's that polygamy guy that the Jeff's guy on trial you know that's a pervert
lunatic pedophile right dog Thompson your favorite right stupid is a stupid does well he must
be right in about q.a.m you know it must be the great read story feel like getting a drink before
you read Doug Thompson that's how good his articles are really yeah you mean like a stiff drink like
a booze or like a beer like you know I want to sell like a beer in a cigar or a drink or something
and a cigar and a beer so good that one so dug up stupid is a stupid does it's not very long
and that's good I'm tired of eating these long pond stories because I know it doesn't it doesn't
keep anybody's attention like the next one after this injured penis worked 1.5 million to jury
and they'll be on the edge of their seats for that yeah who wasn't about that the guy who had
anyway Doug Thompson says too often I you got you lit up our what good too often voters make
the serious mistake of assuming that political candidates and elected officials are smart most
of them aren't in fact many of them are dumber than fence posts I've covered politicians as a
journalist and work with them as a political operator for more than 40 years now and can count
on one hand the number would like you's about that of a two-minute egg take George Allen the
Virginia senator and want to be present a few weeks ago he noticed the young man with the
video camera in the crowd of campaign rally he knows the guys the campaign operator for his
opponent yet he makes a fool of himself on videotape I refer to the young man the young native of
a virginian the young native virginia vending descent as mccata and ethnic slur against those
being inherited boy I'm not reading this well to most people common sense would dictate that you
don't issue ethnic slurs while your opposition is videotaping you common sense however is not found
most political campaign plans common sense as alan would not come up to a political action committee
representative at a Washington fundraiser called acro-americans niggers but alan did I know I was the
pack rep he said that to a 1991 common sense as you don't face your political career on being a
southern good old boy in virginia and then claim you never ever use that particular ethnic slur
too many people would have heard you say it and those folks started coming out of the
wood pile this week when alan made that ridiculously stupid claim those who defend alan say it's not
fair to nail the senator for something he said in college or maybe 20 years ago of course these
are the same people who waive an article that alan's opponent former navy secretary jim weber
wrote in 1979 questioning the wisdom of women in combat web didn't help his cause with his
incredibly lame response to a question about the article on a recent meet the press appearance
stupidity I found is nonpartisan to be fair alan doesn't hold a patent on political india
cates public domain among candidates and elected officials democrat gary hearts ill-fated campaign
for president came to a crashing halt when he challenged reporters to fall i'm around to see if
he was cheating on his wife and those who did just that called watching and party girl down a
rice sneaking out of his capital hill townhouse after a clientestan evening with a senator
number uh... what's his name with the trench coat from the hero Tom feedler right senator paul
Simon another democrat who wanted to be president campaigned at a chicago white socks game
when the team was continuing for a rare appearance in the baseball playoffs reporter rasta senator what
they thought of the white socks chances personally i don't care Simon said i'm a cubs fan
the political battle fields of washed in the nation are littered with a blood of those who spoke
before they thought or terms stupidity into an art form that bloody history includes a drug and
will be mill stumbling on stage to visit a strip of row front a hornie bill clinton kidding a bj from
on a colwinski while chatting with world leaders and allowing richer nixon declaring well i'm not a crook
you know how to clean up that little bit that the bj former rfb i administrator mark wff
watch the post before to bob woodward shadowy source known only as deep stroke for many years
may have put advanced in one of his time distant meetings with woodward in arlington virginia parking garage
forget these myths you and the others in the media created about the white house felt said the truth is
these are very bright people and things got out of hand today more than three decades later we see constant
reminders that these people still are very bright and things still get out of hand that's what your
buddy says today put the abuser now okay it was uh... you know one of his great masterpieces it went
to the point he's not about it all Dallas police news conference expected surely on t.o. oh
and that attempt in suicide
now you're right people that attempt suicide and fail they don't really want to know that's right
they're looking for a day rocket science all ho in imaginary here was remember that girl that he was in
the hospital i went when he busted his leg and she was there actually he saw the slip wrist and
everything and then a week or two later they're in the use of assembly they're in school and they
announced they were started announced that whatever name was just like a shmid lap committed suicide
right and they're all going like oh my god like it was a big surprise well maybe she was a
serious i guess uh... thirteen every fifteen five oh in fact remember i told you was it a
couple of years ago i had dinner with my ex classmates from high school in canada day well i
told you that but i had dinner i bought them dinner i bought everybody dinner with christ that's right
and the stories that they were telling me about uh you know all the kids that are graduate
with the nineteen sixty from high school this one committed suicide and this one attempted suicide
and this one died from this horrible disease and she's you know it's enough to make you want to
commit suicide or kill somebody or yourself yeah just not a good idea all this uh you know just
just move on with your life be happy i mean i'm glad that you know i had that dinner and i met
the up with my two friends and they look old like me but i think they look older than me when they
know that they probably have kids well the one i told you about the one that it was a guy in his
uh... what's a long story he woke up in the middle of the night and his wife was tippy tapping
on the computer and he went into see what was going on she shut the thing down real quick you know
and then uh she wanted she was uh having an affair and demanded a divorce after all these years
he didn't have any idea anything was going on huh but the lucky part was he met up with his old
high school flame because husband had died and the two of them got together again very sweet story
yes it is well there you have see not everything is like nasty and negative
quipy and so negative for example a Dave County jury awarded one and a half million dollars
to former South Beach bartender Patrick Timothy O'Neill who said two urologist injured his penis
while treating him for worse O'Neill 43 filed suit in 1998 against doctors Bernardo Liederman and
Letterman and Jacob Cohen along with South Beach urological associates Letterman surgically
removed three papaloma on April 18th 1996 afterward O'Neill says he developed an infection and received
treatment through the following month on each and every visit the dependence assured O'Neill
was nothing wrong with his penis and then he was obsessing over nothing says the complaint filed
by attorney David H. Gold people keep telling me the same thing O'Neill ended up with a disabled
in case of Peroni's disease among other things the suit says Peroni's disease began as a localized
inflammation and can develop into a hardened scar according to a website co-sponsored by the NIH
in severe cases the hardened plaque reduces flexibility causing pain and forcing the penis to
bend or arc during erection gold says O'Neill suffered constant penile pain plus curvature and
in a traffic like condition that caused a decrease in size O'Neill was undergoing treatments for
the past 10 years including anesthesia injections into the penis and spinal epidural space he added
negligent care he has to use lido cane every day on his penis gold city must also take the pain
killer percussive before and after sex it hurts it burns date circuit judge Gerald Hubbard presented
over the five day trial the six-year-risk four men two women deliberated for more than an hour
Monday they awarded O'Neill a million dollars for past pain and suffering 490 grand for future
pain and suffering and 10,000 for past medical expense they found letterman 90% at fault
Cohen got hit for just 10% the jury said by their verdict that they believed in him they believed
his injury they recognized him as somebody's been going through for 10 and a half years gold said
attorney's William Fink and Constantine Dean Nickus represented doctors we do not believe the
plaintiffs alleged injuries related to care were rendered by our clients Nickus says we're
evaluating the events that took place during the trial and considering our appellate options O'Neill
and his firing screen right in knowledge of his NLA how do you like that he's got a smear it all
the time he's smear it 1363 votes we're going to have 14 before you know it aren't you excited about
that medium medium excited and 54% say they only listen to 54% that's not looking good
the biggest name so that's it on my mind is this Neil Rogers and they're going to want to know 560 here
this is the Neil Rogers show 2.30 this is your party
so so so so any questions
this is just got back today not your deal who used to play like nobody else not in anyway
but man i still think Jerry Jones is crazy the boys in fact the clown the boys are going down
i'm ironing on my hair i said the boys have back to clown there's noise in Dallas town
you know that circle you said dance a lot every time they got the ends on with a sharp
being his sock man he thought he was cool but he was really not what a joke that's
and that time as the cowboys played when he was dancing a little bit with a disgrace
their nemmy grand over and down in this race and now he faced a wolf forget it the boys
the fact the clown the boys are going down i said the boys have back to clown there's noise
in Dallas town i said he knows and ran around this evil is now the boys have back to clown
that boys were going down prior to me speaking to the media and what i want to say is that
information that went out we are the official spokespersons for the Dallas police department
how that information got out i don't know how's the harvier i was well doing what this is the
official statement the Dallas police department does not have any other investigation going on
on this incident any information that you meet you'll have to contact mr. ointre or you'll have
to contact the medical staff yeah now do i need to repeat any of that
do it
baby i had no comment or they've got anything for me but respect about
why would it feel like a very bad guy i'm not going to take any questions i just want to make sure
get what i said that you all got it and you fully understand you all got it to 9 30 something
pills and a temperature suicide i'm not confirming anything okay like that in other words
they're non-campus winners they don't know nothing you know as usual how is lia's well
doing in jack ruby and all those guys jf case brain doing still missing this is what 1386 votes
on the pool will have 144 shakes of a lambs tail man it's going to be fantastic today see now the
fact we started the pool six weeks ago that's beside the point right right where is the world is
away you better take some notes on this fine gold more rust fine gold i think a juking elected
president oh maverick was constant senator rust fine gold said yesterday the outcome of this
November's election could determine whether he runs for president in two thousand eight that would
be great the only problem is you get no chance can you see them right next to the south voting for a
Jew for president or no no before giving a speech at the national constitution center yesterday the
democrats said a discouraging outcome would be if the republicans didn't lose any ground in the
senator don't lose much ground if they kept the house if the analysis of the election was people
really were squeamish about leaving a rack fine gold a vocal opponent a president bush and the
war in a wreck and a real bench said public attitudes about issues he champions including universal
health care would help him decide if he should take the plunge on your senator Hillary Clinton
widely considered the frontrunner for the democratic nomination he said she's very able and i
think ready to be president we disagree on some fundamental issues especially this war on terrorism
and i rack i mean what's he going to say she's an idiot right mark from hell on the albeets says
oh geez here we go now see i'm going to get blamed for this for doing this poll
well you get blamed anyway so well no i think he's a good guy he's a broadcaster he belongs right here
well miss him i beg your pardon well listen yeah what a bastard you know wonder he's not promoting
this show anymore it's not me it's you that he hates that's right you're pulling another one of
those modials like i said yes i don't know he gets involved with you the moe he hates you
mark from hell on the albeets says hang you jarg and josh even includes you in there josh
you're voting more no i hate to sound negative but here it goes he said well you know that's always
a good it's like when people would call back in the days when i was publishing up to take phone calls
well you're not going to like what i have to say you know or it's yeah or you're going to hang
up on me well what what a way that is to start a conversation you know right it's like walking
out to a stranger and saying boy sure is a crappy day today i mean what is that anyway he says
i tried the kinean bow show and an aid happening for me sounds like avid and castello light uh-oh
it can interrupts the big guys punch line one more time he might get squished like a bug
secondly sterling in chan in charf absolutely refuse to speak the english language what we know
that and most importantly we have our fine men and women fighting and dying overseas based on
probably the biggest line world history i tried watching Fahrenheit 9-11 again last night i
had a turn off midway through talk about the pissed off gets me fired up make no mistake about
if the religions won't be satisfied till they blow up the planet well thanks for your
uplifting facts mark he doesn't like the morning show he says he can't watch the home will be
because it's too depressing well try tarot all in zoom yourself mark that might do it only 35
in a prep about 85 pills four mark you know he means well mark you just uh... you know like our
morning show okay well i'm sure he's got company but i'm sure a lot of people do like it i hope
me too and we're gonna have to like change our tune now i don't want to get blamed again like
every other station i've offered like him was that idiot at the i-n-z and it's data well if you
would just be more positive about our music more people listen to it your music sucks number one
number two people are going to listen to something because i tell him it's good okay
god
sports talk i mean it's great other than to me that's the greatest format ever invented isn't it don't you
agree it's the best thing in the world who would that's right who wants to be here about the game
the game the game the game in the ball game in the upper it's not here about over and over and over again
about these a little bit jox and about these great coaches and should they get came and should they
do this and and and tied to me really had that affair with the blinda strontak et cetera and so on
goes to show you what a sick town this is man it's one thing to be obsessed with a sport like hockey
or whatever might be but when the front page of the newspapers got big stories about uh and he
don't even play anymore he just retired a couple of days ago tied to me uh having an affair with
blinda strontak and his wife is suing him for a very messy divorce that's on the front page of
the newspaper the Toronto son give me a break a god anyway yeah it's just it's you know it's the
world in which we live kaka as somebody i know would say maybe that's what you're talking about
maybe he meant lots of macaque oh and then then the best part of it is he tried to say that he never
heard the word before in his life he made it up right that that's what he tried to say that was
his cup out in it oh i just made it up i never heard it before that's what he said on it you
depressed so if you're going to make up a word that it contains a kaka in it then he probably
never heard the inward before either what do you mean that monkey i beg your pardon what what could
that mean if not a monkey macaque yeah kaka bird sounds like macaque not real isn't it not really
is macaque a monkey bird and they talk a lot just like your a jalan they say talk a lot of cramp
anyway forget about him 13 every night i'm sure a lot of the voters have already 1392 i bet
i'm going to refresh it or close on 14 1393 look at that pouring in by the ones how much do you
usually listen to q weight it's a very important survey i'm sure that our management is glued
they got their nose on the screen on the monitor only the niel show 54.2% 756 that's that's not good
i mean you know we're glad you're listening but that's embarrassing that would be like same
round around radio stations who would say that we did less than i used to 235 almost 17% well
what's that all about is that us to listen less to is if the rest of the station and of course
probably a lot of that had to do with that format the end of august 28th thank god but once we
get that big promotional campaign going quite a bit listen quite a bit thank you 154 thanks god
sell them one away well more than ever 68 that must be the morning show people and the people
that are happy that the mad dog and hank moved up where they belong sports talk is pod was 39 we
disagree it's my favorite format in the world and someday i might even listen to it and i hate
this poll only 33 2.3% see that this is their kind of poll anything where they consider it to be
like you know stirring the crap that's what i wrote it there are a bunch of craft disturbs although
you could put the period in between speak and a craft disturbs this moussier of man he better
watch it i guess three assassinations tense on him wasn't enough the war in a rack hasn't made the
world safe safer from terror president moussier of his told CNN saying he stands by his statements on
the subject he makes in his new book in the line of fire in the book moussier of a key ally who's
often portrayed as being in complete agreement with us president George w bush on the war on
here in other issues right he never supported the u.s invasion of a rack i stand by my statement
absolutely he told CNN the situation room with wolf blitzkrieg asked whether he disagreed with
bush he said i stated whatever i had to if the war has made the world if the war has made the world
a more dangerous place i like that he also addressed allegations that pakistan was a less
than enthusiastic recouping the war on terror and that former u.s. different area secretary well
we know about that that we're going to bum in the stone age even further than they already are
i have written whatever i heard my intelligence director did say that moussier of false CNN i would
leave it at that he didn't contact me he didn't say that to me whether the threat was made moussier
of city agreed to cooperate in the war on terror and the interest of pakistan and the interest of
staying alive i like that i read he says and of course it doesn't take a genius to figure that out
that the invasion of a rack has made the world a more dangerous place towards anybody with a brain
note that he's absolutely correct including the report that they released a selective four
preaches of yesterday out of about the third man pathetic and the american media continues well
i want to thank about i mean but i will be like that well of course he was in a situation room
with wolf blitzkrieg what does that say and of course it was very close to rusher son of two so
wolf was probably like doing a little dovetting in the back in between segments every time i see
him now i just i just want to vomit i just want to get on my hands and he's in puke my guts up
we either better get my flying carpet out you know if you're going to get on your hands and easy
boys and we'll get your magic carpet out that's right kill two birds with a little
stalk your uh... back home up in the year since the put their face on them today watch those
carpets just out of curiosity that's a good question you know dry concepts and that's kind of like
the that's kind of like the people with the um... the turbines you know right do they wash their hair
like once every couple of months or they've been doing they do and they rewrap they do the re-wrap
and had a kind of a wrap and a cab driver to the day engine going to hit it 1443 roads holy moly
you see in fact i think our technique is going to be to start the poll like about six weeks ahead
the biggest name so you can't host me since we were on first
four 2056 to hell am
do i just wish
this is i was just new
you know how to run president is again calling for debate with president bush
the white house earlier dismissive suggestion
i said that i wanted to um... well i i i i
sometimes i'm mangled english language and uh... maybe i need to learn to communicate better
mock mood on the g-john one-set of a should happen at the u-in general assembly meeting later this month
i know ramsie out she boarded a guy's name was sorry ramsie if i got it wrong
mock mood on the g-john i know that nature's in june i isn't that
i have
uh...
the party part of this is supposed to be making fun of him but she's an idiot
he can't even like eighty five letters of Santa right even you can come closer to that uh...
anyway here's another reason that's a flight of my money
that's a good anywhere near there people get pissed off even on the plane
fight broke out this morning on a red-eye flight bound for my international police
be sent the american airlines flight originating in leanma perrual and a
discadulate my mirror on six this morning police were waiting for rowdy
passengers a fifty six-year-old man and a twenty-year-old man at the gate nobody was injured
thanks god witnesses said the two men have been arguing throughout the flight
it's unclear whether they knew each other before boarding or met on the plane
but police believe the sick fifty six-year-old man slapped a twenty-year-old man two hours in the trip
the two were separated after the altercation both of being tainted m.i.e.
because the flight occurred over international waters the f.b.i. is also sticking their nose into it
how do you like that yeah fifty six-year-old man slapped a twenty-year-old man two
hours in the trip well maybe who knows i don't know maybe farted real bad
happens on the plane maybe came under the right
whatever fourteen hundred and twenty votes on the pool man it is just shocking before
noon we're going to be right around fifteen hundred people all over town to be out on
street corners even Sean canone is a goofballs they're the homeless voice people
they're gonna have megaphone they got fifteen ever votes already on q.a.m.
are you gonna believe that it's gonna be incredible news making and news breaking
forget about that t.o. suicide didn't get the job done how can you imagine if he
would have committed suicide and uh... got the job that i'm been dead that one we
probably have to call off the whole show today and maybe for a couple of weeks
that would have been uh... tragic somehow no i think that part of it would have
been good all of the show you know the sports experts in there to analyze it and
the debate and the day in the twenty four hour eulogy that's right
see in the something how there's always there's always a good smoke screen no matter what it is
you know whether it's whether it's the chick from a rubo whether it's the adjuan marcar routine
with that fru-take whether it's uh... i mean all the you know all of this stuff that goes on
the the runaway bride and out heo tries to a best swallow the monster pills and tries to kill
himself god always some crap and the media can just go create and then we of course we had the
alien business for a long long time we had the dianna crash there in perist for a long time
they were talking about that remember that uh... on on these are diversions folks from stuff that
really got to be concerned about okay who gives a fly and crap about dianna when you come right
down to it something much of silly brits who cares about dianna and then do what was what was
the doody doody doody doody doody doody doody doody doody doody doody doody doody doody
that macaque stuff again look what it did to george allie man he's on the way out now i don't think he's
got a chanamans chance in india this is pretty interesting and i wonder what this is based on
i mean it's marjoral interesting it's sure it's how more interesting than uh... teo taking a few pills
you know when he when he gets the job then call us back and let us know okay when he's dead
i store when he acted tom hanks is the most trusted celebrity in america according to a new
survey published by business magazine forbs tom hanks is the most trusted celebrity in america
oh my god what does that say about celebrities you know what it says we don't trust him
because if he's the most trusted big name celebrity that says a lot
hanks was made a career out of playing heroic or heartwarming characters in movies such as
forest dump or a power thirteen came out on top of a list of 1500 celebrities ranked by
pressed word in it and fact i can't wait till the whole thing is not yet but i'll keep checking on it
i'll keep googling the afforded issue and i can't wait to get the whole list i might actually
have to go out and buy the magazine mine television celebrity rachel ray came in second i don't even
know who that is she just got a new show she's a cooking kind of person with big teeth like a
Martha Stewart type but not a while back to the future star michael j fox pulled third those are
the three most trusted people in celebrity land tom hanks rachel ray and michael j fox
talk show diva oper win free was number four james rol jones the actor pretzels for a
supplying the voice of intergalactic villain Darth Vader and star wars movies was number five
and the only reason he's number five is because he's got that big d4 that's the only reason he's on
there right right he should be disqualified because he does those voiceovers on cnn yes he does
well that right off the bat they should toss his ass out talk about trusting somebody if they're on
cnn next you know they'll be putting wolf looks creepy on here right other famous names to make
the top ten include oscar winners denzel walk in Morgan Freeman and Reese witherspoon now let's
see out of the top ten how many black folks we got on there you got oprah james rol jones two
three four out of ten it's 40 percent it's pretty good pretty good right that's correct pretty good
so in other words there's about ten or twenty black folks in america really doing good in the rest
of the folks are sluppers ron howard who is also directed hangs in several movies including the
da Vinci code broken the top ten ron howard why sure trust him right he's a ginger a what a
ginger ginger red hair freckles you know oh you thought maybe he was kind of like you know ginger
Rogers and oh by the way I have a safe trip to Toronto to New York he's safe ginger oh boy
those are the days baby they're ain't nothing like it will never will never hopefully go through all
of that again no information on the celebrities regarded as the least trustworthy the nipple has
been released yet by for but you know by the magazine oh look at this satoshi kana zawa an
evolutionary psychologist at the London School of Economics told Forbes the list indicates the
brain of modern man could not fully grasp the concept of mass media the brain of common man could
not fully grasp the concept of mass media instead our brain assumes that we're still living in the
small hunter gatherer bands we live in more than 10 thousand years ago he said as a result we
assume any realistic images of human beings that we see repeatedly are real human beings our brain
doesn't understand these are actors playing roles on a drama or sitcoms and we act as if they're
trusted friends in other words we don't know them from Adam from Jesus from Solomon right from
what she putt we don't know them and yet right away because they're on television or in the movies
are both right away they're trusted oh there's celebrities they must be a wonderful people we trust
them based on what most of our bunch of rotten flandering uh whoring uh like that am I right yeah
and that's why we're jealous damn straight 14 no 1427 votes on the pull man i'm going to tell you
if Walter Winchell were still here today the biggest name so best talent for this is Neil Rogers
4th radio 560 you am
you're
dutch back in with back with Steve Irwin yet the crocodile hunter i died huge to answer great story
used in Texas hello hello Steve hi did they really catch your death on film yes you can get on the
computer people can actually see boy video the horror and the brutality of my death was angel was
hello good day gentlemen hi listen is it too soon to hit on this is crocodile hunter no i don't
i don't think so she is drop dead gorgeous winds are on terrier hello hi i just want to say that i love
animal thank you very very nice so i mean i love animal is it great right i think beauty
out it should be lethal yeah you feel the same way absolutely 100 percent right now what about
you Larry have you ever meet a zootie car sure flipper was an old friend of mine
oh
goodness
Steve Irwin on the stink the crocodile hunter it's 1131 29 till a new in a queue and we had
what's his name mad dog coming up with two how soon they forget almost said mo sorry mad dog
1437 votes we got a shot of 1500 by noon at that point i think we're gonna lay down for about 20
minutes rest yeah on the seven day john steward oh let's see you i'm kipper is one i should probably take
off nice monday shouldn't i yeah something it's done it means the holiday is monday i can't be working
on you i'm kipper can i let me take a look over there they haven't got the next week's schedule
yet do they nope i'm not gonna do that see the making you work on you i'm kipper that would be bad
would be wrong especially with their vacation coming up again we're so soon oh like i said good idea
john steward welcome pacistan's president of the daily show on uh two day last night with a tea
and a twinkie do you see it thank you guys kept up today with the i watched i didn't see him i don't
see that but i know the news the spoof news president will sheriff's tata tape would steward on the
comedy central program was even more unlikely than the most anticipated meeting between wisharif
homie cars i in bush planned for today thought they already had that meeting i don't know i get
confused as a gesture mirroring pacistaning hospitalities steward welcome wisharif for the cup of
jasmine green tea uh and offered the more american delicacy of a twinkie wisharif chuckled and thank
the host the steward promptly changed the subject where is the sum of in lot and he asked suddenly
i don't know replied ms sheriff you know where he is you lead on will follow you wisharif's appearance
on the daily show which was taped late Tuesday and aired last night was the first time a sitting
head of state appeared on the program though former president bill clinton was on last week if it
aired last night that means it'll be repeated this evening around uh what is it eight yes oh goody
maybe i'll be back in time from woodbind to see that but i doubt it the pacistan president who's on
true of the west appeared on the program to promote his new memoir in the line of fire the book is
drawn headlines for among other things the pacistan president's claim that after the non-leveled
attacks he had no choice but to support the u.s. led war on well we know about that bombed in the
stone age on balancing the wishes of u.s. and pacistan which is largely anti-american wisharif
told steward i've had to learn the art of tightrope walking many times and i think i become quite
an expert on that yeah look what i did for the willendus steward himself has also proven
that the balancing both humor and the seriousness on the daily show at one point he asked
moussier if he admitted any mention of the war in the racquet his memoir because it's gone so well
moussier if again laugh but said it's led certainly to more extremism and terrorism around the
world let me read that one sentence again good share a flat but said it has certainly led to more
extremism and terrorism around the world meaning the war in Iraq the racquetack to conclude the
interview steward put moussier on the seat of heat a new feature for the program in which red
lights flash around the studio and against his answer final question throger w bush and
or some of in lot and be truthful who would win a pocket of hot and pack stand as steward i think
they both lose miserably replied moussier of an answer met with raucous laughter by the daily show
audience raucous laughter you know like that kind of fake life is that the raucous guy yeah like
like in the arcini audience the who who who who who the who in the hall and the and the
yeah the phony laugh that's it now you're talking now you get in the picture you know now let's
bring it back alive not whatever happened to him how many how many jobs has he had since he'd
left us up third and what ever that is serious serious still you serious i haven't heard anything
different having heard nothing about him and boy i'll tell you for like a few minutes there one
day a few days ago stern was making the rounds again remember that right all those rumors oh he's
going to be back on terrestrial radio no he's not and that was the end of that and everybody said
well who cares because serious the next envoy you think we got serious wow oh and guess what is
if we didn't already have enough competition with eighty five stations in the market enough that
news starting in the fall arbitrage is going to start including like non-commercial stations in
the ratings like npr stuff like that okay well no it's not okay because that just no it's not
about time because it's just reduces our share that much more don't try to stand they they should
us that's right one percentage of the qm audiences qa m ham 100 percent all right we'll take it
right right it's the way to do it has my new rating survey 1449 on this pool well now what do we
got what we're going to do uh seventeen i don't know who cares you know when you come right down
but why do i do this to myself every time i tell you to let me do this i don't want you to
my did lose two pounds back yesterday really good one ninety four point four that's still
less still or they're not that's over my playing weight so that'd be under one ninety three even
if it's only one ninety two point eight it's pretty great but if it's over one ninety three it's like
and you know i'm illan i'm not my playing weight i'm like dragging it you know i mean i know
thinking the unthinkable in Iran no even the journalist Ralph T. A whole a Randolph T. A whole
hotness mercenary chimper it isn't fairly short right to the point like i said i don't want to
hear you reading those long pondress articles anymore okay
dumbest in Vermont dumbest in if these were normal times the thought that president Bush would
launch a word of preserves friday's grip on power would be dismissed as lunacy unfortunately these
are not normal times and the current occupant of the white house is not a rational man we know
that barring in october surprise the republican party could lose its control of congress after the
November 7th election we also know that the GOP's political strategy is all about fear and endless
war so the possibility that the Bush administration will launch an attack on Iran's nuclear research
facilities in late october suddenly doesn't seem that far fetched the Bush administration is
painted Iran is a grave threat to national security because of its nuclear ambition that it's
support of international terrorism as was the case in Iraq the Bush administration believes
that the threat posed by Iran is so grave they can't wait around for the u.s. to give approval
for a primitive attack the signs don't look good time magazine reported last week that a prepared
to deploy order PTDO was given by the navy to the crews of an ages class cruiser two mines we
present two mine hunting ships they were told to be ready to shove off on october 1 you ready to
shove off oh yeah right now the nation also reported last week that the Eisenhower strike group
based in Norfolk Virginia also received a PTDO the strike group is led by nuclear aircraft carrier
Eisenhower and includes a cruiser destroyer frigate submarine escorts supply ship and a copious
amount of cruise missiles frigate both both accorded naval intelligence sources who leaked the news
of the deployments to the press are apparently headed to the Persian Gulf and they would arrive
sometime around october 21 the enterprise carrier group is also in the same region where it's
involved in air strikes against the Taliban and Afghanistan it's at the end of its scheduled six
month tour but may stick around even after the Eisenhower group arrives is this evidence of war
planning according to Colonel Sam Gardner retired air force officer and national security expert
it is you can't issue a PTDO and then stay ready for a very long time to hold time it's a very
significant order and it's not done as a training exercise Iran is still many years away from having
capability of building a nuclear weapon but as a charter member of Bush's axis of evil it's been
in the crosshairs of the Bush administration for the past four years since a ground invasion of
Iran is off the table because of the armies ongoing problems in Iraq and Afghanistan Gardner said
the plan which has been in the works for months is a massive air and naval attack on up to 1500
targets in Iran and attack like this is certainly doable and has a high chance to success it's what
comes after the bombing that's the frightening part Gardner who talks strategy at the national war
college has been conducting a mock US Iran war game for the past five years in almost every
scenario Gardner said the initial US attack spawns a variety of unpredictable responses Iran could
tell Hezbollah which had supported for years to launch another attack on Israel to draw it into
the war Iran could also stir up trouble in Iraq and Afghanistan since Iran has ties with the main
factions fighting US forces in Iraq and is getting cozy with some of the warlords in Afghanistan
then there's the specter and oil supply disruption most of the world's oil flows through the
streets of Hormuz and Iran could easily mine the shipping lanes and launch the attacks on tankerships
block off that key if you went to the Persian Gulf and oil prices would soar up let me say it
again oil prices would surd up to a level of 100 bucks a barrel within days in other words Gardner said
Iran would use every weapon it's disposal to retaliate and the resulting chaos would also provoke
more jihadist terror attacks around the world and galvanized support for terror groups like Hamas
Hezbollah and al-Qaeda the Arab world would be subtly against the US which became even more isolated
is anti-Americanism expands around the globe so why would the Bush administration even
counterplate bombing Iran if the proper vlog come as global chaos why would two unfinished wars
in Iraq and Afghanistan would a try for a third conflict with the country that would be more
able to fight back in more different ways than the Iraqi insurgents or the Taliban why because
we're dealing with a president who's still wedded to the idea that he can attack any nation he pleases
our constitution and international law means nothing to him the master global public opinion
he means nothing to him the objections of many of this nation's military leaders mean nothing to him
we're faced with thinking about the unthinkable knowing that we do not have a sober prudent leader
in the White House the question is can he be stopped from plundering the nation in a catastrophe
that'll be even worse than a wreck or Afghanistan now let's get to the good news oh there is
any 1471 votes like I said we're going to be running the precipice of 1500 by noon
boy how the reporters there yet to cover this or what oh yeah are lying down any second now
vegetable footscreens gonna come viralling right through that door
the biggest name so best galaxy the business wheel roger sports radio 560
blotley pop little boy I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather
it was worthless original and I was poor I remember it like it was only yesterday
hey Billy let's play a game what guess we're getting my bucket a piece of candy
yes I'm tired by a snake right again I don't want to play this game anymore okay let's play
play the candy in the crevice oh grandpa I don't know if melt when you put it in the air
yes those games with grandpa scarred me for life which is why now that I'm the grandfather I'm
scaring a whole new generation with worthless original hey Timmy say hi to wet Willie the worthless
wonder world oh no not the wonder world worthless original giving children nightmares for over 60
years 14 till noon at 560 w.m. happy Wednesday to don't forget two weeks from Monday in the mid days
Chris Moore and Joseph Yankee return with sports all right let's speak in the sports here's the
you want to get the skinny on the t.o. thing release what they're releasing now okay sure well
I mean we are in this station don't you think it's very important that we get all the dope we
should do a new sound or do a news update or something like that oh here we go now I like all
the better this is CBS so I employ and Dallas Cowboys receiver Teralo and try to kill himself by
overdosing on pain medication even putting two more peels into his mouth after a friend intervening
according to a police report today released a lot of go the reports that owns was asked by rescue
workers if he was attempting to harm himself at which time he said yes the Dallas police reports
that the thirty two-year-old owns told his friend that he was depressed police lieutenant Rick Watson
said during a brief news conference he could only confirm that paramedics called police to say
that we're taking owns to the hospital he said no more details would come from the police because
no laws were broken this is a high profile person we looked into what we determined is not a
criminal offense this is a medical type of situation that occurred he said and that's the end of
that that's why he was getting all better to shape their before the friend who was not identified
in the report noticed that his prescription pain medication was empty and observed owns putting
two pills in his mouth the police reports that the friend attempted to pry them out with her
fingers and was then told by ones that before this incident he'd taken only five to forty
paint pills and the bottle even he'd said otherwise there were like thirty five left in there and he
liked them all to what he said according to the police report Dallas foreign rescue is called
regarding someone attempting suicide by prescription pain medication officers arrived to try to
find owns being stabilized by ambulance workers who then took him to Baylor University Medical Center
doctors reportedly try to induce vomiting but a beep that a beep that a bomb he broke the bone
in the next two his right finger in the game where we can go Sunday and they screwed a plate in his
bone and a plate in his head and a plate in his back home that's it and why do we care about him
I don't don't care about him and I sure don't care about Tony Snow's strategy for combating
dog go away already go back to Fox okay go speed your propaganda on Fox and get out of our face
you jackass fourteen hundred and ninety four votes were going over a fifteen hundred by noon
they're going to be reporters there from USA today the weekly reader the weekly standard Bill
crystals going to be knocking on the door trying to blow the joint up fourteen ninety four can
you believe that how much do you use for this to QM these days only the nil show eight hundred
and twelve fifty four point seven percent that proves that we needed a sports show back in midday
right that's right how about those panthers whatever that means well sports listen less than I
used to two hundred and forty one sixteen point two percent we're not pleased with that and you
are going to have to dissect all that and figure out is that us there listening to less is it for
sports segments is it the morning show is it the uh... whatever it is the the marlins boy you
people are brutal manage this if they if they get if they get any public money to build a stadium
for that franchise it's going to be one of the most egregious things ever done in history
because nobody cares there would be like building a gigantic multi-million halavastand in the
middle of uh... peoria you know what's what's the point anyway uh listen quite a bit hundred
and seventy well good listen more listen more if you even if he hated listen more please
seldom hundred and thirteen more than ever seventy that's the kind of to be like more than ever
they're glued to a man they're they're getting not just from it and they don't even know what that
means what you heard me all right sports talk is a hundred is forty one and I hate this pool only
thirty seven two point four percent out nearly fifteen hundred i bet you've clicked at baby again
uh... let's see fourteen ninety two now we're talking
now we're talking language christ Columbus could easily understand fourteen ninety two
speaking of uh... people like that who look like christ Columbus jesse ventura
you know that was that was one of the most bizarre things in history of media remember ms nbc was
going to put him on to do that talk show he did i think one or two shows and then that was it
they said oh bad idea and they were right former governor jesse ventura questions the official
nine eleven story former minnesota governor actor and wrestling star jesse ventura has publicly
questioned the official version of events behind i love to go on further than ever before
inciting operation northwards and the gulf of taunkin as examples of how the government has planned
and carried out stage war provocations in the past ventura has temporarily left his baha
mexico surfing lifestyle cullin support to the texas gubernatorial candidate kinky freedman
at a press conference yesterday ventura said that republicans and democrats were destroying our
country and its political process supporting a beard and dreadlocks the former vietnam veteran
also criticized the rack war ventura first they did they had many unanswered questions about nine
eleven the former governor cited operation northwards in 1963 joint chiefs of stack plan to
stage terror attacks in kyle american citizens to start a war with kuba as an example of how do
you ask government wanted to kill its own people and blame on foreign enemies to justify going to war
ventura founded painful having dutifully served himself that elements within the government would
go such barbaric and deced the lengths to cut its own populace in the supporting militarism
ventura then raised the issue of the gulf of taunkin citing recently released declassified
information confirming that american the ships were never attacked after the incident
was manufactured and provided the entrant to vietnam war this was especially unparallelable for
a ventura because he joined as a navy seal on the september eleven sixty nine fought in vietnam
and lost many friends there ventura asked that if the u.s. government were prepared to
state such a gargantuan historical event in terms of its significance leading a nation into
war then why would they refrain from doing so again today ventura also highlighted nine eleven
itself and contrasting the last responsible norad air defense to the four commercial airliners on
nine eleven compared with the immediate interception of golfer pain steward through their jet
october nineteen ninety nine well i was important he was a golf guy man pain steward
right he was a golf guy in a royal pain god i just want to be the artist i know that all of
us american gov is on the one of country we are chinese too they are not ventura said the
argument that americans should give up liberty and exchange for security the war in terror was
horrible and the government should never be trusted he encouraged americans to be sculpted of
anything the government claims in light of their past due publicity there are much accruxion
liars jimpsies champs and thieves he's right ventura seemed visibly upset to me to be calling
the american public apathetic seemingly wanting to say more and was very cynical that any real
investigation would take place having already witnessed the nine eleven commissions white wash
ventura had previously year disccepticism of the official version of events on j lino and
liberated in a two thousand four video show but the former governor went further than ever before
during this interview with the conspiratorial minded Alex Jones fourteen ninety nine man they're
correct they're not exactly pouring anymore that's because we've exhausted most of the audience
already but i bet you if i clicked it again we do it you think what's Tony snow thing thing may
see so you know and we did fifteen hundred oh my boy Tony fifteen hundred and it's not even
new yet boy amazing isn't it mm-hmm not really we started like accorded to yesterday what's the big
simmiss for this huh don't forget to a change of pool is five o'clock i uh set myself a reminder
on because i think it's highly unlikely that i'm gonna have another that i'll be home before five
like last wednesday have another one of those miracles that would bind that was that was a miracle on
I'm not on ice, I'm purple on ice.
Sitting on your ass at a machine,
a 15202,000 line on the same machine,
baby, and flew out of that place.
Just flew out of there.
Like my ass was shot out of a cannon.
I don't think that's going to happen again.
Not today, anyway.
But if it does, just like what happened to Josh last week,
you go under and say, okay, I'm ready to jump.
That bastard changes it already.
Damn it.
And that was you said, Josh?
That's exactly what I said.
Yeah.
Try to do my job now to like passify the old fart
and hear it as he already, he done it.
Well, how am I supposed to know I'm going to be home by five o'clock?
Ridiculous.
And Iraqi hotel owner told a court march
yesterday that British soldiers relished beating him,
making bets over they could knock him to the ground
and laughing when he complained.
Ahmed Taham Musa al-Materi said soldiers
had a detention center in Bosra, sub-Norak,
took turns punching him and kicking him
and his fellow civilian prisoners.
They were celebrating beating us.
It was like Christmas, he said.
Mr. Materi said he had welcomed the British forces
to Bosra with flowers because he hated Sodom
and Hussein's regime.
But after being beaten continuously over 36-hour period,
he concluded they were no different from Sodom.
Me?
Four British soldiers accused of abusing Iraqi prisoners
and three officers charged with failing to make sure
that he'd taint these were not ill treated.
One of the tainties, hotel receptionist Baha Musa, died.
After being allegedly beaten at the detention center
in September of 2003.
Mr. Materi is the first of the Iraqi civilians to give evidence.
He said he had gone to the hotel in Bosra after his brother
phone to say it had been raided by soldiers when he arrived.
It was surrounded by tanks and the hotel workers
were lying on the floor of the reception area.
He was also ordered to lie down and the soldier began kicking in the head.
Mr. Materi said he glanced up at one point
and saw the soldiers loading the hotel's money into sacks.
A little later, he and the hotel workers were taken to a laboratory
and deliberately splashed with water from the toilet bowl.
And then it goes on about karate blows and all the beatings and stuff like that.
And I think he wants the flowers back when he comes right down to it.
He wants the name flowers back.
And as far as bringing any candy, forget about it.
The biggest name, Sub-Vest Talent, is the real Rotterdam,
Force Radio 560, Sho-A-M.
Mrs. Mark Morgan is the 12-1-hour on Q-A-M.
Go town by 16-10.
Marriage will miss up all the six I had.
Forget me trying to get her honor back.
Or wedding will ruin any chance in the sack.
She'll be called as a friend.
Ketter and me.
We both are loving our hot, suffix days.
So much from only for us both no way.
Constantly single guarantees of ways.
Hey Justin.
You're fairing.
I think 15-10 was also something else.
Rule call reports that a new nickname for Senator George Allen was overheard at a party recently.
You're going to love this.
Senator Makakawitz.
Oh boy.
All right.
It says it looks as though Senator Allen might be embracing his Jewish roots after all.
You notice that after he finally admitted that his mother was a part Jewish or whatever it held to be a once.
He said, oh, but he still enjoyed making pork chops and ham sandwiches crap like that.
To make sure that to pacify the goyam.
The Senator long ago had scheduled a field hearing of these Senate small business and interpreneur-
interpreneurorship committee for Monday, October 2nd, which is Yom Kipper.
Last week Allen moved the date to October 3rd to avoid conflicts with a high holiday.
According to the interest group involved in the hearing.
He's Jewish and Monday is Yom Kipper, explain Brian's state, spokesman for the National Associated Association of Women Business Owners.
Completely matter-of-factly to HOH.
Allen spokesman David Snep said the date of the hearing which will explore women only businesses buying for federal contracts.
Which changes if the request of the association.
After reading about the blockbuster revelation that Allen is technically Jewish.
The deputy executive director of the Women's Business Association, Michelle Jerome, contacted Allen staff.
The CEO of the Senator would prefer delaying the hearing until after the holiest day of the year for Jews.
How do you like that?
We ran this explanation past SNAP Allen, spokesman, he said it's a group letter to change the date of this field hearing an honor of the Jewish holiday.
That is certainly appropriate.
The Senator Allen is looking forward to the testimony of the following day on how to get more women owned businesses fairly represented in federal contracts after he cibbled pork sandwiches on white bread.
Which he's M&A's.
God, he is just a drooling, you know something?
I hate to say it, but he's what America is all about.
Digneted nasty, narrow-minded, drooling Yahoo Red Mac.
That's your challenge and that's America, unfortunately.
I hate to say that because I know there's about 50 people in the country who aren't like that.
Or maybe not 50, maybe.
30 million people weren't in that category.
1516 votes man, they are pouring in here.
Do you realize that it's almost October?
Yeah.
In six weeks from yesterday's election day.
And that will have that big election and something will happen, you know.
Something will happen, something, or something.
Something either, you know, this way or that way left or right or in between.
And then what?
Then what?
That's right, that's exactly right.
I'm not talking people out of voting course, I'm going to quite the opposite.
But the fact that a matter is that, you know, it's just which course do you like the best?
It's like that question about, you know, the John Stuart asked Mosherov.
He's been loud in her bush.
And he said, neither thank you.
Do by based Al R.I.
Speaking of Osama Yamama and hell of a job, but Clinton and Bush didn't get them right?
Right.
Do by based Al R.B.
at television yesterday quoted a Taliban official as saying,
I'll cry to leader Osama Yamama, is alive in good health, and he liked that.
You fairy.
The Arabic channel said his Pakistan bureau had received a call from the unnamed Taliban official a few days.
After a leaked French secret document said Saudi intelligence believed
been loud and died last month in Pakistan.
The official said bin Laden was still alive in that reports that he is ill or not true.
It said, Bacher I.T.A.N.E.
Al R.B. is insolent, and so am I, corresponded.
The Taliban checked with members who are close to our kind of these reports are baseless.
The bin Laden is deputy.
I'm in the prime in Al Zawar, where you believe to be hiding in the border area between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
He was last seen in a video statement air to coincide with the November of 2004 US presidential elections.
A report in the French regional daily east republic in last week quoted a document from the DGSE-4
intelligence service saying the Saudi secret services were convinced bin Laden had died a typhoid.
Saudi Arabia said on Sunday it had no evidence that bin Laden was dead.
French foreign minister Philippe de Zouz-Blazay said that as far as he knew the Saudi border militant was still alive.
And the parkour is in a paratrooper.
And does it really make a difference?
No.
But there's some heavy duty symbolism involved there, maybe 1520 WKBW in Buffalo.
Joey Reynolds.
A boy.
Stan Roberts.
Who else was on that station?
Rustamou Syracuse.
George Loranz the Hound Dog.
WKBW was a great station once upon a time.
Here's some good news.
I turned it.
There was good news out there.
For those of you who do not wear the swastika on your forehead.
A new poll on the senatorial race and pencil venue released today by the Quinnipiac University shows
Challenger Bob Casey Jr. leading incumbent paranoid lunatic senator Rick Santoran by margin of 12 points.
This is an increase over a six-poin lead KCA last month.
Four percent of voters indicated they support green party candidate Carl Romanelli,
who has now been ordered drunk from the ballot because of an institution number of valid signatures on his nominating petitions.
Five percent of voters unassided.
Senator Rick Santoran's comeback momentum has been stopped dead in the water.
Sentoram's attack ends against Casey, a failed to spark voter support.
And 50 percent of voters say the senator does not deserve a election.
Say, play riches in a statement released with a poll and obtained by raw story.
And if you eat that spin, it's whatever you do, don't need a raw.
No need a period, but especially no need a raw and a spinach either.
While Santoran enjoys the support of over three quarters of Republicans, 77 percent is a poll
in the center of a popular former governor has the support of 85 percent of Democrats.
17 percent of voters said they still might change their mind before the elections.
The majority of Casey's supporters, 55 percent, plan to vote for him mainly because he's running against Santoram.
He could be running against, you see what I'm saying?
Right.
In other words, it could be a chicken running against Santoram and it's still vote for him because it wouldn't be Santoram.
Nice going on, your Pennsylvania voters, good choice.
If that fascist bastard out of there, lunatic.
Just look at him and you know, hey, that's a crazy person.
Yeah, that's right.
A maniac, a fetus hugger, an embryo liquor.
Yeah, so I guess we're supposed to care about this.
This is another one of those stories I left out about Anna Kohl.
I mean, the story about her son was tragic, you know.
But about her having a baby, does anybody really care about that?
No.
Do you care about Anna Kohl having a baby?
No.
Although you didn't know that Howard Katern was the father.
That's right.
Howard Kasteren, that is not what we confirmed with our friend Howard.
An attorney representing former Playboy, Playmate, and Reality TV star Anna Kohl Smith in the US today.
He is the father of her daughter born early this month in the Bahamas.
Howard Kasteren adds that he plans to marry Nicole.
Maybe Nicole Brown.
You think?
It's possible.
I know she wouldn't resist.
And and I have been in a relationship.
We love each other and it's been going on for a very long time.
And because of my relationship as a lawyer, we felt it was best to keep everything hidden.
Howard Kasteren told CNN's Larry King live.
Stern said he and Smith are confident he is the father.
And based on the timing of when the baby was born, there really is no doubt neither of our minds.
No doubt.
He's probably doing them too.
Entertainment reporting photographer Larry Birkhead also claims to be the father of the girl named then-
Danielin Hope.
Why did I like that?
In a statement, Birkhead said Smith told him he is the child's father and that he's got proof in his pants.
He said he accompanied Smith to doctor's appointments to tell a minor disagreement to replace while she was pregnant.
He also suggested a DNA test be conducted determined.
This is like a soap opera.
To determine the child's fraternity, he also made similar comments to entertainment tonight.
And in response to Birkhead, Stern said, I think first you have to look at what his motives are.
If he honestly believed he was the father, based on when or where the baby was born, he should have handled it appropriately, handled it through the proper channels, not through TV and through the media.
Birkhead also was in a school of emails to Smith Stern instead calling it just completely inappropriate.
And as had problems with people going to the meeting to pass about her and for that reason, most people around her including myself has some confidentiality clauses that we won't go to the media about her Stern said, I'm just very shocked at how he's handled his under the circumstances.
As to whether Smith and Birkhead had a relationship Stern said she's never considered him her boyfriend.
He wouldn't comment on whether she was intimate with Birkhead.
That means that he was intimate.
He ruled in out.
Stern said he and Smith planned to marry at some point.
Right now we have to somehow get through what we're going through.
He said the cause of Daniel Smith's death still hasn't been determined.
Toxicology tends to be negative except for Alexa Pro and anti-depressant, but said there may have been other prescription medication in the system.
How come OJ didn't take a whole bunch of pills? Would that have been great?
Oh yeah.
What about a poor T.O. man?
He never stole a free train.
He never called anybody.
He never knew of.
But OJ on the other hand, let's send him a whole bunch of pills.
The shove down his throat.
Piece of crap.
Oh you can't say that.
QAM loves OJ.
How could we forget?
Mm-hmm.
I won't.
Something you could never ever forget in the many years.
You better write that down, put that in the book.
What's that?
The OJ government that will love us.
That'll be coming after.
I don't want to relive it.
I don't want to think about it.
I want to smell it.
I don't want to know from it.
God.
But your lying, devious, game-playing, jock-sniffing, goofy idiots.
What about Greg and Scurran?
And Sam?
1530, baby.
See now we're moving up the A.M. dial.
As we get further, I don't know any stations.
Maybe W.C.K.Y. and Kentucky somewhere.
Where is that?
Frankfurt, Washington.
Louisville.
Louisville.
You ever heard W.C.K.Y.?
No.
See if you ever went ahead the, the enjoyment of living up north and night time.
You've been listening to all those great 50,000 watts channels before you were born.
Well, I did live up there.
The University of Kentucky basketball, the Wildcats, that was on W.C.K.Y.
15-something.
In fact, you know what?
I'm going to even know I'm up against the other thing here.
W.C.K.Y.?
I'm Googling it.
You ready?
Ready.
1360.
That's the old KAT's frequency.
W.C.K.Y. 13.
Well, that's only 160 megahertz away from 1520 or 30 whatever one.
1360, you can knock me over the feather on that.
Now, do you ever, we ever over there on Bay Road, over there by, on the beach?
I have been.
Sure.
See you there.
We'll KAT towers in there.
I guess.
I mean, I was building.
Point it and go, hey, look, there's that old, uh...
There's that KAT tower, man.
Catch the cat.
There it is.
There's your cola, catch the time.
There's that ugly picture of Frank Kats in time.
And the eyes are still moving around.
The biggest name of the West is...
The third fastest wheel of roachers.
And the old one, you know, 560.
You A.M.
Not that you have to suck.
Now, inside a dish in the emerald, this is looking good.
Can you smell it?
Yeah.
I'm gonna taste this.
Very delicious.
I usually don't like salads, but this is great.
Nice flavor.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, okay.
I'm not feeling too good.
Oh, boy.
Hey, that's spinach.
Why is it all a shame?
Because of the E.K.L.I.
Uh-oh!
Oh, man.
You, man.
Boy, I wish you could smell it in here.
Man.
I'm not gonna say that.
I'm feeling that.
Which reminds me, there's another bit on the same dish.
Panic at the produce.
Uh, have you listened to it?
Of course, I've been all across the room with us in water here.
Oh.
Let me see it again.
Panic at the produce, did you listen to that bit?
No.
No.
Don't.
Okay.
Well, I mean, listen to it, but don't play it.
All right.
Another one here is unbelievable.
Loud fart sounds, but also, uh, things associated with fart.
I see.
In other words, when you throw up, whatever.
I don't want to get too graphic.
Taka.
That's it.
1218 at 560 W.Q.
Oh, my God.
Mr. Kaka, come on up.
I wonder if he's related to President Makakawitz.
Okay.
I can't stop saying that now during the break.
I can't stop repeating President Makakawitz.
He's got all the bases covered, man.
The Borscht administration's block release of a report that suggests global warming is contributing to the frequency and strength of hurricanes.
The journal Nature reports.
The possibility that the warming conditions may cause storms to become stronger as generated debate among climate and weather experts, especially in the wake of the hurricane.
Katrina Disaster.
In the new case, nature said whether experts at the National Oceanic and Amnestoric Administration know a part of the Commerce Department.
In February, set up a seven member panel of the American Census report on the views of agency scientists about global warming and hurricanes.
According to Nature, a draft of the statement said that warming may be having an effect.
It may when the report was expected to be released.
Panel chairs.
Anz-Litma.
A NTS-Anz.
As an Anz in your pants, Litma received an email from Commerce official saying the report needed to be made less technical and was not to be released.
Nature reported.
Litma, head of NOAA's geophysical fluid dynamics lab in New Jersey, didn't meet spot of calls you can comment.
NOAA spoke of in Jordan, St. John said he had noted tells of the report and NOAA is not related to the Ronsaint John.
In no administrator, Conrad Loughtenbacher, who are really out of the country, Nature quoted in the report was merely an internal document.
Could not be released because the agency couldn't take an official position on the issue.
However, the journal said its online report that the study was merely a discussion of the current state of hurricane science and did not contain any policy or position statements.
The possibility of global warming affecting hurricanes is politically sensitive because the administration's resisted proposals to restrict release of gases that can cause warming conditions.
It's bad for business. In February, a NASA political appointee who worked in the space agency's public relations department resigned after reportedly trying to restrict access to Jim Hansen, a NASA climate scientist who's been active in global warming research.
They don't want to like play butch-foss but if you start interfering with all their plans and all their big money, you're going to make you dead, you know.
Like Vincent Kipps saying, talking about making people dead, remember that?
Yeah.
Pretty bad acting there and Godfather 3. How come we always leave him out when we talk about bad acting?
He was pretty weak too. Who? Vincent?
Andy Garcia. I thought he was fine.
Week. Okay.
1544 votes. Maybe just I just don't like him in general.
You don't like him but you used to rave about him before you decided not to like him.
Marzia, I raved about Andy Garcia and how great he was.
Then he put the alien thing and then you know.
Oh, get out of here. Like I care about, I care about movie stars or celebrities because of their politics.
Yes.
No, I do not. Except for a listener who can make you a list.
No, I agree with George Clooney's politics and I think he's an A-hole. I can't stand him.
Right?
It's stomach him.
No, no, the other way around.
What do you mean by that?
No, the politics thing was the ethnic thing.
It's not the politics thing because he's Cuban.
You don't like him a lot about Marzia?
No, no.
No, no, no.
Because he did a professional Cuban thing.
Oh, well no, I didn't like that.
Right?
But how about Gloria Stephane?
I'm Cuban, there are two grandstands.
And he always hated her.
Before and that's correct.
At least I'm consistent.
Before she ever even knew about alienito, huh?
Right?
Yeah, well, as.
1550 votes.
We're going to have 60.
I think we're doing 1700 today and then we're going to be really dangerous.
I don't care if we started it seven weeks ago, a circus man.
17 every votes on a stupid ass poll on this stupid ass show on this stupid ass station.
That is really kicking some big fat ass old style.
Am I right?
Yep, ancient style.
Speaking of alien.
I was looking at some of the polls we did back then.
I just, I can't.
Huh?
Why?
No, because I was looking for the numbers of votes.
I don't care about the, you think I care about the issue anymore?
No.
Come on.
Boy, talking about getting ancient Israel out, but you're looking back at the.
Although I think I wonder if the fishermen still in the closet.
New York City eyes ban on restaurant trans fats.
Three years after the city ban smoking in restaurants, health officials are talking about provading something they say is almost as bad.
Artificial trans fatty acids in there.
Absolutely correct.
Trans fats are killers, baby.
Don't eat them unless they're ice cream, which is really good.
Actually, there's a little bit of a, you know, something I thought out there's like a little trans fats in there.
And what the hell was it?
Trans-American.
No, no.
I was looking at the, yeah, trans-america.
There you go.
And you still haven't seen that heavy.
You think you have, but you haven't seen it.
That's all part of it.
Which part?
Middle.
No.
Before we're after the operation.
Before.
The city health department unveiled a proposal in New York Tuesday that would bar cooks at any of the city,
certain 24th, 1600 food service establishments from using ingredients that contain the artery clogging substance commonly listed on food labels as partially hydrogenated oil.
Oh, God.
Our official trans fats are found in some shortenings, margarine and frying worlds, and turn up the, uh, and foods from pie crust to french fries to donuts.
Mom is a little baby love shortening, no?
Remember that?
Shulton bread.
Right.
The churna bread.
You got it?
You don't have that yet out in here.
If you have that, on what?
On an Edison cylinder or something?
What are you talking about?
Mom is a little baby love shortening.
Anyway, doctors agreed that trans fats are unhealthy and nearly any amount, including in a hog and dies ice cream.
But there's a little bit in there.
But a spokesman for the restaurant industry said he was stunned the city would seek to ban a legal ingredient found in millions of American kitchens.
Labeling is one thing, but when they totally ban a product, it goes well beyond what we think is prudent, etc.
Said Chuck Hunt.
That was how I had a start.
Yeah, therefore you're good.
Executive Vice President of the city's chapter of the New York State, restaurant association that was said by Chuck Hunt.
He said the proposal could create havoc.
Cooks would be forced to discard old recipes and scrutinize every ingredient in their pantry.
A restaurant could face a fine if an inspector finds the wrong type of vegetable shortening on its shelves, even though mom does love shortening bread.
The proposal was also created a huge problem for national chains among the fast foods that would need to get an overhaul or face a ban in New York.
McDonald's French fries, even though you like them like crazy, Kentucky fried chicken, which would piss off the great omelette con and several varieties of Dunkin' Donuts.
No comment.
Health Commissioner Thomas Frieden in our acknowledge the ban would be a challenge for restaurants, but said that trans fats can easily be replaced with substitute oils that taste the same or better and far less unhealthy, like maybe canola oil or olio oliva.
Kid Bona.
Oh right.
I don't think this is a original.
Let's open it.
Oh.
All right.
Okay.
A similar ban on trans fats in restaurant foods have been proposed in Chicago.
It's still under consideration, although it's been ridiculed by some as unnecessary government meddling.
Stay out of our fries, baby.
Keep your finger out of our fries.
You bastop it or you food Nazis.
The latest version of the Chicago plan would apply.
One of the companies with annual revenues of more than $20 million, a provider named exclusively a fast food giants.
A few companies have moved to eliminate trans fats on their own.
And when these announce an obvious that switch to a new cooking world that contains no trans fatty acids, always like Wendy's unstill do.
And like Dave Thomas, even though he's in the ground.
A Crisco now sells a shortening that contains zero trans fats.
I bet you double be glad to hear about that.
He's a big Crisco man.
Is it?
And Frieden will they remove trans fats from its Doritos and Cheetos.
Craft took trans fats out of Oreos in spite of the fact that George hates craft like poison.
Yes.
Probably got forced by too much mac and cheese as a child.
I like mac and cheese.
No.
How about mac and on Jesus?
How about mac and on cheeses?
How about mac and on cheeses?
The domals began using a trans fat cooking free of cook more in Denmark after that country bad artificial trans fats and processed foods.
And so you have to do so in the USA.
In other words, they could do it.
They just haven't got enough pressure yet.
And this goes idiots like you are busy eating stucking up that trans fat.
It's going to oil clog your arteries baby.
Your CRP is going to be eight million.
Not soon enough.
Your C reactive protein.
See an amazing animal about craft like that because my CRP is good.
Your CRP is amazing for a fat old slide like me.
My arteries are as clean as a whistle.
How is that possible?
You know what's called good genes?
It's called blind luck.
Good genes.
1563 votes on the poll.
I'll call up Joel and tell him about it.
Thank you for your praise.
I'll be in the praise names.
The best fellow ain't no space for a person in your watch.
We'll have the morning.
Radio 560.
You A.M.
Oh, right.
Oh, I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're the monkey.
Where are monkeys now?
I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're the monkey.
You're the monkey.
Where are monkeys now?
Swinging three to three.
Whisk cream.
That's what can show.
No response.
I bet that's what we're all up to.
I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
Where are monkeys now?
I don't know anything.
We're told because we don't know all.
Don't brush our teeth.
Don't come out here.
We don't even wear clothes.
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to our right?
My watch is tall.
I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
She's a monkey.
She's a monkey.
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
Where are you going to make your queens?
He says we're about 40 days away from November's critically important midterm elections and the campaign volume is rising.
That's what President Makaka was referring.
Oh man.
The political strategist campaign managers and the partisans to possibly working overtime to excite their conservative liberal republican democratic bases
trying to get at least 50% of us who registered to vote to actually go to the polls.
As the election years passed, they're going to have a lot of help.
And not just from Pax Labor unions and 527 groups like Move On and Progress for America.
Oh no, we're going to be treated as something or kin to and as close as we should expect to get to, divine intervention.
Evangelical Christians, Jews, Catholics, Muslims and Mormons are already getting rowdy not only on the respected pulpit but in the mail on the air and certainly on the campaign trails.
Now I know what you're thinking that this is America, what is religion doing in politics and what is politics doing in religion?
As it turns out, just about everything and the politically correct orthodoxy would prefer you and I not take notice.
The first amendment of our constitution declares that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
But the devil's in the details, if you will, and the often demonized IRS has taken up the issue where other federal agencies and branches of government have feared to tread.
This summer the IRS set out on the letter warning to more than 15,000 churches and taxes have done property organizations throughout the nation.
The warning letters meant to serve notice that any sort of politicking could endanger their tax exempt status.
The IRS discovered a disturbing amount of intervention by religious groups in national politics in 2004 and determined nearly five dozen churches and charities violated laws against political activities and there are now 40 active investigations in the politicking of various churches.
The mixture of religion and politics is on public display throughout the country.
The Mormon Church ruled out the red carpet for Mexican President Vicente Fox, embraces illegal immigrants in the state of Utah and helps for an industry incumbent congressman Chris Cannon with the Get Out the Vote campaign.
And that's something we got through like almost half the article before I mentioned legal aliens.
Apparently nobody in the federal government is too concerned that the Catholic Church has repeatedly lobbied on behalf of millions of illegal aliens and their supporters for wholesale, an industry in open borders.
Until the Supreme Court ordered him to, the head of the LAR Stysys Cardinal Roger Mahoney didn't think he should cooperate with the law when it came to divulging information on priest accused of pedophilia and he believes it entirely correct to encourage his parishioners to civil disobedience in the case of legislation that secures our borders and punishes those who crossed him illegally.
The Cardinal this is advisable of the people in opposition to court law. Ironically he's now spearheading a draft to register a million new voters by 2008.
We'll find them only heaven knows great song by the grassroots heaven knows the rule that you don't have to play.
Okay, I don't dare mention anything about a song because then before you know it like you know mama's eating shortbread and stuff like that.
The role of religion and politics and the role of politics in religion in this country has never deserve more attention and murdered and murdered more intense examination.
And now religion is dominant in the lives of most Americans as Lou the latest Gallup reveals that nearly two thirds of us are members of a church or synagogue in about a third of us attend church or synagogue at least once a week.
Oh yeah, survey shows many is 250 million Americans are Christians and 70 million of us describe ourselves as evangelicals.
Clearly Christian Americans could dominate our political system and many argue that the outcome of the 2004 presidential election was determined by Catholic voters who shunned Catholic candidate Senator John Kerry and bolstered born again president George W. Bush.
52 to 47 percent alleged what is the constitutional and appropriate role of religion or political lives reverend very little in Americans United for separation of church and state says there are definite limits.
What houses of worship cannot do under federal laws to endorse or oppose candidates for public office they may not use their resources to intervene in a particular race.
House of worship cannot become cogs in anyone's political machine. But isn't that exactly what's happening today?
Lou asks some churches nonprofits have become extensions of both democratic and republican political message machines at the local and national level.
The intrusive religion to our political lives in my opinion should be rejected in the same fashion that we constitutionally guarantee government will not interfere with religion.
The issue is far too important to be left with the sole judgment of the IRS and it's time for all of us to examine closely both in our communities and in our congress just what separation of church and state really means to us and the nation says far bison, Lou God's how do you like that?
And he only mentioned those Daniel Eagle aliens fear for times.
But the reggae Lou I like him just fine.
Beeners of course he had to take a good shot of his empty fox to know.
He's gone now anyway they got that new bogus elected president there.
Talk about a career a country where corruption is a king and queen and prince in princess may he go on believe just ask dog the body hunter a thing or two about that.
How's dog doing? How's he doing what? I don't know. You get us a good out of jail card yet or what?
We hear a little bit about that and then we never really more about it right all of a sudden so I'm not up to date.
Oh I mean her mind well Google it maybe you're not I don't want to hear about he's on he's on any of your five minutes 1580 baby 1580 on the AM dial and not about where that fan used to be was that 50.
That was 1980 wasn't it?
2560 hey you ought to know man they had really important sports people are like silly a gym berry you fairy and more testy distraught everybody you know what this reminds me of every little kid wants to be a sportscaster you know like like nine out of 10 at one point in their life.
I want to be a sport you know every kid who's in his sports wants to be a sports announcer okay and then they grew up and then daddy's got a lot of money and now they want to have a sports station.
They want to have a still want to be a sportsmover like Greg Reed you know a sports big shot and make the big deals the wheel and then dealing with the franchises and then you know throw away millions of dollars and somebody else's money.
Man it is just it's sad is what it is.
Hey but I like it a lot don't you and our George is no more more these days he finds it very entertaining.
What's your about the game man the game the fight the tournament the poker tournament the majeong challenge the shuffleboard turning 20 to one.
I'm sure that the mad dog will be talking about the sunrise like shuffleboard tournaments coming up tonight first round.
See more macaque witz I hear is leading last count.
President macaque witz oh man it is so sweet it is so sweet to see the light of the big spotlight in the sky.
Shot on bigoted narrow minded drooling y'all who's like George Allen.
Yeah his father was a crazy person he was the coach of the Washington Redskins you know for a hundred years.
I did not know George was born and he was so intense that I mean they used to talk about what a lunatic was that's all he knew was football and I'm a sideline.
Before every play he would like lick his thumb that's the one thing I remember about George Allen is he would lick his thumb you know what that means no I'm right I have no idea but maybe want to do a study on it no 19 to 1 a q a.m.
I've been telling you about dry concepts for 20 years because I've used them at my homes for that long in fact over 21 years they've been doing a spectacular job making my carpets in a variety of homes look just like I had brand new laid right on the floor.
And don't forget even worse than your sink your carpets are a collector of germs and schmutz just because you can't see the dirt mold in your carpet doesn't mean it's not in there trust me when I tell you it's in there in South Florida we tend to go long periods of time without opening the windows which really breeds even worse more unhealthy conditions more reason to drive in your carpets on a regular basis and don't forget your carpets will stay clean no longer because they last longer as well on the other way around it comes out softer the colors come out looking brighter in your house most nominee fresh to top it all off dry concepts is even got a plan to make frequent things.
And I'm not just saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying
that I may say a bit more about
the
values cheated at the
values not Pit
eh What is the
I believe.
Was that a good third, Mr. Franken?
Yes, it was just like it, Chuck.
I'd like to thank all involved.
You can plainly see why.
America is doing so well.
Thank you, Mr. Franken.
Any chance we can start getting paid?
The last person to ask me that was Catherine Lamper.
You're lucky to be in my presence at all.
And I might add that if you want to keep your intern job worshiping my greatness,
and don't wave or nod to me if you ever see me on a plane.
That would be Franken on a plane, Chuck.
You well, Franken?
Yes.
Or you?
Well, I am.
And we all have an adabitated.
And you are fired to do the cutbacks.
Now, Scram, she's handed it.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Alright, let's get down to business here.
Don't get bored.
For the Democratic Party.
That's the order.
Or Eugene LaRoch.
Eh?
Give me a call here.
Let's get this network back on the ground.
Who the hell are you?
I am Catherine Lamper.
You can't make me hear you.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
And that doesn't make any sense.
No, no, you're right.
It doesn't make sense.
No.
There you go.
One ended like a national comedy bit.
Oh, you may like when they...
Yeah, like that.
Just like that.
I tell you one thing,
there's your making some big enroads.
Aren't they a scared American?
Oh, yeah.
Not.
The world on fire.
No.
Although we never did hear any more about their 85th
bankruptcy firing that was predicted last
a week was first evident on Friday.
And never did.
Or if it did, we didn't hear about it.
1597 on the pool.
If we get to 1700,
man, it is going to...
All the why don't think so.
I think I'm going to chop it off about a quarter to two
and the pool to...
Oh, okay.
I'm going to chop off my pool right on the air.
Ah!
Speaking of what Lou Dobbs is writing about,
here we go with more of this, man.
If our business is crazy, all the Getskies...
Berlin of all places, man.
What a great city.
A leading opera house called off a production of Mozart's
Edo Minio, that features the severed head of
Profit Mohammed setting off a furious debate to his
over Islam, freedom of speech and the role of art.
Edo Minio.
The Verde.
He's came to Salminio.
The Führer is the latest in Europe over religious
sensitivities following cartoons of the
profit first published in that Danish newspaper.
And of course, the recent remarks about the Nazi Pope.
Kirsten Harms, director of Berlin's Deutsche Opera,
announced with great regret.
That you decided to cancel the three-year production after
state security officials warned it could provoke
dangerous reactions and they currently politically charge
climate.
You don't want to get those ragheads of Salmin.
They get wild.
They get just the very sensitive.
After its premiere in 2003, they production by Hans
Nuenfills, drew widespread criticism over a scene in which
King Edo Minio presents the severed head, not only of the
Greek god of the sea Poseidon, but also of Mohammed, Jesus
and Buddha.
Oh, no.
Well, at least you could rub the Buddha head, though, anyway, right?
With a belly?
For good luck.
The severed head is our in addition, by director Nuenfills,
to the 225-year-old opera, which was last performed by the
company in March 2004.
Harms defended her decision which he described as weighing
artistic freedom and freedom of a theater against the question of
security for people's lives.
But the move immediately provokes strong reactions across
Germany.
Outrage politicians call the decision to pull the production crazy
and a fatal sign of caving into extremism.
Response from Germany's Islamic community was mixed with some
praising decision, others calling on Muslims to accept the rule of
provocation in art.
The leader of Germany's Islamic council welcomed the move, saying
a depiction of Mohammed with a severed head, which certainly
offend Muslims.
Well, what if they stuck it on his shoulders and said, well, we know
Mohammed had a good head on his well.
But an interview with German radio, Ali Kazik, somebody, and I think
it's horrible that one has to be afraid.
That's not the right way to open dialogue.
The leader of Germans, Turkish community, said it was time Muslims
accepted freedom of expression in art.
Turkish community and Turkish tapio.
I keep thinking about Turkish tapio.
Don't let me think about it too often.
Don't.
I like it.
I haven't had it in years.
Pull all your teeth out.
At least your feelings.
Mm-hmm.
You don't like Turkish tapio.
But you're actually never had it.
It's been a long time.
I've had the Latvian tapio.
Not big of a heart.
Probably the same crap.
No.
Turkish tapio is in bars.
Not gay bars either.
Well, like bars.
What you're talking about are like tapio.
It's like you're wrapped in little plastics,
like little pieces, you know?
Well, I've had bars all the time, buddy.
Yeah, I know you are.
And you still are.
You're not even no tapio in there.
Nah.
I have a line I could use on that, but I better not.
So, 1,600 and four votes on a pool, baby.
We could still do a 17-year-old and swish it.
Of course, speaking of swish, that's what the pool is.
The next pool is a reprise of an old one.
But we'll wait until we put it up.
Oh, I don't want to read Maureen Dowd, do I?
That would be like Kami Pinko stuff.
Another Clinton seduction Maureen writes,
she says, at least you're a fall while didn't say Hillary smelled of sulfur.
But he did say that if she runs for president,
she'll be devil evangelicals,
and fire them up to vote Republican
with a dark force exceeding even Lucifer.
I suppose, in Senator Clinton's shrill right wing critics usually portray her as a witch,
being promoted to devil can count as a feminist triumph.
And she's in good bipartisan company with a president,
who is also cast as a devil by a world-class nut bar.
Hillary is morphing from workhorse back to show horse,
paving the way for her historic presidential race,
with a series of big policy speeches,
and she's taking on the other dynasty more energetically.
I'm certain that if my husband and a security team had been shown a classified report,
titled, been loud and determined to attack inside the U.S.,
he would have taken it more seriously than history suggested was taken
by our current president as national security team.
She crisply told reporters on Capitol Hill yesterday,
with a real hussy.
40 years after feminism,
brashly burst forth, female leaders are struggling to figure out
how to blend sexuality and strength
in a way that won't backfire.
Consider Hula Packard, the progressive Silicon Valley company,
Carly Fiorina was fired to chairman and chief executive
after a stereotypically alpha male reign,
while Patricia Dunloster job is chairman after she used
with some critics called stereotypical mean girl substitute,
despite on male board members,
instead of confronting them directly over leaks.
Hillary is also trying different methods,
searching for the key that would allow her to break into the ultimate
Mahogany panel men's club at 1600 Penn.
She'll try to get back to the West Wing based out on what she's done in the Senate,
but on how she's done it.
She's been like a silent film star, lacking a voice in this chilling time,
when the Bush administration has photoshopped the Constitution,
portrayed critics as traders, and spurred terrorism
with a misconceived and mismanaged war in Iraq.
Explaining why she hadn't taken any unpopular stance,
isn't championing no big ideas,
Hillary answered Joshua Greenmorelick,
Deva Dedeville in the upcoming cover story for Atlantic Monthly.
Everything I do carries political risk because nobody gets the screw in the eye,
because he said,
it's not like I have any margin for error, plot, so ever.
She has transformed her method from bulldozing alpha in the White House,
high-handed unilateral and insensitive on health care,
to coalition building gamma in Congress.
Now the woman who hated being first caught on a cold first lady,
charms with the most handkerchief-grapping feminine wiles and stratagem,
from fetching copper for senior male senate colleagues,
to stepping in the background so that pre-email peacocks can hog the live shot.
As one of her male-lades bragged to Mr. Green,
it's so effective because the men who tried to win Peter Husband
don't expect the former first lady of the U.S. to ask
if he want too lumps to sugar.
Fetching coffee I think is too much of Michael Morse of the Columbia Business School,
but any good politician is a good flirt.
Bill Clinton seduced every woman and every man he met.
One hellery aide recently crowed to me about the surprising number of her male colleagues
who have crushes on her,
and the Reverend Falwell may have Mr. Bonding with conservative lawmakers
of Hill Prayer Breasts.
As Mr. Green writes,
Hillary and Sam Brownback work together on legislation,
after the Kansas Conservative gave testimony to the prayer breakfast,
that he realized it was a syndicate of thrash to her.
It may not be treating the other cheek for Hillary so much as
triangulating the other cheek.
The warrior as her staff calls her is not forgotten what she learned from her consort.
The Clintons once pulled onward to go on vacation when they were in the White House,
Dick Morse advised that a camping trip would play well with swing voters,
and on Mr. Green reports that the Clintons moved to Chapacua at least partly in response to polling data.
He also writes that in 2003,
the poster Mark Penn created a 007 secret team to determine
whether Hillary could break her pledge to zero full Senate term
and still have enough political clout away to presidential run.
An assertion that Mr. Penn need to confirm nor denied.
It may not smell of sulfur, but its massive truth.
For a lot of sulfur in the area, you know what that must be, the Elsa Bub.
The devil.
1614 votes on the poor.
What if Grant Coates is taken over that?
When it comes to polls, baby, we know how to dittle with him.
Oh, here's a joke.
Oh, my God.
Do I dare read this?
It's clean.
Mother Superior code all the nuns together and I said to them,
I must tell you something.
We have a case of God or we in the combat.
Thank God, sitting elderly on the back, I'm so tired of shardonnay.
That's huge.
That's a lot better.
Yes, it is.
It's not as funny as President Makaka, just ending in what is, you know?
I'm a cock away, I'm sorry.
I left the Jewish part out.
Mind you, what remind me?
So 1614, we got mad dog here at 2K.
And the most incredible thing is that the teams, the teams, man,
if the marlins were just playing the Astros, wouldn't that be a grand clean sweep?
That would be a little bit too coincidental.
Who are the marlins playing this thing?
Oh, they filled it off the affiliates.
The marlins are officially out now.
They want to lie there.
It's official.
They're done.
They give it a healthy shot and nobody turns up.
Ungrateful bastard, man.
These kids put out a hell of an effort.
Joe Gerardi turned out a tremendous managing effort with a bunch of kids
in the lowest payroll and baseball.
He's going to get the axe and the fans, all kind of man, ought to be ashamed of himself.
There was South Florida, there was South Florida, he's a big jacks tram.
How big?
Huge.
Do I get it?
Well, it's got two stations to support, man.
Plus, Donnie's called peppers.
By the way, check your email during this break.
Well, it's something good.
I don't know, you don't mean.
Well, in that case, I don't see any.
The biggest name, the best talent, the biggest is Neil Rogers.
Force Radio 560, SUAM.
It's got morale.
And when I'm up in Belk and take a slap in all women with paint and lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neil Rogers one and two.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers hair and balance one and two hours.
You falsely accused me of giving Aiden comfort to Ben Lawden
because of what happened in Somali.
No one knew how privately existed Ben.
If you're wrong and you know it, play a question,
then Hosanna is still going to LinkedIn.
Yes!
If the good but it is growing and economy is slow and low,
no matter where you go, it plays a chance.
If you're wrong and you know it, play a question,
absolutely.
If corruption is still growing, play a question,
Oh my God.
If the Middle East is going up to hell and it's showing,
if there were rhythms growing, play again.
Richard Clark and all the intelligence people said that I ordered a vigorous attempt to get Ben Lawden
and paying close to repair when anybody has since.
All right.
And you guys try to create the opposite impression when all you have to do is read Richard Clark's findings
and you know it's not true.
It's just not true.
Just not true, baby.
102 and it's just not true.
What do you think?
So I saw that picture of Moe speaking to you and what about it?
That's the current events.
That's where he's at.
And that says that when we know that, he's doing a game day weekend, baby.
On a weekend on 850, he has no audience.
But he'll pull him in over there.
Believe you me, especially with that new look.
It looks like a real intellectual, don't they?
He looks like a gangster.
Oh, an intellectual gangster.
Like Edward G. Robinson.
Or a little bit taller.
And 16th and 12th, I'm both on the pool.
I think when we get to 17th, I'm cutting it off and I'm switching.
I'm switching them on for tomorrow.
O.T.O. he's still be doing.
Buh, buh, buh, buh.
That will happen outside of Owens Dallas home.
So, Joy, imagine, I'm not sure if you were at the press conference, but I'm sure you heard now.
According to police last night at about 8pm, they showed up at his home.
But they're saying there's no criminal investigation.
Yeah, we already been through that.
Okay, what they'll they want from him anyway.
You know, not a big fan of his and he isn't jackass in many ways.
But he's a ball player.
Okay, what do they want from him, Josh?
I don't know.
What do you want from him?
I don't want a damn thing.
I don't understand why he's depressed.
He's got millions and, uh, right, you know, he plays a whole lot of it.
All these are how chicks that whoever in hell he wants, right?
So, what's the problem?
Well, maybe something that doesn't meet the eye, huh?
Maybe.
Oh my God, with horse season nearing Wellington's got a big problem.
300 tons of manure a day.
You know what they say?
A ton of them in a day keeps something away.
He keeps anybody away.
Mm-hmm.
Ask most horse owners where their manure goes, they'll admit they don't know.
But George Campost does.
I wonder if his name is really compost.
For the past seven years, the owner of a locksahatchy based hauling company has dumped the horse mess
at legal sites.
But now, things are different.
When a county chef down the last dump said in April for violations, Campost began dropping
off manure to tree farms, nurseries, and homeowners who use it for compost.
See?
Campost brings compost.
All right.
Now horse season and the 300 tons of manure a day that come with it is just around the corner.
Oh, yeah, I thought it was something.
There's all this manure coming this season and nowhere to take it.
He said there's no official dump site.
It's a big problem.
The manure problem is vexing the village haulers and equestrians and it threatens the Wellington's
premiere horse shows.
This week, a group of consultants will sift through seven proposals.
I was afraid that we're going to sift through something else the way this thing was going.
They will sift through seven proposals submitted to the village for long term solutions ranging
from a simple central dumping site to a $35 million manure fuel power plant.
Wow.
I heard works like magic.
But a short term answer is still up in the year and August of Wellington, the question to
the Lions announced it was making a deal with U.S. Sugar Corp to dump the manure on its
fallow fields.
I have no idea what that is.
What's a fallow field?
I don't know.
Oh, it's fallow field.
That's it.
Like a, it's whatever.
It's not for you.
I know what it is.
The opposite of fertile.
The opposite of one.
I don't know.
It's not for the original.
I see another word like sterile.
That's it.
That deal is still in the worst.
But manure haulers say they must drive an hour after the company's clues and feels it will
cost too much, even if they are fallow and they're kind of shallow.
Stadium jumping ink, the company that puts on the shows, must submit a manure plan to the
state of environmental regulators, Virginia July 31st, or risk finds it up to 10 grand a
day.
Oh, I think they had to impose the same thing on Joel Feinberg because when it comes to dispensing
manure.
Wellington got in trouble a few years ago and rainfall caused phosphorus, a plant
nutrient, to leach from manure in the canal, flowing into the eberglades.
The phosphorus encouraged the growth of invasive cat tails, which took out native eberglades
vegetation, invasive cat tails.
So the village got tough creating regulations on how manure could be stored in the hull.
But when the county shut down the last composting site last spring, after its plows climbed
to 30 feet.
About 30, man.
Wellington's haulers ran out of places to legally dispose of the manure.
The ebligas solicited proposals, but they probably won't come before the council for months.
Time has of the essence though.
In November, thousands of questions will bring their horses to the village, adding pressure
of stadium jumping deadline next summer with state environmental regulators.
A spokesman from Feltch Media Group, which represents stadium jumping set of companies
considering buying manure compactors and having the droppings shipped out.
When in doubt, ship that, smit out.
Terrify how you say that.
One of the proposals is to build a $6 million manure burning power plant that could power
about 300 homes.
Might smell a little bit bad, but oh man, what power?
It goes on and on about.
About manure.
I think it's perfect for us, don't you?
Sure.
That's the slogan of that company.
We know our craft.
Our catchabee are slogan out in front.
Let's say, Tiroloans, we owe about Tiroloans.
We don't want to do it anymore about that.
Do we have enough about him, you know?
Took a lot of pills.
He's still alive.
They made him puke his gut sound and that's it.
Oh, so speaking of Nancy, this grace, the mother and prime suspect in the disappearance
of a two-year-old boy said her parental shortcomings led to a suicide, according to a letter
released by investigators yesterday.
The main reason I'm doing this is because even after my baby is found, I would not be a
good mother with two jobs in full-time school.
21-year-old Melinda Duckett wrote in the note, and dressed to her grandparents.
A shorter note also released yesterday was that the dress to her parents asked her not
to bother trying to understand her.
Okay.
Police said Duckett killed herself with a shotgun at her grandparents' home September.
Well, I just, I don't know.
Well, as opposed to how Tiro did it, there's a girl that meant to do it.
Yeah.
But with a shotgun?
Yeah.
At her grandparents' home September 8, nearly two weeks after she reported her son
Trenton was snatched from his bedroom.
She had been under intense media pressure, including with CNN's headline news as Nancy
discreased, who questioned the validity of her story and was pounding on the table.
What did you do?
Tips for national news coverage on Gracie's show in America's most wanted to set off
searchers of nearby areas and in the Ocalo National Force but turned up no sign of the
boy.
A suicide note released Saturday was addressed to the public saying she entered her life
after facing ridicule and criticism.
I think Nancy put her over the edge.
I don't care what anybody said.
Actually, I don't really care, but I'm just saying that because I hate Nancy like poison
with that pig face.
Duckett said the boy was all I was breathing for, and she was misunderstood.
This is a last-minute idea, but I felt myself sinking after one week, the one week Mark
of Trent being gone, she said.
Duckett told police she went to check on Trenton as bedroom August 27th and found an empty
crib and a 10-inch cut on the window screen above it.
I bet you John Mark card on it.
Authorities narrowed their focus on duckett after finding some of Trenton's toys, photos,
and a sonogram photo and a trash bin in her apartment complex today after he was reported
missing.
The day before Duckett shot herself, she had a contentious interview with Gracie.
Gracie and her guest criticized the mother for refusing to disclose her whereabouts before
Trenton disappeared.
Come on, Fran.
Gracie released a two-centen statement two day through a spokeswoman saying, Ms. Duckett's
notes do not change where it should be everyone's top priority, helping find Trenton
Duckett and bring him home safe and sound if that's still possible.
That's our show's focus now as it's been from day one of this sad and painful case,
and we intend to stay the chorus, Fran.
That's what she said.
You know Nancy?
Love of Nancy.
Nancy?
Duckett, too late.
Try to tell Nancy the duckett.
She did the duck too late.
What a shame.
1637.
Aren't you excited that we're going to get to 1700 minutes to have time to swish the
pole?
To the gag pole for one.
Well, listen, if at least if I do what I know, it's going to get done.
That's right.
I have no doubts that come, you know, five, six, whenever the mood struck you, that you
look at your wrist, say, oh gee, I'm going to, you know, I have no doubt about that.
Well, I set the calendar on my phone.
Did you really?
Yeah.
Well, forget about it.
All right.
I'll take care of it now soon, very soon.
A new wide field survey of the sky has made its first major discovery, two planets orbiting
far distance stars.
Oh, my God.
The super wasp project uses camera lenses and super sensitive detectors to monitor stars
for tiny dips in light that might be trailing a passing planet.
Is this exciting or what?
The UK led project identified a number of suspects and then handed the data to a French
observatory for checking.
It used an instrument to analyze the light from the stars in detail and confirm the presence
of the planets.
To get to these two, we had a survey of about 1.1 million stars and then go through several
stages of filtering.
It's like a bit of panning for gold from President Andrew Codger, Cameron from University of
San Andres told BBC News.
The two extra solar planets, now known as Wasp 1B and Wasp 2B, are in the Constellations
of Andromody and Delphinus, but 2B or not 2B.
That's what President Makakawitz wants to know.
One is about a thousand light years from Earth.
The other is about half that distance.
They're what astronomers call hot Jupiters.
I thought that was that thing in Wellington called Hot Schmidt.
Very large planets like the gas giants in our own solar system, but orbiting much closer
to their own parent stars.
Whilst our Jupiters, whilst this must be from the BBC, it is.
Whilst our Jupiters almost sent a hundred million kilometers from the Sun and take some 12
years to complete an orbit, these planets are just a few kilometers from their stars,
take only a couple of days to complete an orbit.
This makes them extremely hot.
Not as hot as James Franco, but close.
Indeed scientists think that it'll be 200 or so extra solar planets detected at the
date.
These may be among the hottest of the lot.
Wasp 1B's temperature is estimated to be over 800 degrees Celsius, that's over 3300
degrees Fahrenheit.
Wow.
Even what's your name?
Joyce is that hot.
Not incredible?
Incredible.
That's bad.
So, Pluto's out.
We got a wasp that are coming in.
That's because the new president is going to be named a cockawitz.
He's going to let all the wasps in.
1644, I'm just keep my eye on it.
As soon as we get to about 17 hours, I'm switching to pool.
I eat.
That okay?
I have your permission.
Well, we don't want to set the bar to.
I keep telling you that.
You set the bar to high.
Danny DeVito can't get a drink.
You got to keep topping yourself.
Yeah, right.
That's what I'm going to say.
Come in and set after one at five, 60 WQM isn't a time you took this stress and worry
and source out of last minute, Hurricane preparation.
Every time the big storms come in, there are a whole bunch of people get taught what they're
caught with their windows and shutters down.
The Hurricane Shuttabotlet manufacturer is easy to use, accordion shutters, and believe me,
you ought to call them.
And now they provide experience.
Listen if you like to.
Call 954-237-7083.
They feature role-downs, accordions, and panels too.
Just let our friends at the Hurricane Shuttabotlet custom make even install the shutters for you.
Call 954-237-7083 right now and get on your way to Top Nots Protection.
The Hurricane Shuttabotlet is family owned and operate.
They've been around for a long time doing it right.
They're licensed, insured, and they've borrowed and palm-reached approved as well.
They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels, cut your specifications
ready for pickup or delivery right to you.
And like I said, they'll leave it installed for you too.
The public and all the contractors welcome major credit cards accepted.
And don't forget, mention my name because if you tell them that Neil sent you by,
you'll get $100 discount off a minimum order 350 square feet, what's not to like.
The Hurricane Shuttabotlet, call 954-237-7083.
That's 954-237-7083 around the web, it's hurricaneshutterotlet.com.
The biggest name, so the best talent for this is Neil Roger.
There's Radio 560-UAM.
Radio 560-UAM.
Radio 560-UAM.
Radio 560-UAM.
Radio 560-UAM.
What do my songs seek?
The bombs of power and cheers.
And we're sesame made on the steak.
But my songs are erased.
And in asking them not to use.
What would change a too?
And so what else can the Pope be?
But all upon the cheers.
It was dumb, and now the one is.
And the Pope is gone.
And I say.
When play.
It's a crazy.
Roger, the movie was on last night.
Batman, 1966, you know, from the TV series is a movie.
And the hint everybody was in there, you know, Birdward, Adam Rushburn.
And of course, all the, all the belong there, you know, all the people.
And the one thing I'm wondering if the Pope, you know,
and the Vatican has got a red phone like Chico Herahead in Batman,
you know, the red phone, the back phone.
And I'm sure that, you know, when he makes a mistake or when something,
or I don't know how he makes a mistake, because he's infallible in these matters.
But nevertheless, and the backbone rings from God.
God says, cut the crap, Papa.
They're going to apologize a few times.
You're going to start getting the natives restless.
1653 votes on the pool.
We'll make that 17 number and about, I don't know, whatever we do.
And then we'll switch it for tomorrow.
Then you guys don't have to worry about that.
We'll make that like a regular Wednesday feature, okay?
All right.
Well, because Wednesday is WW, you know what I'm saying?
World of World Wednesday.
Oh.
Chicago, you can forget this syrup,
chefs that they cooking in hospitality and studio.
The Chicago tried to build a record setting stack of pancakes yesterday.
But the wiggling, wobbling stack of flapjacks refused to stay put.
Damn, I hate when that happens.
I'm not that big on it.
And it's good thing it doesn't get any way.
I've never been that big on pancakes.
I'm not saying I don't like them.
Neither.
I mean, they can't be good, but they know waffles.
Mmm.
Waffles.
Why haven't I had a waffle in a while?
100 years.
But again, it's another one of those food items that it doesn't have any taste unless you
you slather it with stuff.
So it's like, it's like a bad steak.
You can take any steak and put like a lot of A1 on it,
or what's the really good steak sauce?
Peter Luger.
Peter Luger.
Yeah, you can put that on there.
Mmm-hmm.
And all you're really doing is just sucking up the sauce.
You might as well put a straw into a bottle and drink the steak sauce and forget about the meat.
A really great steak doesn't require any sauce.
And I have the same with stuff like that.
Organizes why didn't I have a space in the Guinness Book of World Records, but after nearly an hour of work,
and to help up some nearly extra long toothpicks, the problem stack of a better amount of pancakes never made it past 15 inches.
It's not easy, said John Montenegro, the department chair of the schools of baking and
participatory department.
It's like stacking Jenga blocks here.
What the hell are Jenga blocks?
All the kind of like this and it's back.
Well, what are they?
It's a game.
Jenga blocks?
Yeah.
Mmm-hmm.
The tallest recorded pancake stack was made in France in 2003, and measured 27.5 inches tall.
That's over two feet, said Lynn Fotius, a spokesman for Disney on ice,
which corresponds to the event with a culinary school.
That's how we use non-180 pancakes.
A spokesman for the Guinness Book of World Records didn't immediately be trying to call for comment.
They're probably looking up, or maybe they're eating it.
Maybe they're looking off the crap.
Montenegro said the school made 400 pancakes for the event, but discovered the breakfast tables inconsistent with weight and height,
made them arcades, arcades, hydrically unsound, alright.
They were architecturally unsound.
The crap that people do in the cre...
Keep them off the streets, though.
These people could be really dangerous.
Oh, developing story.
Dion Sanders from the NFL Network aimless is on the case.
You're going to get the truth from the man himself.
And Dion, what do you think actually happens?
I mean, he's just what they said, a allergic reaction.
This is what he said, and he's just broken him in.
We have not.
That's why we're talking to you.
He's going to tell you what to do.
What do you think?
Are you going to tell me?
What's over it?
How do you know that?
Yeah.
What's over it?
What's over it?
What's over it?
Hey.
Hey.
What's over it?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
This isn't now.
Is it?
Is it going on now?
Oh, it's.
May have attempted suicide last night.
Oh, no.
These are old ones.
Because he's going to have a news conference coming up.
Another exciting.
Aren't you on the edge of your seat?
Yeah.
Come on, man.
T-O, T-O, baby.
We'll probably be hearing that news conference.
Are you important?
I would imagine.
Who is?
We is.
I'm getting it.
We are human, man.
Well, well, let's start it right now, then, for crying out.
Here it is.
Jay, you even just your insight for a while?
Oh, yeah.
We have the jackpot.
We have the money.
I can't be natural.
You can't stop.
You can't stop.
Well, I'm glad he's okay.
Bottom line.
And James Krim, thank you so much.
Thank you, golf.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, golf.
Now, we're going to, again, everybody.
Let's show a light picture because we are going to be continuing to monitors.
You just heard from James Buddy Prim.
He's the traitor of T-O, and saying that, no, there was no suicide attempt.
That may be some mixture happened with the medication.
Right.
You're going to continue to monitor that.
As soon as that happens, we will bring that to you light.
Now, let's move on to Washington.
No, that's not, Rita.
Oh, well, maybe they want to send you your fat ass to Washington, but everybody got enough fat asses there already.
So we'll keep monitoring that.
Well, what do you mean we're going to be carrying it?
What are you talking about?
I'm joking.
Come down.
No, you're not.
You're dead serious.
I think you're going to figure that out where you are.
I'm trying to look around and say, hey, this isn't a radio stage.
This is a sports club.
This is what it is.
Which he's getting a little bit closer, but everybody knows that it's a gay club you wore on.
Right.
Well, now, how are we ever going to track him down again?
Not that I necessarily want to, but I was thinking about him the other day.
What, whatever happened?
I don't know.
He was like, did he?
Did he?
I guess.
Why, he's round.
Not as round as he used to know.
Can't afford it.
It's just amazing what America does to people in the, and of course everybody else just sits back and watches.
You know, they just let it happen.
They just destroy people like poor Al Goldstein.
Well, I guess he had a coming for that sony-folding our station.
Venezuela plans protesting against USA.
Caracas.
Oh, it all ever go there.
It's a horrible place.
Caracas.
President Hugo Chavez yesterday said Venezuela will summon the US and bancing it to wish away.
Diplomatic protest against the foreign minister who was, or rather, let me try it again.
To wish away, diplomatic protest after the foreign minister was temporarily detained by authorities at New York Airport.
Foreign minister Nicholas Maduro said the authorities at JFK International tried to first hand him a Saturday as he tried to catch a flight after attending the UN General Assembly session.
We're going to put him out a protest note, and the US ambassador in Venezuela will be called, Chavez, told reporters.
And in that protest note, it says that happens again.
We'll be obligated to give at least equal treatment to whomever.
In other words, you want to do it with us. We'll do it with you back, right?
Just like they said in the Godfather.
They hit us. We hit him back.
They hit Bruno Tataria four o'clock this morning.
It was Tessio said that.
Remember that?
It sounded like his best friend just died.
Not quite as depressed as though when he said,
can you give me off the hook for all time, say?
Can't do it salad.
Can't do it, Sally.
He said, don't call me Sally.
1658, all right?
Just now that they have picked the twin cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul, of course, popular places and bun places for the 2008 presidential convention.
That's according to GOP sources quoted on the AP wire.
Again, the Republicans have selected, according to GOP sources, stated by AP, that they have selected the twin cities.
That's surreal.
And that was exactly the way it was going through my mind.
It's like an out-of-body experience that can't really be happening.
Okay?
This cannot be for real.
Keeping in mind, you know, having had my satellite dish in Amsterdam, you know, in Washington,
MSNBC, they're knowing it's on all over the world like CNN.
It's on the satellite all over the world.
People are watching this.
She can't even come close to speaking.
She can't even come close.
And what about that Oprah for president, baby?
How can there be so many stupid women in one place?
Is that possible?
Is it called those centuries of repression?
It's got like a mental effect?
Yeah.
Oh, Oprah for president.
Oprah, she'd be great.
26 past one at 560 W.
What do we got on the fifth, 1658?
We may have to like, I don't know, we're going to wait until we get to 17 or not.
What do you think?
You could.
Or we could not.
Well, let's build a drama, baby.
Drama.
Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz and Pompeño.
Mercedes-Benz and Pompeño is now under new ownership and new management.
At Mercedes-Benz and Pompeño, it doesn't matter what time of month you buy your vehicle,
whether it's the brand new 2007 E-Class.
They're full line of great convertibles or they're live-selecting certified pre-owned cars.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz and Pompeño, you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing
incomparable service for you to.
A complimentary loader vehicle and complimentary car wash is two.
Browse the Rindoor Expo with over 150 new and used vehicles or just go to the web and click on
benzpompeño.com.
Mercedes-Benz and Pompeño open every day Monday through Fridays 9 to late, every Saturday
9 to 6 and every Sunday noon to 5.
Experience the difference called 1-800 new bans you'll find them at I-95 in Copens
Road.
That's 1-800 new bans for Mercedes-Benz and Pompeño.
And Mercedes-Benz do you like no other in the universe?
The biggest name of the best balance.
This is real Roger.
Force Radio 560.
1-8-M.
Oh my god your breasts are beautiful.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Alright.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
Point Islands held two.
I'm going to tell you.
Now, we got something for our sports guides for really stinking their teeth in!
Oh, what do you got?
What do you got?
What do I got?
What do you got?
What do you got?
I'm going to come to Newman or exciting.
I'm going to cover up a piece of the shared cheese here.
It's my lunch.
Anyway, close that to the poll.
I got the new one up there so you guys don't have to worry about it.
That was pretty gentle.
Very sweet.
Here's the final result of this one.
How much do you usually listen to WDQ on these days?
Inquiring minds, why don't you believe you and me?
We are on the edge of our seats.
Only listen to the Eelshow 914.
54.8%.
This is just blow you away.
It's pretty impressive.
Wow.
Let's try to do something about that.
Fast.
Quite a bit 193.
Sell them 127.
