We don't dare, we don't dare let's bury our heads
A rat can't stand, we don't dare let's bury our heads
We see the things that happen to us
We don't show hope so far, we'll be so happy
We don't dare, we don't dare let's bury our heads
We don't dare, we don't dare let's bury our heads
We don't dare, we don't dare let's bury our heads
I'm dying on the head
You're free and free and is beautiful
And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos
But we will
And the seven states are in its five hour houses
There's a gig of master's house
So what's bad about our own?
We don't see the love of freedom, it's not
Let's take the love of freedom, it's not
Let's take the love of freedom, it's not
Because those sashors can tell for what they seek
They need the loyalty present
That'll only in the same fight that they got
We're gonna triple upon this love
We're gonna embrace on thisväg
off
off
I apologize for the very lame bleed that I had to put in there, but I sure I did a pretty new version.
I thought you were sending me a new version. I'll give it to Boaker today.
Okay. 12 troop numbers in Iraq. How about that Tom Brady and the Patriots last time?
Oh man, did they kick some Viking ass right there in Minnesota or what?
Absolutely.
You guys didn't see the game.
Oh, I was busy moving. Again?
I'll be moving.
Jeez, you're like a freaking gypsy.
Like a transient, a bag of ice.
Hey man, years come real quick.
Man, he's a traveling man.
Why?
I move every year. I don't stay in the same place.
Why is that?
You're moving on up.
No, the red moves up after you've got this big deal.
There's a big new deal now.
I'm sure the Joe's taking real good care of you. Just like Chris Jones is taking real good care of us.
One thing about QAM man, nothing ever changes.
You know, neurotic repetition.
That's why there's no point in talking about it. The tech show up man, that's all I care about.
12 troop numbers in Iraq speaking of numbers.
With the US death toll in Iraq passing 100 this month.
And I don't want to hear about Tony Cornhole or his man crush on Tom Brady.
All this other stupid crap. You know, just so embarrassing.
So all the while I tell you one thing, he sure did look good last night, both in the game and on the sideline.
But doesn't he always?
With the US death toll in Iraq passing 100 this month.
And midterm elections just days away. In fact, I'm kind of wondering, can this must match, though.
Tom Brady or Brady Quinn?
By the way, George, you forgot to buy Brady Quinn a birthday gift. His 22nd birthday was just three days ago October 27th.
Hope?
The quarterback of Notre Dame, Brady Quinn, a real stud.
Hope?
With the US death toll in Iraq passing 100 this month.
And midterm elections just days away. The number of US troops in Iraq has swelled to 150,000.
It's the highest level since January after US troop build up for the Iraqi elections in December 2005.
A Pentagon spokesman attributed the growth in size of the fourth to overlapping unit rotations.
But the stepped up operations of so far failed to bring the violence under control, as we well know.
The number of US servicemen and women killed in Iraq this month. And today is the last day of the month. It's Halloween.
It's at 103 and one of the bloodiest months since the 2003 invasion. And it's Halloween today.
Election day is a week away in all 61 US Army soldiers, city one Marines, two Navy sailors and an airmen have been killed in action.
While two soldiers and a Marine have died of non combat related causes, four non American coalition soldiers were also killed.
In addition, five US civilians were killed in tax spring in the monthly toll for the coalition as a whole to 106.
More numbers, man. All the numbers all the time. More statistics.
Speaking of statistics, here's the result from yesterday's poll. What's the worst thing about women?
1377. There's a total number of votes. Mood swings 276. Non-stop bitching, 220. Never say what they mean 164.
Unrealistic expectations, 157. Nagging, 154. How come we left gossip off of this thing? They gossip like crazy.
Covered with laughter. Expensive on for that. Yeah, we left some good choices off here. Nagging, 154.
When they get saggy and sloppy, 102. When their boobies are hanging down to their ankles, saggy and sloppy.
I hate this poll 89 6.4% where you know what? Too bad. We liked it. Nothing wrong with them. They're great.
All of them. Even the sloppy old saggy ones 83. They never forget 78. They have no sense of humor 36. And rush to commitment 18.
They want to get married before you got your pants down to your ankles yet. Well, that's a shame.
How's today's poll come out? And by the way, speaking of that, with a spoon and a filip split, I can't believe that. Who cares?
Wasn't that the important kind of news we're supposed to really lean all over? Yeah, well, she's up.
895 votes on a pool today. See, that's more like it because I put it on a more reasonable time.
I swished it. Oh, Rick Santura, man. He hasn't got a Chinaman's chance in hell. MSNBC is all over his selection stuff like non-stop.
How about that big debate last night? Did I watch it? No. No. And for Rodrigo who sent that fax yesterday almost demanding, well, where's that story? I got it.
I sent it along to Josh, but he didn't put it on our website probably because it's too long. No, that's...
No, what? You didn't get it? It must have been a problem because I...
Wait, imagine report. All about Charlie Christ and his 16-year-old boyfriend and about...
And actually stuff about other people too, like David Dreyer of California. There's all some pretty interesting I'll get to it.
And I'll see if there's a way we can get you to put it on the web. Certain if not, reset it. I'll do it right now.
I can't resend it. What do you mean, resend it? I mean, you can't. Why could? Am we right now? Right now. Right in the middle of the sentence that I'm speaking right now.
Like Howard Beall said. Turn it off. Right in the middle of it. Yeah. And then he like fluck on the floor. I'm not going to fluck on the floor for it.
Where are you moving now? Say neighborhood. I'm just moving apartments. No. Well, you should get around. I'll say that.
Yes, either. Is your room a movement with you? No, just moving in with another buddy of mine. Straighten up.
Moving in with another buddy of yours? Okay, 895 votes on the poll. 903 now already. Boy, they're coming in and chunks this morning. What are you most addicted to?
Sex 168. The near-roger show 129. Isn't that incredible? Man, that's such a sweet thing. Well, he realized it's my birthday Sunday.
What? At three. It's sweet. Real free. Not a free to the Brady Quinn, but almost. I can't believe he didn't send him a little something. Something.
Hope. The quarterback of Notre Dame. It's your religion, man. Your Catholic University. I just to make sure that he's Irish and Catholic.
The near-roger's 129. Sex 168, of course, is leading sugar. 168. That was my vote. In fact, your fault yesterday. I went out and I got not one but two.
I got not one but two of those. What the hell is the ice cream? I don't know. Those cones. Oh, it's drug sticks. No, not drug sticks. Oh, drug sticks are so plain.
Man, they're for sissy's drums to get out of here. What the hell is the ice cream that I'm all whipped up about? See my, it's an age thing. Brain fart.
Oh, whatever the hell they were. And then I went and got some other crap. All because of you. Yeah, I will die.
Sugar 116. Pornow 112. Now look at that. You lump all those four together. They're all been pretty well sexed this show. Sugar and a porno. I don't see much difference.
I'll literally used to be a lot more pornographic back in the day before the FCC decided we can't say crap or do anything on the year.
And before joy stuck her fat ass in there too. Hey, we hate you, bitch. I hate this poll. 41, 4.5%. Oh, pot. I left that out. 61. They were addicted to pot.
We find carbs. Oh, I skip away to hell down here for some reason. Pornow 112 TV 76. We find carbs 62. In other words, other than sugar like chips and dips and crap.
Pot 61. I hate this. 441. Bruce 39. It was a late edition. We apologize so that Josh would have something to hold on gambling 19. The internet 17. Sleeping pills 15 caffeine 14.
Well, if you have too much caffeine, you better start popping them sleeping pills. Okay. Well, I'll tell you those days when I have long sessions that would bind you know I'm drinking all those free diet sodas.
Mm hmm. P in a lot of that. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, I have to put a cup on a machine. Make sure somebody's watching it.
Run and pee eight million times caffeine 15. Sleeping pills 15 cocaine 13. Hero 111 sports nine. Oh, we're so sorry and meth six. What a meth. I go to for meth. What a meth we weave when we practice. What do mean you voted for meth? I did. I didn't want to
be a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I'm not a meth. I
Am a killer. Am I a killer? Am I a killer. Am I a killer? Am I a killer. Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer. Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer. Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? Am I a killer? How I'm gonna give you an idea of what I'm starting out, I mean, you've got your job here to fix it
In the past ten years, and here's a little interesting trivia for you if you ever go on the Mike Spindell trivia show.
In the past ten years, oh, when is that starting? I'll tell you one thing, there'll be no punches pood.
In the past ten years, no, since it is this regime that we got running this joint right now,
I just, there are no words to describe what they've done here. It's just astonishing.
Amazing to me. But thing, I have to log shilled up, and of course, your sales manager,
he's like his predecessor now. He just avoids me like poison. He won't even come in here no more.
Because he knows he hasn't got a leg to stand on. He lies like crazy.
In the past ten years, six of the non-academy award winners for Best Actress ended up splitting from the husbands or boyfriends they thanked an Oscar night.
With his bones drank, Halle's buries, Julia Roberts, Winnith Paltrow and Helen Hunt.
The exceptions are Charlize Starran, Francis McDormand, and Nicole Fibman, who was unattached when she won.
Now she's probably got issued now that she was married to that queen.
With his bones established, herself as a major box office draw her start of the 2001 comedy Legally Blonde,
and scored a follow-up hit with Sweet Home Alabama. She went out to with Best Actress Oscar earlier this year for a role as Johnny Cash's country singer Sweetheart June Cardin walked a line.
Well, I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the second. That's all I love it.
Noley disclosed court documents to Winnith's bone recently sent to lawsuit she brought in June accusing Starr Magazine of falsely reporting that she was pregnant with a third child.
Maybe she's just getting a little chubby or something like that. Maybe he had a little chubby. I don't know what the deal was.
But anyway, he's okay. He's a good actor and spread the fact that you keep picking on him for that one movie they did the bad devils.
One can't get over it.
He was a nightmare.
One movie was that. That was way of the gun.
Way of the gun. Now that's a good movie.
Okay. You don't think so?
I couldn't get passed on accident.
Wasn't your boy in there? What's his name?
An easier adult tour.
An easier adult tour always.
I always put a good job in the movies. Even some movies on.
Oh.
1014. That's our QAM anti-sports time. How about those patriots, baby?
Oh, man. They just wiped those Vikings right off the field.
Hey, I guess it's October 31st. It's Halloween. It's the last day of the month.
And as a result, it's a little backwards.
Lands chance to get to the race of the thousand gold.
That's right. For the first time in a little backwards history, they've been out to sell a thousand cars in one month.
And as a result, they do all kinds of spiffy things for it.
They've even been even better deals than usual.
They've got the biggest selection of new and used cars and food in those hot new corvettes, which I love as you know.
Trucks SUVs and minimans anywhere in town. They've also got used cars starting at just $39.95.
Every single one of them backed by a car-fax guarantee.
And they're staying open till midnight. See what'd be nice to get like a follow-up on this Chris.
And the branch mutes who's out of time. Be nice to get a follow-up because obviously today is the 31st.
So I guess they're staying open till midnight tonight. And then, you know, get in there.
You know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I'm saying they were like left out in the lurch. These bastards, these lunatics, man.
Just put a bunch of spots on the log. That's all these people are all about.
This Chris Jones, man, is gone to go back to Alabama to ban you up his ass.
Forget the price. Make them an offer at Lou Bakrothi.
They will beat any deal because they want to get to that thousand. Maybe they already got to a thousand.
But you know, they're not going to tell you. They give you lots more money for your trade.
Zero percent financing rebates up to six grand. Whatever it takes to make you a fabulous unbeatable deal.
Only at Lou Bakrothi, really, we're having by and by my corvettes another car for years and years
because they give you unbeatable service, fabulous prices. They treat you with velvet gloves.
Two locations for you. You'll find Lou Bakrothi and Pompano Beach, a quarter mile west of I-95,
and a coconut creek on 441 just south of the Sog where I don't forget their stay open till midnight tonight
because it's Halloween the last day of the month and they want to get to their goal.
So go to Lou Bakrothi, having for the best deal you ever heard of in your life,
or check them out on the web at Lou Bakrothbacchr.rodt.com.
How much Chris Jones sent you in?
The biggest name of Chris! That's his current idiot!
The Unrotkursus 42560.
The Unrotkursus 42560.
No.
The Unrotkursus 42560.
You sub a bit unsettered and had lived to compare how Tom Brady picked up women to have some regular,
official, pick-up women. It was slightly funny, but not as good as a bit they didn't have the balls to do.
Comparing how Tom Brady picks up women to how Michael Vick picks up women, starting with Tom's introduction.
On top Brady and then moving into his routine.
Hey Lisa, you look pretty hot today. Maybe we should have lunch sometime.
Oh, well great!
How about some more?
Okay.
Great. See that?
Now, let's hear Michael Vick's introduction.
Hey, I'm Michael Vick. I mean, I mean, Ron Mexico.
Yeah, that's it.
And he's routine.
Hey, Lisa, you look pretty hot today.
Maybe you and I should go to lunch sometime.
You know, you and me, Ron Mexico.
Oh, well great!
How about tomorrow?
Okay.
Great, I'll see you then.
But hey, Lisa, one question.
He doesn't matter so much of my genitals oftentimes become inflamed with some open sores due to something that people like to call.
Herpes.
Does it?
Lisa, come back!
Lisa, that's why I don't tell nobody that.
And that is why Tom Brady gets more women than Michael Ron Mexico Vick.
Oh, that must be it.
Another was some reason.
20 past 10 at 5.60 WQM now.
Josh had just emailed you that thing.
The way you imagine me, Port, did you get it?
I'll have to see.
Let me hit send it to you.
What do you mean you'll have to see?
You said send it to me right now, like right in the middle of a sentence.
I mean, you're pushing me around, pushing it.
He's clicking.
And I just sent it to you.
Now, it's long and it's got a great length, but I don't know how you do that.
I don't know how you put something that's got pages and pages.
Maybe you're just not capable of doing that.
Maybe you don't have the ability.
I'm not talking about that.
I guess I just want to do it.
No one's nervous.
What a schmuck.
Didn't he just say go ahead and send it to him and he'll do it.
He can't get it on the right email.
He's sending and receiving.
What are you talking about?
Sending and receiving my ass.
Yeah, probably.
That's a big bar.
Hope you got a big computer.
He has a real email client, so you know, that downloads the email into his computer.
And now he can see what's there.
You got it?
Is it from Smarking Chip?
No, it is not.
Well, then I don't have it.
How could you not have it?
Wayne Madsen, you know what?
Oh, yeah, I just got it.
Okay.
You are, you know, something.
No one will keep moving out.
They probably keep kicking your ass out.
Why don't you just admit it?
He trashes the place and so he's got to leave.
So what's your new roommate story?
Where did you find this guy?
I actually lived with him before I moved in with my current roommate.
Okay, no comment.
Just take a look at that thing and if you do something,
I know it should go in for a buddy, but you got that.
I'm not going for anything.
I'm not going for anything.
Whatever you do, you know, the power to it.
Have a good time in your life now, because you know,
Rod Rigo yesterday sent us in that caustic, rather caustic facts like,
well, how come that stuff you read on Friday isn't on your website?
Well, it would be if Josh get his head out of his ass.
Out of his roommate's ass.
The Wayne Madsen report.
Now we've had some other Wayne Madsen stuff he put on there.
He's an investigative journalist out of DC from deep inside the Washington Beltway.
It says here on his website.
Anyway, I've got it all right here in my hand,
whether you have it on there or not.
So we're trying to get it on our website, and if not too bad.
It says, let me find this.
I mean, there's so much on here.
It says, we now have our gubernatorial endorsements and campaign website links up.
There are a number of Democratic women running in ticket-wide races.
They will know how to keep the GOP sexual predators in line.
That's basically what most of this stuff is about.
About the perverts and Republican Party, which we don't mind perverts.
I like perverts being one myself, but I don't like hypocrites.
Right.
He says, legitimate human and civil rights versus a secret to GOP homo-rotic cabal
is the real social issue in this election.
The GOP is hyping the New Jersey Supreme Court Civil Union ruling an anti-game marriage initiative
as a number of states as reasons to boast about their fanciful chances of retaining control of the Congress.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
This election is about constant GOP lying in hypocrisy on the issues of the rights afforded the U.S.
citizens regardless of sexual orientation.
According to senior Democratic sources in the House, the Pagegate scandal is merely the tip of the iceberg
of the predatory nature of a number of GOP congressmen, Bush administration officials, and senior staffers also.
The GOP is trying to make the claim that the House ethics committee, which it runs, is almost finished with its investigation.
However, senior Democrats in the House claim that there's been no investigation merely a cover-up to douse the flames from a serious sex scandal
just days before the election.
Who we come today, the last time I checked?
Can I interrupt you for a second?
Go ahead.
What is this? Is this one article, this whole page?
It's all different dates going back.
No, it's a series of entries on these dates are a series of things that he puts on his website.
So you want me to just put it up the way it is with all these dates and...
Not necessarily. Why can you pick and choose which ones you put on there?
Absolutely.
What did he say?
Absolutely.
Well, if he could do that, then the one starting October 27, 8 and 9, you see that?
Yeah.
And then that going...
Now, there's some other stuff on there where it's got like...
Oh, it's a schedule of where he's going to be and the book signings.
Forget about that.
And then, thinking about Dick Taney running around in his underwear in front of his daughter's little girl friends years ago.
And then, through the one October 25th about Charlie Christ, which is the one everybody in Florida's whipped up about,
and then it shows the copy of his individual tax returns from 2005 and 2002.
Do you see that page?
Can you see it?
Not yet, but I'll find it.
No.
Anyway, can I get back to this stuff because whether you can find it or not, we sure has got a lot more people listening
than we are going to read it on our website.
That's for damn sure.
And if we don't wear big, big fat ass trouble, I'll tell you that right now.
Is that true?
Sure, why not?
Tip of the iceberg.
Democrats point out that House Speaker Denny Hester is four top-aids.
Chief of Staff Scott Palmer is Deputy Chief of Staff Mike Stokey,
Pastor Liaison with the House clerk's office Ted Vandermeer made,
and former House clerk Jeff Trandall of all been implicated in the House Pace scandal,
along with the entire House DOP leadership and current and past Republican members of the House Page Board.
Then there's the odd case of former Mark Folly and Tom Arnold Chief of Staff Kirk Fordham,
who came to Washington in his 20s and managed to nail the job of Chief of Staff to Folly,
in position that's usually held by an older and more experienced Hill veteran.
Before working for Folly, Fordham served as Deputy Chief of Staff to Oklahoma Republican Senator James Inhoff,
who probably claims that he never had any homosexuals in his family until when, question mark,
Fordham testified about an incident that occurred in either 2002 or 2003 when a drunken Folly attempted to enter the Page dorm.
The question remains as whether Fordham was a witness of that incident,
and if so, what was he doing at the Page dorm with Folly?
Maybe he was going to give me a helping hand.
Sure, he had the handquarter.
Fordham said they informed Tom DOP AIDS of Folly's behavior with pages three years ago,
but there's a big difference between making an official report and merely discussing Folly's conduct with peers over drinks.
If there was an official complaint, there's certainly no record of it in the DOP-controlled House,
and this is what concerns senior Democrats.
The House Republican leadership has continually covered up sexual misconduct by its members and their staff,
and this goes on pretty interesting crap in here for next, which I'll read.
And the gosh is working feverously to get some of this crap on our websites,
or why do we go on others?
We'll be pacified.
Especially when we're thinking of that.
I don't know how, I don't know if we're going to be able to do that.
I'm going to be important.
I don't know that I'm going to be able to put this up.
Why not?
Email the Eric.
I don't know, it's just a mess.
I'm sure Eric, what is it?
What is it?
Well, meaning you have to diagram out a story, and this is a big cluster, you know what?
So I don't know.
A cluster what?
Ford.
Cluster, Cluster, Fobia?
That's it.
No.
Hey, listen, do the best you can.
That's all.
Nobody's going to come in there and bust your chops because of it.
I guarantee Chris Jones, you're right going to come in there.
He is just, just what I thought, a Rio de Janeiro from the Carolinas, man.
Nothing could be fine in sending back the Carolinas.
In the morning.
Remember that song?
Yeah.
27 after 10 at 560 WQM.
That's our anti-sports time.
We got Mad Dog at the AAA Arena at 2.
The Power Hour with Hank and the Mad Dog at the AAA Arena at 4 to 5.
Hump her from the AAA Arena at 5 to 7.
Now, what's that got to do with the Panthers?
We got the Panther preview at 7.
Panthers and the Sharks at 7.30 and then he came to the hockey game.
Sharks are pretty good, by the way.
But I want to go out there and watch the game because they can have a lot of empty seats.
Hey, Dalmatians is celebrating a birthday.
It's their 30th.
About 30, man.
And to celebrate Dalmatians and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best-selling Simmons VD-Rest pillow top.
You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons VD-Rest and they give you the same day delivery, too, like always.
If you're finally ready for a good night's sleep, call Dalmatians at 1-800-Matris and get yourself factory direct prices award-winning service, no nonsense, no off-brands, no repost, no rush-luffin' around town.
Dalmatians has trouble on financing with Dalmatians.
You pick the date and time you want that delivery and they show up.
Seven days away from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. when it's convenient for you and your ass, you pick the two-hour window, like 11 to 1, noon to 2, etc.
And they show up.
Even the same day that you call, if you like, if you call them right now, you can be sleeping in serious comfort as soon as tonight or doing whatever you want to do on that mattress.
That's why Dalmatris is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction and why just about everybody here at QM use Dalmatris.
On the web check them out at Dalmatris.com or just pick up the phone and make that 1-E.C. call 1-800-Matris.
1-800-MAT-R-E-S-L-O-F-L-A-S-T-S because it stands for Spokesman and Stupendous Sensational Savings.
The biggest name, so best talent for this is the Eurotris 4-3-0-560-E-U-A-M.
And that's a great club you'll more on.
Go ask them.
They're not straight, but only the whole world.
Another time a public room or a liquid hole.
They know Neil Pan has the reason.
The first time I saw this was a big surprise.
I was like, I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
I'm not sure if I was the first to see this.
Okay, so we're going to get right back to this Wayne Matten thing.
He says, never less than a parent that a clerk for it and became a potential problem for Foley.
Foley's office in 2004 and became the finance director for Florida GOP Senator Mel Martini as the Senate campaign.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
He then secured a job with DCI Group of Lobby and PR Group that's closely connected to the Bush administration.
And it's counted among its major clients, Microsoft, AT&T, RGA Reynolds, and the military junta of Verma,
which is also posted in any hastard as previously reported by WMR, the Wayne Matten report.
October 4, 2005, Fordham was hired by Reynolds Chief of Staff at a salary of $38,837 per quarter,
not an insignificant salary of over $155,000 a year.
On top of that Democratic House Services report, the Reynolds Plaze Fordham on the payroll of his
Public Lotion Committee, Tom Pack, what if that's kind of Tomcat?
Salvatore.
Salvatore, which had was flush with money from Foley's dubious campaign coffers in Florida.
Democratic Services all what if that's kind of Tomcat?
Salvatore.
Salvatore, which had was flush with money from Foley's dubious campaign coffers in Florida.
Democratic Services also report that the FBI was brought under the case by the GOP leadership to silence everybody about the case
and silence and cover up as the order of the day.
Foley Quentin was quickly sent to the Sierra Tucson Rehabilitation Center in Arizona,
which specializes in addictions and personality disorders.
It also has previously treated the likes of Whitney Houston, Ringo Starr, and Rob Lowe, hey Rob!
You're fairing!
In typical Robe and Fashion Foley's petarist conduct was blamed on a petafal Catholic priest far away in the multi-zyland of God's O,
diversionary tactics, Fordham Coen to his Richmond Virginia based attorney is away on vacation at his after his ordeal.
Everything and everyone are being tidied up neatly by the GOP except for the damage inflicted on the House pages,
a senior Democrat member of the House summed up the scandal as a home or erotic network that extends from the House pages to the White House involving everybody's orifice.
The Congressmen pointed out that the Centers of Network, our Republican National Committee chairman Ken Milliman, gay,
and his one-time one-house boss Carl Rove, as far as Rove is concerned, the House member stated that he's been hiding behind two beards,
wives that covered her as homosexuality for years.
Is that what you were always saying?
Yes, I was. Just look at him.
How do you like that?
What do you mean just look at him?
What kind of that look at him?
Look at him, the pudgy-faced, fat-footed wacker.
We can also report that well-informed House sources now report that another.
By the way, you've got to accept their juxtaposed acts, you're not speaking to guys who fell out of a figure with their boyfriends.
I mean, with the roommate.
No, but Eric's working on it?
Eric is dealing with it.
Eric will handle it.
He's going to leave me if anybody can handle it. It's fat-air.
He's going to unravel it and re-ravel it.
So how do you like that? Carl Rove, behind two beards, told you.
I'm telling you this, I'm interested in crappin' here if you listen, which I doubt.
We can also report that well-informed House sources now report that another Republican member who soon be caught up in fully-like problems
is DOP representative David Dreyer of California using his powerful position as rules committee chairman.
Dreyer's repeatedly, reportedly, help provide cover to Haston and the staff for the DOP Petterus Network on Capitol Hill.
This election is about permitting the DOP Petterus Network to continue to run Washington with impunity.
We've already seen the DOP pouring money into the Minnesota Scythian-Rational District in support of far-right Michelle Bachman against Patty Wetterling,
whose 11-year-old son Jacob was kidnapped a kid that 17 years ago by a masked gunman.
The same like of predatory creatures now lurk with impunity in the Republican Party leadership at all levels, local, state, and federal.
The DOP and their North American man-boy love association, Nambla, and affiliated supporters do not want to see Ms. Wetterling using a US House of Representatives' bully pulpit to rule in their cryptic and secretive lifestyles.
That's why they're doing everything to ensure that Bachman wins this particular seat.
Ms. Wetterling is the Petterus to worst nightmare.
There has never been a real champion for missing an abuse children in Congress, especially someone who has personally experienced the personal and family trauma brought about by these lowest forms of humanity.
The DOP had Petterus Mark Foley as their co-chamberly, House Caucus on missing and exploited children.
If he was their best choice, just think who and what were the DOP runner-ups.
Now, we get to some more interesting crap.
People in the New Dictinian Wyoming before he served in the Ennis Administration say he always had an unusual pension for hanging around young girls some as young as seven years old.
Cheney reportedly walked around in his Wyoming home and his underwear, sometimes when his two young daughters' friends were visiting.
Cheney continues to think of himself as a rock star around young girls.
In 1969, Cheney left Wyoming for Washington, where he worked for the cost of living council at the Office of Economic Opportunity in the White House staff.
Cheney served as a congressman from Wyoming from 1979 to 1989. This was during a time when two major page scandals, both involving Republican members of Congress, Rock Capital Hill.
They were the Korea Gate scandal and the Page prostitutes visiting the White House in the late 80s in 1981, Lin Cheney wrote, Sisters, an Old West novel containing lesbian themes.
Dick Cheney's close friend and former chief of staff, Scooter Libby Pandan, called The Apprentice.
The following is an excerpt from Libby's book which features its main character, Yukiko, drawing hair on the mound of a little girl.
At age 10, the madman put the child on the cage with a bear trained a couple of the young girls so the girls would be frigid not fall in love with their patrons.
They fed her through the bars and aroused the bear with a stick when it seemed to lose interest.
When this editor was growing up, says Wayne Mads, and there were certain houses we were told not to visit for trick-or-treating in Halloween.
If the Cheney's lived in our neighborhood, their house would have been at the top of the no-go list.
All the new kids out there don't go to Dick Cheney's house tonight.
Or Mark Folley or Kirkford or more or Carl Roe, or there's a whole bunch more.
I did like that. I'd say this is good stuff or what?
It's great. And then we get to the Charlie Christophe coming up.
Excellent. After the break.
So there you go, Roderick. He inspired me because I really couldn't define this.
I looked and looked at the day before on whatever the day before was, Sunday, Friday, whenever the hell was.
Couldn't find it.
And as Joshua will testify, it's hard to follow this stuff because it's like a daily series of entries on his thing on his web report.
I can't even see titles anymore. I just see text.
Just scroll through those puppies.
Terrible take care of it.
You're out of your league a little bit. Now we understand.
You do a fine job, but you're a little bit out of your league.
Plus, the tremendous stress and strain of moving last night when with your new roommate.
I mean, your old roommate.
How old is this roommate about?
Not even good at guess.
Okay.
Well, you're going to answer the question. I mean, you don't have to.
It's not nobody got that.
I believe he's 28.
28. Oh, Tom Brady is 29.
Oh.
Hey, listen, any guy 28 who has a male roommate, I'm telling you right now.
19 to 11 is our 550 QAM sports time.
Baby, I heard some real heavy duty stuff.
I heard Eric Reed talking through his teeth this morning on our morning sports show.
5.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompo.
Because at Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, it doesn't matter what time of month you purchase a vehicle.
They always give you an unbeatable spectacitor deal.
Whether it's one of their brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class,
the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV, or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars.
You can't beat them with a stick.
Even a stick that they were putting in to prod the bear with.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing
incomparable service, offering expressed lube, courtesy of vehicles and complimentary car washers too.
Make it employment through their business development center.
You can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles on your air thing.
Brothers, Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, is in direct spot with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles.
Or check them on the wicked web at benzpompo.com, www.benzpompo.com.
Experience the difference.
Call them at 1-800-New Benz, any WWE ENZ.
That's 1-800-New Benz.
Experience your ultimate i95 in Coppins Road.
Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, a Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other.
The biggest name of best talents in the business, Neil Rogers,
Force Radio 560, UAM.
And hold it.
The problem is all inside your head.
She said to me,
the answer is easy if you take it logically.
I'd like to help you in your struggle.
To be free, there must be 50 ways to leave your lover.
You just live out the back jacked,
make new plans.
And you don't need to think or worry.
Just listen to me.
A hundred of us just,
you don't need to discuss this much.
Just run up on the key.
Believe in yourself.
Free.
1046-14-11.
Where did this fast come from?
This is Christina Hogg, a whole thing from the hero.
It came from the fast machine.
Wow.
Somebody wants to rub it in.
This isn't a hero.
Well, thanks so much for passing it along.
We had a little bit about this yesterday.
But why not rub it in real deep?
But first, yes.
That convoluted, weird story is up, Eric handled it and it's there.
What did I tell you about fan Eric?
Is he the best or what?
No.
He is the best.
It's up already?
Seeing Josh was like,
oh, I don't know how to do that.
Where do I stick it?
Yeah.
We'll tell you where to stick it.
Let's see.
There's that Hog-faced Nancy Grace, and there's Al Gore and there's Stephen Colbert.
There it is.
Wayne Mads and GOP, homo, Radica Balls.
The number one story.
Cheney fancies himself as a rock star around your girls Christmas, sweet 16 friend.
Let me click on that and see what pops up.
Look at that.
And he's got it laid out there just the way you would do it if you had the ability to do it.
Josh, bunch of impressed.
Are you looking at it?
I'm about to be.
Nice going there.
Eric, you are phenomenal.
Man, this guy is a computer wizard.
Just goes to Shoey all those late night trips to the parliament house having affected his
mind yet.
But before we get back to that, it's on our website now.
Take a look at it.
Rodrigo.
Christina Hogue writes in the hero today,
Power 96 struggles with ratings and revenue.
Oh, right.
That's bad.
That's not good.
That's bad.
But now that we got Joe Bellen charger with air down the hall, when you think things will really turn around real fast?
Sure.
Look how fast he was on the uptake on QAM turning things around.
Christina Hogue writes,
Beasley broadcasts,
I'll get back to the other thing.
Don't panic.
Beasley broadcasts group with parent company of Power 96 is making personnel and programming changes
at Power 96 in an effort to boost ratings and advertising.
We want some money, in fact.
If you don't start advertising on Power 96, we're going to start writing some sliders, baby.
They're going to take the telephone book of it.
We are pages and just start writing up contracts for people I never heard of us before.
Company Chief Financial Officer Caroline Beasley told Analyst in the conference call
yesterday that overall third quarter sales at Power 96 dropped 10% while local spot market sales
did 14%.
The South Florida market overall was up 1%.
So they're out of sync, man.
They're moving in one direction while the marketplaces moving steady or up a little bit.
Meanwhile, Power 96 looked from the second place to third in the summer ratings book for its target audience 18 to 34 year olds.
What's the big stimulus with that?
Second or third?
Especially with a craft beer plan that game Reggae.
What is it?
Regatoning.
Regatoning music.
Company President Chief Operating Officer Bruce Beasley said that Power Sales staff was expected to change strategy and anticipation of the ratings slide.
This did not happen at an acceptable level.
He said, oh no, poor baby.
Let's buy some lunches and send them over to Naples to the Beasley's and Joyce.
I'll tell you what to put in Joyce's by the way.
Some of this company is brought in new operations director is recruiting a new General Sales Manager.
He said first we're going to fine tune the music to drive the ratings.
New operations director isn't that Joe Bell?
I think the GM.
I don't know what he is.
I don't know what he is.
There's this new guy in some office over there.
Wow.
We got a new guy in an orifice.
Power 96 is soft performance recited as a key reason for Beasley's dip in revenue and profit for the third quarter.
They cited a $2 million across for the rights to the Marlins for QM Sports Radio 560.
We had that in the story yesterday at Boring.
The Naples based chain is one other words, we're losing our ass on the Marlins.
But it's a game.
It's a sports thing so we like it.
You know, I'll or Joe Bell hates it.
He's trying to get rid of it.
Here at a bit Joe, get that monkey off our back.
Beasley posted what we're doing that.
Top of that.
For the year today the company said that income is down 22%.
While revenue is declined 3.6% to 90.3 million, let's take up the poor babies.
Let's go out and take up a collection.
Bruce Beasley said that management changes his WQM made earlier this year, starting the year results.
Oh, aren't they ever?
Well, Power 96 is a website which accounts for 5% of the stations ad revenue.
How much ad revenue we got on that QM website that you're in charge of, Josh?
A lot.
Actually, if you look at it, it's like a big commercial.
Is it?
Yeah.
Good going.
Like I said, that bonus is coming any day now.
Now, can I get back to my main, main, main, the way in the man?
It's not a website because Eric, the aim of the thing we put him in charge, Josh generally gets the job done.
But when he's up against it, when he's reached the end of his capability,
then we have to call him Fadaric.
And Eric puts down his four sandwiches, his breakfast sandwiches, probably cross sandwiches, bacon and cheese from Burger King.
He puts down his sack and he gets on it.
Maybe he's got some potato cakes in there too, you think?
Potato cakes.
Well, that's the arbys, isn't it?
They do have potato cakes.
Potato cakes.
And then of course they got those fabulous Jamokra shakes too.
I get the shakes just thinking about that.
Don't get me started with food again.
Yeah, but as you'd see how you did that?
You're going to blame me.
Where the hell did that come from?
You.
Not me.
That's the last thing I'm thinking about is food.
You believe it?
No.
You know what the first thing I'm thinking about is, isn't it?
You're right.
Food.
Well, okay, get on to Wayne Madsen's report here.
Let's see.
Charlie Christ and his sweet 16 friend.
Wayne Madsen reports colleague in Trip and Florida investigative journalist John Kailer of Insider Magazine.com.
His uncovered evidence that GOP Gubernatorial candidate Charlie Christ maintained a gay relationship
of the 16-year-old male 10 years ago.
Christ born on July 24th, 1956 is 50 years old.
His one-time partner born in 1979 is now 26.
Christ was floored to Attorney General was able to hide his personal details under the patriotic inspired
shield laws designed to protect law enforcement officers.
Allegedly, live with his young partner, condom, and he met one beach drive in St. Petersburg.
And you'll notice on the story if it shows up in whatever error put on there.
There are the photos of the US individual income tax returns, the 1040s, from 2005 and 2002, with two different addresses.
After Christ allegedly into the relationship with the young remaining decided to seek higher office, Christ decided to claim as his legal residence.
The one-time shared address with his partner, one beach drive in St. Petersburg on a federal income tax return.
However, when he lived with his partner, Christ ordered to avoid detection, claim the address of his parents, three bright water circle in St. Petersburg as his legal residence, and there's a picture of that.
1040.
Wayne Madison Report is also learned that the number of gay Republican kingprings in Florida media have on behalf of Christ's campaign, interceded with editors and publishers to prevent any news coverage or investigation of Christ's alternative lifestyle.
In fact, many Florida's leading newspapers have endorsed Christ.
How do you like that? That's in the Wayne Madison Report.
I'm just passing along when he's writing. I don't know if it's true or not. I'm just telling you what he's putting in there.
I do believe any of that propaganda. I sure I believe it all.
Wayne would have bought some hypocrites for a deal with, like Miss Fudge, for example, with a silly hat, a silly hat and a chrome dome, a silly queen man, a silly sellout.
There's one thing I cannot stand as people who sell out. Although, I'd be interesting to find out what the price is.
What are you most addicted to? By the way, David Brock outed you years ago, Miss Fudge. So don't be giving me no song in advance.
You're not to mention Lynn Samuel. You're a good close girlfriend. You're a fan of your girlfriend.
I can't figure that old bag out at all. Can you? No, no, thank you.
Bag ramps with a fan of your girlfriend.
1556 goes. And look at that. It's 1054 on a clock, and it's 1056 on a pool. You see the tremendous, the young, the young in the yang, the young in the out.
Cosmic coincidence. Wow. So who do you like better? Tom Brady or Brady Quinn? Are you supposed to be asking me that?
I'll take them both together. I have a, like, a Brady sandwich or just a Brady bunch.
Oh, for me. What are you most addicted to? Sex 198. See? You think it's just me talking pervert, like crap like that.
Sex 198, Neil Rogers show 140, sugar 135, pro, a PORNO, 123, TV 82, and boy, whoever had PORNO on TV, I mean, free TV.
Although most of what they put on is pretty photographic, like there is that John McCain with a big cheek, phony baloney, never met a war he didn't like.
POT 69, refined car of 68, booze 55. I hate this pull 44 down to 4.1%. They're getting into it now. They're getting into it and onto it.
The internet 34 caffeine 24 gambling 21 sports 15. Oh, how very sorry. But that's only 1.4% of our vast audience who are obsessed with sports.
Sleeping pills 15 heroin 14 cocaine 13 and meth six. I think for a lot of these those sports nerds, I think sports is a substitute for sex.
Yeah, I mean, I don't want to mention any names, but I, you know, some people who are professional sports nerds can't get any.
And so this whole sports obsession is a substitute for having a sex life, you know, getting any 10 56 at 5 60 WQM.
So we got mad dog and a Humper 2 to 7 and then we got the pant and preview of 7 o'clock Panthers. Hostess San Jose sharks at the Macarena at 7 30.
That must be why the mad dog and the Humper are doing a AAA. It must be a heat thing. Even that's why Eric Reed was under polluting our morning show this morning.
Nice going Clarence. No matter who the morning host are, you still inflict the same old stuff on him over and over and over again.
We can take that point nine from September and turn it into a what's the point for October? You know, by the way, Halloween tonight be nice to those kids.
Don't give me any crap. Give me some good chocolate. That's right. Give me some good chocolate, man. Give me some M&M and the animals.
You know, auto accidents are really traumatic experience. Do I have to tell you that? No. Of course not.
Shock, stress, grief, sorus. It's something nobody wants to happen. But when it does, you need help answering all the questions that will race through your mind.
What do I do now? Do I need medical treatment? Do I need an attorney? My internal compensation? So many questions and where do you go for real answers?
You need to be sure you get the right number. The first time you need help to get the right answers call one Tribal 8 Crash 61.
It's a free call. The last year questions. There's no obligation. One Tribal 8 Crash 61 because you need answers not another answer.
24 hours a day, seven days a week, you can call them at 1-888. Crash 61. It's your auto accident hotline. One Tribal 8 Crash 61.
toll free, no obligation. It all of your questions answered about your auto accident. By making that one toll free call, one Tribal 8 Crash 61.
That's 1-888. That's why I did yesterday because of George. 8888. Crash 61.
The biggest name. The best talent. The biggest is Leo Rogers. 4th radio 560.
2AM.
This is the Leo Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Hillary Clinton says she's a good senator. But what you don't know is she's ugly.
In 2001, Hillary entered a Washington DC ugly contest and was turned away because they told her, sorry, no professional.
In 2003, a congressional investigation labeled Hillary as a nine iron. She's good from about 130 yards away.
Can we really afford to elect a senator who's UGLY and has no alibi? On November 7th, pull a bag over your head and pull the lever for John Spencer.
I'm John Spencer and I'm pretty.
Oh, yeah, pretty grotesque. Who's he? Remember all the wrinkles on his pussy yesterday? Oh, cratered. That's wow.
It's 11-01 at 5. So if you, that's our sports intensive time. How about those patriots? Tom Brady picked apart that Minnesota was secondary last night like an adult playing against a bunch of children.
They kept chewing them on the sideline. Every time he took his helmet off, they were like obsessed. Whoever the cameraman was, all I can say to you is, you're fair.
Wow, obsessed with Tom Brady, just because he's a pretty guy, you know. And see, a lot of people don't understand that.
That's because he's got a pretty face. Don't mean he ain't no great athlete. That's why I'm really sick and tired of hearing about Sandy Payton Manning all the time.
Well, he's on Dr. Lay the greatest quarterback in a gay ass screw him. Okay, he's idiot. Who do you think's better, Josh? Tom Brady or a Sandy Payton Manning?
Payton Manning. Idiot. Thank God we got Eric to get that straight out there. By the way, if you want to see the graphics on there, the photos.
You know, I'm talking about the photo copies of the 1040s. It's not that important unless you don't believe that they're there, but you can go a click, go back and click, which is linked to the original article.
Well, he's posting that stuff right now, posting what he's going to be putting up the pictures of the tax return.
Oh, in fact, he's a headier. They're already on there. Like I said, you need not to go back to that link. That might just think if you go to the link. There they are right there. The 1040 from 2006, five, whatever it is in 2002.
Well, it is Eric. Man, I meant to to this moment, I always knew he was good. He is a magician. He's a man.
An investigation has revealed that two dozen federal judges contributed thousands of dollars to Republicans who helped place them on the bench salon as reporting today.
A four month investigation of Bush appointed judges by the Center for Investigative Reporting Rights, Will Evans, reveals that six of public court judges and 18 district court judges contributed to total more than 44 grand to public physicians who were influential in getting them the appointments.
Huh? I might just probably coincidence, when you think? Of course. Don't be so skeptical and don't be so cynical. You will fag.
Some contributed money directly to the president after being officially nominated by him, the article reports. Other judges contributed to Republican campaign committees while they were under consideration for a judgeship.
Evans, the several Republicans who received money from judges on route to the bench among them, Senator Arlen Specter, Governor George Pataki, and senators Rich Santorum and Mike DeWine, both of whom are going down next week, by the way.
And they will. They're going down. The article says there are no laws or regulations for having political contributions by candidates for a federal drumship, but political giving by judicial candidates has been a rarely scrutinized activity when the process that determines who will receive lifelong jobs on the federal bench.
Some ethics experts and Bush appointed judges say that political giving is inappropriate for those seeking judicial or office.
It can appear on ethical. They say it could jeopardize the public's confidence in the impartiality of the nation's courts.
The president selects most federal judges with significant input from U.S. senators of the same party in Ohio that processes totally controlled by party politics, says Tom Hegel, professor of University of Dayton Law School of Law, and part time trial judge.
If you don't have the blessing of the county and state party, chair party, chairs, you can stop right there. He said his brothers Republican Senator Chuck Hagerlob, Nebraska.
Believe me, he says they've got to get approval all the way up the line. In other words, there are a bunch of books.
Come on, you hear about the time that there's a bunch of books.
A pile of garbage, man, just like Doug Thompson says. Where's Doug Thompson's editorial, by the way?
Got it in my pile. I don't want to lose that. That would be really sad and bad. KFC cuts trans fats.
You know why they're cutting the trans fats, don't you? Because they're taking a lot of heavy duty crap. I don't know what I did with that Doug Thompson thing.
Can you believe that? Because that's just very much unlike me. You know how much I've had his input and output.
God, where the hell is that? I'm doing the break. I'll read a print of the dude once again.
Well, I can't believe Eric's got the whole he's got the whole nine yards on there for you.
So I do like that. Rod Rigo, or whoever the hell you are with your phony name, Rod Rigo, my ass.
Who do you trust to handle Iraq? Here's the new pool. Republicans 33% Democrats 45% unsure 11%. How about ragheads?
When they put that on there. Okay. You're not doing too good with your. Here's Carl Levin with those of Bipocals on down to the tip of his big nose. God.
It's a good thing he's Jewish. You know when he's got that schnaz. Because if he had like a tiny nose, the bifurc he'd look even sillier than he already does.
He's a good guy. He just got a funny pair of glasses.
A naturally known law enforcement official son reports today's New York Post. How come the stories in the hair of the sun?
I wonder who pleaded guilty nearly a year ago to try to buy 400 pounds of pot from undercoverage and is still free while his coat of fint in languishes in federal prison.
New York Post has learned. Sean Timon, 26, clearly December 21st, the last year to conspiring to possess with intent to distribute marriage.
A wee 400 pounds of pot even George don't go through that in an hour.
Since then, his sentencing date has been postponed twice, allowing him to work an undergo drug counseling the attorney said.
The fact that his father, John Timon, is currently the police chief in Miami was the chief of the Philadelphia police and was one second in command of the NYPD has raised questions as to whether or
said is getting preferential treatment. I just can't believe that. Can you? No, that would never happen in America. No.
I think when someone has pleaded guilty and he hasn't been incarcerated nearly a year after the fact, you can draw your own conclusions from that sort of source close to the case.
Does this mean he's getting special treatment because of his dad is? I don't know.
The younger Timon was busted November 1st of last year along with Jay Sau, a sue, S.C.U. 23 and one of his kinder junior sale.
After they handed over a double bag step and nearly 450 grand cash to another covered DEA agent and a rock-and-county motel room was down payment for the 400 pounds of pot.
But the whole episode was a sting captured on tape and Timon didn't sue where arrested as they left the motel. Maybe that's a boy named sue.
Timon was released after his father and mother Noreen put up their Miami condo as collateral for $100,000 a bond.
Sue of Benside Pennsylvania was also released on a hundred grand bond. Since pleading guilty, Timon has been allowed to remain free, restricting to the states of New York and Pennsylvania while awaiting sentencing.
I'm sure as hell hopefully that that's what they are doing. Send his ass to Buffalo to cheek to Waga to dunk her cord to Pew.
Sue on the other hand, paid in Kildy February 20th was incarcerated immediately said is lawyer Lee Ginsburg, who I'm sure must be related to Arnie Wu-Woo Ginsburg.
Sue was sentenced in August for 27 months in prison. However, Timon's lawyer at Hanes said it's not uncommon to be in free so long he had no recuity when in a drug treatment program went to the work in a construction phrase.
What we said to the probation department is give him a chance to turn his life around the degree to be flexible. He wasn't the organizer of the mastermind of a drug ring just a driver. He was just a driver.
You must attorney Richard Hartunian agreed there's no hold up. It may have been a journey once it twice this happens in a federal court from time to time.
It's all just another bloody coalition and saw your skeptics out there. All you lunatics always looking to pick on people. I better find that Doug Thompson thing. I can't believe I can print it out fast in two shakes of a landfill because I have a real slow snow connection.
The C.O.P. sleaze racism, bigotry and homophobia that's the title of Doug Thompson's rant. I'm clicking print and I just clicked that baby in a light flash in the back there on the wall. The bulb flashes, you know, they're both plugged into the same outlet. I thought you think it's going to need it is although in a sunset when you're finished to read out the bulb flashes and it takes like an hour later the story may print out or not all depending.
You hear that machine. Can you hear it printing? No. No. Here comes. Now what's going to happen when this machine burns out?
Yes, I better get another one of these. Doug Thompson writes on the Capitol Hill blue rant with the parties back against the wall. The Republican sleaze machine went in a high year this past week.
Appealing to the inherent racism, bigotry and homophobia that lie within G.O.P. extremists, hoping that fear and ignorance will turn the tide and election they can't win in truth or on the issues.
Republican National Committee Paint for a TV ad in the Tennessee Senate race, hoping that racial overtones can be reeled to red democratic candidate Harold Ford by suggesting he chases white women and parties with Playboy center falls.
Even the executives of Walmart, hardly a bastion liberalism found the Tennessee ad so despicable that it severed its relationship with media producer Terry Nelson who created the ad for the G.O.P.
We believe this is the right course of action while Mark spokesman Dave Tovar said, but in the balls of the Republican National Committee headquarters in Washington, these sleaze machines and sleaze merchants rubbed their hands and glee and patting each other on the back.
We made race an issue with Tennessee, bragged one G.O.P. political operative. That always plays in our favor. Yes, it does. Republican Party is so overrun with racist, bigots and homophobes that appealing to such stupidity always plays in their favor.
That's why President Bush, the bigot and chief, turned away from the taxes and terrorism issues he's crumpled in the past civil waste and only stay homophobic tirade against gay marriage while campaigning among Southern red necks.
Array! For decades, activists judges have tried to redefine America by court order Bush said yesterday while campaigning in the backwoods of Georgia.
Just this last week in New Jersey, another activist court issued a ruling that raises doubts about the institutional marriage.
We believe marriage is a union between a man and a woman and should be defended. But Bush's remarks are just the tip of the G.O.P.'s homophobia.
In Indiana, rabid right wing Republican incumbent John Hostiller is running a 60-second radio ad that claims Democrats and San Francisco Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi will pursue a homosexual agenda if they win control of the House in next week's elections.
Pelosi will then put in motion a radical plan to advance the homosexual agenda led by Barney Frank,
reprimanded by the House after paying for sex with a man who ran a gay brothel out of Congressman Frank's homes as the ad, go ahead vote for Brad Ellsworth, make Nancy Pelosi's day.
This is typical Republican gay bashing of few years ago Republicans tried to win control of the Vermont legislature with a campaign that's a Democrats-favored program that urged elementary school children to experiment with gay lesbian sex.
Equally appalling is the Republican hypocrisy on gay issues, it is after all one of their own, Congressman Mark Folio-Florida, who's caught up in the scandal for pursuing young male pages.
The Republican leadership of Congress ignored fully Xandex for years because they consider it more important to hold on to his seat.
They're holding on to his seat.
Raccoon! Such annex provide more justification for why the party of the elephant must be driven from the halls of power in Congress.
Homophobia, racism, and bigotry have no place in our society. Unfortunately, these outdated fears driven by ignorance and stupidity still exist and they'll continue to exist as long as the Republican party draws its strength from fear and intolerance.
Aren't you glad I printed that out again? Very much.
So your buddy Doug Thompson has whipped up into a frenzy until they come and take his ass away, which I'm afraid may happen one of these days.
Well, he might be well hidden. I sure hope so.
He's in the hills. Maybe he's hanging out in Georgia's place up there. Maybe?
So if anybody wants to raid a joint, it's Georgia's hangout up there in the Carolinas.
But look, I just send Chris Jones back up there to why you're at it.
Did he ever come in? Did he ever pop his head in the door and say what's going on? What the... Can I hit you guys?
No. No.
1102 votes on our poll, by the way. We got 11 at 11.
Metric signing?
Oh, and your city mayor, Michael Bloomberg, is a hot on the campaign trail with Jew Lieberman. That also must be just a coincidence, huh?
The fact that the Republican mayor of New York is out there campaigning with alleged former Democrat and now independent candidate and gets to the New York Times and is worse than that race, by the way.
I give up.
Niddle of mine.
All right.
Don't forget it's not only Halloween. It's the last day of October, which means it's probably...
I don't know because nobody will give me information. That's just the way it is with Chris Jones at the helm and with Brian Schmutz.
Why did you tell me you wanted Brian Schmutz to come back? He is such an absolute retard.
It's Lou Backro Chiebies raised to a thousand for the first time in their history.
They got the biggest selection of new and used cars including those hot new corvettes, which is the ultimate...
Not just sports car, the ultimate vehicle of any kind. Take it from me.
They got your trucks SUVs, minivans, huge selection.
They've also got used cars starting at just $1,395 every one backed by a car-fax guarantee.
And Lou Backro, with their goal of selling a thousand cars this month is staying open till midnight every month and every night during the month of October to get that thousand number, whatever it is.
Forget about price. Make them an offer they'll beat any deal. More money for your trade.
Zero percent financing rebates about the six-round whatever it takes to give your ass in a card an unbeatable deal.
Only at Lou Backro Chiebies two occasions for you. They're in Pompato Beach, a quarter mile west of $1,95 and coke on a creek on $4,41 a.m.
Just southern to Saga Ratch. Don't forget this day open till midnight tonight.
So get your ass over at Lou Backro for an unbeatable deal on the new Chevy Ruhr dreams or check them on the web at Lou Backro, B-A-C-H-R-O-D-T, Lou Backro.com.
The biggest name of some best talents.
With the basis, wheel roger sports radio 560s, U-A-M.
Let's get in stick it.
Hey boys and girls, it's me, Jareloans. It's time for T.O. spare talent.
It's one of my favorites. Nidda Jack Horna, sat in a corner.
Wide open all day long single coverage and through petrol came to get the moral too. I'm open, man, I'm open!
Wait, that's not how little Jack Horna goes.
That's because they T.O. spare talent. Here's another one.
Simple Simon, Metapyman, who couldn't cover the taller, stronger, more athletic to Mareloans? Nobody could cover me. Not even Jack Bailey!
Who's Jack Bailey?
They're right. Who he think he is? Who Jack Bailey? Who he is?
He's scared me.
Take this one out. Nidda Miss Muppet sat on the top of it.
Board off her ass because Bill Pustells wants to run the ball all game.
Folks don't come to say him, see that? They want to see T.O. run the post-polls into the end of the Georgia stand.
There they go!
Shoot her. Here's a short one.
Buh-bye, black sheep. I want to be traded. No more anyone is out of here. I don't need y'all. I don't want y'all.
That's a good idea.
No kidding. It's 11.19 even a little kids can finger that out.
Or you know who the payfist's got to play in November the first game in the last game of the month, Josh? Who'd that be?
Colts next week and in the last game of the month they got to play the Bears. Not getting any easier.
They'll kick the rest or not. How about those Patriots, huh?
Wow. So I hear the hopper under are talking about bringing back Buch Dive as Buch Dive as Buch Dive is which is really kind of embarrassing.
And the poor O'Lerry co-cerman you see what happens when they lose a couple of games they're 5 and 3 to hurry games.
That's unacceptable in South Florida because the whole fanbase 90% of its phony is an 80 dollar bill anyway.
And so if they lose a game or two, who wants to go see a Buch Dive crap like that?
Unless a Brawl Brakes out and when they're playing a little girl school like F.I.U.
Well, it's all about the garbage if you ask me you know what? All that Hurricane garbage?
I'm not a name when they're playing. That's another story.
I always love noter name. What's the paper? It's a backup quarterback's name for kid from USC. What is his name?
USC. Is he from USC? I don't think so. Where's he from?
I don't know. I'm gonna have to. I thought they had it.
Look at that. Doing a little work there. I mean, Eric did all the heavy lifting on that other thing there for you.
This is a really easy assignment because he came in the last series there because they wanted really getting injured.
Interest thinking or something like that. He don't look too bad either.
I think whoever is drafting out there, whoever is doing a recruiting for the papers that are fine I.
Now, when you think the dolphins, if they get finished last in it, what's they could?
They got some stiff competition. They're like Arizona and Frisco and whatever.
But if they get the number one draft pick, when you think Brady Quinn would be logically needed quarterback very badly.
When you think? I don't think Brady Quinn's gonna be very good in the league.
Sorry to disappoint you.
You don't know. Wonder your former roommate kicked your ass out. That's what the real story must be.
You've turned really sourd last time. I don't know what happened. Do we know, know what happened with him or what's going on George?
No. Why would I know?
Something going on there. Brady Quinn's not gonna be a very good quarterback. I don't think he is.
How do you know that? Based on what? He looks pretty good to me.
When the New York Times has endorsed Democratic candidate Ned Lamont for US Center from Connecticut.
No one expects legislators to dictate military tactics as the editorial, pretty in the time Sunday vision.
But what we need from the next crop of elected officials in Washington is a willingness to face reality.
It's used from among difficult options and have the courage to be honest with the public about the consequences.
On those points, Mr. Lamont is by far the better candidate to Times rights, acknowledging also that Lamont, while running a far less policy campaign,
impresses with his intelligence and growing sophistication about the issues.
The Times, especially not as Julie Brumman stands on the Iraq War, saying that he not only had continually defended the administrations of Iraq policy,
but also attacked Democrats who criticized the President, he had more cause for soul searching than most,
it failed to show a capacity for growth and change. They said he was far bison.
Instead of re-evaluating his own positions, Mr. Lieberman blamed his constituents for failing to notice that he'd offered some negative comments about the comment for the War II,
mainly when he was running for the Democratic nomination for President in 2004.
He didn't protest when Dick Cheney said that people have voted for Mr. Lamont, were giving comfort to al-Qaeda types.
His only reflection seemed devoted to re-examination of the rules for getting back on a ballot.
Since his primary defeat, Mr. Lieberman has run a well-packaged campaign, build around his self-assigned bipartisan image.
It's not about politics, say, his ads, but it is very much about politics, from the fullest special interest campaign donations that's been running Mr. Lieberman's way to the old Karl Rove lesson,
that political winners never admit to error.
We're living in perilous times, says the Times, being able to work with the opposition party, Mr. Lieberman's claim to fame is hardly a side of moral courage when the opposition party controls the White House, send it in the House.
President Bush did not need Mr. Lieberman's persistence to support on Iraq when he had the difference of his own parties members in Congress.
What the country needed and what Connecticut had the right to expect was for Mr. Lieberman to risk some of his bipartisan clout to call attention to the way Iraq was spiraling out of control.
We hate you, Lieberman. The fatal problem with Mr. Lieberman's candidacy is not that he was wrong about the invasion, but that he hasn't shown any capacity to grow and change, suggesting that getting rid of Donald Trump's role might be a good idea, is hardly a breakthrough at a time when the Secretary of Defense and Supporters are pretty much limited to the present and members of our Trump's family.
Times really ripped you Lieberman's ass how do you like that? You think it's going to get the job done? He's going to win.
That's the Senate Party. He's going to win.
123 votes on that pool. The number one is sex. The ridiculous sex that can't get enough. They can't stop. Can't stop thinking about it.
Morning, noon and night. All these comments about Tom Brady and Brady Quinn and all these fags in the Republican Party. It's all like a sex past. It's like a big orgy, man.
By the way, you're right Matt Kassel from Southern Cal. I've never heard of him.
I know I pay for his man. His name is Kassel. Matt Kassel, not Kassel. That's how I Kassel you're thinking of.
Matt Kassel, he played the last year's play. He's a good looking kid. In fact, he played the exhibition games.
The Brady never played the exhibition games. He played pretty good. Matt Kassel.
Students, one thing you have to groom a young quarterback for your future, which how many years was I screaming about that?
The dolphins never did that after the dandy days. They never groomed the young quarterback to replace him.
That a bunch of stiffs, including the off-engine Dottie's health peppers. And of course, Joey Heatherton or whatever her name is.
My God. Joey Harrington.
Woo. How did they play this coming week? Oh, the bears. Wow.
I still say 63 to nothing sounds like a logical score in that game. Don't you? I'll give it three.
You did all 63 to three for Chicago in that game.
Federal authorities yesterday they formally charged former Palm Beach County and of course if they start out one and what's that going to be?
One in seven? Yeah. One in six. One in seven? Yeah. One in seven.
Oh, what's going to happen then? Is anybody going to show up? No. No. There are people going to be. They're going to be heaving their tickets.
The season ticket order is going to be heaving their tickets into the trash can. They're going to be having a bonfire.
Instead of a tailgate party, they're going to be having bonfires. People burning their season tickets and all their dolphin paraphernalia.
You know how they turn? They turn real fast in that town. Federal authorities yesterday formally charged former Palm Beach County Commission chairman Tony Masalotti with conspiracy to commit fraud by making millions from three secret land deals.
The US Attorney's Office in West Palm Beach set up with seek to find Masalotti 250 grand put him in prison for a maximum of five years and request the forfeiture of millions of dollars in assets.
In a 35 page list of charges, the US Attorney said that Masalotti's land deals in Martin County, Brevard County and Palm Beach County. How do you like that?
In one Palm Beach County deal, Masalotti's accused of receiving between 40 and 50 grand for his assistance in helping develop a developer of soft traffic problems concerning land that I see Palm Beach County was selling in the town of Royal Palm Beach.
Another deal, Masalotti and his family members allegedly got 100 grand in free air travel from a developer who did business with the county and purchasing a former public horse riding area near Wellington.
The property was bought by a group headed by developer Bruce Rendina was only identified by his initials in the charges.
In a Brevard County deal, Masalotti allegedly created a trust called the ARM Family Land Trust in the deal, Masalotti bought some 60 acres of land for 100 grand.
And then while on the commission voted to advocate and publicly indoor zoning changes, dramatically increasing the value of land the charges said, Masalotti then had a part in swapping land for land in Brevard County worth nearly $8 million the charges said.
What you like to buy 60 acres for 100 grand and then swapping for a land that was worth $8 million?
G. Okay. Sounds like a clever guy to me. In the Martin County deal, he and his ex wife Susan made 1.3 million in a complicated set of secret land deals that involved land purchases there by the South Florida Water Management District.
Last Friday, Masalotti announced he planned to plead guilty to federal corruption charges, admitting for the first time to wrongdoing and expressing regret and sorrow.
Masalotti 50 puts the property with the FBI, the IRS, the West Attorney's Office which have been investing in it for six months. His potential abuse of power in the secret land deal in Martin County was enriched him and his ex wife, but was hidden through a secret trust.
Eventually, I will plead guilty, Masalotti be saying good and I hope they fry your ass.
The biggest names of your ass analyzing this is Leo Rogers, Force Radio 560, UAM.
Let's get just one of the laundry, what you think is for while there's a pee.
I can't move out the kids, keep the tenders rolling, please, people don't freeze.
I'm here to do mommy, people don't freeze, cause I've got money, so I've done a lot of taking this baby.
I'm here to do mommy, people don't freeze, I'm a good mommy, people don't freeze, I've got the best money, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze, cause I've got money, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze, I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze, I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
I'm gonna do a nudge baby, people don't freeze.
The message perfectly designed as the press voter turnout,
make election monitoring and recount impossible,
and allow the Republican Party to merge with the victory,
despite overwhelming evidence the electorate wants exactly the opposite.
The disaster in Ohio began immediately after the theft of the presidential election in Ohio in 2004,
though the majority of Ohioans are registered Democrats,
the gerrymandered state legislature is overwhelmingly Republican.
Soon after John Kerry conceded, it passed House Bill 3,
a draconian assault on voter registration,
drives voting rights and the ability to secure reliable recounts of federal level elections.
In brief, H. Bill 3, H. B. 3,
stack virtually impossible set of requirements under the voter registration process,
as elsewhere in Asia and Hawaii, voting has traditionally involved citizens coming to the polls
and signing a poll book upon a signature check from a poll worker,
a ballot has been given.
A similar process has been in effect for absentee ballots,
there's no recent evidence this method has incurred significant voter fraud.
GOP's H. B. 3 has imposed a series of draconian requirements for voter ID,
including the demand for certain documents very difficult to obtain
by many poor homeless elderly or other largely democratic demographic groups,
as in like black.
To further complicate matters, Secretary of State Jay Kenneth Blackwell,
who's now in charge of the same election in which he is the GOP nominee for governor,
has added some additional entirely arbitrary disqualifying factors of his own.
Blackwell was the state coerent to co-chair the Bush Channing Campaign in the 2004 election,
which he also ran while making key decisions that gave Bush Channing a second term in the White House.
On all absentee ballots, H. B. 3 demands an identifying driver's license number or the equivalent,
but Ohio driver's licenses have two codes on them.
The correct one's got two letters and six numbers.
The wrong one is 11 number bureaucratic code that appears above the ID photo.
According to preliminary reports, as many as 10% of those sending an absentee ballot so far
have included the wrong code thus disqualifying their vote.
The process is so confusing that one Republican federal judge and the court proceeding
has volunteered the fact that he actually put the same wrong number on an application for a rental car,
temporarily nullifying his contract.
In Columbus Board of Elections Director Matt Damshroeder estimates that 5,000 ballots
will already be disqualified in Franklin County alone.
So far the wave of absentee ballots torn into the county boards of elections indicates
an extraordinary percentage of Ohioans will vote absentee this year,
many are likely hoping to avoid distressive electronic voting machines,
as well as the long-wishly biased lines attained to the 2004 election.
In response to reports of large numbers of absentee disqualifications,
a federal lawsuit has been filed by Cleveland Homeless Animal Sanctuary as a group on the service
and employees of the International Union.
The suit was then deemed to be a related action to the landmark King Lincoln Civil Rights filing that resulted
in the September ruling preserving the ballots from Ohio 2004 and was sent to judge
Al Jannon Marbley who made that decision.
Last week, Judge Marbley threw out the HB3 driver's license requirement for the absentee balance.
On Wednesday November 1, he'll hold a hearing after tomorrow,
a hearing whether to avoid all the HB3 requirements that are poised to disqualify tens of thousands
of likely Democratic voters on Election Day.
Blackwell himself did not appeal Marbley's ruling.
He's trimming by as much as 30 points in some Ohio polls.
He has been seriously hurt by the widespread belief that he stole the 2004 presidential election
and is reluctant to be openly identified with the other mass disenfranchisement of Ohio voters.
And it goes on. It's America. It's what has become.
It's just the gains with the machines and just all kinds of checanery and crap.
That's what it is. And you wonder why so many people don't give a crap?
They're just sitting there fantasizing about sex right now, about the stuff and about getting laid,
and about doing some heavy-duty drugs so they can like turn off from all of this crap,
and all the dead people in Iraq and all the dead bodies,
and all that crap with Israel with the cluster bombs and the phosphorus,
and all that garbage, and maybe there's many nukes.
Maybe we could have a new cereal for the kids, many nukes.
That's nutritious.
Yeah, nutritious.
They're nutritious.
They're a killer man, 1156 on the poll.
For those who are keeping track, you're following all of this?
Nope.
Anyway, Eric got up that story for Rodriguez and anybody else.
It's the lead story.
It's the number one new story on our website, neorodgers.com,
which he was telling me can hold a lot of money for Eric like that, Power 96 website.
Thank God for that website, that new revenue stream.
Otherwise, the bees will probably be out on the, they'll be out of the Salvation Army right now.
They'll be out for Camilla's house.
Wouldn't you think?
Oh, I imagine.
And now that we got Joe Bella, Chris Jones in there to lead the way, man,
we are on our way.
I can't tell you we're out, we're on the way too, but...
The biggest name, the business, the U.R.A. as in church.
Radio 560, UAM.
Tell me is the all new family feud hosted by Mastery Thessians, John O'Hirley.
Gargings, one and all, to one of the contentious competition,
brought to the ribbledry and frivolity colloquially known as the field.
You know him as Seinfeld, Hari J. Peterman.
Now, he's bringing his super-siliest energy to America's favorite game show.
My valued competitors, 100 individuals have been meticulously queried,
and the six most prevalent responses on the board.
Buzzers are ready.
Name something you would put in your pickup trot.
I'm a fin.
A dirt.
Show me tarot, vera.
Remember one answer, a technical rejoinder.
Well done, not well done indeed.
Family feud, two average families, and one pretentious host.
In his ins of TV land, I'm John O'Hirley and I call you a request,
the honor of your presence for the spirit in Sirifold Danyfrog,
that he's family feud.
Family well and Godspeed.
Okay, it's 11.45 a.k.w.
I'm here as a fact, and it says,
that you might like this based on your funnning with unusual first names in the past.
From Peter King, a sports illustrator.
It says the Rams have no one on their roster named John, Tom, Michael, Dan, Robert, or David.
They do have players named Ashiimogo, Ashiimogo, Thira Mitrius, Rayanal, Pisa, Fakir, and La Roy.
What was that second-last one there?
F-A-K-H-I-R. Fakir.
Oops.
Oh whatever.
What era is usually?
Yeah.
I said that guys got a strange name.
Catherine Harris has tried to become a US senator speaking of people who fix elections.
She says she's writing a tell all about the many people who have wronged her, aw, poor baby.
I think she is certifiable, put her in a rubber room, that bitch.
This includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the Republican leaders who didn't want her to run.
The press that has covered a troubled campaign, and the many staffers who quit her employee,
whom she accuses of colluding with her opponent.
This is from the Washington Post.
She's vague about what precisely makes her a victim, but she says she is at all documented.
I've been writing it all year, she says, and that kittenish voice.
She often smiles and cocks her head as if she's letting you in on a secret.
It's going to be a great book.
If it is, and maybe one of the very few things that go well for the two-term Republican Congresswoman,
once beloved by the Republican leadership for her role in stealing, I mean overseeing the 2000 recon,
that delivered the presidency to George Bush.
Harris was snubbed by those old friends before the primary.
Republican Cheetans, considering her two-polarizing new-and-state-wide race, tried to recruit others,
and fat ass governor, Jeb Bush said publicly, she couldn't win.
She couldn't win a fixed election, he said.
Fun raising has been poor, she's come under scrutiny for her role in a bribery scandal.
She's caught flat for a series of bizarre statements including, in August, if you're not electing Christians,
then in essence you're going to legislate sin.
Oh, how did we miss that one?
If you're not electing Christians, then in essence you're going to legislate sin.
Y'all.
The Democrat she is challenging, the Luke Warms Senator Bill Nelson was once considered highly vulnerable.
Nowadays, according to recent polls, Harris is down by 26 or 35 points, approaching political rigor mortis.
The only way Bill Nelson could lose this, said Daryl Paulson, a political scientist and Republican at the University of South Florida,
is if he got himself in a drug-induced stupor and ran naked down the main street of his hometown.
They can make the polls say whatever they want, Harris, as she says,
Paulson is sometimes called her house and then hang up because we're not answering them the way they like.
The way Harris sees it, a vast left and right-wing conspiracy encompassing both the liberal media and the Republican elite,
is attempting to keep her ass out of the Senate.
She says anyone could see the way the panel of questioners coddled Nelson at their debate last week.
Her voice gets all high and mocking as she imitates them.
Oh, Senator Nelson, she says, I mean, come on.
Perhaps the worst blow to Harris' campaign has been the stories that have emerged from former staffers
that describe a jackal and high candidate who can be seductively charming at one moment
and puts a temper tantrum to the next, throwing a cell phone at a wall or a sheep of papers at a campaign manager
or maybe putting her fist through the wall like Greg Reed.
Former chief advisor Ed Rollins who managed Reagan's election to the White House,
made a force that working for Harris was like being in an insanity camp.
He likened her staff to dogs that have been kicked.
Before he became the first of three campaign managers to quit, Jim Dornin programmed his cell phone to play the theme song
from the exorcist whenever Harris called.
Oh, no. That is absolutely unacceptable to me.
In other words, hey, get through and let you all listen.
I'm longer what Papa Rotsie would think about this comment.
That's a great line, Papa Rotsie.
Yeah, I think about all of them fangs who are like drooling over Brady Quinn.
Good Catholic boy noted in. Tom Brady's also Catholic, by the way.
Do you know that, John? Oh, now I do.
And he's also registered to develop a number of voting in his life and registered as a nonpartisan.
They keep trying to a nail him down, you know, politically like where is the Democratic?
Because Bush invited him to the White House at one time after the Patriots won over three Super Bowls.
And he's smart enough. He ain't going to do it.
Plus I'm sure he's he's got other things taken up his time, you know, like family and his hot blonde girlfriend, things like that.
I'm going to tell you some this Alexis started really frost my ass, you know what?
Good. Well, it's not good because then I can't the email trash 8,000 stories.
But I'm not a normal person. So I would want to know that.
It's called faking it. I was going to do it the easy one.
Put your know why I still love him less than six hours after the accident.
The guy go claim a duster was at my house.
Why put on some tender, anal lip gloss and answered the door?
The guy goes service turned out to be the best birthday present I could ever want.
I was one lucky woman.
A lot of people don't get that spot. That is if they haven't seen their plane, they don't get it.
I know what you need to do to read again.
I imagine.
President Bush's popularity hasn't been void by a series of public events in recent days according to a brand new CNN pool.
Yeah, Bush is a pulverating still hovers in the high 30s where it's been throughout October.
The poll conducted by opinion research corp found that 37% of Americans approve of how Bush is handling his job.
And who those people are, man, I'd sure like to find them and see what the hell is wrong with them.
Those are the faith based people. Reality needs nothing to them.
And 58% is approved. The president's approval drops slightly from the poll taken a week earlier from 39 down to 37.
But the change was within the poll sampling error plus or minus muscle, minus trace, three percentage points.
Popular my ass. Just just amazing to me that same 30 to 35 or 37% has never changed.
And you're right there. They're far better than the guest keys filled with hate.
We hate you. Are you blacks and women and homos and whatever for the song about good old fashioned hate.
Let's take a look at that poll and see how we're doing because I'm not really pushing it today. Am I not pushing it enough?
1175. See we're not even going to get to 12 at noon. That's bad. They're probably having a big, you're programming meeting about that.
Well, what are we going to do to go back up those midday numbers now? How about if we get some good sports segments in there?
Maybe we can get Ira Windbag on other basketballs underway again. Is Ira still on the morning show? Josh, do we know where I'm sure he is?
Sure he is. Yeah. Because this morning was Eric Reed talking through his teeth about fast stuff.
I heard a couple of minutes in there because George came in a little bit later than usual. Or maybe I came in here earlier than usual.
A little of both I think. It was not a pretty sight.
1175 votes. Of course, when I come in here in my underwear, it's never pretty sight. That's beside the point.
What are you most addicted to? 619. The near-roger is your 151. Sugar 144. That's my vote. It's not even a contest.
It is just overpowering overwhelming. And when you got a producer, we keep talking.
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Ice cream and you scream and donuts and cramp.
You're the one that brought it up. It was score. I had two score bars. I did not bring it up. I did not bring it up. I like to show it up.
I had two score ice cream bars. And then I had some other crap. All carb. In fact, you know what? That was after I had my low carb pasta.
What's the point of having low carb pasta? You're going to get in score ice cream bars. It's called Colby and an idiot.
It's called having a death wish. Yeah. I'll take it one thing. Chris Jones makes me want to have a death wish. Not for myself, but for him.
For a porno, 133 is run after sugar, 135. Sweet. TV 92, pot 85, refined carb 72. Boos 67. I hit this pool only 48 3.8%.
Now we're getting back to a realistic number. The internet 41, caffeine 32, gambling 24, sports 19. Wow. Cocaine 16, sleeping pills 15, heroin 15 and meth 7.
7 people say their life is a real meth. And we're always seeing these these exposés on the network news. Well, meth is destroying communities all over America.
And all these people are addicted to meth and it's making a method of their lives in her family. Always seeing that. Yeah. Anybody believe it? No. No. George addicted anything that will, you know, give them a buzz. Sure.
Anything that will distract me from my pain. Sniff and glue. Sure. Whatever. What do you got? Paint. Yes.
Sterno got some sterno on you. Sniff and gas man. Go to the gas station up. It's too expensive to gas up even now. But just down there and sniffing the gas tank.
I pour some on my hand so I can smell my finger. Oh, yeah. I spread it. Yeah, something I hate that when you get like that back splash. Yes. From gas when you're filling up the tank.
So people like to smell gas. Have you pardoned some people like the smell of gas? I hate it. I'm one of them. You like to smell a gas? I love it. Well, here, let me see if I can conjure some up for it.
Oh, no. What was that? Oh, no. Take a sniff that you start in your power more.
Tassam Shaltute. That's the guy's name. He do you'll close. Shmata had names. Tassam Shaltute, former political advisor to Sodom Hussein's son, said today that before the US invasion of Iraq in March of 2003,
Sodom Hussein expresses intent to yield to all American demands, but the Bush administration refused his offer, according to a press release, on Yahoo news. What are Yahoo?
Shaltute is a Canadian citizen who claims he was beaten repeatedly by US office as well in Iraq, in an Iraqi detention camp under suspicion of once having been a right hand man for Sodom Hussein.
Sodom was willing to yield all American demands, announced and unannounced to reach peaceful resolutions instead of Shaltute, but the Bush administration, including Elizabeth Cheney,
under Secretary of State David Welch, US ambassador in Egypt, and Jean Cretz, his political advisor, stated not respond to his offers.
Shaltute claims that in March of 2003, just as he was to read the Iraqi government's official reply to the Bush automated mountains on Al-Jazeera, the broadcast was interrupted and the plug was pulled on the transmission.
He also maintains that later, when the Americans arrived in Baghdad, he offered his assistance to US military officials, but instead was arrested by Marines who went to his hotel suite and took his documents.
Left unmentioned in the press release, our Shaltute claims that he was tortured and abused during his imprisonment. In May of 2004, he told MSNBC's Chris Matthews, I was there to convince Sodom Hussein to step down, and I was in the last hours working on this peace agreement, Shaltute said, and I wanted him to keep the agreement that he agreed to step down when he 15 minutes before the end of the automaton.
That's what I was doing there. Shaltute claimed that he was beaten and tortured, where I held in the Iraqi prison order to extract a false confession that he was once who say in his right hand man.
They wanted me to confess because they found the speech I was going to say and said that I'm not the only speech writer of Sodom Hussein, which I was not, and they wanted me to confess I'm his right hand man.
The ACLU has a PDF link which contains Shaltute's written claim to the US Art Department of the Army, according to his website, Rights and Freedom International, Shaltute is currently running for President of Egypt.
So in other words, Sodom was waiting just about anything to offend off the crap, but they don't know what they're mind.
Long before 9-11, long before the stolen election of 2000, this was part of the game plan, or is it the game plan? That's what's all about.
See, the public thinks that the media is feeding them what really is going on. Media speaking of power, crap.
The media is feeding you strictly your power. In fact, you can smell it. Oh yeah, you're a test.
The media is feeding you with gigantic egg fart. That's what they're feeding you.
Oh, speaking of eggs, I better go out and get some bacon. Good plan. In fact, that one also makes some of my...
You know, I don't think that egg beet is as good for you, you know? I don't know. I wouldn't know.
Probably loaded with chemicals and crap and stuff and binds you up and sticks to the pan and sticks to the fork and the plate and sticks to the wall, sticks to your...
Raccoon innards, stone ribs. Stick to your ribs, man. You know, I haven't had ribs in the so-daim long. I was Tony Romus still around.
Yep. Yeah. Who's the guy? Well, Bobby Robino's the guy that died, right? I read it. Now, is Bobby Robino still around? I don't think so.
I don't know. There used to be Tony Romus right by WNWS on Ludlow Morrow's there by...
As they say, the Dixie Highway. Why do they say the Dixie Highway, huh? I don't know.
Sounds to me like kind of a redneck thing, you know? The Dixie Highway. Ludlow MN, US1. Right. That's where WNWS used to be, just off the corner there.
Right across the street from the convenience store that they kept knocking off all the time after the Maryl Boliv.
If that poor bastard, some miracle he was still alive. Maybe he's dead now. Maybe they came back and got him.
You know, the building I'm talking about, it's a small white, looks like a small house. I wonder what that building is right now, you know?
It's not WS News. WS News moved across the street, didn't they? Like down 441, where the ticket is now?
I'll drive down there right now and see.
Go over there and see what the hell is going on. See if they're sitting shivering for the dolphins over there across the street.
Joe Feinberg and his rich dad.
The biggest name is the best talent. They're gonna lose their ass. You can do it off the line on the mall or you can do it off the line.
Well, if you can see he's dead, he's gonna lose on the fair.
Well, this is Joe Feinberg's office. I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back up on my nipples.
And that's when I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
I'm wearing a costume, so I'm wearing a... There's one thing that they ask.
Will you give us something sweet?
When they come down to trick on trees, give us something by fire, everything is fine, then they won't kill your cars.
We won't keep it your yard, cause it is Halloween, triple tree, or jellyfish.
Halloween can't dress up just like Frankenstein or yeah.
They will come to your house until you're candy in the ground.
They will come to your house until you're candy in the ground.
12-4-560 W.F. We have Mad Dog and the hump we're gonna be at the Triple A arena doing their shows.
I guess that's got something to do with heating that crap, huh?
Well, today would be when they get the rings and they're opening games.
Oh, and that exciting or what? You know, my computer's all screwed up now.
Didn't know that?
Is it?
Yeah.
I don't know. It had to do with Alexa. Alexa's evil. You know, I tried to take her to that.
You won't listen to me.
I know. I'm a hardhead.
I'm gonna restart. I'm gonna reboot it over there and maybe I can take a look at it.
What's his name? From Tristan and his old.
It's James Frank.
Michael Nero.
You haven't seen that yet, huh? There's Francisco Frank.
No, it's not a fact. First thing before I left and lost thing before I left, is I tried to burn it again.
Trying to make another DVD of it.
End of the screen.
What is the best balance discussion on their own MSNBC?
They've had more zuck them in their fashions from US News and World Report and Pat Buchanan.
That sounds like a good balance to me.
The Iraqi Prime Minister Maliki is telling Zener Circle that the situation in Iraq is nearly out of control,
according to CBS News Intelligence sources, nearly out of control.
Pentagon sources have told them that a general case will require 100,000 more Iraqi troops than 325,000
who were trained in order to secure the nation.
The security situation out of his worsening in Iraqi troops have proven to be less effective than their American counterparts.
Additional American troops may be called up to help train the new Iraqi security forces,
and the US may also double the number of advisors in each Iraqi unit.
As of this morning, the Pentagon is, well, we were told 103 US casualties in the month of October,
but we still got all of us that they're going, although it's nighttime over there now, so we better hurry up.
Prime Minister Maliki has ordered that all checkpoints in Baghdad be lifted.
Laura Logan of CBS News reports that in some American troops expect that violence will now increase,
and are left questioning why US commanders were live checkpoints to be removed now.
The move is widely seen as a victory from a Tata al-Saudar of Saudi city,
who controls one of the largest militias in Iraq.
The inspected general warns that Iraqis don't even have the capacity to fund or maintain their army.
The Pentagon has been called on to provide better weapons and armored vehicles to Iraqi security forces.
The Pentagon's inspected general has found that 14,000 small arms provided to the Iraqi's in Amosin,
we told you about that yesterday.
Did anybody care? No.
You're paying for it.
You're tax dollars, man. They're raping you.
You're sticking their hand in your wallet and just raping you. That's what's going on.
Now let's see if our website will come up here or not.
We've hooded this baby. Well, that Alexa thing is evil, and you want to know why, because it's connected to?
You're not exploring. Nothing that makes sense.
You're not going to find it by where it in and of itself, and you should never have been used in the first place, but other than that.
Yeah. What do you mean it should never have been used in the first place?
Are you trying to tell me how to run my deal over here now?
Oh, no, I would never.
Let me ask you something. Who's computer do you think works better? Yours or mine?
No, fairness.
Seeing as how I bought both, they're both your computers, and you have a good connection up there and a bad connection here, and that doesn't mean...
If I buy the 17 votes on the pool, I might back up there thanks to Mizzila Firefox.
They can take internet explorer and shove it where the moonbone shine, okay?
It's evil. It's part of the axis of evil. Internet explorer and AOL.
They're definitely both part of the axis of evil, don't you think?
Absolutely. I mean...
Absolutely.
Albertville, Alabama. Albertville, Alabama.
Police say a Marshall County teen raped his mother to get revenge on his brother.
Police say 19-year-old Gary Helms Jr raped his 45-year-old mother this past weekend, and Willow Terrace trailer park on Duel Drive in Albertville.
Oh, trailer park. How unusual. I thought that's part of the course.
It's a twisted crime that police say Helms admits.
From what we understand, the rapes stem from an argument between him and his brother, and apparently they were arguing over a girlfriend, and the rape was some sort of retaliation toward his brother, since Sergeant Jamie Smith, of the Albertville Police Department.
It was unusual retaliation on unsuspecting victim.
Authorities say Helms mother was apparently passed out drunk on the couch when their rape started.
Oh, how unusual in a trailer park in Alabama.
See, you know, you keep wondering about that 30-Ido too, that 30% 35%.
Just stop and think about it right next USA, man.
I've been there. I've seen those people.
I think you have been there.
During the attack she did come to and recognize her attacker as her son, Smith said.
That's what according to the police report, the mother tried to get away, but he held her down until he was finished.
It's totally sick is what it is said Smith.
Helms was arrested and charged with the first degree rape of his own mother.
Smith said it's hard to wrap your mind around.
Shocked. Shocked me a better way to describe it.
He said that somebody would dip to the lows and do something of this nature.
It's just pretty much a shock to the conscience of the general public said Smith.
Helms is being held in Marshall County jail on $100,000 bond.
That's what goes on in the trailer parks, folks.
That's why they use that term trailer trash, where they think incest is best.
Can I take a peek at your breast?
Like Segway and Heaver said in that movie,
ice trailer trash.
228 votes on the poll.
I think we got a shot at getting 13 by 1300 and maybe 14 by 1400.
Speaking of sports and the tremendous popularity of Sam,
a world series remember for the same,
by the way, we ever get a fact from Dave the cop.
No, he ain't listening anymore.
Did Brian Schmutz ever like involved in an out of town out of the country?
Out of town, why?
Out of town, why?
Unicateness.
Jesus, God Almighty, leaves this with a situation and He's on vacation at this station,
at this Makeful League station.
If you people had any idea, see the audience,
I'm sure most of them think, oh, they're not near.
They always think that.
But I'm such a kid here and I'm always just laying it on thick.
These people haven't got a clue.
It's a miracle that a lot of these folks run in this place and get out of bed,
I'm assisted in the morning.
In fact, I'm not so sure that they do.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
They're full of crap. But you know something ask me if I care. Do you care? No.
A world series to remember for the Cardinals was wonderful
Get when it came to TV ratings the Cardinals five game victory over the Tigers average day record low
10.1 television rating in a 17-year Fox said Sunday
Who the hell would watch a pile of crap like that? It was bad. It was lame this year's rating dropped 9% from the previous bottom
And 11.1 for a four game is sweet by the white socks over the ass to his last year
In other words the number keeps going down year after year after year less and less interest
But made the low rating more remarkable was that this year series went five games
It wasn't a sweet St. Louis's four to two in a Friday night's finale got a 10.3 and 18 share and figures compiled by Nielsen
Just above the record low for game five a 10.0
17 share for the giant 16 to four router Vannaheim angels in 2002
Games one three and four were also record lows for their games and game two was above the low of 11.1 said last year
How do you like that? I hope they lose their ass box sports and Fox just in general and Rupert Murdoch and all those far-bison of goyum
I like that and even Josh him and yesterday being a sportsman that he is he watched a total maybe of nine and he's I
Watched the total maybe nine pitches. How do you like that? Sure. It's watching total a none
What and when George stops watching the world series then you know they got real service 1 2 3 4 look at that
Hmm see that in our poll. Oh look at that
Isn't that that song by Lynn very 1 2 3 4
Methods on the bottom by the way. Oh, damn it. They got that new yogurt with meth on the bottom. Just steer it up a little bit
Hmm, you know dunk in hunter. No, he's running for president. Well, we're good to that
We'll get to that momentarily once we finish with whatever else is going on here
Seriously is Chris
Whatever his name is is in Jones in the building or is he just Jones into a stay away in a void all this?
I haven't seen today is he there you told me they were having to hold another big meeting day
Probably somebody told me that's what I'm going to have another big meet
Look at that Joe Scarborough Lord Zuckerman and Pat Buchanan. There's a fair and balanced panel of ever someone MSNBC
Three at Myers. Oh my god. It's just amazing to me the swill
You're gonna get the truth from the network span from your TV set like hell you are take that thing and toss it out the window
Schmidt cannon not that screen out with a battle axe
It is a Halloween in October 31 it's the last day of the month
So I'm assuming that Lou backroads Chevy's race to a thousand is ending tonight at midnight
They're staying open to midnight like they've been all month because they want for the first time in their history to reach a thousand cars
Sold in one month. They're really doing it and the reason they're doing it is because their service
There's sales people and selection of vehicles are unbeatable and of course their prices beyond belief especially right now during this
Special time they've got the biggest selection of new and used cars including the hot new Corvette's trucks SUVs and minibans
They've also got used cars starting in just 39 95 each and everyone back by car facts
You're in tea. Blue backroads have to get to a thousand cars and sold this month by midnight tonight
And they're staying open till midnight to get to that deal forget the price make them an offer
They'll beat any deal you can bring in more money for your trade 0% financing
Rebates up to six grand whatever it takes to get it done for you only a blue backroads Chevrolet two locations for you
And pump it a beach of quarter mile west of my 95 and a croak on a creek on
441 just up to the saw grass be sure and tell let Brian Schmutz sent you in when you go to the blue back road
And don't forget their staying open till midnight tonight
So go to the back road and get the best deal on a Chevy in history of your life or check them on the web at loopback road
B.A.C.H.R.O.D.T. loopbackroad.com
The biggest name of best talent to the business wheel Rogers for 205 60
David's a bitch
Oh, her all is a deal real killed on here
So people are really upset I kept a nuclear weapon
Resting I want to do is I'm saying it body so I'm a half a North Korea a minute reason to get it real
Where is it?
I'm sorry
Sorry
My bad
Three and set
My apology
The brim from square
I'm a dignity of shoulder
I was too bad
I'm a brim too
Look inside of my grass
Seriously I'm sorry
So it's all right
Yeah, you go you go boy
Prove 18 at 560 WQ AM mad dog from the AAA arena
What is it a good new championship brings?
Yes, and it's the opening game
Opening game of the NBA season for the heat
Fighters?
Oh, who cares?
I couldn't hear less, man if they if they and of course red our box it's broke yesterday probably in knowing
Maybe on Sunday croak just knowing that the NBA was staring up against oh not more of this crap
Poor old red
How come that article did not I read and say nothing about him opening up the door for blacks in the NBA
That was one of his great claims to fame
Yeah, wasn't it?
Maybe the guy who wrote it didn't know anything about him
Yeah, maybe the guy that wrote the article didn't know what damn thing just like when Tom jicker wrote about Rick Casper that time because Tom is basically lazy and stupid
Bob Burnett writes bush losing support of military
One of the most memorable Iraq war images was president bushes may first 2003 speech from the deck of the aircraft to a USS Abraham Lincoln
As bush announced major combat operations in Iraq have ended framed by the ban omission accomplished he was surrounded by hundreds of cheering troops
At the time it would have been hard to predict that three years later major combat operations would not have ended
The mission would not be accomplished and Bush would be losing the support of the military
How did George Bush manage to lose the backing of our armed forces which at one time was highly supportive of his administration?
Four factors contributed to this change
First the occupation of Iraq was botched Michael Gordon and Bernard Trainers recent book cobert too
The inside story of the invasion occupation of Iraq argues the administration committed five grievous errors during the planning and execution of the invasion
The underestimated their opponent failed to understand the Walter of ethnic groups and tribes that is Iraq they didn't bring the right tools to the fight and put too much confidence in technology
They failed to attempt to to alter to adapt to a development on the ground they do not recognize the rise of the insurgency
They presented over a system in which differing military and political perspectives were discouraged and finally they turned their backs on nation building
Second the Bush administration failed to bring the right tools to the fight directly impacted the rank and file troops
Especially in the early days of the occupation most had an adequate equipment
A recent poll indicated that 42% of Iraq and Afghan veterans said their equipment was well below the military standard of being 90% operational
Third the longer our troops stayed in Iraq the more they became aware that most Iraqis didn't want them there
A recent poll indicated that 71% of Iraqis won occupation forces to leave within a year furthermore 60% supported attacks on U.S. Line forces
And fourth increasing numbers of retired army and marine generals began to express opposition to the war
It's a violation of the uniform code military justice for an active duty officer to criticize the president or anyone on the chain of military command
The administration attempted to keep a lid on this as a result there have been very few surveys that asked active duty troops how they felt about the war
The most recent poll indicated that 72% of active duty personnel believed the war should end in 2006 a more recent survey indicated that 53% didn't always know who the enemy was
Increasing numbers of soldiers have gone a wall or asked for conscientious objective status in October military personnel began adding their names to a web based petition calling for withdrawal from Iraq
Active duty troops have begun to speak against the war
The most notable reason come and came from Kevin Tillman in October 19 he's the brother of a former pro football star Pat Tillman who was killed in Afghanistan April 22, 2004
Both brothers enlisted after 9-11 initially served in Iraq then they were trained as army rangers and sent to Afghanistan
Kevin said somehow a mercen relationship whose only credit is lined with people and legally invading a nation has been allowed to steal the courage, virtue and honor of its soldiers on the ground
One of the reasons the military has turned on the Bush administration is the increasing number of wounded troops there have been more than 21,000 such casualties released in addition to the more than 2800 deaths
The Bush administration prohibits pictures of coffins returning from Iraq they've also told the Department of Veterans Affairs not to give out the names of the wounded
Democratic Congressman John Murthin noted that in addition to the soldier's grievous physical injuries 50,000 will suffer from what I call battle fatigue
In July 2004 the PPS NewsHour reported about a sixth of troops returning from Iraq showed symptoms of mental health problems but many are not receiving treatment
A recent study indicated these injuries will cause the U.S. more than a trillion dollars
Of course active duty troops have been required to spend multiple tours of duty in Iraq
This has increased their financial and psychological problems recently stars and preps report stripes reported the divorce rate for Iraqi veterans
Jumped from 9 to 15% and alcohol abuse rose from 13 to 21%
Last year decorated combat veteran John Murthin came out against the war in Iraq
One of his reasons was that the damage the occupations doing to the military
Murthin spoke movingly of his visits with returning veterans he concluded our military is suffering
If this is this suffering the consequences of an ill-conceived and tragically mishandled war that caused the Bush administration the support of our troops
What's on the tax machine, man?
Birthday cards
Happy birthday, a birthday tax and a card
From Gene Rogers, remember old Gene Rogers is always a faction?
No, I mean the Alphanthropal practice was delayed nearly two hours today after a player reported finding an unknown white powder receptions on the practice field
It says head coach Nick Sabin immediately suspended practice and called police and federal investigators after a complete analysis of the after-rensick experts determined that the white substance known to the player unknown to the players was the goal line
Practice resumed after special agents decided the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again this season
He gave them a spoon. That's cute
Here's another a birthday fax you're as young as you feel happy birthday from Reva S. Wish you a happy and healthy
Keep on doing what you've been doing. I love it all. I've been listening whenever possible for 22 years
You are the one and only best regards to George. Also happy anniversary with any more to come
That's from an actual card I photocopy to suck at faxity
Well, it was a nice thank you, we thank you Gene
And thank you Nick Sabin for writing lots of laughs, okay?
I'll limit your expense and then of course the Humperer on a rip and pull old Larry Coker
Very co-head. Next thing you know what I'll be calling for a Donna Scholebligger ass tossed out of there. That old bitch
From 150 votes on the pool. Oh yeah, we got 1,300 licks by one o'clock
I do believe don't you think so? Oh yeah, sure. I'm gonna turn off MSNBC because they're getting out my nerves
You know all week long he's showing the same charts and the Senate makeup and we already know these things okay
Oh look what's on CNN the weapons. Oh my god. Like I said, where's the comedy channel? Who now wants to see who wants to see this graph? It's already pressing
I still five minutes of total shot of shot. You get to the game and I can't get off the black door
I'm going to go find a attorney with this pecker taking it out of the air
Oh, Mike Pecker can't see that name on the air in the station
What a night it was for sports for some people last night maybe least four Atlanta two and the Patriots just manhandled the Vikings
31 to seven. I mean it was a
Show lacking to beg Josh didn't see it was too busy moving with his new boyfriend
Well, actually his old boyfriend that used to live with before until they had a spat
I can't figure this whole thing out you keep moving around man
Oh, I guess when I was here rage I was doing the same thing every year man
I got to find another place to live. Why? Well not after this time because the guy moving in with owns it
It's his condo I'm just moving in. Oh, so others you're moving with him forever now. No for life. You're time to not. Whatever he's saying
What happened to your former roommate you left him in the lurch you left him hanging? Well, he's going. He's going to Davy and I'm a stand where I'm at. Yeah, I wouldn't blame you. I don't want to go to Davy.
Not nothing to say anything wrong with Davy you understand. I just don't want to go to Davy. Too much horse and around there.
George, you want to live in Davy? Sure. Why not? Yeah, I like horses and horse and around.
Oh, there's that gambler that learned to build Bennett that fat ass. I said I was tough to carry the fair. I'll be fair and tough today. I think this ends John Kerry's quest for higher office.
You cannot say of the soldiers in Iraq what he said, you know, but if you don't study and if you're not smart that's what he said by implication that you end up in Iraq.
Be all that you can be the few the proud the select this bill. Better man talking about he's got some nerve to be talking about anybody.
If only below the OK, Lord asked 27 after noon at 560 WQM is Dalmatris 30th birthday and celebrate.
Dalmatris and Simmons are offering you the lowest press of the year on best selling Simmons beauty rest pillow top.
If by the way you do ever see a Christian owns again, tell him that I'm just frosted at the ass and I just leave me alone.
You know, just go away. At Dalmatris you can choose himself for his biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest would same day delivery waiting for you.
If you're finally ready to do right night sleep for years to come just make that one easy call. I've been doing it for a long time. They never let you down.
Call Dalmatris at 1-800-Matris and get factory direct prices and award winning service with no nonsense, no BS, no off brands and nobody ever heard of before.
Dalmatris has 12 month financing for you and when you do business with Dalmatris they let you pick the date and time you want your new mattress delivered seven days a week from 8-10pm.
You pick the tour window even the same day that you call and they show up on time.
They take away the crappy old wedding and set up the brand new one for you and you got a big smile on your post and you're in for years and years of great sleep.
That's why Dalmatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction and why just about everybody who I'm including including yours truly use Dalmatris.
On the web check them out at Dalmatris.com. After there's a mistakenness I just noticed at matris.com or call tool free 1-800-Matris.
The ATTRES leave off the last as because it stands for Sensational Savings and Stupid Saleshold.
The biggest name of that talent is the real Rodgers for radio 560-UAM.
Rodgers.
I know how to use the name art fully.
We're at the $3 bill from the Public Info.
He goes trolling in the chat room looking for young page boys that are young and smooth.
Wish Loyalist first was the hot-marked face. He invites me up to his place for a public and man-page red-ass games.
Well, I told my congressman, thank you for your own.
Remove your tongue, I gotta go home.
He said the only other thing that I want to do is keep my nose and the round-mounds of your moon.
Welcome.
A sad file, the public in Greek, but here's the skin.
They'll get you the thing.
Mark Holy had too much to drink.
The company forced me to fucking speak.
I said you were the only Ernest of the kind.
The kind of stuff you find is just amazing.
This is from a website called sportspickle.com, the Sports Humor and Santaires site.
Oh, did you got it?
Sports Humor.
Noted and quoted by Brady Quinn has been named Sexiest Man Alive by Gay Priest Monthly in this month's edition of the magazine,
The Leading Publication for Homosexual Clergy, Gay Priest Monthly.
It's the magazine's first sexiest man-admission and what some might think could be the last issue in Latin of the Vatican's ruling last week,
banning sexually active homos from entering the priesthood.
Deep brown eyes, muscular arms and a rippling torso, thick wavy hair and the pinkest, most luscious lips in all of Christendom.
All invited with mentiones, the Young Houch, I quarterback of God's favorite football team.
Brady Quinn, our first ever sexiest man-admission would make even the most chased priest by his fist in lustful frustration reads the introduction to the 10-page article and photos spread.
Quinn was the runaway winner in the sexiest man-voting among Gay Priest Monthly editors, garnering 78% of the vote to actor director Mel Gibson's 18%.
Fighting Irish head coach Charlie Weiss received 2%.
We thought Brady Quinn as everything our readership looks for in a man.
He's young, he's strong, he's a leader and he's a regular mass attendee, said the Gay Priest Monthly editor, father Michael McGee.
But most of all, he's totally freaking hot.
With some reports and studies put in a number of homosexuals in the priesthood as high as 60 to 75% in the U.S.,
Gay Priest Monthly has had a large and loyal readership over the years, but Pope Benedict XVI's recent moves to cut off the flow of practicing homos into seminaries.
The magazine's days may be numbered.
The sexiest issue had been in the works for a while because mainly I selfishly wanted to meet Brady Quinn and let me say he's just as dreamy as I expected.
But if this happens to be our final one, so be it, said Father McGee, at least we'll have gone out with a bang.
Of course, he was honored by the recognition, but a little bit uncomfortable.
I'm sure I guess it's kind of flattering to all these priest-fied me sexiest, but I kind of wish I hadn't known.
I already suspect as much when I go to mass and it takes all I can muster to put that out of my mind and focus on the true reason for being there.
And of course one has to wonder what is the true reason for being there.
Of course, any kid that goes to Notre Dame in the first place, does that involve a little bit of get skiing a little over the top?
Yes, a tad bit.
Can I carry a little bit too far?
How come it couldn't go to a nice university like, say, Temple?
Okay, what's this fax here? I just wanted to inform you that Microsoft recently, oh, Jesus, God.
Recently released the latest version of Internet Explorer, IE7.
One of the improvements is that it's supposed to solve the problem of the margins being cut off when you try to print something.
And here, George, yesterday, he talked me out of a downloading it.
I wouldn't download it or use it if you paid me a lot.
How much? I'll do it on somebody else.
I'm talking to a man.
I wouldn't install that on my computer.
It is still not perfect, but it's supposed to be much improved. Just type IE7 into Google to download it.
I was wondering why you haven't really talked about the proposed 1% sales increase to pay for mass transit and brow art.
All these idiots know how to do is keep raping the public and day-to-day either they have sent a few years ago and the money's completely disappeared.
What they should do is a lot more casinos to open and allow them to add more games, craft your lead backer-op, blackjack poker, and use the money from that.
Right! Hold your breath. Take a deep breath right now, okay, while you're a busy hallucinating.
If you're going to add to the sales section and automatically expire after they finish paying for their projects, you have just like the turnpike tools, right?
Lastly, want to let you know about the web cams on the Miami-Herald website, which can be controlled by anyone.
There's one on top of the four seasons in Brickle. One of the functions of the camera is just watch, which allows you to see what other people are zooming in on.
The entire day there are people zooming in on sunbaters by the pools of the Brickle hotels and condos.
So for all the women who are in the area, just remember this when you take off your top.
There are people watching you, but see, now he's spoiled it for a lot of people.
Right. What he meant to say is just remember to please take off your top.
Right. And leave it off.
Take it off and leave it off.
And rub lots of oil on there.
Right. Slowly.
Or like how would be a would say listen to me television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets. Turn them off right in the middle of the center.
Turn it off and leave it off and take it off and leave it on the ground.
Anyway, Dunkin Hunter, I threatened that was going to tell you about him. Nobody knows who that is.
Republican representative Dunkin Hunter, known in the military and military is top-exualized for his congressional role, but hardly a national name.
Said Monday he was taking the initial step in a 2008 presidential bid.
Oh my God.
This is going to be a long road. It's a challenging road. There's going to be some rough and tumble.
But I think it's the right thing to do for our country.
How do they cheer him? They house our own service committee set at a Waterfront News conference in San Diego.
The Declaration of Form an Exploratory Committee allows the 13th term California Congressman to begin raising money.
An organized supporter is an early Republican primary state, such as Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina.
Hunter is a familiar face on Capitol Hill on the Pentagon's chairman of the powerful panel that oversees military policy.
Not so beyond Washington and San Diego, it is White House bid, surprise many Republicans.
He hadn't bid on any list of potential 2008 candidates that included more familiar names such as John McCain and Newerdy Giuliani and Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.
Analyst immediately characterized the quest as a long shot. Long, long shot.
You never say never, but Congressman Hunter faces extremely long odds given that practically no one apart from students of Congress know who he is, a Jack Pitney.
I wonder if he's kind of Jean Pitney.
The government professor at Claremont McKinney College, he's a good member of Congress, a very effective chairman of our own services.
It's just that he has no following within the party and certainly outside the party, okay?
And you know what Leslie Gore said? It's her party, so say hello.
I'll just keep up being paid for not a lot. Anyone want Leslie Gore? No, I don't want Leslie Gore, okay?
Although it's her party. He should give a describe she wants to. Bad news, Dean Zed.
So the fact I stepped on a little bit, the pandemic gave a difference because he's dead. It is Leslie.
Well, I'd say this George is on top of it.
I'm participating on new Power 96 format. All regatone all day. All regatone all day.
Mm-hmm. Chefoy already, two minutes.
Oh, that sounds good. Some Chefoy already with some sweeties melted into it.
Why? It's not that bad, it's better ice cream.
We're going to take one of that low-carb pasta and melt some Swiss cheese on it.
I do that. All right. Always do that. Instead of that canned mush.
In fact, that assiago shredded assiago, what is nothing like that?
Yes, assiago cheese. After I cooked the pasta, I put it in my bowl.
And then I put a whole bunch of assiago cheese in there.
And then I put the sauce over all of that with my sliced vegetables.
Mm-hmm. And I thought that was going to satisfy and pacify me.
But that only aroused, you know, the best thing if I don't eat it all.
That would be my perfect diet. Just stop eating.
Right, just eat a vitamin. I do that. Good.
Probably eat it out in the pool. We're going to have 1,300 by 1 o'clock. We're going to have 13 to 13.
Man, we are kicking ass. Can't just smell it. Can't you feel it?
And thanks to Eric, not to Josh. Josh is trying his best, but he's weak.
We got 147 people already have red. It's the fourth most red story, even though it wasn't even on there,
where we started this morning. Aren't you impressed, Josh?
Yes, I am.
It's thinking his way through on that.
Nice going, Eric.
GOP homorotic cabal, Cheney fancies himself as a rock star of Mungiang Girls.
And Charlie Christ and his sweet 16 friend. It's on there. It's the top story on NearRarger.com.
And I'll read it's number four and moving up. But it's going to, in fact, the top story, Charlie Christ has some questions to answer.
See, it really isn't relevant that he's gay, except for the fact that he's a hypocrite.
Another closet case, just like Miss Foley.
And if he was living with a 16-year-old, guess what? Doesn't that raise some more questions?
Like, what's all about? And how was it?
1242, 18 to 1 to 2. And we got a lot of heavy duty sports the other 20 hours because we got big, big dealings, man.
We got the heat. We got the panthers and the sharks. Sharks are very good, by the way. They're probably kickpanther ass tonight.
And then the Leafs are down here on Thursday. They try to make believes.
Who beat Atlanta 4-2 right here at the Air Canvas Center last night. I'm sure Georgia was watching that.
Weren't you on top of it?
Huh?
I wonder if they're replaying the Patriots of Minnesota game for Josh who didn't see it.
Stead me to Baltimore, raise the Zilderball for 36 minutes to the slate. So they threw me in this ball.
The whole thing is going against the same chairs. You can see Scott and Zeta had his mitts on it.
So Scott couldn't bring it down third quarter.
He's like a safety ball.
And it looks really bad for the Ravens. The Craven Ravens looks really bad.
Well, the one thing's wasn't going to go under-feet, and were they just not that good.
What is Bob Greaseball?
In your face, Brian.
How do you like that?
In your push, nice timing.
Yeah, that's your buddy Bob Greasey.
Hey, Bob, have another one. You and Brian.
Hey, listen, he's just got a little thing for booze.
Okay, like he likes the sauce, you know what I'm saying?
It's like me with my pasta. I love the sauce.
Did we do the, what's Brek are we doing next?
That we did.
No, I'm serious. You don't have a spot. It's okay.
What are you talking about?
I have the log right here. I know I don't have a spot.
I mean, we didn't do the 40-brainer. I just crossed it out already.
We didn't do it though.
No, we didn't.
Because it's already 1244.
The biggest name.
That's talent. That's what you got in the ramen.
Forge Radio 560.
You A M.
K.T.U.
From the creators of the opera.
First, it was Brangelina.
Then Madonna.
Now, I want in on this African baby action comes the father of all reality shows.
The Dopshoot.
I'm Donald Trump.
I've let people into my company.
Now, it's time to let someone into my family adoption.
18 orphans from across Africa will compete.
But only one will hear those magic words.
Kimisay, you pull through the dysentery with flying colors.
However, the fly's rolling in and out of your mouth are disturbing.
When it comes to the Trump family, all parents matters.
Kimisay, this is the top one. You're an author.
Congratulations, Matumbay.
You are adopted.
Give you a new daddy, a hug.
Ooh, come on, he give this kid a bath.
The adoption.
13 nights, after survivor Dark Fruit.
1249, we have 13.9 in 12 votes. I'm a full-already man.
We are really kicking big fat, smelly, pimpley, ugly ass.
Halloween, don't be given a kid's anything bad, please.
Don't be put like a lot of, um, ex-lacks and stuff in there pretending they're candy bars.
Who does that?
What do you mean who does that?
Tester the molester?
Right.
Sico, Mexico.
All of these.
All of these cream creatures.
A nationwide campaign to remove artery clogging trans fatty acids from the West Food Chain.
Received another significant boost yesterday.
After popular fast food franchise, Kentucky Fried Chicken.
An ounce that's switching to non-transcooking oil.
There've been under a lot of pressure, baby.
A lot of pressure. You noticed?
Yeah, yeah.
What?
You know, go over there, go over there right next door.
Go there all the time.
So what are you talking about?
Leave those people alone.
You want some kind of a health kick or something?
Right.
I never, I never darken their door, okay?
Mm.
I love fried chicken.
The moon comes a year after food and beverage manufacturers battle to remove the fats from their products.
In time for new labeling regulations that required these featured on nutrition facts panels.
These massive reformulation efforts have this year been followed by moves in the food service sector.
Starting with health oriented food establishments pointed out to customers that their products are free from the oils.
The trans fat fetish began to spread a more mainstream chains.
And moves by independent jurisdictions to require such labels and restaurants or to ban the use of trans fats altogether have also recently been seen in Chicago and New York.
Before KFC, other restaurant chains to slash trans fats include Wendy's, Ruby Tuesday, Chiles and legal seafood.
Yesterday's announcement reveals that KFC will convert to low, linear, linear, linear, linear, linear, linear, linear, linear oil.
Oh, you are such a jerk, which reduces the need for the trans fatty acid producing hydrogenation process.
The switch to be made in all 55 out of KFC restaurants expected to be complete by April of 2007.
Indeed, the move by KFC comes after a lawsuit filed against it in June for use of undeclared trans fats, those killer fats that are oil clogging your arteries.
The class action suit filed in Superior Court and the District Club of Columbia asked that the court prohibit KFC from using partially hydrogenated oil,
released the required signs warning consumers that many of its foods are high in trans fats.
How much is the big skull and crossbones that should do it?
I think that might send a message.
File by a retired physician together with Consumer Advocacy, Europe Center for Science and Public Interest, CSPI, and the Washington, DC Law firm,
Hydomin, Neutlman, and Calak.
The suit aims to increase awareness following the, if I had known, I wouldn't have eaten it blind.
The food service was first challenged in, um, on this issue in 2003, when McDonald's was sued for reneging on this promised reduced amount of trans fat and insular,
that actually resulted last year in a settlement of $8.5 million.
I'll take it.
CSPI executive director Michael Jacobson said McDonald's and Burger King should now follow KFC's lead.
If KFC, which deep fries almost everything, can get the artificial trans fat out of its frying oil, anyone can.
Curl Sanders deserves a bucket full of praise, it says.
The Consumer Advocacy, today, said its formerly withdrawn from the lawsuit against KFC, although the law firms do to continue to be sued alone.
KFC's transition will impact the change most popular items, original recipe and extra crispy fried chicken,
in addition to fried menu selections such as crispy strips, wings, boneless wings, buffalo and crispy snacker sandwiches, popcorn chicken,
twisters and potato wedges.
Trans fatty acids, also known as trans fats are formed when liquid vegetable oils are partially hydrogenated or hardened for uses spreads such as margarine,
cooking fats for deep frying and shortening for baking.
Foods high in trans are saturated fatty acids, increased blood cholesterol levels, thereby increasing the risk of heart disease mon.
Trans fats first came in the public eye in 2003 when we lawsuit filed against craft foods for the trans fat content of its Oreo cookies,
resulted in the reforming of the industry market product, craft foods which were it hates like poison.
But it was Walmart or craft foods.
Walmart.
What about people who buy their groceries and buy craft foods of Walmart?
Oh, except for my fire.
Like a double demon.
They're hastening their own demon eyes.
Yeah.
Squitting them trans fats, okay, they're bad for you.
I noticed that the Hagen does banana nut.
How many bananas it takes to make one of them points?
About 30?
Teen quantabana.
I'll eat that to 84.
I know.
It's because I can't stop eating that banana nut.
It's the best flavor going, baby.
Forget about fish food.
Forget about that injury, even though I used to love them a lot.
They fall off the wagon as far as I'm concerned.
They've lost it.
Well, it's obviously got the sold to company, you know?
Oh, that must be it.
They cashed out.
Oh.
That would be a good idea.
Like when you were at woodbuy, no cash out your losing.
Let's see, I got about four credits left in this machine, man.
Man could soon be able to use a male pill that has no side effects scientist ever
revealed.
A male contraceptive pill.
Yeah.
Now they tell me.
Yeah, too late.
The chemical implant acts as a contraceptive, but doesn't change the balance of man's sex hormones.
Scientists have discovered a substance that can temporarily block the development of sperm
without altering testosterone levels, without causing unwanted side effects.
They hope human trials of a new contraceptive are meant based on the discovery could begin within a few years.
Other versions of the male pill already are in development, but worked by altering home-orn levels in a man's body.
Yeah, they make you wake up with like a nice big head of hair like ladies here and boobs, stuff like that.
In trial so far, these have produced no worrying side effects.
However, scientists think men may still worry about whether introducing female hormones could harm their virility in some way,
especially when their boobies start growing real big and saggy, like Joe Rosas.
The new approach with therefore avoid this problem, the common perception is that few women would actually believe a man who said he was on the pill.
Yeah, like we believe them.
However, study published and well, that's not always a good idea.
I know.
However, a study published in the British Medical Journal in 2000 found that only 2% of women said they would not trust their partner to take a male pill.
Well, let's shove it in there, okay?
Shove it in some part of them.
Shove it up there.
Wreck them.
And then just hope when they stand up real fast, they don't fall out.
Trust me, lady. The man is not trying to get you pregnant.
Now, he's praying that you don't.
You don't want to know part of that.
Or maybe he is.
Maybe he wants to have his own love shot.
No.
By the way, did you watch that HBO documentary?
I sure did not. I forgot about hacking democracy.
It's on all this week.
No.
About the elections. I mean, our election is a week from today.
And all week long, they're repeating it over and over.
HBO East, West, North, South Latino, Ruski, Chinese, whatever.
Over and over again.
Oh, let's see. I think it's the hasn't been on yet.
It starts Thursday, October 2. So how do we watch it?
It starts the day after tomorrow.
9 p.m. HBO East.
Hacking democracy.
About what they're doing.
And it's a Ben Harris, Seattle publicist writers,
Watchdog Group, uncovered evidence of mishandled voting records.
Her crusade took the group consisting of computer experts, activists, and political candidates from both parties,
from her home computer, where she found a computer system
blue for an accidentally made public, to tell a HACI for a mini election
that just proved how easy it is to hack the vote.
Hacking democracy on HBO.
Okay?
Don't forget to once you'd be glued to that set.
You're going to watch it?
I might.
How about hacked the wife?
I've seen that one.
But what's with that same thing yesterday?
Mm-hmm.
I'm still not going to play it.
What are you most addicted to?
That's our poll question.
They 1332 votes.
Chris Jones, by the way, I think is communist now.
Okay?
And you know what they do with communist and North Carolina.
The biggest name of the best talent in the Internet.
The New Japan Real Riders.
420560.
The UAM.
Oh, this is honored.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
It's a heartwarming story.
It's a beautiful, mouthless, pleasant atmosphere.
About a girl and a horse.
Go calm down.
Which is touching.
A triumph of the human spirit.
Go, look at the floor.
Until the horse gets high on crap.
What happened?
You got the box on the Mustang.
Where you heard?
Look up.
You did a plan a better way to get yourself killed.
A crack addicted horse.
What is John Kerry's second as a horse in his foot in his ass?
He said the soldiers are uneducated.
And there are those heritage.
Of what can happen if they don't do well.
Here's the quote.
Kerry said, you know, education, if you make the most of it,
you study hard, you do your homework,
and you make an effort to be smart, you can do well.
And if you don't, you get stuck in a rock.
What does the White House have to say about this, Ed?
Well, Senator Kerry is insisting that he was referring to the president there.
Not to actual US troops in Iraq when he was referring to getting stuck in a rock.
But that's not sitting well with Tony Snow.
He jumped all over this.
Yeah, well, good for him.
Okay.
Senator Zaspaaks of Fox News, very belongs.
The past sitting in his turn,
it was yesterday reported on a rally for failing California Democratic gubernatorial candidate Phil Ainselides,
in which John Kerry warned the students in the audience that if they didn't get an education,
they'd have no other alternative than to be forced in the US Armed Forces.
Then told the students that if they were able to navigate the education system,
they can get a comfortable job.
If you don't, you get stuck in Iraq.
He said to me, make sure of last, laughter and gasps.
Well, that means something you mean a bad gas,
and we've probably got his ass out of the way.
A lot of comments are this.
Oh, too many pages.
Oh, my God.
Pages. Stop with a page.
Stop, stop, stop.
Jesus.
Hate that.
Can't stay there.
I know how I would have just highlighted the thing and printed out that.
Right.
Not going to do it tomorrow.
By the way, we're going to, just please don't know I downloaded Internet Explorer 7.
Well, did you want to do it with that?
Yeah.
Yeah, just like good luck with your sales manager.
Good luck with Chris Jones.
If I were you, I would do right now.
I'd go into his office.
I would take my pants down and drop a big load right on his desk.
Yeah.
I'd say that's from Neil, okay.
That's what we think of the tremendous job you're doing.
I'd do that before I used that Internet Explorer 7.
Okay.
Go ahead.
The only thing Dwayne Reed-Stores are missing now.
Did you ever hear of Dwayne Reed-Stores?
No.
It's a New York thing.
I never heard of it.
The only thing I'm missing now is rock and roll.
That's because the popular stores are making a challenge a little bit sexier.
Anyone looking to spice up their sex life just now would want to go to one of more than 200 New York area.
Dwayne Reed-Stores where name brand sex aids can be found.
See, the whole right hand thing of theirs chopped off.
Thank God now I got the Internet Explorer 7.
Like that's really going to work.
Whether it's the lushest, kissable cream for central massage or they had made feather applicator.
The new products are something all around town.
There's something.
Is this for the adults or the children as Tataria, A Dwayne Reed customer?
Tataria.
Store executives say the products are definitely for adults and something they hope will promote.
Sexual wellness.
Even local purgey are chiming in.
But some say the addition of the products in the store doesn't narrowly see it necessarily make it risque.
It's not like the old sex shops we had here in Times Square said the Reverend Peter Copiatriot Holy Cross Church.
Regardless of whether the products have your blessing or not, the comma-suitcher products are turning up in places all over the place.
Currently they're available in many bars in New York hotels and a company spokeswoman said that negotiations are going on with them with the National Hotel chain to make them even more mainstream in Manhattan.
The company says it's also pitching its products to spies and big departments there is including blooming nails.
How do you like that?
What are the right wingers going to think about that?
I don't know. Probably have a problem with it.
Like they do with everything else?
Sure. While they're doing everything else.
Time magazine asked can this machine be trusted?
A woman walked into a folding place in Peoria, Illinois last week and proceeded to use one of the new electronic voting machines set up for early voting.
She logged on, went through each contest and she'd been making her choices.
After reviewing each race the machine checked to see if she was satisfied with her selections and wanted to move on.
Each time she pressed, yes, and the machine progressed to the next race.
When she was done a waving American flag appeared on the screen indicating that her votes had been cast and recorded.
But there were four years after Congress passed the law requiring every state to be, to vote by a method more reliable than the punch card system that paralyzed Florida and the nation in 2000.
The 2006 election is shaping up into a contest not just between Democrats and Republicans but also between people who believe in technology and those who fear machines can't be trusted to count votes in a closely divided democracy.
Perhaps the biggest fallacy in this debate is the notion that elections were perfect before Congress decided to hold them on computers.
I guess what they were not.
Stuffing the ballot box is not an expression from the world of fiction.
The problem with overroading punch cards existed for decades before the date line Palm Beach County became a household term.
Peoria County, Joanne Thomas, as she routinely tossed out several hundred twice-punched felons every year and represents roughly one percent of all registered voters in her jurisdiction.
The 2000 election reminded Americans that every vote makes a difference and scrutiny of polling practices intensified.
So just as America has moved to a process of electronic voting and tabulation intended to make voting more accessible, reliable and secure, trust in the system is actually gone down.
Can't imagine why, can you?
No, why?
Says David or clerk of the Illinois Cook County.
We used to have a problem of giving people the wrong ballots and if we were lucky, we'd catch you before they voted.
Now if the same thing happens with the touch screen, it's a conspiracy.
So far at least Murphy's Law has been a bigger problem than fraud.
Many jurisdictions, especially those with longer bilingual ballots, have struggled to program their computers perfectly and they've been scatted reports of glitches.
In three Virginia cities, for example, electronic voting machines have inadvertently shortened the name of Democratic candidate and one of the types of Senate races in the nation.
In Charlottesville, false church in Alexandria, James H. Webb's name will appear on the ballot summary screen page simply as James, type of Senate races in the nation.
In Charlottesville, false church in Alexandria, James H. Webb's name will appear on the ballot summary screen page simply as James, H. Jim, with no last name.
Sounds like a crisis except the same thing happened in the June primary and Webb still won.
Jim, you vote for Jim or for Macaukewitz.
Don't you think out of fairness, they ought to put for George Allen, they ought to say Macaukewitz?
I think they should since that's what everybody knows of us.
A big reward concerns something that's least likely to happen that someone will somehow meddle with the devices and manipulate vote tellies.
It's not impossible. Princeton, computer scientist, Edward Felton, a group of graduate students this past summer, tested the defenses of a voting machine made by Dibold, made your manufacturer such devices,
Felton's team found three ways to insert into the machine rogue programs that allowed them to redistribute votes that had already been cast.
In one instance, the testers had to take the machine apart with a screwdriver and act like they'd rather the attention to pull workers.
But in two others, they were able to quickly infect the device with a standard memory access card in which they'd installed a pre-programmed chip.
Other computer scientists have also breached like chronic voting machines.
Congressman Vernon Ellers, a Michigan Republican who's been holding hearings all fall, says manufacturers have produced machines that are very vulnerable, not very reliable, and he says I suspect fairly easy to hack the machine mind.
But who would do such a thing?
So that means we ought to be watching the HBO thing hack in the vote, generally.
Yeah, that'll prevent them from doing it.
Well, at least I will know about it and then we'll go in there and start screaming at you and say what's going on here, huh?
You bastards, you lunatics.
What are you most addicted to that's our poll question today?
1361, I think we got that 14 hundred licked. Can you smell it? That's because they're looking at it.
Most addicted to sex 250, the near Roger show 158, a distant second, sugar 156, 410149, TV103.
You ever take that course?
Porter TV?
TV103.
Oh, no.
Pot 95, booze 988, refined car of 79, the internet 54, I hate this poll only 50, 3.6%.
Math?
Math, oh Math, I thought it said Math, I'm addicted to the math.
Math 47, caffeine 37, what how did Math all of a sudden go to 47? Where did that come from?
I don't know, my people finally woke up.
It was on seven, all the meth heads.
Uh-huh.
Fake, airs on, caffeine 37, gambling 29, sports 24, sleeping pills 17, cocaine 17, and a heroin only 15.
I remember that when you were on YouTube that poll a couple of years ago and like 40% of your audience addicted to heroin.
Yeah, but they've moved on to math some of them.
Well, they saw his arm in that movie, Requiem, you know?
Oh, damn.
How is his band doing by the way and what is the inlay?
The band is doing well as a matter of fact, they're going to be a revolution in November, right around your birthday, I think.
November 6th, the day after your birthday, 30 seconds to Mars.
My God, we got some big stuff going on or what?
We have some heavy duties of the fourth or the second is Tuesday.
The Leafs are playing the panties at the end of the center.
What's happening on the fourth?
There's some big duins on the fourth, Saturday.
I figured what the hell was.
Fifth is my birthday Sunday.
Six is Jericho at the where?
I have a revolution in Port Lauderdale.
Bless you.
And of course the seventh is a lesson day.
I vote for Jericho without the purple arm.
12 minutes after 1 and 5, 60 WQ, I don't forget it's the heat thing, baby.
Heat.
So we got Mad Dog in a hump, we're going to be doing there a 2 to 7 at the Trivola Arena.
And we're going to be really surprised if Ira shows up on there, Ira win back.
Oh, it makes me want to crumble to the floor when I think about that.
You know what else makes me want to crumble to the floor when I think about it?
Chris Jones.
You know what he is?
Among other things, non-responsive.
Well, he's been non-responsive.
And you want to know why?
You see, if it was up to him, they just wouldn't even sell this show at all, as far as lives are concerned.
Because I'm too much of a pain in the ass.
I like things like, you know, copy and like finding out if we're doing anything for a client.
I'm a pain in the ass.
They don't like that.
They don't like me by their way.
That's right.
Oh, we don't want to sell that, Neil.
And he's just too picky.
And he won't do certain things.
Well, screw you, Chris, okay?
I shouldn't know.
Anybody, Yahoo, that came down from North Carolina with a banjo between his leg.
Right.
Anyway, right now it's Blue Back Road Chevy's race to 1000.
For the first time in their history, they want to sell 1000 vehicles in one month.
And today, in case you haven't noticed, it is the last day of October, the last day of that month.
So needless to say, they're going to make you deals like you wouldn't believe.
At Blue Back Road, you'll find the largest selection of new and used cars, including the hot new Corvette.
Believe me, you want one, even if you have to steal it.
Trucks SUVs, minibans, anywhere going.
They've also got used cars starting with just $3,995.
Everyone backed by a car-fax guarantee.
Blue Back Road's out to sell a thousand cars this month, so they're staying open until midnight tonight to get to that number.
And of course, I've been buying my Corvette and other cars there for years and years,
because they're unbeatable when it comes to service sales people, selection and price.
In fact, forget about prices.
Make them in the orphanage.
They'll beat any deal.
More money for your trade, zero percent financing, rebates it up to six grand, whatever it takes to get the deal done,
and get your ass in that vehicle of your choice.
Only at Blue Back Road Chevrolet with two great locations, they're in Pompano Beach, quarter mile west of mind,
and a five-and-cook on a creek, and 441 just out of the Saga Razz Expressway.
Remember, they'll be open till midnight tonight, so if you want the deal of your life on a great new Chevy,
get over at Blue Back Road Chevrolet, or check them on the web at BlueBackRoad, VACHRODT, BlueBackRoad.com.
The biggest name of the best talent for the business, the Eurotrist 420560, UAM.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
I have enough election officials left you confused.
Here is your guide to understanding how to cast your vote in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be.
Let's get started, shall we?
Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Normal Steve.
Who are you voting for?
I'll leave it in.
Do I see?
Now, read the butterfly ballot, starting with Bush Katie in the left column.
You can't enchickel Gruber, Mengele, Ikemen, and Gerbels in the right.
Where's our leaving?
Over there.
This guy will sky.
Yes. This guy will make mine baby food.
No. Now simply, punch a hole in the 1959 Univac Key Punch Guide.
Okay, wait. Over there.
Here. Use this microscope.
Okay. Is that it?
No.
Okay, I'll punch you again.
Is this so?
Oh, no. That invalidates your vote.
All right. Yeah, I'll punch you again.
And I'll punch you again.
You do that again. I'll punch you.
I'll put you in the middle of the quick measure.
Why you?
All right.
That's how to ring old hebes.
Remember comrades, if you want to live in Florida, exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother.
19-5-60. How about the Phantasmrather? What about him?
What about him?
Jimmy says we got it. Jimmy says we got it.
Oh, well, you know, read that stuff.
And I just want to vomit.
I just want to puke all over the place.
Bob Herbert writes, fed up with everybody.
He says in the campaign headquarters, a representative, Chris Chacola.
A Republican running for, that sounds like a, uh, breakfast ring, doesn't it? Chacola?
Hmm. Chacola.
Republican running for reelection in Indiana is spelled with a second congressional district.
There's a large photo of Ronald Reagan on the wall, but no picture of President Bush.
Mr. Bush wants an asset for Republican candidates has become a potentially devastating liability.
For campaigns like Mr. Chacola.
He's not as popular as he was the congressman said in an interview, but I would still say he's respected.
Mr. Chacola is in big political trouble. He knows that President Bush is much more than the cause than the solution.
And he mentioned the Bush administration tends to turn local Republicans as chilly as the dusting of lake effects snow that fell over South Bendia the night.
Lucy McKee, a 40-year-old part-time super market hurt told me. I voted for Bush twice. Now I just want him gone.
Mr. Bush is coming to this northern Indiana district to raise money for the Chacola campaign, but he hasn't been asked to appear with the congressman publicly to rally the spirited troops.
I don't know that it would help me said Mr. Chacola. He can't at least acknowledge it being seen as lined with Mr. Bush is not as much of a positive that it used to be.
Right. With control of the House at stake, the GOP can hardly afford to lose Mr. Chacola's seat.
Two years ago he defeated his Democratic opponent Joe Donnelly by roughly 9% of his points.
Mr. Dolly's is opposed again this year and a recent public poll showed him leading Chacola by about five points.
Mr. Chacola said his own internal poll show the race as the dead heat even Stephen Democrats seem confident that when control of the House on November 7th and Mr. Chacola is not convinced that they're wrong.
If you listen to the news every night, it's so be hard to say that that's not possible.
His district which has been heard by the downturn in the auto industry is more of a bell whether than most.
If I win said Chacola, then I think there's a reasonable chance will hold the House. If I don't, I think there's a reasonable chance we won't.
How to win Mr. What's that was that? Oh, that was my head hit Mike.
It would be an oxen of sense in here.
To win Mr. Chacola and the GOP people have to deal with the unhappiness of voters like Ms. McKee and like Jerry Niazi, a 60 year old South Bend resident who works as security monitor at the University of Notre Dame and describes herself as a lifelong registered Republican.
I bet she's got the hots for a greedy quinn. I know I sure as I'll do what's happening now is frightening to me.
She said the war the deficit the colonialism on the kind of Republican who's signed on for balanced budgets, minimal government and letting people go about their lives.
I feel like somebody has thrown away that playbook. Ms. Niazi or is that Nazi said she's pro business but never dreamed that corporate interests would achieve the kind of overwhelming and corrosive influence on the federal government that they have under president Bush.
Corrosive, baby. They're cleaning up. She said while people here are having a tough time even just making ends meet the overwhelming sense that took away from interviews with voters in and around South Bend was a feeling of disillusionment with government.
Republicans and Democrats spoke sourly about the Bush administration but no unexpected dramatic changes in the Democrats game control of vulnerable houses.
People say that Democrats are weak and frankly I think they are said Vernon to it originally moved to Misha Walker from San Luis.
I'm cut up with everybody said Misha Walker you know who was there. No who much of Misha go in.
Oh the big issue here as in most of the country is Iraq which will have playing post a 3000 American lives by the end of this year and which is nice and almost as long as the US involvement in WDW2.
The war creates stress on the electorates electorates and congressman Chakola. I think it whereas people's patience they don't see a clear light at the end of the tunnel.
They see every night on the news the bad things going on they almost never see any of the good things going on that's because there aren't any.
It's understood this is a very tough political environment for Republicans people want change but the likely red enthusiasm for the Democrats is an indication that the system itself isn't working well and that would be a problem more serious than even Iraq.
There are only two major parties where where do troubled voters turn if the countries in the serious fix and neither party is seem as having an adequate solution.
People have to bring foot out from Cuba. Oh yeah he'll fix it. Yeah. Bring him to Miami. Give him give him a shave bad hair cut. Bring his ass up to bits.
I'll school safety drill and Wyoming mission. Did I do the story that they're not? I guess not. Huh?
The school safety drill that included police officers in riot here with weapons is caused concern among some parents who say it was too realistic and frightened some of the students.
Police in the western Michigan community of Wyoming entered two classrooms at Lee Middle and high school on Thursday last week and announced there was a threat to the school the Grand Rapids press is students who were unaware police were conducting a drill were taken from the classroom into the halls.
They were taken from the schools. Painted down by officers and asked what they had in their pockets the newspaper said. What do you got in your pocket? I would say forever to get some help.
But a new week was about to blow some of these kids were so scared they just about wet their pants said March Bradshaw apparent with four children in Godfrey Lee schools.
I think it's pure wrong that the students and parents were in the form of this officers were protective gear including western helmets and carried rifles that were unloaded and marked with color tape to indicate that we're not live weapons in his paper said.
I'm sure the kids knew that I'm sure the kids were worth that they wouldn't know what my pants Diana still a parent of an eighth grade students said that real went too far my child was with this face to the wall in the hallway of the high school.
So I said I certainly don't want anything like this happening to my child principal David Britain said students weren't told ahead of time to make the real realistic as possible teachers were informed moments before to replace.
I think this is the best way to do it Britain said we're not looking to scare anyone when we want a sense of urgency we want them to pee in their pants but while in police chief James Carmody said his office were not aware students and parents were told he said his department will mandate the parents be notified ahead of time in the future.
And what was this drills supposed to be the purpose was to show how we will evacuate the classroom not to assault the classroom he said.
It was an evacuation drill obviously some of them did evacuate like in their pants that's what they had been lining up against the wall getting Chris right in a bad kid in that right.
Just like couple nights ago we have one of our phony fire alarms false alarm and I'm building here and I waddle down several flights of stairs to get to the lobby and a whole bunch of people from the building were in there but there was a fine fine young gentleman there early 20s glasses on very clean cut never saw before in the building.
And I said they're like yeah what are you going to do when you're waiting for them to give you the all clear what are the fire guys are the they're running in there and out near like slumping around there's nothing going on you know and the thing is going like that like yelda like that.
Then I noticed that this gentleman had a wedding band on.
I was thinking about his better hat you did you thought you were kept thinking what a waste well maybe he's on the deal.
I beg your pardon you know on the download.
Oh maybe I'm going to go and do it during the research sounds good to me.
26 past one at five sixty W.M.E.
You're perverted station man forget about sports that's the only sport anybody cares about is screwing their brains out getting laid getting somebody hot.
Getting into somebody's pantaloonies baby that's all anybody cares about the rest of their bunch of liars right.
Everybody else is a liar.
There's no lie when I tell you I've been using dry concepts on my carpets and all over my home for 21 long years now because you'd have to be crazy.
Let anybody else come in here and pots you around with your expensive carpeting and furniture and drapery and all of these.
All of these things oriental rugs area rugs and don't forget just because you can't see the dirt with an A.K.I.
And the molding in your carver doesn't mean it's not in there it's in there trust me just like they say with that prego spaghetti sauce it's in there.
And in South Florida people tend to go a long period of time with that opening windows which really breeds unhealthy conditions not just schmutzy but unhealthy as well.
More reasons to dry clean your carpets on a regular basis with dry concepts your carpet last longer because by keeping it dry clean it stays cleaner longer too.
Comes out softer the colors come out looking better your house smells lemony fresh and your carpets are drying just a couple of hours so you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
When you call dry concepts and don't forget dry concepts got a plan to make frequent cleaning easy and just a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning to you'll ever have a dirty carpet again if you use dry concepts like having to do it all these years in
Broward Column at 9.5.4 3.70778 that's 9.5.4 3.70778 in Dayton Palm Beach called Rock Concepts Tool 3 at 1.800 248 5071 that's 1.800 248 5071.
The biggest name so best talent for the business wheel Rogers for 205 60s you a.M.
George Rodriguez no good.
Worms there was this key or the head a little accident had to run from school but we in a finally came back.
His friends give him a new name of Stinky George.
Each ride to make a John but you know he could hold it.
I don't give a ride to that here.
27.02.
We had a couple of facts here short and sweet and why didn't we add this on before it's your fault because I'm not a billed sure.
Why not because I'm not a home boss this entry said might add numbers to your problems.
The part you got this land to show it out somebody else thinking of them.
Tank killers like like that in Perkisette Oxies. Oxies right things like that all of these.
All of these and.
What's that method got it on there.
Tank killers we do know.
Oh yeah.
Meth is getting the crank code it's getting like free.
That's cute the crank code.
Uh huh.
No seriously it is it's getting 69 already we had seven votes like 10 minutes ago and out of all it's got 69.
Puerto Rican Rouse says I want to wish you happy birthday long time Mr. Uber 18 years and he says see that's the idea's played.
It's you know it's cute but he doesn't know how to say it right like this folie you guys say.
Like that as opposed to whatever they were doing.
So we got to think of this we can actually get to 15 hundred with all these crank votes excuse me.
They're Google and then you wonder why they're doing it because I said oh well you know they're always complaining that everybody in their brother is on meth and all these towns are going to hell and it only had seven votes.
And I got 69 I bet you're like Google it's got more because you know once they start freepin something you'll like the number start just ballooning up the right out.
I'm saying oh yeah 70 see they're they're coming in by the ones.
A catastrophe was narrowly averted when a jetliner landed on a narrow taxiway at Newark Airport instead of the runway according to the New York Post.
And an astonishing screw up Saturday the pilot of continental flight 1883 touched down on a taxiway just to the north of the runway only feet from administrative buildings.
Then he proceeded to the gate is if nothing had happened source to set.
To say this is lucky was an understatement one source said this is a big F.A.M. deal how do you land a jet on a taxiway question mark.
F.A.A. investigators are trying to figure out what caused the pilot deviation official said.
Although no one was hurt see was an accident but nobody got hurt.
Although no one was hurt experts said it could have been a disaster had another plane been on the taxiway at the time.
The Boeing 750's him flying from Orlando made a standard approach over the New Jersey turnpike but rather than landing on the 6800 foot long 150 foot wide runway 29 it touched down on a 70 foot wide taxiway at 6.31pm.
The wingspan of the jet is 155 feet.
The pilot made such a short stop he left skid marks on the taxiway which related by police investigating the bizarre incident according to a source.
Experts said they were baffled how on a clear night the pilot could mistake or run away for a taxiway the sun had set at 5.50pm.
The plane carried 157 passengers in the crew of 6.430 police immediately were identified but the pilot didn't hang around to explain himself.
There was no acknowledgement from the crew they landed on the taxiway this source said.
They screwed up with a high table.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, what you be saying we got to the gate and that's all accounts.
Voicy Idaho here's a Halloween story.
You know what I would be doing if I was given a Halloween candy I'd have bags and bags of Mary Jane would you have been given them out.
Well, there was any left but he got your house hanged.
Why did you start with I guess that was one of the worst things I started it.
I didn't get about it.
How could I start it when I'm not the one that had the goopy Mary Jane sitting around that you were talking about it and I said there happens to be one of my people.
Mary Jane you were talking about all that old candy and I said there's a crazy person is that right Josh.
He did bring it up who did I well I know he mentioned the candy that he had he had a little.
Right that's correct for you did after you started talking about candy I didn't start talking about until you mentioned the Mary Jane.
Yeah, you were talking to that again to see if you could see it the Mary Jane's man and out of nowhere I said hey I got a Mary Jane candy right here.
You were going by so that I had to come from.
I mean this a lot of off the ceiling for crying out loud.
He really did fit.
Well, in fact I know I wasn't talking about it because that's what I thought you were talking about when you said Mary Jane.
Mm hmm.
Anyway, what did you do with the dish made can it I told you that yesterday was taking a big deal.
No black cat will cross your path to a salarue not if a northern Idaho animal shelter can help it.
Like many shoulders around the country the Kootenai Humane Society in Kurtalane Idaho excuse me is is prohibiting black cat it up in from now till November 2nd till Thursday.
Fearing the animals could be mistreated in Halloween Prince or worse sacrifice in some satanic ritual.
All your kids out there don't be nearly dead cat to somebody's door by the way this month.
Kootenie.
What did I say Kootenai.
Well that's because it's an Idaho and you're a Montana boy.
I remember the last time the Kootenie River Kootenie County.
Kootenie.
Kootenie.
It's an engine word.
The rest may be remote to the shoulders executive director it's kind of an urban legend.
Oh who was in that will we have actually dear leader was in an urban legend wasn't in the one or two.
I don't know.
But in the humane industry it's pretty typical that shoulders don't do adoptions of black cats or white bunnies because of the whole satanic sacrificial thing Morgan said.
If we provide one animal from getting hurt then it serves its purpose.
You don't think that whole satanic sacrificial thing has to do with that role as wild stories of Jesus and that stuff.
Maybe all those stories of human sacrifice out of 97 cats that the shelter 20 air black Morgan said.
That's not good for them.
However some animal experts said the practice is more to hurt animals and protect them.
Black cats already suffer a stigma because of their color said.
Gail Buckwell.
The most presently American society for the prevention of cruelty animal shoulders New York City.
Why penalize them anymore by limiting the times when they can be adopted?
That's right poor little putty cat wants a home for crying out loud.
So what if you do put it in the microwave and nail it up on the door?
Black cats tend to be adopted less often than other felines.
If it didn't know that.
Nope.
But you hate you really there's no difference from the color of the cat it's tied in this whole mythology about the animal.
Don't let across your path some foreboding or foreshadowing of evil and that's an outdated superstition she'd be saying.
See I don't care what the color of the cat is I just hate them all anyway.
It's not clear how many shoulders still seasonably banned black cat adoption said Kim and Tino, director of animal sheltering issues for the humane society of the USA.
But the friend seems to be fading along with the ones common bands on bunny adoptions around Easter or puppy adoptions as Christmas gifts.
Puppy adoptions as Christmas gifts.
Yeah.
Does happen really.
Oh yeah.
Wow.
That sounds like a great idea for my house.
Does it?
If there were people I'm not going to be there.
If there were people who were there were probably I don't want that you know like I said yesterday my carpets are nice and clean thanks to dry concepts right now.
After all this time has gone by especially that little piece of crap that tiny you know in fact little piece of crap is his middle name.
And sometimes it wasn't so little if there were people out there performing rituals with animals that I would think that Halloween would be a time for that.
But a good adoption process would tend to weed that out in Tino said there's going to be incidents of weird abuse that happens no matter what the remedy is not banning black cat adoptions.
But if you're in voisy Idaho well good luck in the first place.
Never been Idaho.
What's the thing that which part you go to?
Corddling.
Corddling yes.
Northern panhandle is nice beautiful.
What is it?
Cootney.
Cootney.
And you're wondering why 33 or 35% of America still love his bush?
You're wondering?
Well it's about 50-50 there I would say.
A lot of hippies live.
Let me give you a barometer okay.
A yardstick, a measuring point.
Think about our sales manager.
The biggest name.
Even Compromido.
The biggest is Neil Rogers.
Force radio 560.
QAM.
Ricky Blow.
I'm glad.
I got another day.
I am.
As a dolphins.
And here we go again.
Here's another losing season.
That's never gone.
And they never win.
They never will.
And I will never know why sports are a straighted victim.
Go in the Super Bowl.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
I didn't do.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The same old story nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the fairy start.
I watched some pitch for a game.
And did you see the wimpy wave?
It's saving through that flag.
Standing on the sidelines.
We look just like a fag in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
You pair.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
I'm 30.
No.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They're problems, stick to them like glue.
That's the new thing.
The dolphins watch the football role and then be Tennessee.
It's only fysher luck that they pulled out of the glory.
And then they played the Texans in almost maybe six.
That stupid two-point pass play.
That fumbling on sidestricking.
They're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
I'm 30.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Oh, and no more, it needs to shoot.
The dolphins can't control the ball.
They're running, game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always on a flow of lead of that you can be sure.
And when they leave the field so has a stench of common.
Or they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
I'm 30.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of food.
Oh, no.
No, stop.
But dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games must have been great.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
Astray St. Taylor and Zectomis.
Which theme is the worst in the whole thing?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell?
32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're true.
148, 12 minutes before the mad dog from the AAA arena.
Heat season starts tonight.
They get the rings, man.
Where are they going to put that ring?
Welcome.
Look at that.
Number four, our red story on our website today is
a GOP Uppervirtz.
GOP homoerotic, homoerotic cabal, Christen, and his sweet 16 friend.
200 tossed people to red that all right.
It's moving up the list.
Josh should be really proud of that if he would have put that on there.
But maybe Eric will explain it to you someday.
Well, I'm sure he's really proud of it.
No, he's not.
Jurors hearing evidence against Ronald Samuel's accused of having hit men to kill his wife and her second husband.
Convicted the 58-year-old Boca Man is seven of eight criminal counts today.
However, the judge in the case, Lucy Chernol Brown, sent the panel back into the jury room.
I wonder if she's kind of Fudge Brown.
Is Fudge Brown or Bobby Brown?
Sent the panel back into the jury room to complete the verdict form because they didn't complete all the questions pertaining to the verdict.
There's a possibility that the jury could return with a change verdict that will keep your eye on it.
Among the guilty verdicts we turned against Samuel's over for a first degree attended murder of his ex-wife,
attempted a second degree murder of her husband, shooting into an occupied vehicle,
conspiracy to commit a first degree murder, and three or four counts of soliciting a hitman to commit murder.
Other than that, not much.
Samuel's face is life in prison convicted in the murder for a higher case.
Prosecuted to say the wealthy Boca Man hired four crack addicts, seculars ex-wife Heather,
and her husband, John Grossman, during a battle over child support and visitation.
He must have been pretty peeled, huh?
I liked it.
Heather Grossman was crippled in the 97 attack.
John Grossman survived with minor injuries, but died before the case was brought to trial.
State wildlife officials have developed several potential changes to the Florida alligator management.
Including removing from the reptile from its listed imperial species,
allowing homeowners to deal with nuisance gators themselves.
In other words, kill them.
State made downgrade gators to gain and while killing by homeowners is the headline.
Do you want to go out and kill some gators?
Yeah, all right.
I know the hurricanes do because they're pissed off.
The possible changes come from the first comprehensive review of the management program
in its 20-year history developed through a public input over 10-day period in September.
A grant proposal was posted on the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission's website yesterday.
The commission will hear the options that it's December meeting and make recommendations to state scientists.
Some of the new rules could take effect by late next year and you can start killing all the gators you want.
All right.
That's some good eating.
It's the kill and stayed baby. It's Florida.
Crawford'sville, Indiana, a teenager who decided to get her breast pierced for her 18th birthday.
Faces reconstructed surgery after a flesh-destroying infection forced doctors to remove her left breast.
How bad decision.
Yeah.
Stephanie Eddington of Crawford'sville remained hospitalized Friday at the Indiana University Mental Center Indianapolis,
where surgeons also removed lymph nodes and infected skin up to her collarbone.
Dr. Robert Rulay Jr., I wonder if he was singing to her?
A professor at the Indiana University Cancer Center said the piercing created an entry point for the bacteria
but the procedure likely did not cause the infection itself.
Eddington is diabetic, where slept through susceptible infection.
Oh, another good reason for me not to go out and get any ice cream today.
Or a nasal piercing.
Or Mary Jane's.
Doctors diagnosed an intenuous piercing August 29 with necrotizing fasciitis.
Huh?
Or gas gangrene.
A rare condition results from rapid bacteria growth and leads to tissue destruction.
So only the third documented case in the world of gas gangrene in the breast area,
relayed to the paper of Montgomery County.
She was in critical condition by the time she read the hospital October 14.
By the time she got here, the skin tissue was all pretty much completely dead, he said.
She was a very sick kid when she got here.
Eddington's on an aggressive antibiotic regimen is all been in the ground three surgeries.
She faces several more including a menstrual breast reconstruction.
But he liked that.
And that's one of the shows they put on A&E along with that chrysanthemum, mine freak or whatever that supercrap is.
You're a freak.
Freak.
Ink.
Every time I turn over to A&E expecting some kind of a real show, you know.
Oh, ink stink.
That's what I'm thinking.
Have you ever seen that in your ink?
Yeah.
I can't stand tattoos, man.
It just gross me out.
I don't know what I was going to get you for your next birthday.
No, okay. Right on my left cheek.
Right on time.
Yeah.
One that says, hey, Chris Jones belongs here, okay?
I'll say, kiss this.
Kiss this, Chris.
And of course, you know what the experts say about him, don't you?
Good job, right?
That's what they're saying.
Of course, he was an expert.
Remember in the early days, he was stuck out to the sale department.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Because no matter what I would say or you would say, he would say the opposite.
Of course, that was a sales department that we had then in retrospect starting to look maybe just a little bit better.
The biggest name, the best talent.
The business, Rio Rajvers, 4th, radio 560, UAM.
It's day high, Yadi Town.
At 560, WQAM.
All right.
Brad, what's the problem out there?
Roger Houston, we lost our nuts and bolts up here.
Or...
Roger that.
Do you guys know what you're doing up there?
Well, but the honest way he was sitting there, and he was gonna be on there.
They lost a bolt last night in flight.
Don't look.
Oh, for crying out loud.
Yeah, the same.
Cause that is the...
Houston, we have a problem.
You and that's all I have to say about that.
I'm supposed to be high.
Okay, Jordan is good.
I'm a skilled champion.
Daniel.
You think you might be able to send someone up here to help us?
You're Roger Space Station, negative on that.
I've never heard such dawns in my life.
This is not funny. This totally unprofessional.
It's not a bolt, it's me.
You already.
You're a fat idiot.
I'm not sure exactly what you want us to do down here.
Well, Houston, we're not exactly sure what to do up here.
I think it's gonna be a long, long time.
So I'd say space is what's on that side.
While I've sent a mechanic up and picked them home.
Oh, no, no, no.
That's a rocket man.
I am very professional.
Rocket man.
Surrounding.
Way up there.
Morning, morning.
Come on, this is a rocket science here.
Thank you, fellow astronauts there.
I think what you're doing is really important.
Thanks for taking my phone call.
Now get back to work.
That's it.
Bye, bye, bye.
