That's my junior honey!
Oh!
I'm a rex-weener for Charlie G's at Christ.
In 1979, I was dancing at a local disco having a lot of fun.
But when I left a little too high, my index finger got stuck in the crystal dancing ball.
So I was just hanging there for what it seemed like forever with my finger in the crystal dancing ball screaming, Christ, help me!
Then Charlie came along and pulled it out.
And my finger too.
This is not the day Christ is there, of course.
He is not.
Just ask him what he'll tell you himself.
He's a delicious gubernatorial candidate.
Why in North Fly does the gurbers just love him?
Because they know, he's a member of a good banding with the gay old parties.
Taxed you over Chuck E. G's in the sky.
I'm certainly nobody stupidly fabulous!
This emancipate poor by Charlie G's in Christ for governor.
My voice low enough.
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-lo-la-la-la-la-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo.
And look how many votes we got on the pool right now.
790!
Oh, coincidence!
How do you like that?
Wow, that amazing.
So the big rumor around town, according to...
Gosh, porthas.
By the way, Castor is dead.
Dead, dead, tired?
Dead tired.
You know, looks good.
Jomp and A is dead too.
She's still dead.
Well, there's so much crap going on, you know.
But the big rumor is that, um,
Cross the street over there at 790, the ticket,
the station at very Jackass and Jimicerny,
we're so whipped up into a frenzy about,
and it was on the front pages of all the newspapers.
They're gonna kick you ass at all this other crap.
Um, I haven't had any of them lost $8 billion since they started this little, uh,
Sports adventure there.
Uh, and of course that doesn't count all the millions that they're gonna lose
during this upcoming football season, which starts very, very soon.
Mediums, mole on the dolphins.
But at any rate, so the rumor is that March 1st, they pulled a plug.
Jefferson pilot pulls the plug and that's the end of that experiment,
because they don't own the station anyway.
They're leasing it.
They're like, uh, part-time, uh, you know, renters.
That's the rumor around town, according to...
Jackass.
And his, uh, moles over there across the street.
How do you like that?
Would that be bad?
What are we gonna correct you about then?
What will the excuse be?
I'll ensure somebody else will start another sport.
Oh, that's right.
If we have like 15 stations doing sports talk,
just imagine all the millions of listeners that will bring the sports talk radio,
so says Ray Perry.
Oh, Ray, get yourself some help before it's too late.
Please, pretty please.
So that's what we're hearing.
Now, you know what I'm thinking?
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking that once the March 1st comes around,
you know, it all depends on how Kenny Walker does in the morning with Kimba Bo camper.
Mm-hmm.
All of if Kenny Walker does pretty good,
maybe we'll have, uh, when he gets your rose back with,
uh, wouldn't that be something?
That would be something.
Same Kimba back down to sit by the mookow in front of the university dodge.
How, what do you think?
Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't listening.
I'm cutting some paper.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, what was that business about?
Brittany says, uh, the second kid was illog-ed, was, uh, unexpected.
Yeah, I don't know.
I guess they weren't, uh, planning for it?
What's that all about?
They got any votes already on the pool.
We haven't even barely got our ass so warm here on the chair.
That's pretty good.
Pretty, pretty good.
We'll get our thousand of they easy.
So, you know what's gonna happen now?
Another, we put this out there on the ear.
Of course, they're gonna be all the denials.
They're gonna be, oh no, that nea Roger is just spreading rumors.
He just made, and I did say it was a rumor tonight.
I didn't say the real fact.
I said, there's a very strong rumors.
Start about Josh Carter.
Is it going around?
Almost as strong as the one that Kaster is gonna be dead any day.
Now, which one do you think is gonna have the biggest party in Broward?
We know it's gonna have a big party in date, if Kaster occurs, but in Broward,
they might have a big party of the ticket dies.
The dead ticket, because they've lost eight million dollars,
and the other part of the rumor was that Joel Feinberg's daddy has taken over the reins from Joel,
because he does, he wants to stop the bloodbath,
stop the bloodletting of all the cash going through the toilet.
I don't know how he's gonna do that.
So, maybe that's one of the reasons that there seems to be like a,
I don't know, a cathartic situation going on over there.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Of course, if you had numbers at all began with,
you probably wonder what pulled the plug too.
Isn't that something?
I was speaking of dead things beside the ticket,
and by the way, Orlando, if, what did he say about Shiley?
Did he always a stud?
Did you hear that line?
No.
Yeah, he said, and he was going out thanking all of the 85 people that work on Hank Shown in the morning.
Shiley, we always just stud.
Yeah, he can play the tape back.
Did he say that, Josh?
Yeah, I think he did.
Yeah, always a stud.
If he's such a stud, how come he's not over there fighting for the Israeli army?
He's already done his time.
Yeah.
No, I'm serious.
If he's such a hot stud, how come he's not over there?
He's been over there.
He's been over there.
He has bullies, huh?
The dad already did his time for him.
Yeah, like me, story.
Two wars.
Coward.
He's got the pins.
He don't be scared about that.
He called Thorough Kirby's dead.
Yeah, that's sad.
I wonder, is he the guy from the vacuum cleaners?
I think the same family, huh?
Bruno Kirby, get out of here.
Although, you know, something his father, Bruce Kirby, was a famous actor,
which I never heard of me either.
Did you?
Yeah.
I googled him there on IMDb, and boy, he had a lot of credits.
He made about 4,000 movies.
Yes, he did.
How do you know that?
Did he made about 4,000 movies?
Not Bruno, I'm talking about Bruce Kirby.
Oh, his father, no, I thought you were talking about Bruno.
No, I never heard of his father.
Bruno Kirby, veteran character actor, who started a co-starred in when Harry met Sally.
When Sally got Harry, city slickers and many other films died.
He was only 57, a veritable pup.
Kirby died yesterday in LA from complications related to leukemia,
according to a statement from his wife Lynn Sellers.
I wonder if she's kind of Peter Sellers, or the a drug-wred-compete-o-park Tom Sellers.
He had recently been diagnosed with a disease.
Kirby was perhaps best known for his role's opposite Billy Crystal.
In 1989's When Harry, a Sally met Harry and 1999's, city slickers.
Other film credits included Good Morning Vietnam,
and of course, Donnie Brasco and Godfather Part II.
He played young Clemenza.
That's right.
That was a great scene when they stole a car,
a car, a little bit more.
Everything like that.
Very important character, very important.
He's the one that got him into it in the first place.
Yeah.
He's the one that got Don Vito Corbio in the, all that mobbing.
They hide these guns, all that stuff.
Although quite frankly, when you stop and think about it,
I mean, how much did Bruno Kirby look like?
I know people change a lot from their youth to when they get older.
Especially when they get fat.
You're right, that's true. That's a good point.
And of course, can we ever forget the great line from Clemenza?
Believe it or not.
They think it only.
More recently, Bruno Kirby played Phil Ru,
how do you do that, by the way?
I can't play fart sounds because you always have a nervous crap about that.
But we can play trombone sounds for sure,
because it's like a musical.
I know.
Anyway, more recently, Bruno Kirby played Phil Ru,
and Steve on the HBO series, Entourage.
We're incredibly grateful for the art pouring of support we've received
from Bruno's fans and colleagues who have admired respect
and his work over the past 30 years as Wifel in set.
Bruno's spirit will continue to live not only in his rich body,
a film and TV work, but also through the lives of individuals he touched
throughout his life.
He's dead.
And there's a picture of him here with a young Leo de Caprio.
What the hell will they be, were they in together?
Or maybe they're just hanging out together?
He just gives me Phil Kies Leo.
I just see him and I get very upset.
There's just certain people like that.
He's one of the foremost ones.
I just see him and I just start clenching my teeth
and the boat starts stripping out of my tongue
and I start making all kinds of guttable sounds.
873 votes on George's pull from yesterday.
What's your take on evolution?
And of course if you listen to the show very much,
you realize that it's a work in progress,
but evolution is taking place very slowly.
You agree with that?
Oh yeah.
We're here to prove that.
873 votes, it's a proven of zero.
In fact, that's what I voted because it is 536.
It's like saying it's today Thursday.
It's only a theory that the best one we have, 193.
They're like people who say they're agnostic like George.
That's it.
Be the random boy.
I don't want to come right out and just assert themselves and say,
this is a fact.
It's not a theory.
We see it.
It happens right in front of our very eyes.
Just take a look at what's his name, Patrick, you ain't.
Well, maybe those people just don't really understand science
and how it works.
There he goes with that devil crap again.
By the way, I can't wait to get to that story
about the independent I told you.
That's a great newspaper.
John Prescott, the Deputy Prime Minister of England,
says that George Bush is, and I'm quoting directly now,
George Bush is.
Oh yeah.
Oh no.
Oh yeah.
Oh.
I wonder what Bush thinks about that.
Oh.
Anyway, 173 votes on George's poll yesterday.
It's only a theory.
The best one we have, 193.
Any theory about the origin of life is as valid as any other 54.
Whatever that means.
A couple of those just kind of sound the same.
Put it together.
Only the Bible's account of creation is correct.
52.
Oh, the God Squad.
They're right at again.
The Bible, yeah.
On the first day, he took a good light leak.
And on the second day, it's a theory that no more,
that's no more relevant intelligence design, 20,
oh, the ID crowd.
We got to ID them and come into their house and blow their brains out
if we could find where they were.
It's a falsehood invented by Darwin, an agent of the devil.
Now we're getting close to the need of the matter 18.
He was an agent of the devil.
First one to build an even bigger wall.
Okay, more good news from Iraq.
We always get this out of the way at the beginning of the show
because nobody's paying any attention to it anymore,
especially now.
How convenient that they finally caught this guy,
who evidently, who claims that he killed John Vene.
And an amazing hub.
Loosen the Neocon Nazis.
They just keep falling into a bucket of, like the John Prescott said,
crap.
Because now John Vene is on every, I mean, 24-7 coverage.
Now just every, no, we're even on the Kamikama, Kamikawa,
Kamilian channel.
Careful.
File is around Iraq left 30.
About 30, man.
People dead yesterday.
Two car bombs exploded on a commercial street in Central Baghdad,
killing 13, moving 43.
Earlier a bomb detonated in the street market in Central Baghdad,
and I heard just a killing 9, moving 24 there.
In Mosul, North of Baghdad, 6th London,
were killed in two wounded during fire fights with Iraqi security forces.
And it goes on, on, on.
Over 26 hundred dead American soldiers,
by the way, not the name, but he's talking about it.
Because we went from that to the Israeli conflict over there
that the Bush moisture set up.
And that didn't work out too well at all.
Even with, maybe if Shia Leeby would have been over there,
he'd have put the Israelis over the edge.
But anyway, that didn't work out too well.
So then we went to the terror plot in the UK,
and the liquids on the plane, including that crazy bitch yesterday,
which will eventually get around to her.
And that didn't work out too well,
because now there are all kinds of suspicions about the timing of it,
and the fact that the Bush people push Blair into like going ahead
with the arrests prematurely, and may have screwed up
part of the investigation.
So everything they touched turns to brown, you know?
Like brownie brown, heck of a job brownie.
Everything turns to like fudge brown.
And so now, thank God, finally, we get him off the hook.
We get all that other bad news off the front pages,
off the TV talking head, we got the Jambanay.
Aren't you really concerned about Jambanay?
Everyday. Jambanay.
And you owe an apology, by the way.
I'm going to tack up post it, go toward the tombstone.
I'm my dad, no, it's me, I'm a pro-pastor.
He may pay rent, he may pay me up.
See, that business, you being relentless bastard that you are.
You probably will play that.
Yeah.
So I'm going to beat you into the podcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
Now.
You're a bastard.
My dad loves me all the time.
He may kill and he may cut me up.
A rock.
When I reach on the day when he will be.
I will kill by my daddy.
A rock.
Oh, my dad loves me all the time.
I was a little greedy.
It's got a media, a movie, a movie.
I'm not the one who knows.
A rock, rock, rock.
He beat me and he may put out her ho.
And that's where he didn't know.
We grew up together, and I was the comrade.
He beat me and he made me choose.
And that's where he's the one who did it.
You'll never hear and I did it.
Look, my dad loves me all the time.
Look, my dad loves me all the time.
Not, not.
Well, wait a moment really.
I mean, you know what, I still don't like them.
I still don't understand the parents even though Pansley did it.
I'm not just a Pajan people thing.
First of all, the reason that everybody thought they were guilty,
you want to know what the reason was because they acted guilty.
Sure.
They acted guilty as hell and they didn't want to cooperate with the police
and then just by their behavior by the ambiance of their actions.
Everybody thought they'd done it.
Plus, you know, the border police didn't know they're asked for my elbow.
And now this guy comes along.
A former American school teacher said,
are you cracking your knuckles again?
No, I was on capping a water bottle.
Oh, and that sounded like he was cracking.
You know what, sounded like to me just like this.
A former American school teacher said publicly Thursday he was with John,
but he was with John Boney Ramsey when she was,
this is one of the strange things I have ever seen in my life.
I'm not so sure if it's a dude or a dude S.
What is it?
But he was with John Boney when she was killed and called a six-year-old's death an accident.
A stunning admission that should have answered ten years of questions in the unsolved murder case.
Just like now, if John F. Fatthead Boney would have thought about that, those were all accidents.
Oops, he'd still be with us today.
John Mark Carr, 41, will be taken to Colorado where he'll face charges of first-degree murder,
kidnapping and child sexual assault.
I was with John, but I once he died.
John Mark Carr told reporters afterward,
visibly nervous and stuttering as he spoke.
Her death was an accident.
Asked if he was innocent of the crime, Carr said.
No.
No.
But it was an accident.
Somebody got hurt.
Carr confessed to the killing after his arrest yesterday.
It is downtown Bangkok apartment by Thai and American authorities said,
Lieutenant General Sumpthin, that's the name with 800 letters, head of Thailand's immigration police.
Now that I got off my dinner job, I'm sure we're not going to try this one.
He said, Carr insisted his crime was not first-degree murder,
but that he died during our kidnapping attempt.
They went awry.
He said it was second-degree murder.
He said it was unintentional.
He said he was in love with a child.
He was a pageant queen.
Mm-hmm.
So why is that?
Ultimately, it was mom.
He's fine.
You know what they say?
It takes one to no one, because he looks like a real queen to me.
Nevertheless, Carr had a crime.
He didn't have a wife, you know.
Did he?
Carr had a crime to say what his connection to the Ramsey family was.
Dressed in the turquoise polo shirt and khaki trousers.
Now, isn't that important?
Who wears this from?
This is from Oda, Harold.
Well, but it's from the associated press.
Dressed in a turquoise polo shirt and khaki trousers, he appeared ashen.
With an expressionless look on his face, which I'm sure each and every one of you seen,
eight million times already this morning and last night, it's all over the place.
And you know, they're bringing all these people on to be interviewed who said that the Ramsey didn't do it.
One of them is going to start bringing all the people on from the national inquiry and the others who were kneeling their ass to the wall, like us.
Oh, I won't see them, don't they?
An attorney for the Ramsey, you know.
Wait a year, this.
I don't know if you heard where he's from.
No.
An attorney for the Ramsey family said yes to the car once lived near the family in Conier's, Georgia.
Conier's, Georgia, that's where the Virgin Mary showed up on the side.
That's right.
That's right.
Remember that not too many years ago?
And the pilgrims, the God fearing pilgrims from all across America were schlepping to Conier's, Georgia to take a peak at the Virgin Mary.
But before they could get there, she showed up on the under that overpass in Chicago.
Wednesday's arrest was a surprise development in one of America's most lured murder cases, which has left a clavisous fishing over her family after years went by with the arrests.
Some fear the case would never be solved.
W.Q.Y.M., hello.
John Van A.L.
Yeah, I speak to mail.
Speaking.
Yeah, this guy's wife already said that she was, he was with her when that murder happened.
This guy is, he's getting to do it.
There's just a lot of embarrassed people trying to cover their asses.
That's what it sounds like to me.
Yeah, I don't really buy it.
And I also have a problem with that song he just played.
Yeah.
I couldn't understand enough of the words.
Well, that's probably just as well.
Now, okay, there, just keep, just keep that call in case they come to take you as way.
Striking video images of the blonde hair girl in child beauty page and self propellification were behind profile entries in the USA.
A university of Colorado spokesman, Barry Hartman said, journalism professor Michael Tracy communicated with Carover several months of contact with police.
The university spokesman said he didn't know what prompted Tracy to become suspicious of Car.
Tracy produced a documentary in 2004 called Who Killed John Van A.
A woman who answered the phone at a number under his name said he didn't live there no more.
His office phone mailbox was full.
The Ramses learned the police were investigating Car at least a month before a June death of John Van A's mother, Patsy.
I think he's just a Patsy who died from a very imp answer.
In a statement yesterday, a father, John Ramsey said that if his wife had lived to see Car's arrest, she would no doubt have been as pleased as I am with today's development after tenure.
You did it, John.
You done it.
In fact, let's play that again.
Car was quoted as saying he tried to kidnap John Van A for $118,000 ransom, but that is planned by the Rye and he strangled her.
And of course, Patsy talked about finding the ransom note, which we know that she wrote it.
Investigators said at one point that John Van A's parents were under an umbrella of suspicion in this lane,
and that some news accounts cast a suspicion on John Van A under the older brother, Burke,
but the Ramses insisted that Truder killed her daughter no one was ever charged.
There is a thing in here about the wife somewhere in this story.
One of these stories got 4,000 stories on this, but do we really care?
No.
He didn't have a wife, you know, or does.
It's not worth looking for it.
So there you go.
There's the, believe it or not, all the fans, I don't really care.
You know, she's been dead a long time now, right?
Right.
You care?
No.
876 votes on today's pool, and let's see if they care.
Well, it's kind of like in the middle of the pack.
Which of these people places or things do you care about the least?
The least?
American Idol 146, celebrity poker, a hundred and...
BOT TURN, MAN!
130, a very impressive second.
Watching people play cards on television.
What are you, what are you trying to tell us?
I have no life.
That's obvious.
Lance Bass, 106.
Hey Lance!
You're fairie!
Wow, only one thing to say about him.
Redney Spears 98, you know her second kid was like on-plan.
Really wanted.
How does that happen?
I'm surprised they've been throwing the dumpster.
Religion 73, Fidel Castro 47, that's insensitive.
I hate this pool 46.
They like the pools, only 5% hate it.
That's pretty good for this very talk to please crowd.
Mel Gibson 34, Israel has got...
BOT TURN, MAN!
And he liked that.
Oya Klagg.
Terror Alerts 26, isn't that what the plumber says?
What else the plumber and the can?
What do they call that guy?
Liquid plumber?
Yeah, that's the guy.
The liquid plumber.
Heidi Bull, man.
Florida Panthers 25, based on business.
John Bonet Ramsey 23, see that 23, you know,
you could care about her less.
I would join that crowd.
Gerald Ford 23, he's a ftsour, a seminary alchironer.
Not doing really well.
Of course Jerry Ford, he's been only 93 years old.
He's been punished for pardoning Nixon.
Remember those days?
Yep, post-water gate.
Nixon could have rotted and croaked in jail
and steady was on the outside.
He's still croaked.
And Gerald Ford just, he's 93.
Don't you think that's old enough?
Sure.
That's enough Jerry.
Shaq 21.
Shaq!
Dolphins 20, the Marlins 18, Iraq only 9,
Solomon Thin Nueve and politics only 2.
And look how many votes are on that poll right now.
888.
Wow.
Sounds like what I did yesterday.
Really?
889.
Yeah, I had a little greenfields post-easy.
Oh, okay, that's alright.
And so did you mind anything bad?
Anything, all that bad had some greenfields
but when I was first I browned some nice ground beef.
And then I got some and I trotted the like taco cheese.
You know what I mean?
Like a chili mac.
That's good.
So I asked Martha and I went,
if you like better chili mac or Jimmy mac.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-2-D-Q-A-S.
Since the day and you can feed a hungry dictator,
hi, I'm Sally Struthers for Feed the Dictators Foundation.
Each day a deposed tyrannical leader goes hungry
to bring attention to what he says is an unfair trial.
We're here to help.
As Feed the Dictators, your money goes directly to force feed
one of the world's most evil men like Saddam.
You come on, make me eat, I won't, I won't.
If you sponsor a dictator,
you'll receive a picture of your dictator in his self-dressed
in his underwear.
Dear sponsor, thanks for the tidy whities.
Now die in fit there.
For less than a cup of coffee,
your dictator will be fed and able to stand trial
until he is convicted and executed.
Call for the Dictators Foundation today
because a dictator's life is too precious for him to take.
That's our job.
So anyway, I'm reading about this John Mark Car.
He's his wife, founder of Horus,
and he evidently had just a few minor problems,
including well, he was a teacher
at a Catholic church in the B.K. Catholic.
And that's when his problem started with the molesting children,
but nevertheless, anyway, here's a story that only you're probably
only going to care about it because you always ask.
The hospital-treating former Israeli Prime Minister
Ariel Sharon said to the...
What?
Sorry.
I knew the only one to care.
That's right.
We have a touch of that.
You got to do with Castro.
That's correct.
Said yesterday that he was in stable condition
two days after being put on antibiotics for double-ponomonia.
Oh!
And they're like that.
Sharon 78 has been in a coma since suffering a massive stroke
on January 4th.
I'm dying over here.
He has since undergone several extensive brain operations
to stop cerebral hemorrhaging in addition to other relatively minor procedures.
In fact, I think they re-did the bris just to make sure.
Tel Aviv's high-em-shiva medical center said money that New Testament revealed
deterioration in his brain function,
oh, that started a long time ago.
And infection in both lungs.
His urine output had also decreased significantly,
and doctors were treating him with broad-spectrum antivotics and steroids.
There is no change that justifies a new statement
that they told the Associated Press yesterday.
His condition is stable.
You know, where they keep the horses?
Stable. Like cartoon.
I'm not going to race him, you know.
Cartoon.
Nevertheless.
Okay, let's see.
We did the pull.
I just looked a little more on John Mark Carter,
because everybody in their brother is going to be talking about that.
And you notice I did take a call there.
Did you notice that?
I did.
First one in a long time on this show.
Don't count on too many more today if that one is going to be the verometer for the rest of.
You know what I mean?
Maybe I'm lying nine.
Josh's favorite line.
This is probably the time.
I know it.
It was Joe Feinberg's daddy comment making face sounds.
WQAM, hello.
Dale?
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
I was watching Nightline last night and Ramsey was online.
Yeah, Nightline with Barbara Walters and she was interviewing Ramsey.
Yeah.
And he went on to say he thanked the Department of Homeland Security for helping in the case.
That's what they're doing.
I know they're not securing the country, so now we know what the hell they're doing.
Okay, during 9-11 they must have been working on the Salminio case.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah.
Wait till we find that one out.
That'll be great.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay, thanks for the voting, God.
That was a good call.
See, I told you, I just, I can feel it, man.
I can sense it.
In my toes, he was good.
Who killed Salminio?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Hey, Sal.
You fair.
Well, anyway.
Oh, now, speaking of radio news because if you didn't do it in the very beginning, there's quite a rumor that.
It's Josh Cordis is starting.
Now, am I supposed to mention that you're the one to have this information or not?
Go for it, man.
Oh, okay.
Well, I mean, little birdie flew in to the station and told me, so.
That's good.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Anyway, trumpet sounds, not a fart sound.
That does not sound like a fart, anyway.
Sounds like a drumbo.
Sounds like a trembo.
No, it does sound like a trembo.
It is.
Anyway, here's some radio news.
March 1st, the ticket goes, I don't know whether they're going to play you, Ukrainian Melonies.
I'm sure they're not going to be doing no more sports.
March 1st, according to the rumor that we're hearing anyway.
That jewel finders, daddy, has taken over the reins across the street of the ticket.
He's taking the reins out of the hands.
Just like somebody ought to do it in Miriam Toulin at Pompedo Park.
Take the reins out of that lady's hands and give them to somebody who can drive.
And anyway, sorry, Miriam, but the quote with the clown routine.
And so the bottom line is that they're just going through the Dolphins season.
And of course, Josh had a good point about why it's got to be March 1st, because if the Dolphins made the Super Bowl,
oh yeah, they want to be on the year doing their sports through that anyway.
That's right.
So what does that mean?
What does that portend for where the dolphins are going to go following the coming season, like is in next year?
Good question.
Don't tell me we're going to get them back.
And I'm much reduced rate by the way, because who the holes are going to want them?
I guess it's either us or IOD, right?
I mean, AM radio, there is no more AM radio.
No.
Name me another radio station.
Why do we count the Skier America?
Because nobody even calls them W.Y.N.Z anymore.
They tend to call it as back when nobody knows that.
But they may be another AM radio station in the market that the Spigotting Lace can't do it, can you?
I can't name any AM radio stations in the market.
WIOD, WIOD, WIOD, and Air America, which is WINZ.
FTL, the light bulb, which is a 50, which used to be something else, which FTL used to be 1490.
Then there's that station and Mr. Ego works on that nobody can get.
No one knows where it is on the dial.
No one knows what the call letters are.
And that's it.
So speaking of radio, former radio one KKBT Los Angeles program director Tom Kalikocchi has finally revealed his new mystery gig.
He's been named operations manager of Beasley Rhythmic Power 96 in Miami.
Oh my God.
WP OW, Batman will be proud of those call letters, wouldn't he?
Okay.
In this newly created position, Kalikocchi will work closely with longtime power player slash PD, Ira Tony, the Tiger Wolf.
All this time I never knew what that was name was.
Ira Wolf.
You didn't know?
Did you know what his name was?
Mm-hmm.
I never knew that.
How do I know that?
I don't know.
I just needed a few times to run the Tiger by I never knew it had a name.
Power's operation manager has been vacant since KKBT the position about a year ago due to health reasons.
And for all of us that's news to us.
We knew that he was long gone, but we had no idea what it was all about.
Health reasons.
Do we know what that means?
No.
I heard it has something to do with Anna Sqeef's phone.
I'm not really sure.
She had a shapely ass.
That's what KKBT always used to tell us.
I'm thrilled and very excited about this new venture, Kalikocchi KKBT tells R&R.
I was already planning on retiring in Florida someday.
Oh yeah.
Well, I think this guy is old enough to be in Florida.
Now I can work there for a while.
Then I'll be right there to catch those early bird specials.
Oh, I veys already using my material.
The early bird specials.
Wolf ads time is coming in the strength of the already solid team.
Referring to the other stations in the market, Wolf said,
Koch, WEDR has their operations manager.
Clear channel, WMIB, and then Brown has theirs.
And now we're getting one.
What can Brown do for you?
It makes sense.
Oh yeah, like you said in the Magenerer Heroes, it makes sense.
Sure.
They have a lot of strong people in upper management.
Now it's time for us to do the same thing.
Oh, I didn't think recently believed in that strong people in upper level management.
Kalikocchi KKootchi spent over a year up at the beat in LA.
Before that, he programmed Radio One's sister.
I think he's the one that killed Selminio.
Before that, he programmed Radio One's sister, KBXX Houston for three years.
He also spent over Clear channel's PDERROW.
He goes out where he was before nobody cares.
Baltimore Phoenix.
He starts his new gig next week, depending on how fast he can drive from LA to my jammy.
So when a guy comes, we'll end there next week.
You'll know who it is now.
Tom Kalikocchi Kootchi.
Okay.
Just say, well, there's only one thing that I would suggest to him when he shows up at the door.
Yeah, the one that I have.
Yeah, that's a fact.
How did you know that?
Uh-oh.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Neil Rogers.
Why by Donald Bashard, a younger hippo-
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Did you ever want to chew the gum on pretty neat dirty teeth?
Well, to chew it, you not and chew it very fast.
So you can taste the punch and flavor of the mint in these teeth and get the sticky stack of toenails to last.
How many times have you fantasized about Britney Spears?
Well, now your dream can come true.
With Britney Spearman's feet gunk, little wadsome gunk, that stuck the Britney's bare feet as she walked through the streets of New York City to see the main concrete buildings.
The gumwad were peeled off her feet soon as she found it difficult to walk.
And carefully packaged to help make your breath fresh as a subway toilet.
Get the gooey chewy flavor of Britney Spear and the skin.
Keep deep with Britney Spear and the gum.
14 to 11 and 5 to 62 and we got Curtis Stevenson and 2 we got Gully for this afternoon.
Gully alert.
Okay, don't say we didn't warn you.
Hurricane hotline from Gameworks at 7 o'clock with the LaZan.
Gameworks?
What is Gameworks?
It's like a big place you can eat.
It's got arcade games.
It's stuff like that.
Okay, 9 o'clock we got the Beast.
Also at Gameworks, we could fill in his fat face and educate 10.
No Marlon game.
They actually pulled a game, I guess, against the Dodgers.
Not great. They pulled it out.
Yeah, they crushed it.
What was the score?
15 to 4.
15 to 4.
Well, they should have saved up some of those runs for a couple of the other games, but nevertheless.
So anyway, getting back to this young Mark Carr, who says that he killed John, but I don't believe him.
Do you believe him?
Errr.
His ex-wife Laura Carr, Laura, told KGOTB in California that she was with her former husband, Alabama,
at the time of John Bane's killing, doesn't believe her former husband was involved in the homo side.
She said her ex-husband spent a lot of time studying the cases of Ramsey and Poly class,
who was abducted from her petaluma California home, and killed in 1993.
And he liked that.
Also, there was something else that was rather interesting.
And they've got like 45,000 stories on this, because this is what we're all supposed to be here.
Concerned about, you do understand that, don't you?
Sure.
About how, oh, it said, police had carved and living in a dormitory style guesthouse called The Blooms
in a neighborhood of massage parlors and travel agents that cater to ex-painted residents and sex tourists,
like pedophiles, like that, you know, who used to work in the Catholic Church and became a good Catholic, by the way.
Now, if you become a good Catholic, does that mean you have to molest children or is it not necessarily?
It's optional, but you have to have to put points if you do.
They said US authorities informed time police August 11th that in a restaurant had been issued for car and charges of premeditated murder.
They said cars have been very cooperative with authorities.
He's shown a variety of emotions.
He arrived in Bangkok, June 6th, from a leisure look for a teaching job.
Oh, yeah, teaching job, where he could be like with little children.
Where's that song about Billy J. Kramer and the Dakotas?
Little children, I know some of my iPods.
One thing I've thought out about iPods, by the way, I don't care if I am an old fart with an iPod.
All they need is all they require for a while.
For a whole new iPod is it you like music.
Right.
One of the things I discovered though is you better shut that baby up.
There's a little tiny switch on the top of your iPod.
The whole switch.
It's a button lock switch, yes.
Well, you better lock it because if you just barely brush up against it, you know, if you put it in your mouth.
It turns it back on.
It turns it back on and all of a sudden when you get on the plane and you're ready to enjoy listening to all your favorite tunes, you know.
And the battery is dead within a freaking door.
Right.
Then the ticket across the street, which is going off the airbrush first.
Other brands of MP3 players work differently.
So that's just an iPod thing.
Ah! See there you go again.
MP3 players.
Now granted, it's all the same technology.
But an iPod is an iPod and MP3 players and MP3 players.
Well, we'll just let you say that until you figure out that you're wrong.
What do you mean by that?
An iPod stores and plays MP3s like every other experience.
I just got through saying an Apple brand that falls into another universe.
It's an Apple brand.
It's Steve Jobs.
And it's slick and it's glitzy and possibly the most finest, refinist brand of MP3 player out there, but it has its limitations.
Oh, yeah, it does.
I like it though.
I have no problem with it.
And the wife likes hers.
Especially really.
Well, that's good.
It should keep her out of your hair for a while.
Keep her out of your hair for a while.
Not long enough.
951 votes.
If you'd get that, I'm telling you.
If you would have just seen that show about the anti-freeze in the lime gelo, it works like a charm.
She does a great gatorade.
Oh.
951 votes.
Which of these people, places, or things you care about the least?
American Idol.
162.
Now that's not still on, but of course all the 85 spin offs, I guess.
It's not still on.
Is it?
I wouldn't know.
I think it, I don't know if it's between seasons right now or what.
But yeah, I think it's still on.
I see.
Maybe they could sing sweet seasons like Carol King.
American Idol.
162.
Celebrity poker.
139.
Let's watch people play cards on television.
In high definition.
I have no idea.
Oh, I wonder what we're going to get the poker channel HD, Josh.
I think we do already.
I mean, it's on ESPN.
Oh, like I said.
And that's sad.
Lance Bass.
115.
Gay.
Brittany Spears.
105.
They used to care about her a lot more.
But since she became the slut that she is today, not that they didn't, it's not the slut part.
They don't like it.
Just the fact that she's so tainted now, I guess.
Huh?
She is.
She's saying, I'll taint what she used to be.
That's right.
Religion 79.
Fidel Castro.
50.
I hate this.
Full of 46.
Mel Gibson.
36.
Israel.
33.
How could you not care about Israel?
Are we trelling from Israel and Mel?
They people that just butchered there in Lesbonne.
Terror Alerts.
30.
30.
30.
They want to say it again.
The cabinet couldn't meet to approve the ceasefire over the weekend because of Shabbos, but the
Army could still bomb and kill and maim and cut off the supply routes for the relief aid, stuff like that.
All those good religious things.
You know, that good, good from people do.
Jamba de Ramsey, 30 and terror Alerts, 30.
They're tied.
30.
They have an attack in there.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me that she might have grown up to be a terrorist.
You know, when it came right down to it.
That's what happens to little kids when you force them when you abuse your children like that and force them to be in beauty page.
That's right.
People that make their kids go in beauty page and those people ought to be like neutered at the very least.
They're on encoded and neutered, not necessarily in that order.
Florida Panthers 29 could care less.
Shack 25.
Don't care about that.
All they will come not that far away.
I thought we just finished with the hockey and basketball, didn't we?
I know the summer's gone by.
It's fast, much too fast for my liking, but didn't we just finish with that crap?
I mean, you know, what?
They're long seasons, you know?
She is.
Sweet seasons.
Shack's got 25.
Jerry Ford 24.
He also, as they say, a Norway is off tourist.
He's not in good shape.
He's back in the hospital.
Although, you know, I never saw any follow-up on that.
Did you?
No.
That's all that happened.
Two days ago, huh?
I saw it on the news couple days ago.
He was back in the hospital again.
He's 93 for quite a while.
I would tell you they won.
And then I never saw any follow-up.
Miami-Dawd, see, the Lord is punishing him for pardoning Nixon, but sometimes the Lord is busy with other stuff, like fixing the odds on ballgame.
So he doesn't get around to the good stuff.
That was great that light about Salminio.
Salminio.
Miami-Dawd in his 20th, Florida, Marlon's 18th, and then his way down to Iraq, only nine of you idiots could care less about Iraq.
What is wrong with you?
Those poor Iraqi bastards who only wished that Sodom would come back.
Please, pretty please, Sodom was saying.
There was like a veritable picnic in the park when he was in power, and I'll look what's going on.
And politics only, too, the political season, sweet season is coming again, man.
Not that far away.
The bad news is Julie Burns 12 points ahead.
And that's only because the Democrats, Lamasahed, like 65, 38, something like that, which is 103 points.
Well, it's something like that.
63, 35.
But the Republicans overwhelming, they're going to go vote for Lieberman.
How do you like that?
Is that any surprise?
No.
No.
And the Republican candidates only got four points in the poll.
I mean, the hard counter, I saw him on the news last night.
Oh, he's a hard counter?
And he's not even being supported by his own party.
There's a good Lieberman.
I know that.
Ironically.
They tried, when Ken Melman was on, in fact, they showed that on, I think, what's his name?
Chris Matthews, hard balls.
They showed that a couple of nights ago.
And they showed the clip when they kept trying to put Ken Melman's feet to the fire that cheer him in the Republican party.
You're going to support the Republican candidate, Connecticut, but I beat Butterfield.
But I think they were Tony Snow.
He wouldn't answer the question either.
Yeah.
Tony Snow, what a hell does he know?
Hey, Tony, you jackass.
That tar baby of jackass.
Oh, speaking of all, I'm trying to find the right adjective because we're going to this story about Prescott, John Prescott.
Not related to Prescott Bush, by the way, the Nazi fundraiser.
Hitler's good buddy, Prescott Bush, grandpa to whether you're president.
And daddy of George Herbert Walker Bush.
Look at that.
Before he get to that Bush's craft story, somebody just facts this in.
A lucky adolescent male bottled nose dolphin is back to living nude and free and gulf co-thloro-servicilor bay
after making a potentially fatal wardrobe choice early this summer.
The 10-year-old dolphin, known as Scrappy, rhymes with crappy, probably owes its life to a Brookfield Zoom Marine Manel research team
that works year round in the bay.
Oh, this goes on much too long.
No, sorry.
I thought it was going to be something really interesting.
It's not as if you hit the important part of the North of Toronto's P2, ain't that funny?
Yeah, okay, big deal.
Anyway, let's get to the important story.
Okay, this is a give us hope because it has to do with crap.
John Prescott is given an event to his private feelings about the Bush presidency.
This is from the Brit Independent, which I told you is a great newspaper.
Summing up George Bush's administration and a single word, crap.
That's the word.
The deputy prime minister's kind of makes the president a Bush and his approach to the Middle East could cause a diplomatic ral,
but it'll please labor MPs who are furious about Tony Blair's backing of the U.S. over the bombing of Lesbanon.
The remark has said to have been made at a private meeting in Mr. Prescott's Whitehall office on Tuesday,
with Muslim MPs and other labor MPs with constituencies representing large Muslim communities.
Muslim MPs wanted to press home their objections to British foreign policy
and discuss ways of improving relations with the Muslim communities.
Some of the MPs, Presents said that they couldn't remember Mr. Prescott remark making the remark.
He's been a painstored boy breaking ranks with Mr. Blair in public.
Although he's believed to have raised concern about the bombing of Lesbanon in the private meeting of the cabinet that's lesbian on,
but Harry Cohen, the MP's constituency includes Waltham Stowe,
seen as some of the police raids in the alleged tearplot investigation,
said Mr. Prescott had definitely used the word crap in about the Bush administration.
He was talking in the context of the road map, which rhymes with crap in the Middle East.
He said he only gave support to the war in Iraq because they were promised the road map,
but he said the Bush administration had been on that.
We all laughed and he said that when officials don't minute that.
In other words, no, I didn't say it. Mr. Cohen added,
we also had laugh when he said old Bush is just a cowboy with his steps in on,
but then he said, I can hardly talk about that, can I?
There you go. Something we already knew, but somebody actually has the balls to say in public.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 QAF.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the brain.
Who took the cord? Any questions?
Roll out the barrel, expensive barrel of oil.
Pay for the barrel, and it will make your blood boil.
You fight me, you aeros, and then it's way into.
Now it's time to put the barrel of a certain part of you.
Have a good watch of this oil barrel, right where the sun don't shine.
Got us over a barrel, but we got a new thing in mind.
We'll spill our own barrels with what we grow on our land.
And when we don't need your barrels, you can all go pound sand.
Lebanon, 0205, 60W QAF, and Happy Thursday, already August 17.
Only 11 days away from the viewing of our new lineup here at QAF.
And of course, let's see, August to September, October, November to December, January, February.
About seven months.
Yeah, six and a half months until the demise of the ticket.
That's something. That's something.
Murth failed to warn doctors about the risks of its painkiller viox.
And must pay a retired FBI agent $50 million to compensate for the heart attack he suffered after taking that piece of crap drug.
How do you like that?
Federal jury found that I just a short time ago they ruled that.
The jury also said that Murk and company knowingly misrepresentative or failed to disclose information about the drug to be retired FBI agent Gerald Burnett's doctors.
Hello, doctor. We didn't tell him.
On his verdict sheet, the jury had the chance to assign percentages of fall to Murk in various positions, but assigned blame only to Murk.
The jury had begun deliberations of on 12.45 yesterday afternoon, broke for the night around six last night, a report of the judge had had a verdict soon after returning 8.30 this morning.
We hit Bruno Tataia at three o'clock this morning.
Remember that? Yes, I did.
Murk, that's lawsuit is among more than 16,000 biox related suits against Murk in state and federal courts.
US history judge Elden Fowler.
And I wonder if he's kind of delayed Elden Harner, who or Levi Harner or Buddy Gilmore was appointed to handle pre-traumatic for all the thousands of federal suits.
He heard one before Barnett's and had three more scheduled for trials this fall.
Let's see, there was something else on here about, you know, the same period we'll deliberate later today in the possible punitive damages for Barnett.
So he's got 50 million at least, and that's compensatory damages, and then we got the other damages.
So in other words, he probably went up at about 100 million. And then of course they'll appeal it, and he may never live to see it to get a dime, you know.
I'm afraid he'll go, well, on his behalf, we'll settle for like 10 million right now, okay?
Okay, we'll give the Barnett cow, give him a million, and then the rest of it will worry about later.
Three quarters of American boy, we're almost up to a thousand votes, it's only four minutes after 11 o'clock.
Good, golly miss Molly, and I'm excited.
985.
Oh, there's a story about the Ramsey case arrest.
He taken over turned back to the state.
Come on, I think you can do it, honey.
I think it's super.
There's that sugar.
I don't like sugar, but do you?
Don't like it at all.
That better be hot.
The sherbet or the weather?
Yeah, the weather.
Don't like it at all.
It's like ice is the same thing.
What's the nearest out what you say?
Nice to meet you, right? Not for me. That's Chinese.
I see.
Three quarters of Americans can correctly identify two of snow. I says here, show what.
Oh, I'm so glad you got you're getting into this story.
I saw it on the news. How embarrassing.
I saw it on the news about two days ago.
Yeah, but I figure we'll all be back on here sometime before I croak.
Three quarters of Americans can correctly identify two of snow white seven dwarfs.
Well, only a quarter can name two Supreme Court justices.
According to a poll on top culture released Monday.
See, I told you it was days ago.
75% can identify two or more of snow white seven dwarfs.
Only 25% can name two Supreme Court justices.
How do you like that?
When you think like Clarence, Token, Thomas, and Scalia and Kennedy,
when you think those three would like top right off, top of your head?
Hey, you forget who you're talking about.
Oh, I mean, I'm a graduate couldn't name it all, but right there easy is three.
Right.
Croid the pull by Zabi International Commission by the makers of a new game show on top culture called Gold Rush.
57% of Americans could identify JK Rowling's fictional boy wizard Harry Potter.
Only 50% could name the British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Oh, my God.
57% said that they knew who Harry Potter was.
Only 50% could name Tony Blair.
Both British?
Yeah, that's for damn sure.
Both sent me right to the pot.
The pollsters spoke to Troubled and Thirteen Tha-
Troubled and Thirteen people across the US.
Obviously a lot of dumb ones.
Just over 60% of the respondents were able to name Bart as Homer's son on the television show The Simpsons.
BAAAING!
While only 20%, 20.5% were to able to name one of the ancient Greek poet Homer's epic poems,
The Illian or the Odyssey.
Uh, what?
Tell me this story cracks me up.
Oh, what do you expect?
That's America for you.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
Finally, kills moving up to the big leagues, boy.
As to what planet Superman was from 60% could name the fictional planet Krypton.
And that's because they like Tom Welling, gives them a swelling.
And I can understand why.
Well, only 37% knew that Mercury is the planet closest to the Sun.
That's unacceptable. I'm not sure what anybody says, okay?
Yeah.
60% knew about Krypton.
We're still not even exist, by the way.
How do you know?
Well, maybe that's one of those new planets.
They got three new planets now.
Right.
And they said, Tudor, you're okay.
Well, we're going to clear what Mickey says. You're okay.
Although before they finally make it official,
about Tudor being one of the planets you know who they're going to have to consult with.
Oh, I know.
I heard they were asteroids.
And only 37% knew that Mercury is the planet closest to the Sun.
Oh, my God.
What about Venus and blue genes?
Response were far more familiar with the...
Oh, this is the best. Okay. Ready for this?
Tudor, Tudor.
Response were far more familiar with the three astuges.
Larry Curly and...
Tudor, Tudor.
Mo.
Then the three branches of the US government,
judicial executive and legislative.
74% identified the three students.
is only 42% could name the three branches of the American government.
We're talking, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
DUM, DUM, D-U-M-N-M, D-U-M-M, DUM, rhymes with leaves of me numb.
Twice as many people, 23% were able to identify the most recent winner of the TV show,
Merch and Idol Taylor Hicks, as were able to name the Supreme Court Justice confirmed
in January of 2006, Sam Alito, 11% could name old Sammy Boy, and 23% could name Taylor Hicks.
You fairy.
How do you like that?
Speaking of...
BAAAAMING!
Is that pathetic or what?
It's pretty pathetic.
So there is what America's all about.
Dumber than sawdust, and that's why I don't know what you make me waste my time with all these
stupid stories against it, taking those great calls you get to take.
That's right. Go for it.
996, go for what?
Those calls?
I'll take any more calls.
In fact, I'm going to reach over and shut it off right now.
You think I'm going to press my luck?
I do like that show on the Game Show channel, press my luck, press your luck, press somebody's luck.
But that's it.
May there really great call about Salminio, that was outstanding.
Ain't going to get any better tonight.
That's right.
A thousand votes even.
That's it.
Oh!
Time to go home.
We did it.
We had done our duty.
A thousand votes.
Right on the button.
So let me ask you something.
Speaking of new line-up,
some of these radio changes and stuff like that.
If our new line-up starts August 28th, and it is what we have been told,
or as the Pope would say, it is as it was, the slab on a slab.
Then what, where does that leave?
That one, huh?
I guess he's out in the cold again.
But of course, not that far away from hockey season.
Right?
They'll give him something to do.
A record.
I guess that's what that's all about.
Is it how to use him for something?
Is that he's probably under contract like about 600 other people?
And so as a result, they probably stuck him on the air.
They're between two and four a lot.
Two things.
You use up that money they got to pay him anyway.
So they don't have to pay somebody else and piss us off.
And they did, I think they did both.
And piss the audience off enough.
So they're most of them ran away screaming from that sound.
I guess I better do the break.
Although, I guess what they're talking about on TV now.
I give up.
And the picture is frozen.
The ranzy, but it's frozen.
That money.
It's my cable.
CNN just throws up.
Let's see what they're doing on MSNBC.
Well, the whole cable is screwed up.
Look at that.
I think that must be an act of God, you know what?
Damn God.
That is amazing.
Let me go back to CNN.
The cable is just frozen.
And now I just have a blank screen.
I even have the frozen picture.
I'm going to run the software.
Oh, see, I told you I didn't know what they were talking about.
Hey, that's funny.
I just farted while you played that.
Did you really?
That's a trombone.
Don't be letting anybody give you a word.
Let George start you into planting the seeds of fart sounds
in your ears.
OK?
Talking about it.
Don't plant no fart in your ear.
Because they have it coming back at you.
Oh, here, Mike and Melbourne's got a poll suggestion.
Let's see.
Do we like this one?
What's your take on the current housing market?
You want...
I'll leave that one for you.
Why do you think I fasted to you?
Oh, no.
I'll pass.
I don't want to take something that's good away from you.
We like Mike and Melbourne.
He's a good guy.
And occasionally sends us in something really interesting
of poll suggestion.
That was not one of them though.
But I'll leave it for you.
Look at that.
The cable, my cable is...
It's dark.
It's fenced, or man.
Every channel is fenced to the guide comes on
on the bottom to share what channel you're trying to watch.
But Roger's cable just had a brain fart.
Like...
Oh, no, that's a trombone.
For about an hour and five, 60 WQM,
Stokey continues to be southward as Topstaggart shop
with one of the broadest inventories
containing an outstanding and amazing unmaskable solution
of over 1,000 open boxes of cigars.
All the top names are waiting for you at Stokey's like for Domo.
Ashton VSG, Arturo Fuente, Pedro and
Monte Cristo, Romeo and Juliet, and Lonsmore,
and in addition to the names that you know and love,
they've also got special hard to find obscure cigars
that you won't find just in every pedestrian cigar shop.
Buy your premium cigars for the price of seconds
and stay a while, linger a while,
enjoy your smooth smoke at Stokey's wine line
featuring Pierre Andre, 100% Pino and War,
and lots of other fine wines from all over the world.
You'll find Stokey's at 1,1612 North Kendall drives
just a half mile east of exit 20 off the turn bike,
open every day of the week,
because let's face it, nobody takes the day off
from smoking a big fat one, right?
Open every day seven days a week
for your smoking and dancing pleasure.
Call that any reserve of boxed your favorite cigars
at Stokey's called 305-598-98020.
That's 305-598-98020.
Be sure and say hi to Mario and the Girl Sandra
and Heather for your free cigar
when you stop into Stokey's at 1,1612 North Kendall drive
in prestigious Kendall.
This is Neil Roger.
This is the Dordor.
This is 5.16.Q.A.
Neil Roger's got
From director and night Shyamalan comes a film
that will strike fear in the hearts of men.
These pants don't fit.
I am loaded.
The water in the lady, the cycle of terror is monthly.
Honey, does this dress make me look bad?
Oh no, not that question.
Answer me.
Oh please.
The water in the lady, is this summer's scariest movie?
Period.
You're the one for me.
What?
You don't want it.
Touch me.
Of course I do here.
Let me hug you.
Yes, I have to.
I'm here.
The water in the lady, now showing for a limited week long engagement.
Welcome to 17 at 5.60.
Who is the guy that died that we said before?
Bruno Kirby?
Bruno Kirby.
What about the Derwood Kirby?
But he's still dead.
Derwood Kirby from the Gary Moore Show.
I want you to check in at who that is.
I'm sure of that.
Well here's another dead guy.
Boy, they're dying like flies.
You know what's going around.
The father-of-the-law of him,
battle Twitter, France, Winter, Florida,
and this was found dead in his car.
Oh my god.
After committing sausages,
man, Corrin is official, say the S today.
He blew his brains out.
The body of 570, he will David Whitt
was discovered in a parking gear
Raj to the afternoon said Paul Parker
and investigated with the San Diego County Medical Examiner.
He had a gunshot wound to the head
and the death was ruled a suicide.
The landlises are devastated by the news of David's death,
family spokesman Michael Henson told the associate,
well what does that mean?
Family spokesman.
Now every family in these news to read,
every family's got a spokesman.
Right.
Well you don't want to waste your time talking.
Remember the family told me?
He was the spokesman for the hockey team.
He just thought he'd be able to deal with the press on your behalf.
They loved him dearly and they'll miss him much.
Whitt was the stepfather of Landis' wife, Amber.
Oh, Amber alert.
Landis is close friend, white fans like.
Oh he sounds like a Dutchman to me.
Said he didn't believe the recent dopey allegations against the cyclist
led directly to the suicide.
It could have been a few percentages of the whole, maybe,
or just another negative thing that he was depressed about.
And it's like I had it that would have also been struck
around with the strain of opening a new restaurant area this year.
Well that's enough to make you
play your brains out.
Don't most people open up a new restaurant,
wind up committing suicide?
All the time.
And Amit Amitur Cyclist Whitman Landis threw a mutual
coach in 1998 at one point to do shared an apartment in San Diego Henson said.
That sounds a little gay to me.
It was Whitman introduced Landis to his future wife.
Well thank god.
And it's been credited with introducing Landis to former mountain
viker the world of road racing.
And why anybody is interested in Landis' speech
to the snot out of my head.
I just don't get it.
Do you?
No.
Vikers.
I mean yeah, I was fine.
Who want to go out there and get some extra sides?
Right away.
But if we're supposed to care about it,
you know, take all the drugs you want for a crime out.
Well guess what I saw last night's picking up drugs.
Requiem for a dream.
No, no, no.
This, what the hell channel was this?
It was a, I don't know, it was a bravo line.
It's a channel I don't usually watch.
But it was a two-hour documentary about the death of,
and of course I already told you who was the 20th anniversary of his death yesterday.
The 30th?
The 30th.
Elvis.
The 29th anniversary.
Yesterday.
The death of Elvis.
And when he died they found 11 different prescription drugs
in his just been food and delights.
And, um, oh, you name it.
Can you imagine if a vampire had been in there?
Yeah, the, uh, that would have been, uh,
had bats in his belly free.
Here he goes.
See Elvis.
Hey Elvis.
I'm dying out of here.
Who do you get rid of that, please?
Glad to know.
I didn't listen yesterday,
because I don't remember listen.
But, uh, how did the Elvis, all of us, uh, show go?
Oh, like, uh, like a lead balloon.
When and land is served as best man in each other's weddings,
when married, Amber Landis' mother rose as schoolteach,
her short time after the younger couple married in 2000.
Landis has been under investigation by segment authorities,
as we know, after testing positive for high levels of testosterone last month.
Now he's just a horny guy, that's all.
The 30-year-old,
about 30 men,
type was decided to provide you a possible reasons for his bill.
They, they, I don't believe him, okay?
Funeral arrangements for Whitworth County, I don't believe.
Let's ramp it in that cycling thing,
and of all the things in the world, you know?
Although he has all these, uh, you know,
he's got these health issues,
he's got a sore hip and a bad, uh, lip,
things like that.
But if he asks me, he's generally full of crap,
and I don't care about anything,
we should have put that on there too.
What crap?
Floyd Landis.
They won't know who that is.
So how about, how about cyclists, Floyd Landis?
Still.
You want to put him on there?
Well, that was the only thing that's on.
I don't know if it's okay.
I don't have to do it.
Josh does, but I think it's pointless.
What do you think, Josh?
We should not put him on my head.
My cable's still on, by the way.
I don't know.
My other center living room, and it's out.
Of course, you can probably relate to that.
21 pack.
Oh, I'm sorry at all.
21 packs, 11 at 560 W.
And now here's, let me get it in my panel, okay?
I mean, we took a couple of calls today.
What's not to like?
I'm just, it's so exciting knowing that the other,
and not that it influences our impacts us,
because in spite of all the lies they give me,
oh, we're making some inroads in the midday,
and that 10 to 2 against that Roger is non-sport.
So yeah, right.
My God, I wouldn't wish on Himalor and Osama Yamama,
even on the Bush Maister, I wouldn't wish,
what that's station at as far as numbers.
You can't complain about their numbers,
because they never had any.
They got one bogus bunch of wire diaries last April,
18 to 34 men or whatever it all was.
Right away, oh, that's going to be our demo.
That's where younger and hip are any young guys,
and they like Daniel a bastard,
and they like, what's his name?
He used to be on the juice, yeah.
By the way, is Sid Rosenstein,
Bert Grant's left-hand, yet is he skipped down,
and not yet evidently?
We'll keep you posted, especially on the juice bailout.
There's nothing worse than ex-jokes who go on the year
and pretending to be broadcasts.
Although we got one choice, Brad Hood,
that we shouldn't not sat too, shouldn't we?
Okay.
Somebody who worked, no, they tried his best.
It wasn't very good, they tried in our sales department.
True!
Right, and now he's going to concentrate on his broadcast career,
now that he's followed the footsteps of...
Roar!
Yeah.
Well, would you rather be?
Oh, I'd rather do anything than be a regular saleswoman.
Yeah.
I can't even begin to imagine.
Oh, yeah.
Of course, how could you sell this show with our Lausia,
Aiton, and I share whatever it is?
It's a brutal test.
Robert Scheer, in truth dig rights,
spinning old threads in the new fears,
and a heading says investigators are known for a decade
about terrorist plots to bring down
passenger jets with liquid explosives.
So why all of a sudden did Bushman most liquids on flights
did not mention that on Tuesday about Ramsey,
Yousef?
Yeah.
Government, I'm going to have some dream fields again,
to hit your fault.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with it.
My blood sugar was pretty nice last night.
It didn't go zoomly up or anything.
If you put like a lot of meat on there,
make a chili mac, you browns it,
and then it's actually ground beef.
And you make like...
Much less, not a huge portion of the pasta, you know?
And then put on some nice grated like,
whatever kind of cheddar you like on there.
You got a nice chili mac.
And it's not watery like,
I don't want to say skyline chili.
What?
Well, no, that's the only problem in that place.
We've mentioned that before.
I like that product, but there was
there were chili macries just too watery.
Wasn't that a song by Martin Van Lennon,
was chili mac?
I think so.
Government induced hysteria,
Robert Sheer writes,
drives on public ignorance,
all of that now to be real popular,
which is why President Bush is so confident
in turning the British bomb plot to his partisan purposes.
Otherwise, how could he dare claim
that his policies have made the nation safer?
Consider first off that the attack in a vision
smuggling liquid explosives and grudients
into 10 passenger planes was outlined in chapter five of the
bipartisan 9-11 commission report as a plot first
exposed a decade ago.
The originator of that plot hijacking of 12 U.S.
bomb planes, Colleague,
Sheik Mohamed was also the mastermind of 9-11 attacks.
According to U.S. prosecutors,
his nephew, convicted terrorist Ramsey,
Yusuf even managed to explode such a liquid-based bomb
on a manila that took your flight,
killing one passenger is part of a plot code named
Bajinkha.
Because checking or banning fluids was not a focus
of this administration's post-9-11 airport security measures,
this coincidence, that's in quotes,
coincidence would suggest either enormous negligence
on the part of those charged with protecting us
or a ludicrous overreaction this past week.
Knowing as we did of Mohamed's earlier plan,
why wasn't the Department of Homeland Security
requiring flyers to dump the bottles
of hairspray and mothers' milk before,
not to mention the...
CHOO!
...toothpaste.
Unlike Yusuf, who was arrested in Pakistan in 95,
Mohamed remained at large until two years after 9-11
to continue pushing the Bajinkha concept
to any terrorist bankroller who would listen.
It's been known for at least two years since his capture
that he spoke in detail about the scheme
with Osama Yamama,
that he had met much earlier during their days
as what President Reagan called freedom fighters
in the crusade against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
After the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993
and the exposure of the Bajinkha plot,
Mohamed tried to Pakistan,
who were captured by the U.S. authorities in 96,
according to the 9-11 commission,
where he managed to find Haven for nearly a decade.
In fact, Pakistan, as well as Saudi Arabia,
so nefariously intertwined with the grim story of Al Qaeda and its affiliates,
then it bottles the mind how after 9-11,
the Bush administration only embraced those two corrupt dictatorships
all the harder,
while instead seeking us into a predictable
and predicted Kragmire in Iraq,
which had no effective rule in international terrorism at all.
Rather than admit this,
and Calculable Mistake can move forward,
the President instead continued stubbornly
and against all evidence to claim
that smashing up Iraq was somehow a fitting response
to the 9-11 nightmare.
This past week, Chief Hatchetman,
Dick Cheney even had the outrageous gall
to argue that anti-Iraq war U.S.
Senate candidate Netalamon's Democratic primary victory over
pro-Iraq war Senator Julie Berman and Connecticut
would embolden Al Qaeda types.
Abetted by apologists in both parties,
the Bush administration has instead fabricated the dangerous notions
that anybody who opposes U.S.
or Israeli interests in the region
be they secular or religious,
Arab or Persian,
Sunni or Shiite,
is by definition a terrorist
who cannot be negotiated with or tolerated.
So far, however, this approach has been disastrous
for the U.S. and Israel
with costly defeats in both Iraq and Lebanon
that will reverberate in the region for decades,
directly strengthening the hand of extremists of all stripes.
With Saddam Hussein three years gone,
Iraq is still a disaster,
Bush now emphasizing the boogie man of Islamophascism.
This concept completely ignores the fact
that the U.S. enemy, such as Syria's
bathist regime and many Sunni insurgents in Iraq,
are secular while religious fanaters
on both sides of the Sunni Shiites
split are slaughtering each other in Baghdad every day
in insane sectarian conflict
for control of both sides of Iraq.
Nor are any of these divides anything new.
Arab and Persian nationalism
and Islamic fanaticism have for decades
competed for adherence at a post-colonial region
still bullied by the West
and suffering from an inferiority complex.
According to the 9-11 Commission,
9-11 lead hijacker Mohamed Ahtah
hated the neo-fascist Iraqi dictator Hussein
as an American stewed set up to give Washington
an excuse to intervene in the Middle East.
Never mind such historical prattle,
public ignorance is bliss for Bush
who for so long has assumed
that being folksy in Machu can make up
for his constant wonders based on faulty reasoning.
Maybe, however, as both his dismal pull numbers
and pseudo-republican Lieberman's historic laws
in Connecticut show Americans are starting
to wise up and think for themselves,
says Robert Sheeran was sent a little bit
like swishful thinking to me.
Especially as you know, Lieberman is 12 points ahead of Lamont
thanks to the Republicans in Connecticut.
28 past noon at 560 WDQM,
everything's coming up roses, baby.
We got Jamba Day's murder report.
Not, I don't think he killed anybody.
Think is a bad thing.
I'll tell you one thing.
I don't think he could have possibly raped her
because I'm looking at him.
I don't care whether he had a wife or not.
He definitely does not have a f***.
Yeah, okay.
He doesn't have a f***.
Going back for school can be a little tough
on the kids in a good night's sleep,
but of course, it's critical for the development
of healthy minds.
If your kids are having trouble adjusting
to school my bedtime,
it may simply be their mattress.
I know what I went to college,
all I was concerned about was developing a healthy mind.
Called down on mattress today,
tool free at 1-800-MATRUS,
our friends at Valamatrus can recommend a mattress
for kids of any age
and have a new bed delivered today in time you choose.
They've been doing this for years.
They're the only ones in the world
who are even dreamy doing this.
Seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
you pick the two-hour window when a verse
convene in and that's when they show up.
Noon to two, one to three, etc.
Just give Valamatrus that two-hour window
and they can even deliver your mattress
the same day you cause in today.
Call 1-800-MATRUS right now
and get the absolute best selection of Celi.
Sort of, Simmons, King Coral,
tempered against turns and foster human.
Check for low prices online at macros.com
or call Valamatrus at 1-800-MATRUS toll free.
I've been using them for years
and like I've been telling you for years,
it's the smartest and easiest piece of shopping
you can ever do.
Call 1-800-MATR-ES.
Leave off the list and I'm going to say it again.
Last ass.
You don't want to keep making me do that.
Leave off the last ass
because it stands for stupendous
sensational savings and sales hole sarner.
This is meal Roger.
Sack them.
This is 5.62 AF.
In Boo's heart, go back to England
and tell them Scotland is free.
Like their chicken wings and happy hour!
Happy hour!
Boo's heart, the epic saga of a singular man
with double vision.
Valam, wake up!
Why are you a bastard?
Somebody beat in your face, Blue!
They did do it!
You are so totally owned!
Mel Gibson is, where you want us,
a man who sacrificed everything
for the thing he loved most.
The prisoner, which is to say a word!
3-B!
Boo's heart, we did point one two.
So George was astonished to find out,
to discover through my, uh,
in detective work this morning before the show,
that Patrick McGuin was in Braveheart.
How was it?
I see, I could have told you that if I were to watch the movie,
but you think I would watch the movie
with Mel Gibson in it?
No.
No chance.
Even that.
That's long before his latest drug in episode
of the anti-Semitic outburst,
or any of that crap.
He, I always know, he's been an A-hole.
I can't stand even looking at him,
and just the sight of him makes me want to vomit.
Other than that,
I don't know that he's a hell of a guy.
Good movie, too.
Is it?
Yeah.
Patrick McGuin was great in this one.
He was phenomenal.
I had no idea.
He don't know Patrick McGuin is.
He was, uh, in the prisoner.
What was his name?
John, um, I don't know.
He was Braveheart six.
Well, he was number six,
and occasionally did number one on number two,
right out there in the village.
There was number one.
A bomb ripped through a market and bagged
that solder city today,
another day of carnage in the city
under siege by insurgents,
and people bent on sectarian revenge.
Three people were killed 27 more wounded.
During the month of July,
which was the deadliest month for a civilian
since the war started March, 2003,
see, it's not really a war.
They keep calling it a war.
Right.
A war has to be like, uh,
there are like two combatants.
Sure.
It's not a war.
It's an invasion god bad.
It's an invasion occupation god bad.
And they're a rac attack.
During the month of July,
3438 Iraqi civilians were killed.
1855 because of sectarian or political violence.
Another 15, number 83 from bombings and shootings.
And another 3600 were wounded.
The release of these figures comes
on the heels of a UN report that's
at nearly 6,000 people were killed in a wreck in May and June.
So they were averaging about 3,000
knows to months.
And we boosted up to 3438 in July.
We can keep this thing going for a few more years.
They won't have to worry about democracy or government rent
because there won't be anybody left to a govern.
And it goes on about nine people wounded
in northern Iraq and a car bomb over here
in Ann Bar province, Saudi Arabia,
on and on and on.
Just pages of this crap.
And does anybody care?
No.
Except our audience though.
And our poll today only nine people
has spent that way right from the get go.
Politics only two in Iraq only nine.
So let me think away.
Care least about those things, all of these things.
All of these things.
Bloodbath.
And you can only begin to imagine all the technology
we can have for detecting all kinds of bombs and liquids
and uh, yeah.
If we dispel all those billions of dollars,
a hundred probably about a trillion dollars
that we've blown down the toilet in Iraq.
Uh, if we dispel them on some meaningful thing
in protecting the ports and, you know,
really having a real homeland security
that even Lou Dobbs might be proud of.
Oh, he just won't, he just won't shut up
about that damn border.
Oh, he's sick.
He's a sick person, you know?
I mean, a lot of what he says,
I even put one of his columns on our website today
just to try to be a nice guy.
Get some help for yourself, Lou.
Would you please?
Okay, go kill an illegal alien for Jesus.
Who do something?
God.
Speaking of killing people,
what does a terrorist preparing to bomb
10 airliners do beforehand?
He buys cakes.
Wouldn't you?
What Michael said in the Godfather three.
Cake.
And here's this diabetic who's got such bad
blood sugar management.
Obviously, there's constantly going into a diabetic coma.
And he's standing there eating a piece of cake
in the kitchen with cake.
The characters in behavior of the human next thing,
you know, have eaten like Ben and Jerry's
that we haven't like fish food.
Godfather four.
Although I guess he ain't coming back.
When he dropped the orange on the ground,
orange like we told him before is always a bad fruit
in the Godfather movies.
Bad fruit.
Marlon Brando was there with the oranges,
with little, uh, with his grandson, you know?
And Roy.
The characters in behavior of the few known liquid bomb
suspects are completely inconsistent with any notion
that they were preparing to kill themselves in acts of mass terror,
mirroring the pre-attack demeanor of the 7-7 patsys,
writes Paul Joseph Watson, prison planet.
A CCTV image, which is shown right here,
shows one of the suspects,
Ty Rowe, if entering a bulk order supermarket in Birmingham, England,
just two hours before anti-terror police
who have been integrated for his ledger
on a plot to bomb 10 transatlantic airliners.
What were the tools of terror that Rowe
was acquiring before his kamikaze death mission?
Nives?
Paroxid to make the deadly liquid bomb?
Cameras to detonate the bombs?
No, he was buying cakes.
This list, this looks like we got a person
planning such a plot.
He doesn't look like he's about to blow himself up.
The owner of the store told the London Mirror.
Rowe chanted with the owner,
who said he was more concerned about his father's confectionery
business than the fact that he was about to aid
in the midair slaughter of 3,000 people alleged.
Any two-bit psychologist continued that this individual's behavior
completely belies the notion that his life is about to come to an end,
that in itself exposes the alleged plot
for the monumental fraud that it is.
Former British ambassador to his Bechistane, Craig Murray,
has also highlighted the limited capabilities
and intent of the suspects,
proof he says the alert was government propaganda
for make a ball that yearns for a new 9-11.
None of the alleged terrorists had made a bomb,
none had bought a plane ticket,
many didn't even have passports,
which given the efficiency of the UK passport agency
would mean they couldn't be a plane bomber
for quite some time, Murray said.
Again, we hear the same story over and over.
They had young families, they were not political,
they were active members of the community,
everyone liked them, whatever race,
they loved football, they planned to be doctors,
they had future prospects.
Is this an inside joke?
MI5, Kevin even finds some angry Muslim loners
with criminal records to at least make it appear
is if they'd had any motive to carry out these attacks?
It's such a blatant ruse,
you'd wonder if they're doing it on purpose
to send a message that everyone should live
in fear of a dawn raid from the terror cops.
In other words, the message is...
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Okay, evidence?
Have I got pardoned?
I said, okay.
Boy, the evidence that the London bombers knew they were about to die
was so flimsy that newspapers,
even the London Metropolitan Police concluded
they were unwitting doops.
A Metropolitan Police counter-terrorist
expert told a seminar that the four terrorists
will Hammett City con-30.
About 30 men?
Shay Zad Tan, we're 22.
German Lindsay, 19, and Haseeb Hussain, 18,
did not fit the preconceived terrorist profile.
The bombers purchased returned tickets,
played cricket, eighth big max,
and had arguments with members of the public
in the hours before the attacks took place
and left no suicide notes.
I've seen the CCTV footage of these people.
They do not appear to be on their way
to commit any crime at all.
The Russell Square bomber, Haseeb Hussain,
is actually seeing going in the shops
and bumping into people,
prior to his attack, the experts said.
The bombers were described by friends as four-nice lads,
normal kids who played basketball,
and kicked the ball around, kicked the bucket.
A week after the liquid vomiler,
and we still have no motive,
and no evidence that suggests these individuals
are anything other than unfortunate fall guys
for Blair's latest act of psychological warfare
against the British people.
But if it's a battle of information
that's increasingly swinging from baseless,
fear-mongering, and in favor of the truth,
BBC and British newspaper website forums
have been swarmed with people expressing their
incredulousness about the reality of the latest so-called threat.
A London Guardian journalist in an article today
highlights how he traveled a country
and found widespread skepticism
about the real nature of the alert amongst British citizens,
with only tourists who are hardly trusting the government.
Tourist, unsuspecting doofs again.
Well, there got to be more on this anyway
in the first place.
I like the word, right?
A assertion that the alert is nothing
more than political propaganda.
It's also been echoed by commentators
and journalists themselves following
a rash of articles in broad-cheap newspapers
that scoff at the much-foughted scope of the alleged plot.
These guys probably were almost as dangerous
as the Liberty City Seven, you know?
If it's not quite the insane crime posse,
as they're being called, the ones.
We got 1,065 votes in it.
We're going to do over 1,100 today.
What's our goal? 1,200?
If we can get to 1,200 today,
you can play all of us again tomorrow.
Our guide is, is Neil Rogers.
Oh, right.
This is 5.62.8.
What's the matter, Mike?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I think you had his tits is on too tight.
Some senior aides have animated that a Libra women may lose seniority with the caucus over
the embryo.
A member earning a embryo, pitch for the Cincinnati Reds about 40 years ago.
A majority of the Senate Democrats, 26 to date, have said they will support Ned Lamont
in November election.
A group of the Senate, let's see, where is the thing?
If he continues to aeronate his colleagues, Libra women could be stripped of his seniority
within the Democratic caucus.
Should he defeat Ned Lamont in the general election this November, which he will because the
Republicans are going to elect him?
What should tell you a lot right there?
What are they going to elect the Republican?
Because he's a card counter.
Oh, I see.
In recent days, Libra men has wrangled Democrats in the upper chamber by suggesting that those
who support bringing the U.S. troops home from rack by a certain day would bolster terrorists
fighting attacks against the U.S. and its allies.
He also sparked resentment by saying last week an NBC's today show that the Democratic
Party was out of the political mainstream.
Yeah, everybody else is out a lot except you, Joe Lieberman.
Then Democrats are worried that Libra women may be giving the Republicans a golden opportunity
to undermine their message.
He is a peace direct.
And that's the nicest thing I can say.
France says in a fact here, you're not taking calls.
Oh, I took some calls.
I took more than they then I have in last month put together.
You're not taking calls, but I want to get this idea by John Bony and the parents.
Besides what you said this morning about the parents acting gilly, whether they're
behaving toward the police, etc.
Most of us did think they or one of them at least was gilly.
But here's my take, sis Fred.
I think they were guilty, not of killing her, but creating her, especially the mother,
because they created a little beauty queen for the pedophiles to take advantage of.
That's right.
There's nothing like creating a little queen.
In other words, had they not put their child to those ridiculous beauty pageants and
dressed her up as if she were in a dealt with all the makeup and the provocative outfits
for pedophiles, she probably would never have been killed.
Excellent point, Fred.
We've been saying that.
If she looked like a normal little girl with pig tails and dirty jeans, etc., she'd
probably be still alive.
They could hit her with five shots and she'd still be alive today.
And I think her parents knew that immediately, thus the guilt.
I just think that basically there are a couple of slime balls.
Sure.
That's my take.
I mean, I know he's got a lot of money, but there are plenty of slime balls with a lot
of money.
There are.
In fact, most of the people with a lot of, oh, guess who's been here this all this week,
at least not today, but a previous day of the slime ball with a lot of money?
Bill Gates.
There you go.
He qualifies.
And Bill Clinton, all the eight conferences going on here this week in Boats area, they
love Clinton.
Man, they're lined up eight million deep to shake his hand and check out his gland and
just, you know, I can just see the little kids now saying pop had the Clinton look where
we got.
Right?
Yeah.
And absolutely correct all your kids out there.
Popping it in everybody with all, you know, for example, I wasn't too happy about the
guy that he slept over there to Connecticut and was like sucking up to vote for Lieberman
and campaigning with him before the primary, but you do notice that he just said that was
because he wanted to be a good Democrat.
Whatever that means.
But then as soon as the primary was over and Lieberman started opening him up again, Clinton
just ripped him to shreds.
Do you see the article on our website yesterday?
Nope.
Or is it today?
Is it today, Josh?
I'm pretty sure with yesterday.
I'll tell you about it.
Who can keep track when you're sending 40, 50,000?
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
Boy, you're studying a little bit early now.
I noticed you in a way saying time can't you that check.
It was yesterday.
Look at that.
Almost 600 people have read that.
You know what really is disappointing to me and it shouldn't be because I realized that
we're wasting our time, although the money is good.
But we put those things on air.
I mean, Eric went through just an apoplectic fit putting those things on there to, you know,
pacify me on Tuesday.
George Bush, Sunday bloody Sunday, which is a real hoot.
It's fabulous.
And then Keith Oberman, the nexus of politics and terror, which we even played the audio
on the air, which everybody ought to watch that over and over again and have screenings
in their home and HD and whatever.
And they don't just don't read those things.
They don't look at them.
Try.
And these are even things that they need to read.
These are videos that I'm full before their eyes.
I think that's right.
Click a button, man.
Click the link right under the pool and watch those two, especially the Oberman piece.
But we don't want to believe that because you're just a poo-poing.
It's just partisan politics.
You know, you're a poo-poing.
This administration is really keeping us safe from terror attacks right now.
No question about it.
Oh, I'm sure you saw this thing about the Israeli army chief who told us stocks.
You didn't see this?
Nope.
Stock scandal spells doom of embebbled Israeli army chief, right?
Marius Shatner.
I wonder if he's related to Billy Boy, an agent's France press.
Israel's army chief under fire for selling shares hours before launching an offensive
in Lesbonon was looking said to become the first head to rule an outcry over the state's
scandal over the three month of the month long war.
Israel's media have piled a appropriate month, Dan Halutz, since the Mar-Weef newspaper
revealed today that he had sold shares hours before the start of the Israeli offensive in
Lesbonon, July 12th.
The story confirmed by Halutz himself has focused the anger of many in the country struggling
to become the terms when he less than decisive outcome of its war.
Well, what an understanding that is against the fundamental and militant, against the fundamentalist
Hezbollah militias parked on July 12th.
He leaves me tongue tied.
There's an old Romanian saying that goes like this, the country is burning but grandma
is coming her hair.
The country was on fire and all that interested Halutz was his investment portfolio member
of parliament, Colette Abital said Tuesday.
Resignation calls have come from parliament but also from the highest circles of the defense
establishment.
Defense Minister Amir Peretz also under fire for his performance since the start of the
war July front, defended the army chiefs lawfully in dedication.
His attention is entirely devoted to the war and the success of the army's missions,
Peretz said.
This regrettable affair would never have captured so much attention had the Lesbonon
campaigned it when they clerked victory for Israel, said Mark Heller and aimlessed with
the Jaffe Center for Strategic Studies.
Other just needed more time then.
It is, that's right.
They just need another couple of months for Christ's sake.
It is possible that the general made mistakes but he certainly isn't the only one whether
at the political or military echelons he told Agent France press AFP.
Newspapers, Pilarite Hallouets yesterday using the scandal to vent their anger at the
man whose forces suffered unexpected setbacks at the hands of Willah and his beloved
militia men.
Ma Arizett, or Ben Casta, was confident that the public perception of a general who
tries to save his stock portfolio while sending his troops to the front lines with spell
the end of his career.
He entered this war as a Prime Minister designate he's leaving on the stretcher he wrote.
Kind of like Ariel Sharon, I guess, who's up to us.
The appointment last year the former Air Force chief to the position of chief of staff
had received a lukewarm reception within the ranks of the military where some senior officers
argued that a pilot was ill suited for the top job.
He was often criticized for being arrogant and overestimating the Air Force.
But that sounds familiar too.
Worked real well in Vietnam, didn't know when we bombed the nation.
We're always works real well like in Iraq.
I've got to say Iraq.
They're good at all of that.
Afghanistan worked like crazy.
No more Taliban there all the way.
Do we have a story about the poppy industries bigger than ever?
Good.
What do we get in there?
Sure worked really well there in Lesbonne.
Just bombed them into the stone age.
Nice to see those rag heads in Saudi Arabia coming up with a few men in Bukhsar, the 11th is a poor Lebanese slumber.
Didn't they just do it for PR?
You think they're 11th is starting to take this personal maybe?
Over it.
Over it.
Over again.
You know, they were just starting to get the economy going again.
The tourism was, you know, they have the nice beaches there and then the casino and everything.
Everything is starting to come on.
We can't have that.
And all of a sudden, just when you thought it was safe, but I've bombed here we go again.
Let's kill a bunch of people.
And by the way, the death toll now is over 1300.
While they're still digging bodies out from under the rubble.
You're too later.
But just remember what the Bebe Netanyahu said.
He said that when the Hezbollah, when they killed, when they're launching those Kutusha rockets at Israel, they're intending to kill a hit civilians.
But when the Israelis are dropping their bombs and just bombing Lebanon to bits, when innocent civilians die, it's just an accident.
That's right.
So when the Lebanese were killed, they were lightly killed.
As opposed to when the Israelis died, it was a real...
...fuck a crack.
...of real Rogers.
...that were heavily killed.
5.16.Q.
A sign of it.
This is Mark Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M.
Every day's a new morning.
We have a yellow light that must be.
They have something to hide.
That's how they say they do they have eyes.
What's really happening?
Kind of subdued to you.
Like a yellow light.
Your time, life, the corporate be your right.
And that's why we have a yellow light.
Catch, explain.
The meaning of what these lights do.
What is it?
I told you.
She got his text with a set of low pens and you know what's going on.
Every time they're walking in the field, they're gonna say,
Have a yellow light with that light.
Something they can't abide.
We have a yellow light.
A big five, eight, eight, eight, one, two, three,
...of five, six, you know what I mean?
We got Curtis Stevens and come out for two and then we got Gildy.
Four, four, four, nothing in life is perfect.
Hurricane Hotline and Gameworks and the Beast of Gameworks between 7 and 10.
And the end cap went to the 10 o'clock tonight.
That's our line of no Marlon game.
Marlon's come home against the Braves tomorrow.
Any interest?
Oh!
Those Red Hot Marlon, well as Luke War Marlon's.
You know the amazing part of it is that there's still like what only about six, six and a half games out of the wild card.
Josh?
He just got back.
He got back from where?
I was taking a doose, what did you say?
I said, you're gonna get started in the room or about the ticket is going off the Air March one.
I got the room or yeah.
And started it.
Okay.
You know, speaking of starting things, starting like,
they let you take enough lighters and matches on a plane to start the entire state of California on fire, you know?
Start 4,000 wildfires.
And there's actually anybody stupid enough out there to believe that they're considered about safety on airlines?
Well, three packs of matches and three of what kind of person, what even George is more smoking as he does,
don't need three packs of matches and three lighters.
One lighter will do.
Yeah, there you go.
It's full, you know, and it's spares.
Doesn't look like it has a spare.
It's God.
Extra papers.
I mean, just on the face of these things and the poll, yeah, well, I make a lot of sense from AI, right?
The popular video site, you...
CUBE!
Has been negotiating with record labels to post thousands of music videos online.
By the way, we got some really nifty stuff on here and at MySpace thing.
Yes, we do.
Even though this is talking about you...
CUBE!
In fact, the only reason I'm reading the stories is because it's about you.
CUBE!
And so I can play CUBE a lot.
Aiming to move beyond a site where people mostly share homemade video clips, you...
CUBE!
Which claims over 100 million views a day is reportedly seeking the rights to post current and archive music videos online
and set any commercial model and choose to block other videos for free.
Now, being an old fart, which I am, what's the difference between MySpace and you...
CUBE!
YouTube is just a site where people, anyone can post videos.
So you just see videos on there.
Now, MySpace, you can put all kinds of things on your MySpace page.
All kinds of pages.
Look at what good stuff.
Right, and a lot of what people put on their MySpace page, you included,
involves links to YouTube videos so that you can play videos from YouTube right there from your MySpace page.
So MySpace is much more versatile.
Right, it's personal and YouTube is just videos.
When you watch...
CUBE!
What?
Listen.
Huh?
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, thank you.
Well, I can't stop farting.
When you listen to this, this is all about you.
CUBE!
Christakes!
What we really want to do in six to twelve months, maybe eighteen months, is that every music video ever created up on you.
CUBE!
Wow.
For under Steve Ten told Reuters, everyone ever made.
We're trying to bring in as much of this content as we can to the site.
It can also say that you CUBE!
Intense to differentiate itself from paid-of-view or download services like iTunes and AOL music,
or others like Yahoo Music, which is supported by an advertising revenue share model or record labels.
CUBE!
Hope to integrate the music videos into the community features of its site, allowing users to add the videos to their own profiles, and post reviews of them.
The business model is reportedly being developed, intended with all four major record companies.
Now, getting the four major labels to read this business model is key since you...
CUBE!
...has run into trouble in the past when users posted copyrighted videos from TV shows on its sites, including one run-in with NBC over a Saturday Night Live clip.
But you CUBE!
...sizzle policies to take down pirated content as soon as it becomes aware of it.
Right now we're trying to very quickly determine how and what the model to distribute this content is,
and we're very aggressive and assisting people to try to get the content on you...
CUBE!
...canceled.
What kind of name is that? Steve Chin.
Uh, Chinese?
No, yes.
With Steve?
With Chinese people named Steve.
All Americanized.
No Chinese guy.
Maybe half and half.
Warner Music and EMI both confirmed to writers that they were trying to work with you.
CUBE!
We're obviously interested in legitimate use scenarios and trying to broaden those and our focus with you...
CUBE!
...is how to be partners while protecting our artist and sharing make it paid,
said Warner's SVP of Digital and Business Development Michael Nash.
Well, what is SVP?
Vice President of...
...so-no-by-comp, I wonder what the S stands for.
No, it's something Vice President.
Okay.
Senior.
What is it?
Seaman?
Senior.
Oh, I think he said Seaman.
Smeagma?
Yeah, that's what I saw.
We got 1135 hosts.
We're going to top that goal of 1200 easy,
so he can play all Elvis all day tomorrow.
A lot of him is cloudy.
Yeah, now one thing I learned on that thing last night, which I knew, I mean the drugs obviously killed him in here.
He and...
Let's see, who was the chick that he was dating at that time?
I forget what her name was.
Really hot, too, by the way.
Did you ever see her?
No.
She was shacked up there in Grace Landwood, Elvis at the time.
But nevertheless, so the two of them got in the limo or whatever,
and they went to the dentist 1130 at night.
And the dentist wrote a prescription.
They went to an all-life pharmacy at some hospital there in Grace Landwood.
And they said, well, where is Grace Landwood?
Memphis, excuse me.
We just went through that the other day, as we did.
Oh, the Boulder D.E. is holding a briefing on the arrest in the John Bane.
Mr. Carr has traveled extensively.
Okay, that's enough.
So anyway, one thing I did learned a lot is I never...
I mean, you know, it's liquid heroin.
Okay.
Never knew that.
Well, they're pills, too, actually, because the body of mine got a matter of his surgery.
Your body is not in a lot of that.
Is that the same guy that I wanted to 10 grand at the casino?
Yeah.
Well, they could buy a lot of pills.
A lot of them.
Well, liquid delotted is liquid heroin.
Okay.
At least that's what they said in their show lives.
Now, what's all the wine I know about drugs for Christ's sake?
1126 votes on the poll.
Which of these people, places, or things do you care about least?
American Idol, 182.
Oh, my God.
That's a sure sign of a disease.
And another sign of American disease, celebrity poker, 165.
You know, syphilis, there's very bad damage to the brain, you know?
So I think there must be an epidemic of syphilis in America.
Because people watching other people playing cards on television, I still can't get over it.
And it is wildly popular.
That's the best part of the whole deal.
So I'll be popular.
You want to hear a little bit more about this?
I got it.
From Anne.
Really?
Oh, I don't need her.
Our celebrity poker 165, Britney Spears 132, Lance Bash, 129.
You're fairie.
Religion 99.
Maybe somebody ought to put a treble hook in his mouth, you know?
That's a good way to catch your bass.
It wouldn't be the first thing.
Religion 99, maybe the sharpest, though.
Fidel Castro 55.
I hate this pull 54 only.
4.7, that's a good sign.
Thank God they like the pull.
But they make you feel good when you know they like your pull.
All the time.
Mel Gibson only 47.
Javanay Ramsey 44.
Before an investigation.
Israel's got 40.
Terror Alerts 35.
Florida Panthers 32.
I'm amazed that that's not much higher on list.
Because we have no hockey fans in South Florida whatsoever.
Gerald Ford 29.
I still can't, I guess I better Google that.
Well, you know something I've just done.
I mean, the cable's back on.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
It's not right up on you.
I wasn't paying any attention.
It was out for a very long time, which I'm sure you can relate to.
Gerald Ford 29.
Shack has got 28.
28 people just don't give a crap about him at all.
No matter how big that hit is.
Florida Marlins 21.
Dothans 21.
Marlins of Dothans.
Side by each.
They're in lockstep.
Now, I have to see a lot of similarities.
Iraq has got 11 now and politics only two.
So, I meant to go out of 1131 votes.
We'll make 1200 easy.
In fact, an agency, Greg Reads an Indian.
Nick from Bokas says, Ray the Jambane case.
Children tend to follow or gravitate to their parents' interests.
Mrs. Ramsey was in beauty pageants.
Was Miss West Virginia and her sister was as well.
So it's kind of natural that Jambane would have that interest too.
Or would be, well, that's the way Nick says it.
That's he would be pushed along in that area.
Right.
A pro football player would have a football in his son's cradle.
A hunter fisherman would take his kids to the wildlife.
Near a Roger son and it says, oops, we'll go there.
I want to make a move.
Hey, Nick.
That's for you, sweetheart.
Real laugh right, Nick.
By the way, Jambane says.
Thank you, Lurley, when their day and our night is their day.
Our role and the investigation of Jambane's murder has been...
And I keep showing his group ball with the same blue shirt,
the same khaki khaki pants.
And he's still always got that same expression in his face like a real doofus, man.
In fact, he could be the next president.
Right?
Which you see a lot of similarities?
Oh, God, no, nobody says, doofy looking at this one.
Although, the difference I see made difference is we know the president's responsible for a lot of people being dead.
We're only, we've just taken this guy's word for it that he killed anybody.
1213 at 560 WQM, if you're going back to school, it can be a little rough on the kids and a good night's sleep is critical for the development of healthy minds.
That's what Gary Sarner says.
Gary, you are...
I thought we heard a copy person at the station.
But yes?
Please let me know when they start.
Okay.
If your kids are having trouble adjusting to school night bedtime, it may be that they're on a crappy old mattress.
I've been using dollar mattress for years because I know that if you go to your bedding and department store,
you're going to waste a lot of time, money and expensive gas.
But if you make that easy call at 1-800-MATRUS, you'll get the best deal all the way around.
Save a lot of time and a lot of cash as well.
And you'll also get the quality mattress that you're looking for that's great for you and your back.
Dollar mattress can recommend a mattress for kids of any age, having a new bed delivered to them,
at date and time you choose, seven days a week, just give them a dollar mattress that's a two hour window between eight in the morning and 10 p.m.
They can even deliver the mattress the same day as you call.
So pick up that instrument right now, call 1-800-MATRUS, and get the best selection and the best prices on Celi.
CERDA Simmons, King Quail, Temporpidic, and Stern's Embed anus Foster 2.
Check for low prices online at mattress.com or make that easy call and they'll be knocking on your door one no time at all.
Call the Alamaptress toll free 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, leave off the last S because it stands for Saving.
This is Neorudgeris. What solid this is 5.69 A.M.
Stemitor, but you may know me as Michael Churchill, son of St. Peter.
I hold all your life.
You've been my only hand.
For design, for thought this is the rule of Oversee, your safety in the airport.
You've been asleep.
You remove your shoes.
OK. Now, remove your shirt.
OK. What else do you require with me?
I require you remove your pants.
OK. Who's that you?
I know. Can I get on a plane now?
Do you have any fluids?
No. Do you have any juices?
No. Very well, by the way, did you know the human body is 60% water?
That's liquid.
Kill that hole!
Fish message paid for by TSA, Turkin Security A-holes.
From 1965 to 1960, only 42 past the matches and 75 cigarette lighters
that's all they're going to let you take on starting now.
And the plane thrower.
Did you say...
FAAAMING!
Robert Fist writes, in the independent, that's my favorite newspaper in the world,
a case you didn't know that.
By the way, in case you didn't know it, the ticket allegedly,
the rumor is it's going off change in format, March 1.
No more all sports across the street.
Because evidently, Zool-Fiber's daddy is tired of flushing all that money down the toilet.
Eight million dollars they've lost and asked before this dolphin season.
They're going to lose over 10 million by that time before they finally shut that spigot off on the freeway.
Would you call me?
How do you like that? They're going to lose over 10 million dollars and daddy's just real tired of it.
OK. It was basically an ego exercise.
That's what they're always putting these sports stations on here.
It's an exercise in ego.
You know what I'm saying?
Like a dad guest like Greg Reed, who is a big sports center, you know, he's into that sport.
That's all he knows is sports and getting laid, which team is his sport, I guess.
And that's it.
And the same was true with that fan, which sliced it about how many minutes did that last?
About third man.
And then there was that 94, the I&Z.
What do they call that? RFX, right?
OK.
Yeah, that's all a blur to me.
Oh yeah, RFX.
That was going to be the big, you know, Fox Sports thing there.
How many seconds?
About 30 minutes.
Seconds that lasted on here.
In fact, that's where Clarence's buddy Stu Gotts was over there for a while.
Before his daddy also decided to be by his way to make him general manager over across this tree.
I mean, that would be like saying that Robert Grieper is going to be the president of General Motors.
I mean, just the concept of it is so idiotic.
Any minute now.
Stu Gotts is general manager of the ticket over there.
Yeah, right.
Talk about a winner.
Robert Schis writes in the independent and the face of Bush's lies, it's left to Assad to tell the truth.
Well, that's about as much of it in Diamond as you can get, you know what?
What's this broad saying about poor John Bane?
I guess she's still dead.
Robert Schis says in the sparse, bad, this drawing, rumors of Damascus, reality often seems a long ways away.
But it was a sign of the times the president Bashar al-Assad was able to bring the great and the good of Damascus to their feet.
By the simple token of telling the truth, which no other Arab leader has chosen to do these past five weeks,
that the Lebanese, his beloved like a real army has in effect won this round their war with Israel.
Absolutely correct sir.
There was plenty of hyperbole in the Assad's speech, a conflict that has cost a thousand Lebanese civilian lives can hardly be called a glorious battle.
But he did at least reflect more reality than his opposite number in Washington, who driven by self delusion or his love of Israel, claimed that his beloved have been defeated Lebanon.
Israel's victory in Lebanon presumably has to be added to our own famous victories in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Syria and Iran, according to Mr. Bush, were responsible for the suffering of Lebanon, which contains the seeds of truths and sensualized provoked his war by capturing two Israeli soldiers and killing three others July 12th.
Although it wasn't a Syrian or Iranian air force that was slaughtering the convoy of innocent refugees, civilians in Lebanon,
so it was that President Assad must have enjoyed his little pararition in Damascus yesterday.
This is an American administration that adopts the principles of preemptive war that is absolutely contradictory to the principle of peace he said.
Consequently, we don't accept peace soon or any for a cerebral future.
Mr. Assad can say that again, indeed there is no more sign that his beloved intense to disarm under the terms of UN Security Council resolutions 1559 and 1701,
than Israel is prepared to abide by UN Security Council resolution 242 and withdraw from Arab territories and occupied 1967.
However, in case you wonder how we sit in, why do you always sit in?
I just now used to say that.
Okay, Mike, he was also a liberator.
I have it.
It is clear that President Assad now sees himself back at the center of Arab power after his army simulating retreat from Lebanon last year.
There was no more need for defeatism among Arabs, he said.
A sentiment widely held in the real Arab world, but quite absent from President Bush's fantasy Middle East.
That it should be Syria of all nations which instate this to so much applause probably says more about Washington than it does about Damascus.
And it is of course the return of the Israeli occupied Syrian goal on heights,
CUN resolution 242 that lies behind this whole disastrous war.
The truth is Israel opened its attack on Lebanon by claiming the Lebanese government was responsible for his role as attack,
which it clearly was not, and that its military actions would achieve liberation of the captured soldiers.
This, the Israelis, has signally failed to do.
The loss of 40 soldiers in just 36 hours, and his successful his blood tax against Israeli armor in Lebanon,
were the disaster for the Israeli army.
The fact that Syria could be able to be about the achievements of his blood while avoiding the destruction of a blade of grass inside Syria,
suggests that as soon as it is not as yet to be grasped in the Arab world, but for now Syria has won.
Iran is his blood's principal supporter clearly thinks so too.
President Naft Ma'dinajat, who usually talks far more than he thinks,
condemned the US for his applying Israel with the weapons he used in Lebanese civilians perfectly true.
But he did not say his blood's missiles come from a new generation Iranian arsenal that didn't even exist during the 80-80-80 Iran Iraq war.
While the US will be keen to assess the effectiveness of its weapons, albeit largely used on civilians,
no one should doubt that Iran will also be assessing the success of its new missiles and the effect on the Israeli army.
Sounds like a recipe for real picnic, don't it?
It's going to be fun.
Watch out for the ants.
An uncle.
We've got a good article here by Ruth Rosen.
Ruth Rosen.
Oh!
I wonder if she's kin.
Oliver Stone 9-11 in the big line.
Are you sure it is how it didn't see that movie, did you?
Which one?
The World Trade Center.
Oh, are you kidding me?
I thought we knew each other.
I did post a skating review of it while I was doing the story.
Well, Ruth Rosen has an even more skating and is very long, so I'm going to do the break now a little minute early.
Good.
Oliver Stone 9-11 in the big line is so good from TomDispatch.com.
What happened to him?
He used to make anti-war movies, things like that.
Oliver Stone?
Yeah.
Sell out.
Apparently.
Loser.
And of course anybody that made that movie a talk radio, whatever the hell it was, that name did.
Born on the Fourth of July in Platoon 2, which was the game.
Yeah, a couple of good ones.
He had some real turkeys in there, two man.
Some real gobbler.
There's no doubt.
Prove 25 at 5.60 QAM.
We got Curtis and two and then four.
Beware.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 QAM.
It's the hottest summer on record, and that raises the danger of celebrity meltdowns.
Protect yourself with these simple steps.
Drink 20 of fluid, unless your mel Gibson or Lindsey Lohan.
Stay near a fan, unless you're star-jones, and you don't have any fans left.
Infants are particularly sensitive to heat.
Keep yours out of the sun and out of sight, by secluding them in a Scientology Center.
Monitor your symptoms.
If you're weak, dizzy, and bloated, you could have heat stroke, or you could be M. Night Shyamalan's new movie.
This has been a public service message from the Summer Celebrity Meltdown Foundation,
reminding celebrity to play a cool.
And stay out of hot water.
Stakes out of plane, 1231-21.
That's a movie I'm going to make.
Stakes Center, what kind of stakes?
The light.
Olliver, Ruth Rosen writes, Oliver Stone, I'm a, we can have Oliver Stone directed.
And the big lie.
When World Trade Center, I did, I left the theater tense, my muscles aching.
The superb directing enacting coupled with still a hardly imaginable scenes of death and destruction,
had sent painful muscle spasms up my back.
If oak tears left me yet again, with searing and indelible images of that hellish morning.
I felt as oriented in the bright sunlight of an earthen California afternoon,
as my mind regained its critical faculties, however, another kind of shock set in.
I suddenly realized that Oliver Stone's movie reinforces the big lie, endlessly repeated by Dick Cheney,
echoed and amplified by the right-wing media, that 9-11 was somehow linked to a rack,
or supported by a raky dictator, Sodom Horsane.
It might surprise you that this Oliver Stone film is neither ideological nor conspiratorial,
which in my view is just as it should be, instead it's a portrayal of what the men who braved hell in the families
who anguish over their survival experience.
World Trade Center gives 9-11 a distinctly human face by following two-port authority policemen in their families.
We watched the men muster their courage to help evacuate people in one of the towers.
We gasp as their buried alive.
We winced as heavy slabs of cement crushed their bodies, and we hold our breath as they struggle
to keep each other going in the face of imminent death.
Expert editing brings us the anguish suffered by their wives, children and relatives,
summer into Nile, others in shock, some have faith, others are resound to the men's deaths.
They live in their own hairline, we empathize with their wretching agony.
With a subtle touch, Stone shows us people all over the planet horrified by television images
of the airplanes crashing into the towers.
He reminds us that the people of the world expressed an outpouring of sympathy
since been squandered by the Bush administration.
Meanwhile, Stone introduces us to one ex-marine who feels called by God
to help rescue those buried alive.
He gets his hair cut short, puts on his old uniform,
and with all the authority of a former staff sergeant, does what he knows best,
uses his military skills to save people's lives.
Determined in angry, he insists that we must avenge this horrendous attack.
We also watched a group of Wisconsin policemen viewing the terrorist attacks on television
once screams out, the bastards, still in other words,
captures the desire for revenge already in the year.
And yet, in none of these profoundly moving scenes is there even a mention of
whom I have committed this atrocity, needs of the name Al-Qaeda,
nor are some of Inland, and so much is whispered.
You might say, but everyone knows it was Al-Qaeda,
and you'd be right, but to most Americans, we know just who those terrorists were,
or that they had no connection to Iraq.
They're not a single one of them, can even from that country.
It doesn't sound very important until you realize that various polls over the last five years
have reported from 20 to 50% of Americans, still believe Iraqis were on those planes.
They were not.
As of early 2005, according to a Harris poll, 47% of Americans were convinced
that Saddam Hussein actually helped plan the attack and supported the hijackers.
And in February 2006, according to a unique Zogby poll of American troop serving in Iraq,
85% of the U.S. mission is mainly to retaliate for Saddam's rule in 9-11 attack.
77% of the also believe the main or major reason for the war was to stop Saddam
from protecting Al-Qaeda in Iraq.
The big lie, first coined by Adolf Hitler in 1925 in his autobiography, MindConf,
was made famous by Joseph Gerber, as propaganda minister for the Third Wife.
The idea was simple enough, tell a wapper, larger the better, often enough,
and most people will come to accept it as the truth.
During WW2, the predecessor of the CIA, the Office of the Strategic Services,
described how the Germans used the big lie.
They never allowed the public to cool off, never admit a fault or wrong,
never concede that there may be some good in your enemy,
never leave room for alternatives, never accept blame,
concentrate on one enemy at a time and blame him for everything that goes wrong.
People will believe a big lie sooner than a little one,
and if you repeat it often enough, people will sooner or later believe it.
This is in fact just what the Bush administration has been doing ever since 9-11.
As a result, in 2005, an ABC Washington Post poll found that 56% of Americans
still thought Iraq had possessed weapons of mass destruction shortly before the war,
and 60% still believed Iraq had provided direct support to Al-Qaeda prior to the war.
In June 2006, Fox News ran a story once again dramatizing the supposed links between 9-11 and Iraq,
and as recently as July of this year, a Harris poll that's last month,
a Harris poll found that 64% of those polls say it is true that Saddam Hussein
had strong links to Al-Qaeda.
The Bush administration's big lie has worked very well.
They've changed the appointment and this particular lie has repeated a year after year,
in a similar way George Bush has repeatedly explained his 2003 invasion of Iraq,
which had nothing whatsoever to do with 9-11 by insisting that we must fight terrorists in that country
so that we don't have to fight them here.
It turned out to be something of a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Neither of these, nor so many other administration statements, had a shred of truth to them.
Even the President, who repeatedly linked Saddam Hussein to the terrorist organization
behind the 9-11 attacks, admitted on September 18, 2003 that there was no evidence
that the poster-backed dictator had any hand in them.
But that didn't stop the vice-president from endlessly repeating the big lie
that justifies this country's invasion and occupation of Iraq.
Most of the controversy over World Trade Center has focused on whether
as the fifth anniversary of the attack approaches, it is still too soon
for a cinematic depiction of these horrendous events.
For some people, perhaps they may well be the case.
I myself don't think it's too soon for such a film, but I do worry that powerful and evocative as it is.
It may, however, inadvertently only deepen waning support for the war in Iraq.
Despite the near-flood of documentaries on the terrorist attacks
heading toward the small screen of the September, Stone's film, for many Americans,
may end up being the definitive cinematic record of what it felt like to be inside the Hellers Cyclone,
known simply by the numbers 9-11.
To offer a faithful recreation of that historical catastrophe, however,
Stone are old viewers of the whole truth, not merely a brilliant graphic portrayal
of what happened and how it affected the lives of some of those involved.
As it ends, a written post-cript appears to describe what happened to the very
port authority policeman, their families, and the ex-marine who helped to rescue them,
whose last line is, we're going to need some good men out there to revenge this.
We learn that the two men survived an unbearable number of surge
reasoner living with their families, and as we read that the ex-marine reopt and
later did two tours of duty in Iraq.
At that moment I wanted to shout out, don't you mean Afghanistan?
Then I imagine the satisfaction Dick Cheney and Sir Loser Senator Julie Bermoon
were taken as not quite spelled out linkage of 9-11 in Iraq.
I kept waiting for what never came, even a note in the post-cript reminding the
audience of those who had actually committed a crime.
This is where by omissions, Stone's demands up reinforcing the administration's big lie.
You could easily have left the theater thinking that the St. Louis X-Marine had
gone off to fight those who attacked our country.
That evening I wrote a word that should have appeared in the post-cript.
The government officials later confirmed that the organization which plugged the
destructive of the World Trade Center was al-Qaeda led by Osama bin Laden,
a Saudi Arabia, and I'm in Al-Zawahiri, a.n Egyptian.
19 men executed the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
15 of them came from Saudi Arabia.
The remaining from Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, and Lebanon, none of them came from Iraq, not a one.
What happened to Oliver Stone, the filmmaker who gave us platoon, born on the 4th of July,
Wall Street, and Nixon?
I think George just said that.
Despite his conspiratorial foibles in JFK, he has long been a movie maker dedicated to
raising tough questions about our American past.
Where did this commitment to opening historical subjects for debate go?
He was right not to politicize this film, but truth telling required that he identified the terrorists.
Truth telling would have resulted in helping to dismantle the big lie that resulted in the deaths of so many American soldiers and Iraqi civilians,
and has plunged the wreck into chaos in civil war.
How could Oliver Stone leave it up to viewers to discover for themselves who committed this crime?
How can he leave the audience with the impression that there was a connection as Dick Taney has never stopped saying between 9-11 and Iraq?
This is the tragic failure of Stone's World Trade Center.
It undercuts the historical value of the film, and reinforces the biggest lie of the last five years,
still believed by far too many Americans that in Iraq were fighting those who attacked our country.
Like George always says, they shouldn't have attacked us.
That's right. I'll teach him to do it again.
Historian and journalist Ruthero Aruthrozne, former commons for the early times in the San Francisco Chronicle,
teaches at the University of California Berkeley, and is a senior fellow at the Longview Institute.
I wonder if she's as much of a fellow as Condom Liza.
That's what they were saying at the World AIDS Conference, or Condom Liza.
That's what Bubble was saying.
Like I said, top-hand bubble, look what we got.
Oh my God. It's just stuporifying.
I mean, when two nights ago they were debating on Joe Scarborough,
are they right-wing Joe Scarborough on MSNBC, where their bush is really a moron?
And they keep showing us, what's his guy's name?
Joe Wack Schmack.
He's right there on the right-hand side of the screen.
The guy in Thailand who says he could, this guy, he couldn't tell a fruit's one.
Have you ever seen a stranger looking do that in your life?
He's pretty bizarre.
He makes the fruit be get out there through reception best look normal.
I mean, I've never seen any, no, I'm, don't go crazy.
This guy reminds me of, he reminds me of this thing.
Remember the thing?
I mean, I remember all of the things that I've done.
Oh, doesn't he remind you of that?
He does. He looks like a thing.
Strange.
The things that was mentioned is these affidavits.
The search warrant affidavits, the arrest warrant affidavits.
Those are under seal.
So thank God we didn't forget all about Israel and less than on
and about terror warnings and liquids on airplanes and all the dead people in Iraq.
Now we got something really important, okay?
And don't you dare say that again.
My dad knows the old person.
He makes him and he has me up there.
You all an apology.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-2-A-S.
They're good.
The world where there's a place that has more bonds than the Middle East.
Your local theater.
We bring you the sequel to snakes on a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
Would you like a refreshment?
I'll have a coffee.
I'm sorry, we only have shakes now.
We have profit, profit, vanilla, banana, your choice of shake or shake, shake or put in a shake.
He's a pizza.
Let's see, I hate vanilla.
I'm allergic to strawberry.
It's only a two-hour flight start.
You look familiar.
Aren't you Janet Reno?
Yeah, what about it?
I don't know.
It just makes me long for the days of sexy students and hunts.
Don't move.
On a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
The whole country does go prisoners.
They never had tickets for business cars.
I thought you were one.
We're regular and two.
I'd like to go plane.
But they've been with girls.
It's the worst flight I ever had.
An eye-catching tugging like that.
Sun jacks on.
What can you do?
I'd like to come play.
What they do with girls.
I'd like to go to some girls.
Shakes on a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
Shakes on a plane.
1246 and 560.
Speaking of stuff on a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
On a plane.
Ben's ice- without bone cancer.
Sous opposition for shooting down on ice.
Retrieving stopping the diesel Bayou
version of the nast-en astronaut,
Xfu Chang Sh ,
Pit Game H er,
The gang til the Central Pe assessment scene.
1 of the components had been
1 of the components had been
6 of the components.
of the Jets accompanying the United
Plan was pretty amazing.
All the pastures were removed from the plane,
Lugged in cargo were removed,
Yadi-adi-adi, authority swept the plane with bomb-syncing
Dogs didn't find anything, of course.
And the suspicious passenger were taken on the custody.
I still say anybody who acts up on a plane
when they make the emergency landing or whatever they have to do.
What they ought to do is take them off the plane,
tie them to a cross like Jesus,
and let everybody who was on a plane,
all the passengers who behaved like living and breathing human beings,
take a baseball bat and beat the crap out of them.
I don't think they'll be doing it again.
What do you think?
Especially if they beat them to death.
That would be one way to make sure we stop it.
Look at the CNN find and get the story about how the Pakistanis
arrested some senior al-Qaeda commander
linked to the London plane bombing plot allegedly,
and linked to Osama and I'm in the Pymon.
I'm taking a look at all this stuff
and I'm starting to think, well, let's see,
it's still in the middle of August,
and all these other big deals have blown up
in the Neocons face.
How about if all of a sudden before the November elections,
they knock on the door that beautiful suite in the French Riviera
where they got Osama and I'm in the Pymon hold up?
Surprise, time's up.
They find Osama.
What do you think?
That would be something.
1200 is something's going to happen.
New way, there'll be an October or very early November surprise.
Trust me when I tell you.
Because these surprises right now are not surprised
in the way they thought they were going to be.
Oh, there's more on it, the guy.
And now, quite publicly, that is taking its course
or senior legal analyst Jeffrey Tuber.
Well, there's the legal analyst.
1200 one votes on the pool.
Like I said, gee, you can tell you Elvis all the rest of the week.
Oh, boy.
Well, that's tomorrow.
Which of these people places or things you care about the least?
We should. You know what? We should have put Elvis on there.
Let's do it.
Put him on there. When you still do it,
you got to the tomorrow morning.
And by the way, I noticed that before I went on vacation,
you finally got smart.
Don Adams would have been very proud.
And what I kept telling you about,
I think it was right after the show, George,
put the pool for the next day on air.
And he got his thousand votes.
I thought right. See?
And I went back to the old fashioned way.
Well, that's because you don't come up with a pool or you know.
No, I don't. Keep stalling.
Well, I like it was something difficult to come up with a new and nifty pool idea.
You're the only one that can do that well.
Which of these people places or things do you care about the least?
111 votes now. And the votes are pouring in here.
Man, even the bush people and the folks at Diebold can't make the votes come in that fast.
Well, you know, really when you come right down to it before we had the pool result.
I was thinking about this last night.
What we've had, we've had a bloodless coup in the USA.
Right?
We've had a bloodless coup and that is that George Boge, Dick Cheney and the Neocons,
stole two elections in a row,
have taken control of America and its foreign policy.
And it's everything else.
It's laws.
Or what used to be laws.
And nobody says a peep.
And the mainstream media, they're worried about this slumpy looking guy over there in Thailand.
The record.
Who looks like Tony Perkins on a bad day.
The tuition and child molestation.
Yes, sure. A lot of heavy-duty shock therapy.
Good God.
Maybe that's what they're going to do.
This guy, Electro Shock, you think?
Can't hurt. Well, I mean, can't hurt.
Or ElectroShave.
Anyway, American Idol 195.
They care about that the least.
It's been leading all the way, but it's getting a stiff competition from celebrity poker 173.
And speaking of poker, Whitney Spears 147.
A lot of guys still would like to.
In spite of all her blemishes.
Lance Bass. I wonder if a lot of guys want to...
You fail it.
135. Well, sure wouldn't be the first time.
Religion 107.
Would you ever take that course?
Religion 107? Yeah.
Pedal Castro 61. That is this reason.
He's good.
Oh, God. He looked really bad there when he was there with Hugo Chavez.
Sleen and Vindling and real.
He looked marginally better than Ariel Chirono.
I will say that.
More N.A.
I hate this pool 58. Only 4.7%.
Why I feel like I accomplished something here with this pool?
John Bonet Ramsey 53.
Well, you better get used to it.
American Court for the first time, which it sounds like will be within a week.
Wow.
Milk it for all you can, guys.
John Bonet, that's the important thing.
How many years ago was that?
I don't know. 5 or 6.
Get out of here.
8 or 9.
Let's see.
Let me find this thing.
Second, remember, only 400 stories on this.
Where the hell is the thing?
1996. So it's 10 years almost.
It was digglobal.
They have for Christmas 10 years ago.
I knew it was a long time.
I mean, not that it wasn't a horrible thing.
And she was a cute little kid in the Audi Audi Audi and all that stuff.
But how about all the kids that got killed in Lebanon?
There was one baby that I think they said was like a couple hours old.
Well, it didn't this much.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
Didn't have a chance to look around and see all the bloodshed and murder.
Anyway, you're John Bonet 53.
Get used to it, man. You're going to have John Bonet coming out of your earlobe pretty soon.
Mel Gibson 48.
Well, that's your pass pretty quick.
Yeah, that passed better than a faster than an old egg fart.
Israel 45.
Terror Alerts 38.
Florida Panthers 36.
I think there's a lot of terror going to be there.
Christmas, they said, let Bobby LeWongo go.
Well, this old kid they got from Vancouver, he couldn't stop a bowling ball from 60 yards away.
He's pretty weak.
But then again, that's hockey stuff.
Don't start with that hockey talk, okay?
Because then the audience, at that point, they get really pissed off.
Yeah.
They'll put up with almost anything else.
Respond to this question.
Brad Lee is too small to play NHL.
Oh, I would see. What do you think? Is it too small?
Florida Panthers 36.
Zero Ford 29.
Shaq 29.
Care about him less than anything in the world just about.
I would agree with that.
Zero Ford 29.
Shaq just moved up to...
BOT 3rd, man.
Miami Dolphins 22, boy, they're going to suck this year or what?
Marlins 21, a rack 11 in politics for...
Boy, if they lost $8 million already across the street, if you missed the beginning of the showman,
you missed some real heavy-duty stuff.
This is, in fact, it wouldn't surprise me that every water cooler all over South Florida and all around the world.
That's what people are talking about now.
Not a rack, not lesbian on, not a jambane, but about the ticket going off the sports format, March 1.
And I'm trying to think, I'm trying to figure out who would have been over there.
I mean, we know who the moles are at eye at the clear channel.
We know who those people are.
At least I do.
But who would Josh's mole have been across the street?
He got it third hand.
Third hand from people in here.
Who said it was across the street?
Ah, well, where did they get it?
Somewhere.
Now, this wasn't Claret's that told you that?
Nope.
Claret's wouldn't tell you the time of day if you paid him $50 or you're into that.
Well, at least he wouldn't tell you the right time anyway.
So somebody over there told somebody in there who told you,
see, this is the way that ugly rumors get started.
That's right.
I sure hope it's true.
Not because there are any really competition, but because of the fact that they deserve it,
because they're so stinkin' bad, and because they try to use all their buddies at the Harold Greg Cotax and Daniela Bastard,
they try to use that very jackass, of course.
See, why is it that when somebody will do anything of his power to hurt you,
that you turn around and make people using?
Now, seriously, why is it that our general managers, no matter which one it's been,
always using very jackass and funneling information to him?
Well, what's the purpose of that?
Every time there's been another sports station coming to town,
we've had how many so far?
About 30, man.
And knock us off the block.
It's on the front page of the Harold, big headlines, bigger than Iraq,
bigger than 9-11, anything else.
Oh, new sports station, all set to knock you away, am I off?
Like, like it's...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, just wait, the next one they do, that'll be the one.
Oh, yeah, that's the one where Perry's gonna start.
I can't wait to see that.
And I hear Rick DeGenerde who's gonna be the GM, too, that's the rumor I'm here.
And probably be the crap, and maybe they can get back more testies to straw.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
It's the bomb to Tuola!
Hi, Perry.
Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese
and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents When Ju's Attack,
sponsored by the Committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC,
where you can get the new GOP bucket.
The GOP bucket is all white meat, right winged in only 29.95.
When Ju's Attack, it's a 9-on-5.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob the rest.
Oh!
Bob Bob Bob Bob the rest.
Bob Bob Bob the rest.
Bob Bob the rest.
Bob Bob the rest.
We're fed up with that rapids.
Start to get an extra bomb the rest.
Bob Bob Bob Bob the rest.
We lose the rest away.
To retaliate, turn and wipe that smile of the camel's empty space.
Bob the rest.
Bob Bob Bob the rest.
Bob Bob Bob the rest.
We're fed up with that rapids.
Start to get an extra bomb the rest.
Bob Bob Bob the rest.
Give them what they want.
Bob Bob the rest.
Bob Bob Bob the rest.
Bob Bob Bob the rest.
We're fed up with that rapids.
Start to get an extra bomb the rest.
Bob Bob Bob the rest.
Bob the rest.
Bob the rest.
I think this spaceship that made a man is different.
So John Mark Cargrine, now the Canadian press is.
According to the type police, he claims that he drugged and had sex with John
but not before in death.
Okay.
The American suspect in the killing of John but not a total investor.
He claims that he drugged and had sex with the six-year-old.
He corrected it accidentally killing her.
Oh, this is just so convoluted, man.
There's like all these pages and they're like all disconnected.
An autopsy on Ramsey said a blood-screening showed no drugs or alcohol in her body,
but since she had vaginal abrasions.
Lieutenant General of the 87 letters in his name,
head of Thailand's immigration police said by telephone that he was not present
for the questioning which was conducted by U.S. law enforcement officials.
But according to what the general said he was told of the questioning,
the suspect, John Mark Cargr, wow, said he drugged the child.
So why not to not say who briefed him on the questioning.
U.S. officials couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
He claimed the excess with Ramsey was still alive.
He said he then realized he had accidentally killed her.
I thought that she had like, was it a hairbrush or something?
I wouldn't like that.
He asked like eight inches long on her head.
Somebody says it like that.
Well, maybe he just wanted to make it look like a break-in.
On a day by day, on an hour by hour faces.
That's what you're going to be here, man.
Day by hour by hour, minute by minute, second by second.
Not a beep, but a boop, but a bob job.
But a this and job, but a that.
Holy moly, man.
This is almost as good as Ilya, but not quite.
If she would have just been like Mexican or something, you know.
It's only 1242.
We got a shot of 1300 a day.
What do you say?
I think if we make 1300 by two o'clock, I'm not coming back to Tuesday.
What do you say?
All right.
Now I saw a picture on it, my space page of ours.
And it looked to me like Josh and that guy from the dog, the bounty hunter.
I'm sorry.
Me?
Yeah.
And that guy dog.
Who's that guy?
I haven't been to Hawaii in a while.
Oh, seriously.
That's got to be what.
I know what's important.
Oh, yeah.
I'm with a little bit of that.
Well, it's got a very clear picture.
You can't see the way you do it.
Well, you got to open it, buddy.
Well, doesn't howl, Kogan with the clothes on looked like the dog, the bounty hunter.
If he had a big rooster tail, mull it.
Yeah.
And I didn't have to.
I don't know.
That's who I thought it was.
Because that show pisses me off.
What is that show of doing on A&E?
What is making the money?
What is throwing up?
Got it.
But it's on there like 75 times for Christ.
That has good writing.
I mean, wait, you watch it?
I have watched it.
I have no idea when it's on though.
Oh, well, I'll tell you right now.
Let me go to the A&E guy here.
Let's see.
City confidential.
I'm medicin' just.
Oh, wait.
What's not fun about rounding up scumbags and tackling them to the ground?
I'm in front.
Oh, it's a jump for George.
You know, Plum for Guy.
It's that trombone, baby.
Is that what it is?
Let's see.
The first 48.
I guess it's not on tonight.
But they have like four episodes side by each back.
I don't know what it's on, but I'll confess.
If I'm flipping, I'll see what it is.
Oh, the bounty hunter?
Oh, that's a serif.
Oh, my God.
The fact that you would watch that, it just makes me want to look at it.
It's high comedy.
Wow.
I think it's a kind of high comedy.
It is okay.
Hi, I thought he was.
Jeff High comedy.
But it's funny.
Is that?
Anyway, they're all over this jambanega.
I like to think I'm a Joyce.
Man, oh man.
They're just all over it.
But this verse out what I've been telling you for years.
Oh, look at it.
I just turned to Emma.
I'm going to be seeing it away from it.
Oh, yeah.
There's no stretch.
And I understand the need to act because of exigen circumstances.
But I think there are steps that you can take.
This is not human.
In fact, I'm positive.
What was the guy's name in that sci-fi movie that came from outer space
or whatever it was?
Which one?
There were several like that.
You know the one I'm talking about where they were all chasing after him after the spaceship.
Oh, yeah.
What was his name with the real funny shaped head?
Oh, Claude Reigns.
No, not Claude Reigns.
We were talking about this a few weeks ago.
Michael Renny.
Michael Renny, who definitely looks like he could have been on the ship.
And this guy looks like a smaller, wimpier version of Michael Renny, like somebody shrunk him,
like in the clothes dryer.
Just the czar.
Well, anyway, just in case you missed it.
You all had a apology just like Robert Dubal said and got a father too.
Remember that?
To who?
My client's own apology senator.
Don't you remember?
I apologize.
Right.
My Frankie Pantangely was on there, but I'm even, but I'm about, I didn't know no God
father.
Dick Cheney, malignancy on the American polity writes the old sign in the Portland press
herald.
That Dick Cheney says the darnest things.
Armed with insider info that the British were about to bust up a tear of plot, Cheney
left the defense senator to Jew Lieberman Democratic-Canadacate and a rare conference called
with reporters.
Those who voted for Lieberman's challenger were giving al-Qaeda types aid in comfort,
Cheney said.
The White House and Republican National Committee Chair Ken Melman quickly moved in
lockstep to claim that the entire Democratic Party shared the voters of rest of Connecticut
primary voters who gave nettle amount of close victory.
He had a White House aid later insisted that neither Cheney nor anybody else was trying
to exploit the British success for part as an advantage.
Right.
If it walks like a scum and waves its fanny in the year before spring, stink, it's a scum.
Even if it goes by the title of Vice President.
The Bush administration has routinely designated Cheney to attack its perceived enemies
and rarely does the main disappoint.
By this, but this time, the once respectable congressman from Wyoming has sunk to a new
low, not that a stounding acts of political coups bar for interior for Cheney.
Recall that the former Halliburton CEO attached himself to the Bush candidacy as an adviser
vetting potential vice presidential candidates before anointing himself to the post.
Since then, Cheney has relentlessly tried to expand the power of the presidency using questionable
theories of constitutional power and an attempt to relegate Congress in the course to the
sideline.
Fortunately, the West Supreme Court in Hamden versus Rumsfeld reviewed the plotters in
Cheney's ambit.
Even if Cheney's gang hasn't figured out a way around Hamden yet, they sure know how
to perfume the air in campaign season.
I guess they stick their fanny up the ear and blow the trombone.
There's absolutely no reason for any thinking person to be competent that the West is any
safer than it was on September 10, 2001.
The preemptive strike on Iraq and the abject even criminal failure to plan for that
country's stability has turned Iraq into a global recruiting center for Islamic terrorists.
Into the regional power vacuum has stepped Iran, which is encouraging Iraqi Shi'i death
squads, hisvola, Hamas, and anyone else who can divert American attention from the Iranian
march toward nuclear weapons capability.
Lest we forget, the Middle East instability on court by our bungalow in Iraq has added
a significant risk premium to each barrel of oil, helping the mollusent hurting ordinary
Americans.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those old gas prices.
You forgot that today.
Meanwhile, five years after 9-11, the administration and its enablers have failed the past meaningful
legislation to protect our ports or our vulnerable chemical plants.
They've neglected to push for bond detectors able to sniff out the kind of liquid explosives
that identified as part of a 1995 al-Qaeda plot to bomb airliners over the Pacific.
And they've decided that the Constitution should not apply to the presence along as we're
engaged in the so-called war on terror.
You'd almost think that they're hoping for another attack before November to completely
frighten voters out of their sensibilities, but they've done a fine job putting taxes
for the wealthy haven't they?
One can only hope that Americans will finally reject this remarkably shameless
civilization of the war.
There's some evidence that even the most partisan Republicans now perceive the rapidity
of the false choice between state of course and cut and run.
Exhibit A, RNC Chair Melmond Testero of the administration's new catchphrase, Adapt
to Win, during a Sunday appearance on Meet the Press.
Except that according to those on the ground in Iraq or not tied at the brain of the administration's
failed approach, U.S. leaders irrationally rosy views are preventing the military from
either adapting or winning.
I think that the greatest problem that we deal beside the insurgents in militia is that
our leadership has no real comprehension of the ground truth and unidentified military
officers who will report a time lapse of the McClatchy newspapers.
Many have been surprised at what I have to say, but I suspect that in the end nothing
will be will or has changed.
How many more Americans and Iraqis are going to die because of this administration's
hubris?
Don't think about that.
Think about the defeat of crats.
Yes, it's all the Democrats fault.
Tinney wants you to believe that they're all against the war.
Actually, a good number of Democrats supported the war, just not the abominable immoral hash
that Bush, Tinney, Rumsfeld, all have made of it.
But God forbid any of us question them.
God forbid, baby.
Otherwise you're going to get, you're just going to kind of disappear a few years.
Remember to be seen again.
Guess what they're talking about on CNN?
Well, that guy.
Let me turn over.
Guess what they're talking about on MSNBC?
He's on the day.
And that's it.
Now, let me see if CBC has a sumptuous level.
If they're still like in bro, let me see if the CBC.
That he used to tell you about here at home convective.
Oh, we had a different sex event here with more.
Will not face any additional charges.
Well, I ask you, at least we got a different child monster who abducted two little boys,
spreading around a little bit.
And what about the BBC?
You think they're all over Jambanay right now?
No.
That's in day 1996.
And Jambanay's distraught mother.
Oh, let's believe it's right.
It's right.
It's right.
It's disappearance from that home in Boulder, Colorado.
The years of parents, John and Patsy.
Face persistent accusations that they were somehow involved.
Did you kill your daughter?
No, I did not kill my daughter.
Yeah.
God, who wants to close to the Ramsey family?
Will I be taken to Colorado to face charges of murder, kidnapping and child murder?
And over here, he lived in Kanye's, Georgia, very close to the Ramsey family.
Kanye's, which I guess is in Atlanta, suburb is added, bunch of Yahoo's.
Okay.
Where the Virgin Mary, just not that many years ago, in fact, you can probably Google Kanye's
and we can get that story and we'll do it during the break.
Virgin Mary was hanging out on the side of the bank building so that everybody would get
turned on to Jesus.
When you think?
Always works.
Now, if she really wants to get the crowds, how come she don't put it like the neighborhood
McDonald's or Kentucky fraud?
Well, like God, she works in this serious way.
Is that what it is?
And that overpass in Chicago, man, that was the best.
It was water spots.
Mm-hmm.
Or was that water sports?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.162.
Holly Pop, little boy.
Thank you.
Thanks so much.
Thank you.
It's a pleasure to speak to you.
As you all know, I'm a huge fan of college athletics.
And the NCAA is a terrific organization.
That's the best thing.
Well, students learn as much in competition as they do in the classroom.
Mr. President.
Excuse me.
What is it, Carl?
This is the NAACP, not the NCAA.
Huh?
You mean to tell me that all these people ain't basketball players?
Oh, I mean, George Bush doesn't care about black people.
You know, when he went and spoke to the NAACP a few weeks ago, it would never be like
Hitler going and speaking to a meeting of a Hadassa.
Yeah.
And just, oh, there he is again.
We must also prepare for the impact of the baby boomer generations' retirement.
But what does that have to do with John Bonet for crying out loud?
At least get this guy up to speed, will you?
Next thing, you know, have you read my pet goat again?
Well, anyway, I did my homework during the break.
I googled the Congress, Georgia, and the Virgin Mary.
Yeah.
Got a whole bunch of good stuff.
Good.
I don't know what the year this one, the good news is, though,
since it's only August 17th, October 13th.
That's the big day.
Tuesday, October 13th was the day of this.
Kanye is Georgia.
More than 100,000 pilgrims were converging on a rustic farm in Georgia Tuesday to await
what they believe will be.
A final message from the Virgin Mary.
I think this was 98.
The faithful began gathering over the weekend at the farmer, former nurse Nancy Fowler.
She's kind of like the Rosalopeas of Kanye's.
I say, remember Rosalopeas and Olym?
Oh, yeah.
Virgin Mary kept shown up on her tootina's pizza.
And then, of course, don't forget that toasted cheese sandwich.
The faithful began gathering over the weekend at the farmer, former nurse Nancy Fowler's
relayed messages.
She says are from the Virgin Mary over the past seven years.
The farmer's located on the hillside terrain, 35 miles east of Atlanta.
See, I told you.
I know my Atlanta suburb is, baby, not.
The annual event, which is not sanctioned by the local Roman Catholic hierarchy, drew
30,000 believers last year, but the Rockdale County Sheriff's Department estimated between
a hundred thousand and 150,000 people will turn out this year.
You're never going to guess who one of the Getskies was who stuck to Kanye's Georgia.
I'm not going to use the full name on here.
Go ahead.
They were my doctor, Dr. Martin.
Oh, no.
His wife.
Oh, boy.
His ex-wife.
Ah.
Well, the time he told me about it, they were still married, but then later on, she became
his ex-wife.
I say so.
So when you stop to think about this, I kind of put two and two together and get 87,
or 86 in her case.
Fowler 47 is told the faithful.
This will be the last message the Virgin Mary will issue through her to the public.
Fowler says she's received hundreds of private messages from the Virgin Mary in Jesus since
1983.
Private messages like things like that, like whispering in a rear.
I understand from our lady that next year will be the last, or for, although before each
message, there's like a little trumpet sound.
I understand from our lady that next year will be the last of her public messages followed
until programs last year.
As mother said, my life will continue, but the public messages will come to an end.
Many Catholic leaders in the region have distanced themselves from Fowler's claims.
Archbishop James Lich wrote to precinct he doubted the authenticity of Fowler's apparitions
and urged them to discourage visits to the farm.
Rockdale County authorities have also expressed concern about the influx of visitors in the
largely rural county with a population of just 60,000.
The whole county is only 60,000, and yet they were given up to 150,000 in there to hear
the message from the Virgin Mary.
There was also a place up in Round Tallahassee, someone to panhandle where we had one of
these.
What was that?
Do you remember?
I do.
I think it might have been the tamper area or something.
I think that was the one on the side of the bank room.
That was.
It was near St.P.
Which was just the soap film from when they put a, they had a Christmas film.
No, it was not.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
You idiot.
You hid in Bastard.
You're going to rot in hell.
Soap film, I asked.
Oh, go get a brush.
Just use a white angle lens.
In 91, the county health department asked for the post-signs warning pilgrims about
the water from a well under property.
The well which the founder said, Jesus blessed in an appearance to her, tested positive
for coliform bacteria.
A lot of that's a Jesus stuck it in there, you know, because you know what they say, as
you said moments ago, he works in mysterious ways.
That's right.
In 1992, the county asked for the help to regulate the flow of vehicles entering and
leaving the farm after a traffic jam prevented emergency workers from reaching an elderly
woman with heart problems.
You would have thought that if the Virgin Mary or Jesus were there, they wouldn't have
to worry about getting some emergency worker in there, right?
He could have just waved his little pinky.
Just like this, this guy that says he killed John Bonet.
Man, can you see him waving his little pinky?
Probably they have under flight.
What a willow the whisper that thing is.
I'm telling you, it's the thing.
All of these things.
Although the thing though was a snappier dresser with that old tweed jacket, you know,
there'd been, oh yeah, the very wide short tie and that little boy baseball hat that
was in the white pilot school.
Wow.
I know if I was going to go audition for a job, I'd sure dress up in an outfit like that
if you were a middle rejecter.
In 1993, the Atlanta Constitution seized the county's rent and declare large crowds
of the Parmipullic nuisance, much of heath and bastards.
The complaint failed to deter the public however in November that your 80,000 people showed
up the largest gathering so far.
You know, this is peak my curiosity, speaking of Atlanta suburbs.
And we've discussed this before.
Oh, you know, one of the songs that I got on that iPod thanks to you by the way which
you don't even probably know that you put it on there.
Dueling banjos.
Oh, you're right.
It was a hit, I understand.
It wasn't hit.
And it's great.
And of course it's so ridiculous.
What's such a great movie?
Aintry Racecourse.
Oh, I guess I'm going to put Georgia on there.
I don't even know is there such a place?
Is what?
Aintry Racecourse?
No.
Georgia?
Aintry.
No, I don't think there is.
Aintry.
I don't remember.
Don't go to Aintry.
Oh, sure you got to go somewhere, don't it?
Nervous laugh.
Let's see.
Oh, Aintry?
Alphoretta, Georgia, Matt Quest.
Matt, one of 15 Aintry.
I don't know what that means.
And I heard the Matt just came up from Matt Quest and it was a star.
Although it looks like it's a five-pointed star, not the right kind.
How do you like that?
So I guess there is this Aintry something.
It's right here.
Walbro here.
I typed it in and all I got was lines from deliverance.
This river don't go to Aintry.
Get out of here.
I'm telling you.
Aintry, I got all kinds of stuff here.
I don't think you're spelling it the same way.
A-I-N-T-R-E-E.
Aintry.
Well, in the movie it's Aintry Court, Alphoretta, Georgia, and it was Stree, Malphoretta,
Georgia.
In the movie it's spelled A-N-T-R-E.
Aintry.
Oh, Aintry?
It's just that the red next keeps saying it.
No, it's not spelled that way.
That's the way the red, the Yahoo was pronounced and he was called an Aintry.
Aintry?
Because when he was asking them where they were going they all said Aintry, not Aintry.
And the script from the movie came up.
It magic the script in the movie.
The kid was sitting an Aintry.
Yeah, he was sitting there.
He was playing a band here with a retard.
He was up in Aintry with the beeslees.
Oh, it's big in a Yahoo's man and this kind of stuff.
Carstburg, West Virginia.
You know, when you're stopping trying to think and I've printed it so many times, it's
very sad because I guess it's a young person growing up, I kind of thought, I don't know,
there was like the deep south and then it was like more civilized people.
Maybe once upon a time that was dry down at the.
Because look on the map, the West Virginia is sitting right there just right next to Pennsylvania,
you know, and you think of like red, nice and deep south when you think of Pennsylvania
to you.
Not generally, but West Virginia, you bet.
Carstburg, West Virginia, although they do have weaving downs.
I wonder if Eddie Davis is over during there.
I'm sure he has.
The Harrison County and of course, Eddie Davis, Jr.
The Harrison County Board of Education said Tuesday that it'll fight civil liberties groups
efforts to remove a painting of Jesus Christ at Bridgeport High School, which is not too
far from Aintry.
The board vowed earlier, is that the whole thing?
Yeah.
Oh, let's hear some of this.
This is, this is sweet.
Man, this is great.
I didn't, I didn't long, you know.
I know, the beddies are, let's hear the whole thing.
Well, this isn't a bed.
No, they're between.
It is a song if it doesn't have singing.
Yeah, it's instrumental.
Schmuck.
It takes forever to get going.
Final.
But as you know, I just turned it the other day, but it's worth, once it does.
And see, you got to conjure up here in mind.
John Void is doing this duet with his reading.
Right.
With a band rope in the three.
And of course, that's what makes it even so much more ridiculous, is that all of a sudden
this retard is like this brilliant musician, my way.
Maybe he was an idiot, Savon.
And then like Savon.
That's the only thing you could do.
I heard he was a very good driver.
Why is it dueling banjo's when it's one banjo and one guitar, though?
That's what Donald Brammer's saying.
He's a very good driver.
I'm gonna get my moonshine jug, all right?
Here we go.
Oh, right.
That's what you call your country, for me.
And banjo, too.
Yaaaah!
Yeah!
ZB's
We're preparing to get the net!
by civil liberties groups efforts to remove a painting of Jesus at Bridgeport High School.
The board bought earlier not to spend public money defending itself, but had given outside
interest a two-day deadline to raise at least 150 grand for a defense bond.
That goal was surpassed, board member Mike Queen said after the board met in private.
The board is moving forward, Queen told a cheering audience of about 50 people, many of whom
more white T-shirts than red, you can't take our Jesus down.
I feel proud to be a West Virginia and an American today because of what these people
that are here said actor, Maf Nutter, who had the fundraising Maf Nutter.
They said that would not be pushed out of their own porch.
Americans united for separation of church and state and the West Virginia ACLU, Sudden
Federal Court in June, saying the painting, head of Christ, sends the message that the
school endorses Christianity as its official religion, the painting which depicts Jesus
and Sepia tones on a large canvas and hangs out what can Brown do for you, is that Sepia
or Sepia?
You choose.
On a large canvas and hangs outside the principal's office has been at the school for 37 years,
a guidance council left it behind upon retirement.
Residents at the meeting said the issue was unified the community.
It was just a matter of time that someone came along and tried to take away our freedom
of sanity, Korea, and 1985 Bridge Board high graduate.
Barry Lynn, executive director of Washington, DC, based Americans united for separate
and church and state said the decision to fight the laws who could be expensive or
to the defense, I think they have no chance of convincing a court that a portrait of
Jesus in high school doesn't promote Christianity.
While he was Jewish for Christ's sakes, oops, 129 a.k.a.
him lobster fest is back every weekend, man every Friday through Sunday at the Emmer
Coast.
Why not this weekend take the whole gang to the best Chinese buffet anywhere in the
neck of the woods you are?
Three locations for it.
There's an Emmer Coast in sunrise, Pembroke Pines in sunny Al's Beach.
Over 100 different items on them and you in fact you might want to try them all, especially
if you're a real gluten for punishment.
Start out with six gourmet soups.
Then go for a New York steak.
Juicy and delicious grilled or order just the way you love it.
They've got your hand card, prime rib.
There's a sushi bar, all the traditional Asian dishes, jidians of them, as well as a salad
bar and even a steel bar.
So much food waiting for you at the Emmer Coast, you won't know what to dive in next.
And of course during the week their dessert bar is really special, but on the weekends
even more so because on the weekends the 40 inch chocolate fountain will make you
do all over your dungaries as you hand it to your strawberry, marshmallow, cheesecake,
another decadent treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert.
A perfect ending to a major pig out of the Emmer Coast and don't forget you'll never
walk out of there with a pounding headache or a sweat because they don't use any M.S.
D. your cornstarchs.
They don't use any crap and they're cooking only healthy cholesterol, free cannibal oil.
Everything is delicious and good for you too.
So bring the whole family to the Emmer Coast for reservations call 9-5-4-572-3822.
9-5-4-572-3822 and don't forget this weekend and every Friday through Sunday
it's a lobster fest waiting for you at the Emmer Coast Chinese buffet.
This is Neil Rogers, what's all it makes is 5.62-8.
Sitting at home, I can make a day when I started this.
That's not the one I was going to play.
Yeah, terrible.
Oh, here it is.
So why are you on?
I'll be there for you.
You know Neil's a rich rich, he told the burden, but I told him any, any told him mother.
Tell him, rather to don't stop me talk.
I'm gonna tell everything I know.
I know.
The station that delivers presets and live a deliverance weekend.
Oh, weekend live.
You can qualify by winning video presets of the movie delivery.
What is it, you're a fan?
We choir the tune listen to the radio all weekend live.
Don't say anything.
It's true.
The grand prize winner will be flown to a dope in Georgia for a canoe trip for two down the cajuro washy river
in the hooting of accommodations in mutable entries.
That is you just dropped in.
I just think a lot of it.
Look, man, it's looking like simply you just can't crawl every time you hear Ned May, he's going to like that.
That's me.
The deliverance weekend.
Oh, weekend live.
The full most station that hits you.
Oh, I see you.
You 95.
24-till-two that corn churros special away in it.
We are going to make 13-hour votes.
I'm not going to come back on Tuesday.
All right, that's good.
We got 1290 right now.
1290 WGVA, Geneva, New York, I believe.
I think that was the frequency for WGVA.
Not exciting.
Man, what a memory.
What an unbelievable memory.
Scary.
Now, Lisa in homestead says, on a fact, as anyone thought that this guy maybe in Bangkok is confessing the cron,
just to get himself out of jail in Thailand, where he surely would be executed for whatever is ex-crime he committed there.
Something smells fishy here, so is Lisa.
Well, yeah, I would agree something smells fishy, but he wasn't in jail.
Do we know that?
Yeah, he was living in some dine here, what I was, you weren't paying attention before.
You don't want supposed to be hanging on every word in these stupid stories.
He was living at that place.
Do I have to go through and find that again?
Oh, no, you don't have to.
Is there some kind of resort where they have, like, a pedophile, a pedophile's delight resort, kind of, I say.
That kind of a joint.
What do you think Americans go to Thailand for?
Types.
Silk suits?
Yeah.
Rod Roddy used to go there, and now he's dead.
Good, some young guy.
Some young guy, and some young gal.
That's what they go there for.
God.
I'm telling you one thing, though.
I look at this guy, and of course there's no other story.
There's nothing else going on in the world right now.
Make no mistake.
And one word keeps coming to mind every time I see him on there.
Faaaaming!
You know what they say about takes one to no one?
Mm-hmm.
This guy is a screamer.
Screamer.
But anyway, never do I.
Moving along.
I don't want to like Varghia down with the...
In June, she died of ovarian cancer, but not before learning that bolder...
I think she was just a patty.
Oh.
Hope we have cultivation in Afghanistan just to show you what a fabulous job the Bush administration is doing
in finishing up all these travel spots in the world.
Opium cultivation in Afghanistan is at record levels up by more than 40% from last year.
This great.
Hundreds of millions in counter-narcotics money Western officials have told the A&P.
The increase could have serious repercussions for an already grave security situation
with drug lords joining the Taliban-led fight against Afghan and international forces, eh?
Which is why there's so many more dead Canadian soldiers.
A Western anti-narcotics official in Kabul said about 370,000 acres
plus of opium poppy was cultivated this season up from 257,000 acres last year.
And of course, it's still only August.
Said in their preliminary crop or crop projections.
The previous record was 323,700 acres in 2004,
according to the UN Office on drugs and crime.
It's a significant increase from last year.
Unfortunately, it is a record year said a senior US government official based in Kabul
who, like the other Western officials, would speak only on condition of anonymity
because he values his life.
Final figures in an estimate of the year the opium rosin from the poppies will be clear only when...
Do you ever play the violin?
No, but...
Never saw the rosin they have to have a shimmer of the bow with.
I have.
Rosin up your bow.
Play that fiddle hard.
Yeah.
What do you do it on?
Will be clear only when the wait agency completes its assessment of the crop based on satellite imagery and ground surveys
and report is due next month.
This year's preliminary findings indicate a failure in attempts to eradicate poppy cultivation and continuing corruption
among provincial officials and police.
Problems acknowledged by President Hamid Amestouj Karzai, a unicale stooge.
Karzai told Fortune Magazine in a recent interview that lots of people as administration profited from the narcotics trade
like his brother by the way, and that he had underestimated the difficulty of eradicating opium production.
Right.
Now what they have is a narcoeconomy.
If they don't get corruption sorted on it, they can slip into being a narco state-US official warned.
Opium cultivation has surged since the Austria-The-Taliban leak 2001.
The former regime reinforced an effective ban on poppy growing by threatening the jail farmers, especially after Colin Pahler run it over there with a 27 million dollars as a reward to eradicate the poppy growing.
Remember that?
Oh yeah.
May of 2001.
And we got rewarded four months later with about a being on the 9-11, 27 million.
What are how much of that 27 million went to those 19 slime balls?
Or whatever word you were used before?
Bad people.
I think it started with bad.
We got 13 hundred votes yet or what?
This is 1294.
We'll get there.
We got 19 minutes to go.
1294.
Aren't you impressed?
Moderally.
I'm really impressed and I'm very deep-pressed that you admit to watching Dog the Bounty Hunter.
Everybody in the studio did.
Well, what does that mean?
You enjoy Josh watches that show too?
I've seen it.
Yeah.
Well, I think you ought to be pretty proud to be there with that guy Dog the Bounty Hunter.
He did.
Oh, it was a Hulk Hogan?
Yes.
Well, you know, if you look at that picture, it's like all blurry and black.
Well, you got to click on it, you know.
I don't want to click on it.
When you click on it, it makes it bigger.
Don't you know?
Yeah, that's what I heard.
That's what this guy in Thailand said.
142, in fact, they said that he's a little clikish or is it a little clannish.
Maybe that's an entry that a little clannish, you think?
A little bit.
An entry.
Now, what about the Kahulawasi River?
Is there such a place?
No, I'm not to look that up now.
Yeah, how are you going to spell that Kahulawasi River?
Oh, I just like it's her.
I just can't wait to see how you spell that.
When you spell an entry.
In fact, you know what I did?
I googled ANTRE and it says, did you mean an entry?
How do you like that?
Uh-huh.
Still, I got the script matching it.
Good for you.
18 to 2 a.k.m.
Curvestyvance will talk about important things like sports at two o'clock.
Get back to the sanctity of sports.
What do you know? I spelled it right.
And then at four.
Yeah, what do you got?
Apparently, it's a real river.
And raiding Kahulawasi River.
Oh, man, let's go on a canoe and trip.
You and Josh start, and I'll catch up with you.
I'll meet you up River and ANTRE.
It's not Florida for 28 years.
I've been using them for over 21 of those years.
There is no place in nobody like dry concepts.
When it comes to cleaning your carpets and making all the upholstery and drapery
and all the good stuff in your home looking just like brand new.
Nobody doesn't like dry concepts.
In fact, when you call these people, you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
And your carpets are going to stay cleaner longer, too, because there's no sticky residue left behind.
And your carpets will last longer, as well.
Over 50,000 satisfied customers know what I'm talking about.
The dry concepts is absolutely the best.
And don't forget, dry concepts also are the experts.
When it comes to water damage restoration, keep it in mind during hurricane season,
which still has a long way to go.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not days.
And dry concepts can get your home or business dry within 24 to 72 hours.
It's quite empty.
And don't forget, speaking of guarantees, they always give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start the job.
No tack ons, no disappointments, no bad surprises.
Just a stupidest unbeatable job every time.
And, dry concepts also got to stay the order way in the rug cleaning plant.
The only one in all of South Florida on site dedicated to keeping those expensive area rugs looking just like brand spank anew.
So do yourself a humongous favor and do what I've been doing for over 21 years now.
If you're in Dave Brower of the Palm Beach, it's called,
dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 ore on the Wicked Web.
Just log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8-10.
You've come to spend the witchy really driving,
you've put that big ground truck in the dirt.
Makes me smile when she says,
I'm here.
Hope that girl don't come today.
I hope it's a new drama.
Hey man.
I don't understand what you see in that guy.
You girls don't that he's so fine.
I tell you what, I let him hit it.
That's one thing I want to live it.
I did what I had but she ain't as fine now.
We're still tight round fans.
You feel this girl, I see pretty fly.
But bad to see, if that you let me drive.
You feel the boy, you are the night.
I know what I want for you to all the night.
You feel your scar, the search of peace.
I want to find out what brought you to me.
You feel the night, you found the bad.
You're not the bad, no one.
Hold on to me this thing, you're going to print out.
That would be really bad because I don't want to have to read offline.
Guess what it's about?
The story.
UPS?
No.
Somebody?
That's it.
Oh, okay.
Well, while we're waiting for that to percolate,
former Pittsburgh senior star Lynn Swan didn't put so much as a dent
in Governor Ed Rendell's lead among Pennsylvania voters over the past two months,
despite his stepped-up campaign in the race for governor.
And you know who was on with Chris Matthews last night?
The tout in the sky, tout in the Lynn Swan.
At Tom Ridge.
Oh.
Remember Tom Ridge with a victory in the adduct tape?
Rendell led Swan 54 to 34%.
Twenty-poly in the latest Quinnipiac University pull the registered voters.
A little change from a June poll that found it was 55 to 31.
Twenty-fold.
Now it's just 20.
The Democratic governor also writes strongest forward in his own party than the challenge.
81% of Democrats said they favored Rendell while 61% of Republicans said they were backing Swanee.
Swan could get a lift, let's see.
What's the date of the last night?
President Bush, I had a line-in-day fundraiser for the NFL Hall of Famer and Lancaster, the Hall of Flamer.
Is that going to make a difference?
No.
Lynn Swan, who now you kiddin' man?
Now here's the job in anything.
Not that we want to hear any more about that.
Team Murder case.
Two months after her mom's death.
Larry King Law.
Tonight.
What a surprise.
Larry King even is going to be talking probably with a panel.
Wouldn't it think of a panel?
With a panel.
Uh-huh.
Channel 9 legal, uh, Channel 9 news legal analyst in Denver.
Scott Robinson believes there are still too many questions about the suspect.
John Mark Carr.
To feel confident about conviction.
And by the way, there is no such place as the equivalent of Wassey River.
Okay.
What did your Google search tell you?
I love the page open.
Raven County, Georgia history.
Really?
How the hell come you found it and I didn't?
Maybe we're selling it different.
Why?
Maybe we're selling it differently.
No, I did not spell it differently because it even says River and the movie deliverance
in Yadda Yadda, but it doesn't say anything about being for real.
So it really is a Kahoola Wassey River?
I don't know.
Maybe this is the river that they represented as the Kahoola Wassey River.
What's all the zadmian?
In other words, they filmed the movie on this river and called it the Kahoola Wassey in the movie.
Do you understand what he's saying, John?
Yeah, you're not getting it.
In this particular case when you have an uncorroborated confession, I think it's good to be cynical and skeptical, Robinson said.
The suspect seems to be ducking questions about how his connection to the Ramsey family works.
How little girl came to be in the basement with him in the first place?
Yadda Yadda Yadda Yadda.
Robinson believes one thing is clear.
This is the biggest development in the case so far.
Wow.
Got him, I am pressed.
So anyway, yeah.
The actual river is the Kusawati River.
See, I told you there was no such a thing as the Kusawati River.
I see.
See, when you dig a little bit deeper, man, don't just look on the surface.
Dig a little bit deeper.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
How do you feel?
Like you're messed up.
That's right.
This is either the break we've all been waiting for or the biggest host that's ever been perpetrated in John Brunei Ramsey case.
The case that's headed share of wacky people involved in it, he said.
However, DNA evidence could make this an open and short case in a very short period of time.
If they can tie card to the Ramsey home where any of the physical evidence at the scene, the case is pretty much done and over.
He would be saying these days, you can get a presumptive DNA test done in a day if you have a, if you have good tissue.
And certainly the definitive result in a week.
So we'll know pretty soon if there's a DNA match.
The problem Robinson is concerned with is what happens at the DNA and evidence is inconclusive.
I think OJ has done it.
His father says this is a young man who became obsessed with the case and wrote about it for a college paper.
That sits the stage for a potential defense that Cardin commits the crime he's just obsessed with it.
With all the various issues with compromised evidence and crime scene have a major impact on the outcome of the case.
Robinson believes it may help the prosecution as much as could help the defense.
It's a sword that cuts both ways he said for those advocating his guilt perhaps that's why his DNA was not found at the scene.
Because the scene was hopelessly compromised in the first few moments in the investigation, which was bought so badly.
When asked if he believed the day of the arrest would ever arrive he responded with conviction never ever.
It's an extraordinary development, a development Robinson said.
What we're looking here is either the biggest break ever in a case or the biggest host since the young girl's body was found.
And by the way, she is still dead and Fidel well soon. Very, very soon.
How's that pull coming? 1315 votes man.
God. I can't believe it. It is shocking. What a development.
Which of these people places there are things to care about?
At least we could have put the Kahulawasi River on there but it's too late now.
Sure. American Idol 210 or we're going to put an entry.
Celebrity poker 184 those two seem to be leading the way. Britney Spears 167 boy how the mighty have fallen.
She's falling on it more than once. Lance bass 146. Hey Lance.
You're fairy. Religion 115.
John Bonet Ramsey 64 but that number I'm telling you that number is going to go down because they'll become immersed in this.
You'll see they become obsessed. I hate this pool only 62 4.7% to del 62.
He's dead. You hear about Captain Harris's flame. No, what about it? You don't want to know.
Mel, I'll start her with a possum there. She was playing possum on the internet.
Mel Gibson 53 Israel 48 Florida Panthers 40 all those Jewish hockey players.
Terror alerts 39 Shaq 32 Gerald Ford. You know how many he's got?
About 30 men.
Miami Dolphins 25 Florida Marlins 22 Iraq only 11 and politics.
So lament a tinkway.
This is Neil Ryan for Conto Cinco. Well, city street.
5cq.8.
Neil God.
DJ Jackson Nina Blackwood Martha Quinn.
Cindy Lafrey Project Poozoo and Berlin.
And Tony Bezos to pull minds to render red.
When we were children.
We used to love them.
And TV made the video starts.
Now no one knows who they are.
But they're living in their cars.
Now these days it's full of shows like T.R.L.
And if you ask me if TV is what the hell?
I wish they'd bring back their network in the whole town.
I love, I love, I love, I love, I love, I love, I love, I love, I really miss them.
And TV made the video starts.
But the careers didn't go far.
Some of them could play with cars.
Because wearing spandex was much less hard.
Those 80s and guns were bizarre.
Like what else we go then?
Just more.
Where are the videos?
And TV made the video starts.
And TV made the video starts.
And TV made the video starts.
Bye, bye, bye.
