All right, I'm blinded by the blight. That's a bad news this week. What happened now?
Wednesday, Marlon's baseball at 1250. Oh, yeah, I Thursday you buy basketball and if they win again
I'm Friday at noon. Yeah, go canes. Oh, right. I love those canes. You've got like a half a week off. Good
Well, you ought to be used to it. It isn't that four to six 30 scheme you had gone. That was two years ago
Well, around for a long time man. And for a long time four to six 30. Yep, two and a half hours
For about five million a year. That's pretty pretty lame. Not bad
No, I want to reinforce something. I want you to listen very carefully. If you ever listen anything
I said yeah, you listen very well the first time, but I want to reinforce it. Okay, you and Mr. Manditch take the money to the bank
Yeah, don't listen to anything that these people say don't
Don't be fooled by any of the people coming to you as a friend
We've got to sell out somebody has sold us down the river. Somebody it's gonna call me a two o'clock this afternoon
Which I told him don't call me anymore. We're still gonna call me a two JJ
JJ Joyce Jr. Joyce Jr. That's your protégé to argue about him. He's a sellout sold us down the river
What are you doing now? He's the P. Folger of Beasley Broadcasting. He and Joyce are one
You know, I mean by that they're joined at the hip. Yeah, oh, did you know that? I didn't know that well
I know that I'm telling you this very you know as a friend
Okay, I'm with you on that. Yeah, just continue plowing right ahead take the money
They want you to leave just a right me a check same with me anybody else write me the check full amount not a dime less
Have a great life new sales manager was in this morning Chris from the Carolina
I'm happy finally to be a drooling redneck from Caroline. It's not like good guy though
You're saying okay sounds like John Edward. Yeah, well, so did Joe Bell seem okay in the beginning
Little did we know
All talk and no action, baby a paper tiger
Good guy but no cloud when it doubt ain't got no cloud
See I just told you're something then we should all keep this in mind good lesson for all you folks out there
Never wish for something in life because you never know if I might come true
So all those people running around all Greg is leaving. That's gonna be really great now. Yeah, huh?
right
You ain't seeing nothing yet. So this is my last of the commentary on all these things because I'm just gonna go back to
Be in the lackey of the JJ crowd and just doing my job
You see crashed by the way crash I'm so and I was I never watched it
I never watched the Oscars or any of those award shows because just boars me to tears all these people so self-important
You know granted they provide a lot of entertainment some of them are very good
But they just sit around with us, you know all dressed to the hill and all were so important and we're so you know
It's just ridiculous, but I did watch a good part of it last night because there was nothing else on
And when crash right the very acid there when Nicholson came up there and crash got the best movie
I was so happy Nicholson looked a little shocked and they yeah, he looked he's is there anybody?
It doesn't like him really
Hucking that love him and also even Dustin Hoffman last night. I know what got into him. He's usually so dry, you know, so
so I don't know what the word is but just
Straight air is an arrow last night. He actually I made a few comments. He was pretty good. You know what they reminded me of
Well, they were standing there waiting for the music to start to cut them off
You know, it was it was kind of like Duff was sitting there, you know saying you've gone long enough. Yeah
You know that type of thing was like here
Waiting for you to cut you off. They didn't believe a few things. They must have been broadcasting on delay last night
Yeah, well, I think on the when the guys who did the Pimpsong came up
You know that I was so sad that I had to see that thing, you know, I shut it right off. I watched about 30 seconds of it
Shut the thing off and I came back if this is this is like a death wish for black America
You know, and it's just I don't know what they're thinking about you know, it's hard out there for a Pimps
What's the message?
No, no seriously, what is the message that it's like a death wish and I just keep being forced and this is what white America wants
This is what the establishment wants
This for black folks to continue being mirrored in like young all that stuff we saw in New Orleans
You know, it's how little conversation there is about that now about the fact that all these people living an
Object poverty and nobody gave a crap about them and now they're shluckin around the Houston and here in here trying to like stay alive
It's just pathetic
And nobody cares about those people because of all at least this crowd doesn't because they don't vote for this crowd that we got in there now these fascists
I
Never less I got the message from the song
What was the message it's tough being a Pimp I mean I'm working in radio 28 years. Yeah
Well, no, we're not Pimp's we're horrors. We at least I admit that we're horrors. We still sell our soul for a dime. Yep
Time to come and say oh you gotta do this for me. I don't know. Okay. Whatever you say, you know
I hate that particular company, but I'll do it for a time because you wind a lot just to get you out of the room
That's just technique by the way. There's wines and you can't stand anymore. Okay, whatever you say just please go away
They still hasn't go away. That's the point. Yeah
Man Jay Jay the new people's your and the timing couldn't be more perfect because David Ross
We had it first. You know how you like to break the stories on sports. Yeah, we break the stories on broadcasting
I heard you break the other day one of our spies a bit of our clear channel gave us the
Information that David Ross was leaving and sure enough that afternoon
It was on all the trades radio and records F. M. Q. B. They had the story David Ross the one of the real evil doors of the world a real real serious
He's 33 years of memories. He was saying we got him. We got his memo to the staff. I have that now today
He's out of the business ramp. He's out of the business. Well, I don't think he was ever really in the business
He's out of their face a clear channel. So maybe now Pete Volder can be the corporate head over there
He's you know, he stuck his way up that corporate ladder for years and years see it's the people
We were talking about this George and I the people you least expect
The little nebishes who there are the ones who suck their way up the corporate ladder like Pete Volder with
Guy Janet and then at Paxon and then little Andy Cald over W. I need you remember Andy Caldor was he out there?
I remember him little puss man the real little puss you got fired twice because he was a total
Nebish totally incompetent and then he just all of a sudden he started kissing the right asses in the Steve Nichol
But a beep but a boop and the next thing you know, he's assistant program director a little puss
You know one time in fact I brought my little dog. I brought tiny to work one day
I didn't know if you remember that story no and he was in the studio and he dropped a load
Well, he was very nervous, you know being around those people being in a radio station on a blame
And you can play about man. He's a Andy Cald step right in it
And so I think I think tiny was on to him long before the rest of us. I think it was a planned deal
No, at least my dog stay right in the studio. He didn't tear apart the AP machine and report the equipment apart like man
Is his kids? I mean those kids were a terror whatever happened by the way with man is his wife and the kids that we ever get an update on asked
I don't know
I think that's that's all blue over not no, I don't think it blew over but
That was it's a terrible story
Well, I mean it could be worse. I mean, they're still alive. They're still in one piece. Yeah, but
So yesterday I'm here in dinner and I must have chopped down on
Carrot or something some vets to something and
To hide just crumbled into like little pieces. Oh
Not the whole tooth, but just enough and but the tooth just a big chunk of it
So I got tomorrow morning and I'm going to dentist. Don't forget yours
That might also shorten my week a little bit. I don't know what time I'm gonna be back probably back on time
But we got music. Yeah
Music. Yeah, oh that's right. We don't want to play I got a night. We know
I'm playing because the JJ crowd might be upset. They might be offended. I gotta play it's hard out there for a pimple
I was just gonna suggest that yeah, no, we're not playing that you play it
When I go on music. Yeah, when you go on music you play all that
It's kind of a sports song. Yeah hip hop hop on his by the way Kirby Poggets in bad shape
Yeah, I know critical condition. Yep. See that yes
Now you don't think it's because he was short and real fat. I was left here. I don't know
It's awfully young. They've suffered a stroke by 44. Well, what do you mean he's awfully young?
I had my first stroke. How old was I when I had a stroke? Let's see what you're with that a bit about
89 90 that's 16 years ago. Yeah, I was like in my 40s. That's very young
Well when you're fat and out of shape and of course Kirby Puckett, there are a lot of these athletes
Who were in good shape or at least relatively speaking he was always fat
But they were good shape when during their playing days then they get out of shape and horrible things happen to him
You know he can run for a guy who was built the way he was yeah, he could run pretty well. Yeah
Not anymore though no
He's gonna be running anymore. I'm just talking about his good old plan or a fact the team said the twins immediately
Baseball as fans to keep him in the family in the box and prior it's all so he's in critical condition after having
Surgery for a stroke
Major stroke because you know you don't ordinarily have surgery after a story must it's a major stroke
Yeah, by the way, how's there we all sure on doing anybody here about him yet?
Nothing I think he's been dead for about two months
10 10 bullets and he's still alive. Yeah, I think that you know if we don't see any action on the home and talking in front in
Israel very soon with poor him coming up in a few days
I think that's it that's a give it away. David Halverstam should be making a delivery soon. Yeah
Well, you don't need it. I had a my
Don't bring the hopper any a humontized and okay, you're a good guy, but you're a murderer
I remember the one time he sent all that food over used to do it all the time. Yeah
The food pushers. We don't need all that food man
Stop it when I didn't start it when I was at Duke we
We had a dog we had two dogs in our fraternity
And one of them we called homontage really yeah, but don't you know that no idea what that was
Yeah, too many glauem in that place. Yeah, where is Duke in North Carolina? Durham North Carolina. Mm-hmm
I bet you were one of the very few Jews in that state no actually in the
Talk to them already been through the Harry golden thing. Yeah, I
Guess he's been dead a long time Harry golden
Yeah, and you know a guy that used to be on what the hell was his name? He was on jack par all the time. Oh
He was one of the funniest guys in history
Little Jewish guy wrote a whole bunch of books. I can't think of his name. That's gonna grab me. That's the cats
No, not cats Alexander King
Oh, yeah, Alexander King. Yeah, he was funny
He was you know, we know, but he was pretty funny when I was in school
You could smell the tobacco because the lucky strike factory was there
And then the whole city reeked from tobacco and I'll be damned
Was annoying kind of like when you walk out on a streets downtown here
It's there. It doesn't become tobacco. It's a race. There's no other people. No, that's not true at all. There are people smoking other things
Wafting through the air
They don't have to be quite as
paranoid about it here
Smoking a little the wacky weed. Yeah
No, it does not leak. It's beautiful. The sun is shining. It's gonna be like in the 50s here Friday and Saturday
58th or so Saturday sunny and 58. I think I'm going to New York Wednesday and oh you're lucky man
You you are going just in time. It's gonna be warming up all over the other beast. It's gonna be like spring. Yep
Yes, he was in the sixties this weekend and you want to tell you yesterday it was sunny and 40 now 40 may not sound
The honor Florida was one of the most beautiful days I've ever seen in my life. There was no wind and was just just phenomenal
God
You can't use to it you're your whole attitude changes as far as the climate
Yep, and of course when it gets to be 40 after the very short winter that we had here so far guys are walking around with no jacket on
You're like it like it was 80 it's just bizarre
There's your blood changes
That's what JJ said the old blood sucker
I'd be very careful when I saw him I'd walk very if I saw him in a hallway
I would take a circuit as root go the other direction. I think I'll go out on the ledge to get to the men's room climb around
It's very good idea excellent idea
I or even better not stick his ass out there on the ledge. You gotta be careful Ryan because he and the beast are in cohoots
Sold as right down the river. I don't think that's true anymore. If I were to beast
I'd be real nervous about that relationship. I think all previous relationships all bets are wrong
I think he's gonna turn on the beast. He'd turn on a dime
Hmm once they become one of those corporate book kisses man. Well, here's the new schedule now
Hurricanes were oh he didn't even give me the good news. Oh my god. I may I may just have to take about 50
60 grand out this week just to be able to lose all that money
No, sirs. I'm gonna have so much extra gambling time this week
1130 is the hurricane warm-up on Thursday
Hmm and
And if they win that game on Thursday
Guess who they play on Fridays picking a euro on the monkeys. Yeah
So they play Clemson is comes in any good? They can be Clemson. All right. Oh, let's go came
Let's go okay
And then if if they win a game then on Friday we also get out 1130 with the hurricane warm-up here that's George
So just heard it now you're gonna understand what it's like to bet on sports. No, you're betting time
I'm on Miami Thursday. I got news for it might cost me a lot of money
You're betting two and a half hours on I cost me a fortune the fact that I get all these early days on
What do you mean? No bonuses? No, I'm talking about yeah. Yeah. That's another good thing too. It really helped the radio
I would I'd forget about those bonuses if I were you right cold when the numbers came out on Friday
Told George forget about all future bonuses because you're not gonna see any
What's happening is that the
The makeup of the community is
Now reflected in every rating book
Increable. Yeah, no, there's nobody speak it English
Well, not only that not only did no English speakers get it in January the diaries
But also and of course it ties right in it's always the same thing when the Julio crowd gets all the diaries and the right
Winger so I would eat it very well with Russian the Schmidt-Mister and all like right wing craft
They did very very well again, and then of course everybody else in the tank
Except of course for the no-speeding lady and now we got that radio swave to Columbian stations. So I think you're right
I sure miss Latin America, you know what?
Not
That's a one thing you can talk about whatever you want and whether and everything else
But the fact is everybody here from the Chinese to the India people to the packy people to the Russian people
They all speak in English
Unlike in Montreal where if you don't speak French to give you like a dirty look and spit on you, but here everybody speak in English
Even even if they barely know any they still they know that that's that's the way it's done here
That's 10-13 already. Yeah, that's the first break. Good job today. Have it. What do you mean?
Abusing time. Oh
If we do if we I figured if we do one of these on Thursday meal
Yeah, I have to do a 45 minute show. I can say goodbye to the audience
I make say goodbye to the audience period one of these days soon depending on that conversation to two this afternoon
I just I just can't envision another three years with the J.J. crowd
I think I think 30th anniversary was a fitting point in time. I got plenty of cash stash to weigh. I'm just
This wander off into the hills of the very somewhere
Never know never to be seen again try a great day
Okay, you two and say hi to a J.J
Not I'm going out on the ledge now give my message for me
See you bye
You can go right into your spot because our audio balls down. All right
George Michael you were busted over the weekend for drug possession, right?
What kind of shape were you in
And what kind of drugs
The cops wanted to bring you down to the station. What did you say to them?
So innocence or guilty
Anything else you want to say
Uh, no thanks. I don't swing that way
Uh, thanks for the interview. Got to go
That's it weekend and that's us all I can't wait 10 15 at 5 60 WQ. I'm happy Monday. Boy we got a soft schedule this week to which we say all right
You betcha more money less work. Remember I told my dog that a long time ago more money less work
Didn't plan for him to take it so seriously
When you're shopping for shoes you know where to go by now and that's Brandy's and Pompato Beach make no mistake
Aboded telling that Brian Schmutz said you buy his a good guy and he's got the account now. Thank God for that
Brandy scares a humongous election of all the major brands rockport floor Shryme echo
Nofisto S.A.S. new balance and all the other top names and if Brandy's aren't even all the other
Folks that work there will make damn sure you get a perfect customized video favorite comfort shoe
You'll walk out there and style you won't be like uh walk in a sideways side saddle and if Brandy's whatever style
You like they got it your size gets guaranteed you but we'll bet Chris Jones life on it the new sales manager
Brandy specializing wide wits as well if you got a big fat wide one
And don't forget Brandy's will give that unbeatable combination all the time with special extra discounts every week for example like this week
It's a great time to buy a new balance again this week by what's him deal all great men's and women's new balance styles are
10 to 20 bucks extra off so be sure come into the store or visit their website
Brandy shoes dot com Brandy's at 1290 nor federal highway in Pompato Beach
Open daily Mondays who Saturday till nine every Sunday till five now. We're doing the rest of the break or we
Oh, we got nothing right now, sir
We got plenty nothing let's share it all right
Well, I got a lot of stuff
WQ I am hello
Get out of here go away
Uh fill latsman sends a uh thing
That was the whisperer by the way
Who I think missed my anniversary last Wednesday. They're the bad the whisperer didn't get it
And that would have been a very special. I guess he's making it for lost time
Uh, dear Neil and George was out of town for your 30th anniversary
But wanted to congratulate you and thank you for many years of terrific talk radio
Everywhere I go I always tell people you are the best in our business since the shame
You can't be heard everywhere regarding George keep up the great work and it's signed
Thanks, well good guy in PR and that he's doing very well listen to him every morning
And it actually says on here wlr in radio. Well, thanks a lot
You keep up your great work man keep telling it like it is or like they force you to tell it however you're doing it these days
So I guess Hank and I already covered the Kirby Pucket thing. He's in critical condition. He had a stroke yesterday
Uh, he was let's see his career was he helped lead the twins to two champions
Fifty-fourth career was cut short by glove coma and was stricken yesterday is Arizona home
Critical condition
He's at Scottsdale health care Osborne where he had surgery yesterday
Although it's late in the move to St Joseph what I well nobody knows where those places are
Ron Shapiro who was Pucket's agent said he'd been in contact with his family Sunday and said we are praying
For his recovery the doctor said that if he has good luck he'd be all right if he has good luck
Hmm when said a field or a Tory hunter set out ministers was exhibition him against the red socks after learning a Pucket stroke he was
He was illan
So what's the verdict now? We're gonna actually have the audio vault because I don't really I'm just palim right along
Maybe I'll go in the other room and I can play it out of there. Whatever you like whatever works for you as far with me
Here's the deal on our our 30th anniversary CD
As of this morning our total 11,585 7300 bucks of which is online. That's a good one pretty good on that online deal
Aren't we? Yes, we are you go right on your rangers calm and they get your
Commemorative t-shirt or CD or both all of the proceeds benefit abandoned per rescue
So we're way over the five grand that the beesleys put up and of course want back right away if not sooner
That's the J.J. mentality and the QM van will be at the grand opening of advanced auto parts today at 4380 southwards eighth street in Miami
Ky Ocho no less
See these and t-shirts to be available you can sign up to win a thousand dollar shopping spree at advanced auto parts because it's their grand opening
So be there or uh get screwed the van will be at the location from noon to two and it says I will call Josh with dollar amounts after every spot break to which we say
Good if we have any spot breaks because their balls down as well
Well whose vault is our fault is that here's the whole result from uh see I don't care. I just don't care
I'm so used to this by now. I just don't care if we have spots by it doesn't cost us any money. They were warned
You know who is warned they then the powers that be about the audio vault and how do you take her as it is?
By the way, you know, this is very this is so appropriate
Because here are new sales manager came in seems like a nice guy Chris Jones from North Carolina could go
Say they're cutting yourself. Huh same haircut as you. Oh, skinhead right
And uh this is his first official day on the job
In the spots we can't but this is a sales manager. We can't play the spots because our equipment is crap
But that it's just it's just typical, you know, and so if you wonder why we're always oh they're always bitching and moaning
Because that's just the way it is, you know, so it's a Mickey Mouse joint
In fact as soon as you open almost any door into building little voices
So that's a giving pretty good idea what kind of a place it is
What do you believe about 9 11 that's the poll we asked the question on Friday and for over the weekend
2253 votes and the Bushes allowed it to happen 942 votes 42%
Well, never know 536 sounds like an impeachable offensive not going to a federal prison to me
Well, never know 536 it was only alkyda 410 only 18% believe it was only alkyda
And I beg you I'd be see to watch those videos lose change in our website. You can get it right under the pool
You can click on the links there parts one and two
The neo cons were behind the two hundred and twelve. I hate this poll 64
Sodom who sang was involved 53 and the C.I. did it 36
That's your take
I'm gonna take it Ross's memo here
But it will be kind of boring to read the whole thing on ear because there's nothing revealing or interesting in here. It's just a
Kind of a thing and the thank you all for making me look so good now you never look good David
You always look like the same puts that you are okay in idiot
Clear channel my ass you destroyed one station after another you and the assassin senior we got assassins junior at our station
But he's got the assassin senior PD Volger
Distroying everything in their wake including people's lives careers people to work years and years and they killed suddenly her
You don't know that don't you yes? I do they killed them in conjunction with Dave Lamont my farting friend
God just unbelievable what they do to people but that's in each of this business
That's why when I said you don't get in this business. I'm not joking. It is the worst you never say that when it was actually okay
It's much worse than that. No
It wasn't actually ever okay, but it was certainly better than it is now
I okay. I said it when it was on the way down you could you could smell it
You know you could smell like a big gigantic nasty. Oh god like like when we used to do those appearances at the
At the swap shop or her those elephants in the sawdust and you put that stuff all day
It was like it's like the elephants had their own litter box, you know
Yeah, that's what it was like and we're sitting right that's right in front of us
I think that was pressed in hand
I think I think what happened to Preston is God's way of getting even with him for way did to me
Torturing me no knowing exactly what and of course there was lights those flood lights they had him right down in my face
Had a strange dream last night
Did you know for ever when one of those dreams had just you know you got how you go take a leak and you lay back down
You fall asleep in the beam the dream continue really to be continued was broadcasting a Toronto Montreal hockey game from a table
On the ice
Which I guess a little bit dangerous
Now just the engineer kept saying well gee you don't have your own headphones
Well, what kind of a broadcaster comes to bring his own head fire is just strange just aggravated
I think the message in it was just part of the aggravation from this business just getting to me again
How many times you've been both of witnessed my telling
Clarence do not call me here do not bother me do not disturb my life here at home just leave me alone
We have nothing to talk about how many times huh?
I don't know
30,000 and so what does he do the first thing he tells me this morning after the good news about those ball games
I'm gonna be called you to this afternoon. Is that okay? Can I call you to I got news for a clearance you can go ahead and call
I don't think you're gonna be pleased with a response. I don't think you and I have any common ground
On which to deal I think you and I are going in different directions
You want to suck your way up the corporate ladder go right ahead you want to be Joyce's boyfriend go right ahead
Whatever whatever makes you happy clearance
Look at this scary stuff somebody says just facts this in from Haiti
State bill proposes Christianity beam is there is official religion boy
See that's I want to tell you about the goi shing of a man. I told you this for a long time
Manzoor legislators in Jefferson city considered a bill that would name Christianity the state's official majority religion
Of course in total total
Confediction of the first amendment but nevertheless
House contort resolution 13 has its is pending this is a literature is pending in the state legislature
Many Missouri residents hadn't heard about the bill until last Thursday
Karen Arrows the of the anti-difimation league along with other watchdog groups began writing a letter
Related writing email campaign to stop the resolution the resolution would recognize a Christian God
Well, look at that talk about stealing that was the first it was the Jewish God now
The Christian God the one whose wrath is always waxing high
Have we're not protect minority religions, but protect the majority is right to express their religious beliefs
The resolution also recognizes that a greater power exists and only Christianity receives what the resolution calls justified recognition
In other words you uh, how do you uh, infidels out there talk about the Muslims man and the infidels
It's the same crap with a lamb save a crazy baby
State representative David Sator of Casville in southwestern Missouri sponsored the resolution
As we've used to talk about it on camera over the phone
Kmov tv also contacted governor matt blunts office to see where he stands on the resolution. He's still thinking about it
He has yet to respond
Oh my god all right, we're back. So you just want to do both breaks and one?
Are you are you are you are mine?
What is wrong with you? I can get a lot done makes more bacon. I don't want to make any more bacon
Oh, I could like look in the mirror at that chip tooth that I got to go get forget
Don't be wondering tomorrow. Where the hell is he because I'll be at the dentist. I'm sure I'll forget by that
I'll be back probably by ten or maybe not
In fact, you know something you'll never you have no way of knowing that's right
Maybe it might actually take me to noon for them to fix that mess up
fact, I just realized I got like 14 missing up there now. Oh, no, no, no, 130
So thank god that crash came through last time if you haven't seen crash man, you better get this
Now you can play them all I don't care what you do like I said before I don't care got that
Got it on your sleeve. I don't care
By the way, well the least everyone in other game just asking
26 after 10 at 560 WQM and beach Ford has gone mad
Magnus and March is going on right now in all this month at beach for they just missed having a record month last month
So they plan to break that record this month. They're gonna smash it and the record too
Right now extended camp Ford 150s. I was lower 249 bucks a month with
995 down plus fees with a proof credit in a 39 month lease
Magnus and march at beach for it mean you must be mad if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand on all
New and U.S. vehicles if you're not in the market for a new car
But you know somebody who has sent them into beach for because if they take delivery during the month of March
Beach Ford will send you 200 bucks just for sending them by that money comes from beach for its advertising budget
So it certainly isn't going to affect your friends price don't miss out on this once-year event beach for it
Magnus in March extended camp Ford 150 as low as 249 bucks a month
Discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and $200 just for referring a friend
Hurry on in say hi to Paul come that Neil sent you by and he'll give you a look like you never saw in your life
Hurry on in beach Ford two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163rd Street and wish this you highway
I'll guarantee you will love your beach Ford
Experience
Neil Roger
This is 560 QA
And then and there it goes again
All right, you just gave me a bum steer about that. I got you a little excited
I should have known you didn't give me the least bit excited
You got me like terrified that we're gonna like play six more minutes of spots there
Well look on the bright side we're gonna play zero minutes
So where they're six spots, but it only comes out the four minutes. It's okay. Oh, I see there's got some fence right 30s tens
Yeah, since when do we run tens?
Why see we got we got a whole bunch of tens in there. They look at that
When we start with that dollar a holler routine now the christ jones is here a dollar a holler anybody want by any spots?
No, I'm finding difficulty speaking today because of that dollar luckily it's a way in the back. It's like a more good
Well, like um, well, the certainty that they like got knocked out. Yeah, if they were crushed. Yeah, but they won't
Is it good? Huh? It'd be with one and that would be bad
But even so and of course your tongue which you I told you about biting my tongue last time I've had a bad couple of days orally
No comment. Yeah. Oh, sorry choice
Here's the poll now. Let's see it. Well, let me just start with this article
Let me know if you want to run a couple spots anytime. I will
Tom Cruise and fiance Katie home is one of the razzies we had the Oscars last night, but I like the razzies
For the most tiresome tabloid target, but it was Jenny McCarthy and her little scene dirty love
That's dominated the 26th annual worst film honors winning four or ten categories Saturday night including worst picture of the year
dirty love
I think that in picking dirty love though 99% of the public never heard of it
It really deserves the awards that golden raspberry award foundation headberry john Wilson after the awards held at the
400-seat ivar theater a converted old movie house located about a lonely block between sunset and Hollywood
Villamars and Hollywood I lobbied shamelessly for it. I really wanted that film to win. He said john Wilson
dirty love which is directed by McCarthy's ex-husband john asher also written by the former playboy playmate
concerns a photographer McCarthy trying to get back at her two-timing boyfriend after he breaks up with her
The film was earned just $58,000 and $16 at the box office
Was pulverized by critics upon its very limited relationship timber hopelessly and competent rotei Chicago sometimes roger ebert
excruciating the inept to the village voices mark hulking claims to the gutter like rat in the garbage of dribbling or times to hold it
claims to the gutter like a rat in garbage. It sounds like JJ
The bastard child that matter resulted from john had john
Bolero dirrick and tom freddy got fingered green spent the winter together hurting tending sheep on broke back mountain
said Wilson producing the film
The razzis also honored dirty love with trophies for the worst actress McCarthy worst director asher and worst screenplay McCarthy again
The razzis other wards went to rob Schneider for the worst actor for a duest big low European jiggleo
Hayden christians in worst supporting actor for star wars episode three revenge of the sif
Or the razzis presented said it star wars ii i
Paris hilton worst supporting actress for house of wax will feral and a cool kidman worst screen couple for rewitched and son of the mask for worth
Oh, you know who i really can't stand and i still can't stand anymore. So is Will Smith. Oh yeah, he was on there last night for about a minute
Trying to be funny
Boy, he's just I as soon as he starts speaking. Mm-hmm. I start getting angry
Some of the amazel at all films with eight nominations going into the wards which are traditionally held in ike before the Oscars
Well the Oscars went on last or the awards also
It says the number of the years high most high profile films fell to the ground like so many lawyers shot by dictating
The wards paid special tribute to anyone's mommy dearest with the audience yelling along with a clip of the film's most famous line
No wire hangers
And a variety of celebrities were not including hilton were in frequent flyer miles for the staying at her family's hotels in one hour increments
And cruis for him to suddenly propose in front of reporters on the ifo tower and jump up and down like the monkey
Curious George and Oprah one piece crouched there truly is some problem there will soon told the ap there
now
Now any spots? No. Oh, I'm just checking
I mean it's our new sales managers first day on the job
And obviously his job is becoming that much more difficult because we do have a few spots on log they will can't play because our equipment sucks
So our poll today is what was the worst movie of 2005?
I mean in fact anglia got the best director last night that let me just kind of limp and kind of set me up for assuming
Oh, that's gonna they're gonna give that to me and when crash god and I got out of yelling is shrye. Yes
Yes
There is a god
Just that bear-ass mounting just forget about it
And what is the big deal with that what's the guy again? I can't think even the name oh
He's legit yeah, there you go. What was the big deal a heat bar crunch?
Yeah, what was the worst movie of 2005 is our pool we got 599 votes and this is obviously pulled the audience isn't into that much
All of that Israeli air strike kills two islamic e-hod suspects. What are they gonna think on the air of street?
The worst movie of 2005 and this should tell you a lot about South Florida
Even me even I saw two of these
You know jocs did you see some of these any of them? Yeah, I voted for doom because that was the worst that I saw
George is obviously seen some of these maybe it's probably a few uh-huh
Didn't see any 133
See
dukes of hazard 85 I hate this 1252 so didn't see any and I hit this pull our first and third
War the world's 40
Bear-ass mounting 36 and rightfully so it should be higher be with 32 douche bigelow European jiggleow. What how many votes that's got
But third man
Get Richard guy try and 18 star wars three revenge of the Sith
Rearranges letters and joysticks very upset 13
Fantastic 410 house of wax 10 king Kong 10 doom 10
Harry Potter gobbled of fire 7 aeon flux aeon aeon
Whatever I say that yeah
I said I said five still five supercrossed the movie five. I thought that's what Jesus was on an Easter
The constant gardener for and I'm gonna tell you that should be moving up that list real fast
And the fact that that bitch got the best supporting actress whatever her name is last night for that that movie is so
bad
So I wish I could change my vote even bear-ass mounting was at least the sheep were pretty good
The constant gardener. Oh man
Electro 4 guess who for
I've ever trained about the time that the what's his name was sitting right next to me at we're by
Certain coming. Yes, are you coming?
When in light crazy him and his it was either his daughter or his young lady friend
Alone in the dark to hide and seek to into the blue to and no votes for my mirror which I don't know what that is
undiscovered nine songs and domino out of 605
A lot of bad movies in fact when you come right down to it. How many really great movies were there in the last year
To card out there for a director and a pin
That's just
It's just pathetic and if you could have been seeing me
You know who's in the audience. Well, they were all there. Yeah, all the pimps all the pimps on there
Including a what's his name with the
From crash. Yeah, I don't know the guys. No the rapper
Blue to Chris
He has a name
I don't know Chris something or other is it really yeah
See they're gonna Chris like I told you this morning
I'll say it on your Chris Rock was great Chris Rock is funny. He doesn't he doesn't come off is trying to be funny
He just opens his mouth and say funny. He's a funny guy all the time
But John Stewart is painfully I realized it like I said the other last week
And you're not supposed to say this anybody know they do a hundred will be pissed off
I'm not not in the daily show. It's a very funny show and it's the concept is great
But he has writers that write everything he says on that show
But when he tries to be spontaneous any other what it was on a king show last week or then last night
He's not funny and then of course he obviously wrote his own stuff right somebody right? He's not funny
And he comes off as trying very hard to be funny and he then makes it even worse
It was and then at the end did you see the end of it last night? I saw the end when they picked your kept going black
No, I just thought I was my cousin no and
And there obviously had some communication problems like do we come back now?
What's gonna happen they ran a spot kind of like us like maybe the sponsor working right maybe their audio vault wasn't working
ABC which I guess we can give this a try if you want go right ahead and in fact let me play the cue
All right, I
Natalie kidnapped
Drowned murder
Tonight is the very first time you're hearing an in-depth account from the main suspect
You're on vandersonals you were the last person to be with Natalie
And yes, it doesn't put you in a good position
Maybe it always time to go to the police and tell them exactly what happened are you ready to tell the truth?
Yeah, something happened to her
Did you harm Natalie Holloway? Yes a lot did you kill Natalie Holloway?
Yes, I did it
Natalie is gone. Why would you do that?
The sexual predator and
When drive time continues you remember the last time you saw her yeah the last time I saw her she was swimming with sharks
Like look at Brotsy she slipped to the fishes on you like that little refreshing honesty for a change
That's fabulous. Anyway 1042 with 560 WQ and let's take a look at that schedule
They we still I know who's on two to four no mo because we like the revolving dough and now that we got rid of mo
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, we got bow at two
Mad dog four to six thirty another another real joke two and a half hour show nice going mad dog less work more money
Keep it in mind take it right to the bank
Panther preview at six thirty the Panthers who are in a verge of being officially limited from the playoffs any day now
They like I got no shot Panthers at the Atlanta trash unit seven o'clock Eddie K after the hockey game
Any interest in those panther world? No
So 73 hundred bucks online total. That's not too impressive because we had 59 just looked it up
We had 59 and change on Friday. Yeah, so means we did 1340 bucks online over the weekend
Not too impressive if you ask me total 11,585
After pretty decent start the wall away around so don't forget the QM pan will be
Noon to two
Noon to two at the grand opening of advanced auto parts 4380 Southwest 8th Street and
Somebody can leave them son up to win a thousand dollar shopping spree of advanced auto parts
Got it got it. So let's go for at least a grand a day. What are you saying between noon until we should be able to do that?
Boister clear. Oh, you're gonna like this Doug Thompson the Rand now see. I'm kind of like I don't know what we're doing now
And they still three of us maybe we'll do another long break. I make your pardon. Maybe we'll do another long one right now
No, not right now at the end of the hour what the end of the hour was you're gonna save up all the stuff for oh not an eight minute break
Oh, I see there's like four
Five oh, yeah, we can do that
Before you say me I'll
Backtime the enough time send and then when we come back it'll be time to go home that
Doug Thompson writes on Capitol Frey Hill free of blue dot com
Bush declares war on freedom of the press. This is great
Just when you think you can't get any better remember that last one where you can't do serious dance
Doug Thompson writes using many of the questionable surveillance and monitoring techniques that brought both questions and
Criticism as administration
President George W Bush is launched to war against reporters who write stories un favourable to his action
That is planning to prosecute journalists to make examples of them in his war on terrorism
Well, by the way, it doesn't mention a great deal that the president made in India though. Noob's for mangoes man good deal
You know it's mousher if was a little a PO little porky there
And it stripped the Pakistan not too happy noob's for India and nothing for you remember in godfather three nothing for you
Oh
Bush recently directed attorney general Alberto Vio 5 and Zalas fuse whatever means you're disposal the wiretap follow
Horanson investigate journalists who have published stories about the administration's illegal use of warrantless wiretaps
Use of faulty intelligence and anything else he deems detrimental to the war on terror
That's the catch all the war on terror
Report us to the York Times which along with Capitol Hill Blue revealed use of national security agency
Demometer phone calls and emails of Americans say at the iAge and said interviewed them in criminal prosecutors
If the justice department admit that they're laying the groundwork for a grand jury that could lead to criminal charges
CIA director ported gas told congress recently that is my aim and is my hope they will witness a grand jury investigation
With reporters present being asked to reveal who is leaking this information. I believe the safety of this nation and the people
The country deserve nothing less
You like that portamisha gas as part of the investigation the justice department department of Homeland Security and the National Security Agency
are wiretapping reporters phones
Following journalists on a daily basis searching their homes and offices under a USA pay-true-deck provision that allows secret and underscores searches and pouring over financial and travel records of hundreds of Washington-based reporters
Spokesman for the justice department and Department of Homeland Security admit there are ongoing investigations regarding
publication of stories involving threats to national security but won't reveal what those investigations include
In addition to using the USA pay-true-deck to prying the lives of journalists the justice department is also listed off a pre-WW-1 law to prosecute people who received classified information
Although the law was aimed at military personnel not at civilians
This is the first administration I can remember including Nixon's that said we need to think about a law that would put journalists to
print national security things up in front of grand juries and put them in jail if they don't reveal their sources
So David Gurgon who served as president Reagan's director communication also worked in the Nixon and Ford White houses
Political scientist George Harley who worked in the Nixon administration says such use of federal law enforcement authority was illegal when Nixon tried it and still as illegal today
We're talking about a basic violation of the constitutional guarantee of a free press as well as a violation of the rights of privacy of American citizens
Harley said I had hoped we'd have learned our lessons from the Nixon era
sadly it appears we have not
In recent weeks the FBI issued hundreds of national security letters directly employers
Banks credit card companies libraries other entities to turn over records on reporters under the USA payp you deck
Those who must turn over the records are also prohibited from revealing they've done so to the subject of federal probes
These significance of this cannot be overstated since prominent u.k. litigator Glenn Greenwald in essence while the president sits in the White House
undisturbed after probably announcing that he's been breaking the law will continue to do so his slavish political point
He's at the justice department are using the man of law enforcement powers of the federal government to fight and criminally prosecute
Those who brought this illegal conduct to light
This land blight used to the forces of criminal prosecution to threaten whistleblowers and intimidate journalists are nothing more than the naked tactics of street thugs and authoritarian junta's
Just how widespread and uncontrolled as latest government assault has become hit close to home last week
When one of the FBI's national security letters arrived at the company that hosts service for this website capital Hill blue
The letter demanded traffic data payment records and other information about the website along with information on me the publisher
Now that's a problem. I own the company that hosts capital Hill blue
So in effect the feds want me to turn over information on myself and not tell myself that I'm doing it
You think they know better?
I turned the letter over to my lawyer and told him to send the following message to the feds f you strong letter to follow
Cute and a good
That's right you baby strong letter to follow
Doug Thompson capital if we had if we had like 20 million if we had a million people like him and America him and Michael Moore
We'd be okay. How if we had three and Ryan Philippe
I know you're really upset that he's married to Reese with his phone because she's a skank. Oh, no, I don't care
What you might be upset?
What do you mean I might be upset? What am I gonna do?
What are you talking about? Why am I upset? I'm doing pretty good. Why would I be upset? I don't care who he's having
The ugly saying you don't like her in that song. I don't like her so well. What do you got against her? She's ugly
Well
People in a Hollywood okay is that the only thing is that you like criteria in for huh?
No, that's not the only thing I think is the other part of
Very annoying she was doing last night
She went on and on and in fact you know something they finally cut her off good
Was it her that they cut off? Yeah, I saw that yeah, they cut her off and they faded once a commercial
I mean that pop up by and then the music came up and the way she went you know, like that was it
Rightly in the white show though by the way. Yeah
Few is going on and on and I even ran in Philippe look like he would and oh well
We should be home in bed. She said like a little like you know like they're really doing something. I sure hope not for his sake
He'd be doing better with those guys from bear ass mounting
What was the worst? Oh, there's technicals
Prank you just said
That woman in the orange dress almost lost her dress well. That would have been great. Oh, there's Ryan Philippe right there
Do you believe my psychic powers or what I am just I'm amazed at myself. Oh, Darenkagan. What do you make me do that?
What this is limbaugh? You always think we flip it on the sea. The right is the reason for this one deliberately as soon as she comes on
With a kid named Bob with his spoon. I liked him a lot. Yeah
652 votes. What was the worst movie in 2005? We just don't have a we better stop talking about movies like that one guy that called it
They all quit talking about movies. I don't like movies
I just never heard of such a thing only in South Florida. Can you find a retard like that?
Alumics you know what? Alumics is yes, I do
Alumics
The worst movie they didn't see any 220 that's 35% of you never saw one of last year's movies there's Ryan Philippe
And here's the man going oh, this is that good scene where he walks up. Oh, they're not gonna play the audio
No
What happened Tom? There he goes
What's his hand out shakes his hand. It says yeah, you think you know something now
Looks him in fact it looks to me like he's a little right up in the space you know what's that?
Too close for comfort anyway
35% of the people I saw it's never saw one last year's movies he didn't miss much
Crash you should see
Is there any other one that they should see? Well since city that that's not for you
What do you mean by that? It's got Mickey Rourken Bruce Willis and it's there's no chance that you'll see it
But it happened to be very good. Oh, I'm alright. It's a shoot-up movie. I watched a couple of John Revolta. Oh he was on your true
I mean a bookie looking he has really gotten strange
Strange are you mean stranger than ever looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in the back of his neck and blew up his head
About twice the size of it always big before he started to rival for the big head and the little dog Joe Rose
For the biggest head in town he was on for like two seconds though
Revolta. Yeah, thank God stay same with what's his name same with Will Smith
Well, he's just
You know, just lucky. I mean yeah, here's a guy that thinks he's great and you know in other words
He's gonna tell you God. I'm the most talented piece of crap. Yeah, he's just he got nothing
Didn't see any 220 a duxa has a 94 John Schneider's not too happy about that. I'm sure he's probably not too happy. They made that movie
Well, he sure was pretty. I hate this pool 58 world the world's 45 broke bear bag mounting 41
The witch 34
Well, we sure love Elizabeth Montgomery why she did I
Can't see right now. There was a guy she wouldn't be dead. That's right. I
Mean what what was not to like about her? That's just a great not next time that show the show is you know, okay
She's this great. Doose bigaloo European jiggle 34. That's douche bigaloo
Get Richard. I tried 21 star war 316
House of wax 11 King Kong 11 the fantastic 410 doom 10 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Schmidt 7
A on flux 7
Stealth 6 Electra 5 Supercross the movie 5 the constant guard or only 4. Well, that's because hopefully a lot
He didn't see it. Hopefully nobody saw it. I guess four people saw it
Guess who for alone in the dark to hide and seek to into the blue two domino one and the other ones got nothing
See look how many votes we got six six six
Wow
Right I guess before we do this long break we got time to do this from it's an editor. It's not long. Okay
Editorial from the yesterday Seattle Times heck of a job, mr. President
The Borsher administration is a substantial credibility problem things it says turn out not to be true again and again
Two troubling example it kind of like Joe Bell
Two troubling examples made the news last week. They illustrate a serious problem rooted in the combination political arrogance and competence and
Distained for the audience
Offered it seems the White House of the President himself offers the American public an incredulous shrug to punctuate the plea who could have known
In Iraq a virulent insurgency is killing civilians and American soldiers before the war
The Bush administration said US military will be greeted as liberators by grateful public almost three years of mayhem and chaos later
The White House blames the insurgency on the residue of Sodom Hussein's supporters and foreign terrorists who could have known
In 2003 the White House has repeatedly warned the insurgency had deep local roots in Kalidas civil war
Local conditions not foreign terrorists would fuel the flames the information was prepared by a committee a senior intelligence
A list of the request of the US military command as the insurgency gains strength what had President George W. Bush have to say bring along
A voice of the neo-conservative political movement who fired the imaginations of so many Bush political disciples
These the roots of the administration's arrogance in the collapse of the Soviet Union and communist satellites right in New York times Francis
Fukuyama observed
Oops
The overoptimism about post-war transitions to democracy helps explain the Bush administration's incomprehensible failure to plan adequately for the insurgency that emerged in Iraq
He said although they claimed they knew all along that a rec transition would be long and hard they were clearly taken by surprise
Not for a lack of good available information adequate warning this past week is New Orleans celebrated a ragged but determined Marty Grah the same scenario of information and denial was exposed
transcripts and the government video revealed the administration and the president were warned in advance about the pearls of Hurricane Katrina
The vulnerability of levies and the potential for catastrophe the president is not directly responsible for making sure that ice and cots are available
But he's accountable for the urgency of the response by his team
Before the storm hit he was told first hand about the dangers
So it is mystifying how he could stand before the American public four days later and declare that no one could have anticipated the levies being breached
Earlier a room full of people he presumably leads told him exactly that president pushes graded sales
But he can't deliver a product time after time
This is Neil Rogers
This sounds like
This is the Neil Rogers show
Any questions
And now the whole becomes our retirement
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Did you wet with all the legend
Oh
You've never had more beautiful to western D. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Jay Z
You're ready with the legend. Yeah, I want to talk y'all. I rest my case
Ha, that's the best
It's 1115-60 WDQ-AM happy Monday to him
It's hard out there for a
Don't forget noon to today the QM van will be the grand opening of advanced auto parts 4380 Southwest a3 to my mckaya Ocho, baby
That's our crowd admit sure something on
Of course not
What's the purpose on how far where are we going there for Christ sakes? This was a m ago explain these things to me because I asked that
Sales thing no, this was a range of way ahead of time the van had to be there and roll these on vacation
So we can't have two vans this week
Oh wait a minute, wait a minute. Josh do you understand what he just said to me? I do head
Huh, I do long before the campaign these were scheduled van appearances so the van's got to be there no matter what they might as well be selling the disflexed
What you're saying so in other words this isn't something they're doing for us
It's just if they happen to be there. Oh, I speak of that Josh. How do you do with wherever that place was barbecue?
I smoke a bonefish max with mad dog. Yeah, I got 80 bucks
Listen, I gotta go call my bank number. Check. I have to stop payment on
Well for what no, it's not your fault
Of course, it would have helped a little bit if we had been able to tell me where to hold a smoky Joe's a was
Smoky bar with the smoky Jones. What is it? Bonefish max. Bonefish max. See, we don't even know what talent in but by the way for the future
It's on sample and federal well good. Well, that's pretty weak 80 bucks
What's it? You know where a lot of people come by there. Yeah
It place was packed. There's a great location
But you know the four people hey, I will say the four people that came by nice people and they did listen from when I announced it from the show
Yeah, so now that's not our crowd. Oh, I guess we're not the smoky Jones
crowd
Okay, definitely not smoky bones. It doesn't even sound like bonefish max
It's got the board bowed in it. Oh god. Were you stopped? I'm gonna skip another tooth and you know cut the crap
It's hard actually leave that front or remember something
I just it dawns at me that that's a tooth
Already and that little piece of tooth that wasn't for real anyway. I have a once before right so my close personal friend doctor
Gary
Had put that on there so if anybody from his office listening thanks for the memories you guys are okay, but
I didn't last too long
First opportunity came along and they were went
This crumbled got a great dentist here though, and I'll be there tomorrow morning. Don't forget be there till probably about 145
US envoy hints it strikes a stop Iran as fast as I can
Now John Bolton we know is a crazy person first of all when you see a guy like that with a white handled bar mustache
You know you're doing with a crazy person. What what about Wilford Brimley? Like I said
Now what's either one that was gay was that him? Well for Brimley? No, that was the other guy. Well
What was that other old cowboy?
Oh
Will here grier. Well, that's the one really we're we're here gay. I had no idea there you go
I think it was put the whole new slam on Jeremiah Johnson the US Jeremiah's what the US ambassador to the when John Bolton who's a
certifiably crazy person
Has told Russian piece that military action could bring Iran's nuclear program to a halt if all the pymatic efforts fail
military action the morning came ahead of the meeting today at the iAeA
Which the Florida report on Iran's nuclear activities to the UN Security Council the council have to decide whether to impose sanctions
Initially, I could split the international community as policy toward our acted before the invasion
Yes, today condolese is said in between workouts
Nobody has said that we have to rush immediately the sanctions of some kind
However
They probably might be foreign affairs committee visiting Washington last week and countered sharply different views within the Bush administration
Just like Iraq again same old deal
The most hawkish view came from mr. Bolton a crazy person
According to Eric Ilzley a labor committee member the envoy told the MPs
They must know everything is on the table. They must understand what that means
We can get different points along that line
You only have to take out one part of their nuclear operation to take the whole thing down
When it doubt take it out when I'm bomb a grande baby the big one the big mushroom cloud
It is unusual for administration official to go into detail about possible military action to get action against Iran
To produce significant amounts of enriched uranium Iran would have to set up a self-sustaining cycle of processes
Mr. Bolton the period of me suggesting that cycle could be hit at its most vulnerable point
The CIA appears to be the most skeptical about a military solution in chairs the State Department's position
Stay British and peasants suggesting gradually stepping up pressure on a man before we start going off
Like lunatics in there, okay, but a being by the boom and like that like a big chainy
He was drunk by the way in case you missed that story last week
What was skunk that's why we had that long delay till the next morning with everybody could so block it their story straight
All of these all of these things
What
5 6 7 0 5 hey listen, I am so you for it and there's only one bad thing so far
I mean the we just started you know as we didn't even get to the beginning of the show beside the audio ball crashing
That's not unusual and then clearance comes in or JJ excuse me a Joyce junior
And regales me with the oh carcadia to what do you want what do you want for my life leave me alone
Leave me alone
Can I say I last week like a Greta Garbo? I want to be alone or whoever said them are leaning a deep trick one of those
Those of the dikes
Whoever it was just leave me alone. There's nothing we need to discuss. I don't need any verbal intercourse with Joyce or with her junior partner in crime
The U.S. Army will launch a criminal investigation to determine whether former NFL player Corporal Pat Tillman's 2004 death was from friendly fire in Afghanistan
Negligion homicide see first a lie about it right again. They said you have the ability got shot by the
Hey hero got shot by the Taliban man, but
Then we find out that it was a friendly fire and now they have an a criminal investigation
The terminal whether it was Negligion homicide
Well, I'm telling you see one thing that I will guarantee you there aren't too many guarantees in life
You know that crap about death and taxes. There is a third one
And that is that your government will lie to you like crazy whoever you work for they'll idea to your employer will
Lie to you like crazy, but the government will always lie
When in doubt they specialize out have no doubt
Oh no doubt they went anything of the Grammys that this year good you know who did that
Oh my god, it's so I mean, you know, that's that's one of the reasons that crash is so great
Yeah, because there's things that we all know that nobody that's not politically correct to say the way that people feel
And it's just just like so right out there for there it is very refreshing
Yeah, exactly especially in this day and age where everybody's all you know on pins and needles all the time right
The Pentegrin Inspector General directed the Army criminal investigation of the division to conduct the probe initial reports after his death said
Tillman 27 was shot and killed by Taliban forces during an ambush April 22, 2004
A later investigation found that follows soldiers shot Tillman thinking was part of enemy force firing at them
Maybe they just weren't NFL fans. Okay, we were like close. They didn't like his team
Was he on Arizona? I believe
He's
Hi, who I'm sorry I'm Pat Tillman. Yes. Yes, Arizona Cardinals. Yes. She is
Maybe more Cardinal fans course there are no Cardinal fans and who could just like a team to lose their game anyway like the Leafs
What do you happen about true?
Tillman's family demanded no why his uniform and body armor were burned today after he was killed
And why they were not immediately totally met even killed by fellow soldiers. Let me read that paragraph again
I hope they sue the freaking government for about a hundred million dollars and give me a couple made it
I'm not greedy. I just want a little just a little uh something. Just want to get my viquet
You know something
Tillman's family demanded no why his uniform and body armor were burned today after he was killed and why they were not
Immediately totally might have been killed by fellow soldiers his family was notified Friday about the investigation
So the Tillman family the fact that we've not had a hundred percent completion of all the things that need to be looked at is
Regrettable general Peter pace the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Hill reporters on Sunday general Peter pace
I wonder if he's got the trots
Second the fact that is the prior investigation have been reviewed in folks have found there are questions yet to be answered
Therefore the investigation is ongoing. I think it's a healthy thing
Not too healthy for Pat because he still did he's dead and crap
A 2005 report from Brigadier general Gary Jones contained sworn statements from soldiers involved in the incident
Who said they burned the items because they had taken pictures of the scene walked around and knew how Tillman had been killed
Initially Tillman's blood-covered uniform in armor were said to have been destroyed because they were considered a biohazard
right
Cover up the evidence baby. That's what it's all about Bernie evidence
That's what George does he burns it or flushes it down the turlip
I bird it
First many flushes the rest down the turlip when they're knocking on the door
Jones reports had the soldiers reason they knew in their heart of hearts what had happened
We're not going to lie about it. What were the things that located what your heart of hearts? Where does one find that right next to deliver?
I say we weren't thinking about proof or anything
After looking into the previous investigation that until I had one of the most stupid expressions
How you're in your heart a heart. I don't hate that that's why I hate I hate that's just the expression
I hate people who say it they need to be shot and the armor burned
After looking into the previous investigation to untilman's death of pentagon's inspector general determined the RV never
What never went through the process of conducting criminal probe
The investigation process will not necessarily result in any charges against you as soldiers
Two years before his death he walked away from a three point six million dollar contract with the NFL's Arizona cardinals
The servant and military was posthumously awarded a silver star
Which that in 40 cents will buy a half a cup of coffee at Starbucks
Tell him was a member of I have a we know there you go
Another lie by just like during Vietnam and more west more than they all lied and lied
And there was Kissinger pieces in our hand and all this other garbage
And know we sure as hell didn't kill nobody in Cambodia. We didn't do it right
Right your government lies and lie. I can't stand liars, baby
That's why I think it's time for me to just fly away
Just say bye-bye like Ron Diaz man. He no one to get out
That's it. It was maybe but he no one to help it out. It wasn't that idiotic
I think he was allergic to all him lice to her crawling around a Ronnie Beast red locks down
He was disgusting. I mean it's one thing to put on a persona on the air but when you're doing a radio
I can see if you're doing a TV show, you know when you do a radio show. That's always struck me about that creep
Walked around with it like these dreadlocks and like try to be I want what's he trying to be cool cool
Don't you know are Yahoo from Tampa was trying to be cool. Yeah, baby. Oh, yeah, Tampa's about as cool as an elephant's fart
Oh, sorry Joyce as an elephant
Absolutely
See I was gonna hit the bleep and do I say here bad screw her Joyce and her boyfriend
Hope the two of you live a happily ever after Joyce in junior
I just see them wandering off into the sunset. I think it's a good match, don't you? Okay
12 minutes past 11 oh, and you know the interesting part of it. I don't know if this is crossed your mind at all
Let me know because we got this basketball game coming up on Thursday and probably or possibly
Hopefully one on go canes. Ah, no not just that but it's in Greensboro the ACC tournament
Okay, so who do you think is gonna be there right?
See what I'm saying. I don't know if that's crossed your mind and of course go ahead now
Maybe now that he's actually running the joint. It should be fairly obvious that he can leave and go away
Or in hell he wants and do whatever he wants and just take another two three days off
Oh, we got basketball to go to now and be sure and charge up your blackberry now Josh and wipe behind your ears
behind your rear
God oh there's George Clooney. I don't know about him
We're the ones who talk about AIDS when it was just being whispered and we talked about civil rights when it wasn't really popular
I'm proud to be a part of this okay. What is he don't know about him?
If you like him. I don't know why whether I like him or not. Oh good guy bad actor. Well not a bad actor
I mean he politically I agree with it right all of his stuff and he's making all the good statements and like he did last night
Very good, but there's something about him that I find disturbing in addition to which and it's not his fault
It's people with bad eyesight, you know
I mean I made a crack about the last night sexiest man 97
Uh, yeah, I'm sorry
He's about a sexy is Kevin Costner and you I'm gonna put the three of you in the same category
No, I'm just talking about bland looking not not ugly, but just like a
Descript not not very good nondescript. Oh, okay. There's nothing wrong with nondescript
Sure, so beats ugly I work hard to come up from ugly to nondescript. Well good
I'm working on it and I think when they put me in the box. I'll probably look my best
14 past 11 a QM finally a TV experience like no other
Believe me Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use has lots to love and today you can try for only 3499 a month for three months
Why is TV so much better with on demand? Well for starters you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming
Including free movies kid shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows get tire lessons in so much more
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it and don't forget about control
With on demanding and start stop pause don't forget JJ about control
With on demanding and start stop pause rewind fast forward programs using that remote you can't get all this with satellite
That's for a dang sure with up to 250 channels plus on demanding and build your own TV schedule
You couldn't possibly axe for more and best of all on demand is free with Comcast and digital cable
So pick your showtime sit back and you wonder how you ever live without it call today order Comcast digital cable
They spare with the power of on demand for only 3499 a month for three months and date call 305 Comcast or in prestigious
All 954 Comcast
This is Neil Roger
This is 516 QA
For the flagship station
Hey
This is
You'll be missing all your dreams
For that friend you brother, you're mine
You'll be seen in very high
You'll fall into the virus
Love the 19-05-60 W.A.M.
Love the 1585 for Ben and Pair Rescue so far
Well actually 6585 but we'll boost up the total
That's like a logic, huh? Sure
Well that's what we got, we had to get the first five grand to pay off the measly measlies
I'm sorry
This just in
Colleges which accept federal money must allow military recruiters on campus
Justice fight university objection to the Pentagon's Don't Ask Don't Tell policy on Gays
The Supreme Court rule today? Justice has rejected a free speech
Challenge from law school professors who claim that they should not be forth to associate with military recruiters
Or promote their campus appearances Chief Justice John Roberts wrote the decision which was unanimous
Law schools have become the latest battleground over the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy on law and gay men and women to serve in the military only
If they keep their sexual orientation to themselves
Just like in professional sports
Many universities forbid the participation of recruiters from public agencies and private companies that have discriminatory policies
Roberts writing a third decision since joining the court said there were other less drastic options to protest the policy
Military recruiters mere presence on campus doesn't violate law schools right to associate
Regardless of how repugnant the law school considers the recruiters message he wrote
The federal law by the way is known as the Solomon Amendment
Alright? And after my grandmother Anna Solomon
Do you know that? I do know
Oh God
Well in a good case you missed it on our website over the weekend I'm sure Josh saw it as he was putting the stories up there
Blackberry R.I.M. Settle
That's right, that's how it is
What is the $460 million or something like that they're paying?
Actually they were blackmailed, I don't know
They were blackmailed
Another one of these companies that gets patents on things and they have no intention of developing the products
But they just get the patents so they can go ahead and squeeze money out of other people in a couple of years
But to get when you go take a people's patents and make them money with it
Yeah, patent pending
So George Eastman is still all the time Edison's patents and then he found out he's sold them from somebody else too
Right
Let's see who and what was Truman Capote's claim to fame in the name of J. Edgar Hoover movie
I guess bio in the actor play it
It was a J. Edgar Hoover movie
Okay
Sounds got up to me
Am I missing something? Was there a gay Edgar Hoover movie?
In fact this whole fact sounds got up to me saying the same thing or recurring theme
Look how they spelled played, plaid
Yeah, Truman Capote wrote in cold blood
Story of those two murderers, where was it in Kansas?
I don't know, you told me
He was an author
And he was a kind of a screamer
I mean I'm gonna tell you he was the worst stereotype for gay in the history of the human race was true
And if you don't believe me
And of course you'll never see any of those old clips which you're lucky you won't
And as far as G. Edgar Hoover she did like to dress up and I don't remember if there was a movie
I don't think so there was a book what that was that called
It was a great book
Talked about him dressing up and dragging how he was very next to his boyfriend
Mm-hmm both of them faced out
That was his boyfriend's name
Clied Tulsa
Clied Tulsa, very good excellent
I wonder if he was kind of Deacon Dolson
Who?
From Mass Appeal
Deacon Dolson
Don't remember that movie with Jack Lemon?
I remember D. Charles Durning
Deacon Justin
No, his name was Deacon Dolson
Take a stomach today
And he said both
Man or women, both
That was a bad, that was a wrong answer I think
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6
You might have this first of color to you here today we have maddening
Hey that piece of equipment's working
I thought it was gonna take advantage of it while you can
He said the phone is on
Yeah
Yeah, well he's a viral the first one so probably it doesn't hold too well
Yeah, no he's not gonna be
I might but it won't get on here
How many QA and hello
Hey, Morning, I'm from New Hollywood
Yes, okay
Listen real quick, I'm not the Pat Tillman thing
From what I had read about so far
Prior to this, the cover up starts not with the soldiers
Because they knew what they had done
And not even with their platoon commander who was a lieutenant
Started with the captain, the company commander
And it worked its way up
Everybody was, you know, the junior officer in the men were saying
We need to report this, we screwed up
And they said dummy up
Right, exactly, that was a situation with that
Now that's American effort and way man
Exactly, now the trick is how far up the chain of command
The cover up went out to the captain
In Abu Dhabi Rebn
Yeah
There you go, thank you in good time
You went
Just so you know, all the way up
That's from a job, heck of a job Mr. President
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, bye
Well, I think I got this, isn't it, bacon is killing me
Oh, there it is
Huh?
Speaking of that, what's that thing you bought me this morning Josh from the wild beanery over here in the corner?
They got this great new thing
I don't know what it's called
Oh great, it was good though, glad I asked
You brought you a wild bean?
No, it was quite some photos
Thank you for you too, I don't know how much it cost you
I know your hearts always in the right place and your heart are hearts
But those clawed hopper
The real building, the rubber bands
I guess it'll have to be till next year
Because it's not going to be any more snow or ice here period
Well just stick them in the closet
You got a lot of room to get
No, there is no snow, I don't want to get you burst your bubble
That's all right
And Friday they're saying sunny in 52 and Saturday, sunny in 58
Oh my god
They just had that freak snowstorm and was constantly in every...
You know, I'll take advantage of a global warming
I mean, the planet is going to be gone, but we'll be dead
So what do we care?
You know, not the same attitude as your president
Why the hell should we care?
We'll all be dead anyway
That's what he said
Right?
WDQA and Hello
They always spent 18 years together, my friend
Yeah, okay, well, too bad
WDQA and Hello
Not there
Like I said, I think I should stick to my pile
Because I don't think there's anything...
Well, there probably are some other movies on here that were horrible during the year
But these people, since they don't see any movies anyhow, how would they like to vote for them?
5670560
Activity
Good night, everybody
We aspects
Go and vote for
think about who's a deck and the audio that's right we got a tenth of a deck we got the Joker
that begins with the Jay and we got JJ Joyce Jr.
WDQI and very briefly oh not that one QI am hello thank you for your meal yes sir
I was listening to your attorney over the weekend normal yeah yeah why he doesn't help you
is beyond me his show is just totally ridiculous then he's in dreamland he's in law
that is correct you got him picked perfect that's right he fancies himself a broadcaster a
baseball guy a big-paid agent he's in dream world he's just what he is yeah you too
20 now actually he did uncover some a real dirt there on Friday that we had an interesting
conversation the afternoon we finally found out it's exactly like that scene in godfather were
there in the car after the meeting of the five families and Marlon Brander says until this day I
thought it was he says how does he say it's a tag list of them no but he says tell us they I
didn't know I didn't know it was a load for the senior long yet or I didn't know it was a pimped
oh yeah because he says something about the tag he's a tag is a pimped right until as they
I didn't know it was Baudzini all along Baudzini and of course Baudzini I shoot but
actually holds to be passed 20 said oh there's your favorite reason with this fool the woman she
played people used to ask you and how Hush was doing and she used to say I'm just trying to matter
I'm just trying to shut her off she's gonna see for quite a while what do you want from that bitch
I want her to go away no she's doing the Ryan Fleeve makes me very very angry say told you all
the same dry concepts the best in carpet cleaning company in town I've been using in my homes for
over 21 years and talking about them and raving about them for that time too so before you go out
and spend thousands to replace your carpet and give dry concepts a call and let them bring your
carpets back to life like a miracle they leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch
and stain free dry concepts is the only company that I trust and the only one you ought to be doing too
I'm sure you already know it but just in case you don't dry concepts also specialize in drape
re cleaning a post re cleaning deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and lots more without
a doubt one of the best things you can do for your oriental area rugs is to use a quality under
a layman it's essential for extending life and beauty of your area rugged provides critical
cushioning and prevents skinning and hard floors during the month of March give a call and receive
15% in savings and all underlayment padding dry concepts they always give you professional
service always show up on time carpet cleaning water damage restoration federator treatments
mattress cleaning and lots more call the very best trust the best dry concepts call them tool free
and daybrow it in the Palm beaches and be sure to tell them that all of the authority to call 1-800-248-5071
that's 1-800-248-5071 around the web dry concepts.com
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8
suck it in and hold it
all right
and it's together he was smooth as I see me Jerry right this show screwed me twice
for safety only baby does it a part of her
after
She's not that cousin brain is small man, it's sick
That true has got talent that brother lived
He did a green quick step somba and farts struts
I don't give a spot cause they think that
True a shame
And I do hate that green be the quiet game
Yeah
On the show he got more votes than both fights
In being cherry rise new and head fly
Yeah, Dura Lashay, no one has claimed the fame is
I give up, he's next brother
Oh
20's and it was in 98 degrees and he did look very gay
27 no noon a qa and we got bow it too in the two to four no most lot
In fact let me take a look at the rest of the week what we got in there
We don't have too much to go we got bow tomorrow
And then on Wednesday we got the baseball marlins
And in Thursday we got the basketball
But that game is over like what does that mean?
I don't understand this
But that's right when a couple of hours college basketball game is pretty short
So we got guilty Thursday at two to four and then on Friday
We got courtesy to four so we got all kinds of just keeps revolving spinning around and around like Terry Como and that song final wheel
And it goes anyway you want to get really pissed off
Okay sure what I got that you will forget about Terry Como
I want you to sit very attentively listen every word
This is the kind of crap that gets written and this is one of the reasons that you should never listen to movie critics
To determine if you want to go see it, huh?
Wait a head of you hate critics for the only Gene Ciscal had it
This is on the nation's website the nation which you ordinarily we love between abandoned Hoover and David Corn
And John what's his name we love all those people
There you go
Nichols
Very good what you should know because you're flashed remanded
All those guys
Richard Kim says crash is the worst movie of the year
Oh
See I told you get you be back on the thing
Yeah
God is God
You listen
As a film studies major have been trained to sit through any cinematic experience from Andy Warhol's eight hour long empire
Yes eight consecutive hours of the Empire State Building in real time
To Derek Jarman's blue and our plus of unchanging blue screen
Gravitizing Germans age related blindness and never abandoned ship incidentally I love both films he says
It took all this training and more to endure this year's Academy Award winner for Best Picture Crash
Which I saw this summer in the last its entirety I've already written about how I'm not a huge fan of broke back mountain the other Oscar contender
But it is definitely a better film than crash which I would have walked out on had nothing for my stalwart companions
While critics like while white critics like Roger Ebert who proclaims the best film of the year and David then be of the New Yorker loved it
Then be wrote that it makes previous movie treatments of prejudice seem like easy and self-congregulatory liberalizing
I couldn't disagree more easy and self-congregulatory liberalizing is the epitome of the film to my mind crash a simple messages
There's a lot of racism in the world, but it's all rendered meaningless by a magical force this force is called sheer coincidence
I'll happily spoil the denue mon for anyone who hasn't seen it the racist white cop Matt Dillon sexually molested black woman
Sandy Newton but is really a good guy because he saves her from a car crash and oh because he loves his ailing pup Poppy who can't pee
His partner Ryan Philippe his partner's anti-racist protest are really irrelevant because he ends up killing an innocent black teenager Lawrence tape
Meanwhile a rich racist white woman Sandra Bullock unfairly suspects a Latino locksmith Michael Pena of being a crook but it's okay because a Latino made and best friend takes care of her once she injures herself
And on and on through a compassionate conservative rainbow of cast members each with their own neatly moralistic but totally individualized racial melodramas
As with a well-awarded musical avenue cue the moral of crashes don't worry everyone's a little bit racist
Anyway he says my amateur film criticism aside you find a good dissection of crash by some time nation writer Jeff Chang and Sylvia Chan at alternate
LA Weekly critics Scott found this code at the worst film of the year I agree
Is that a run time to make you sick yeah make you want to puke that's why I don't listen to critics
Soothes the lot of him he didn't even get it. He doesn't know how about just based on entertainment value
But it's not just entertainment right there's not just but there's a
That's what you talk about right in there even there's like true without that because I go to movies and I think there's I think this
Minsing Queen can't handle the truth is what it is you know you're very well where this guy is
Anyway, we didn't put crash at our list of worst movies in here because we wouldn't there for some of you would vote just to be a smart ass and we're not gonna let you do it idiots
773 votes what was the worst movie of 2005 we might get a thousand of their doubted in fact
I'm not too sure we're gonna be a thousand bucks at that you know based on this phone here today my god you know it's a real good thing
I don't want to get your nervous about the summertime, but wow whatever
Just every day just do the same poll just say like you did that one time what yeah, and then you know
And then make up a dancer sure it'll build a pool from there. Don't answer your question anyway
What was the worst movie last year didn't see any 263 34% of the audience didn't see any of these
Duce has it 115 I hate this poll 70 war the world's 54 broke back mounting 49 be wished 41 douche bigaloo European Jigalo
41 sounds good
Get Richard I tried 24 star wars the third 16 house a wax 13 see why didn't they just bring back the original and bring the old 3d glasses out again on the
Theater is much you know with Vincent Price okay it was in 3d I wonder why that didn't last too long
You ever see a 3d movie sure several really incredible it's incredible but it's a you know it gives people a headache and it's a pain in the ass with the glasses and you know
Fantastic 411 King what is it King Kong 11 doom 11 Harry Potter the goblet of fire 9 you had drink this area
A on flux 9 the constant gardener 7 moving up the list and all to have like 700 is the worst piece of swill and probably the guy that worked his imagination he probably liked that he probably thought that guy what else the guy's name I can't
pronounce his name which guy the guy the actor in the constant gardener a lot of no yeah you do I don't okay a race elf who Ralph Ray yeah that I don't know all
finds yeah that's the one Ralph finds right he just he's just a well we're fine very good in Trinidad list as the Nazi one of the reason for me not to watch
it he's got seven electros six supercrossed the movie five guess look when there's some old gets you with the beard on there in the
first five minutes you wonder why it turned it off I don't want to see movie about old Jews with big hats guess who for hide and seek three
hello in the dark to into the blue to domino one mom air I'm discovered in nine songs have none seven say that's because nobody saw him now let me ask you something
on the one stranger calls I guess that's 2006 right that's this year's movie yes good because that's certainly we call fire for the list I haven't seen it but I saw the
previous on you just he's okay you don't need to see the movie now because the guy that's calling he's in the house not that they spoil it and well what were
they thinking about they're thinking about the money no they're not going to get these punks never saw the original no don't even know what
exists which Charles gurning no less and the guy that played that played the crazy murder I remember what his name was but he was good I think he died
didn't I don't know I forget he wasn't like a famous actor he was just very he was perfect for the role I don't think I have
much he was kind of strange not a stranger John revolt or Tommy you ferry see that's the irony the whole broke back mom thing how
many would his famous for doing this you know you got so many of these closet people sitting there all dressed up in
their and their tuxedo is in dress to the girls all these closet people sitting at big crowd and oh it's so ready with tender love
story and finally breaking through all the stereotypes and the prejudice against sexual orientation yeah you're
mom okay you're spineless coward you you ferry this is Neil Rogers
I used to feel
not dry
OK
They
I'm going to be in real, my perception is so you're very sweet.
Oh, I don't want to tell the boy,
And I'll find in the bedroom,
No boy,
No spot in the bedroom,
How about them,
Oh, they away from home,
They paint roads,
Give you their,
What will my perception be?
They have to tell them,
Oh,
There must be another way.
They also got Jorge Indio in there a couple of times.
Right.
Josh got left out.
Stay away from us, okay?
And the reason I played that is we got more,
Just when you think he's gone away and hiding under that area.
More to go.
His brother, the organo news is in a feeding frenzy about his book
That his brother, Germain, is writing.
His brother admits,
Jack, it was thing for young children.
He's got a thing.
Yeah.
Germain Jackson feared his kid brother Michael might be guilty of child molestation.
But back in the trial,
Because he thought the pop star would commit suicide in prison.
According to a bombshell book proposal,
It's a thing by the daily news.
What it really boils down to is the whole family has been, you know,
Siphoning off of the cash, the cash cow.
And that's why they supported him.
But now that they find out they can write books and make like
Zillions more,
Because he don't have any money left.
Uh, they're doing that instead.
Plus he's probably cutting them all off now.
They was over there in Bahrain.
He's probably got a stomach said that the doobie doobie doobie deal.
In a tall outline,
Shopped at Publisher just weeks after Michael's arrest in November 2003,
If your main described the pop king as a sometimes out of control drug and booze abuser,
With a calculating means to weaken a thing for young children.
No.
The eight page proposal for a legacy surviving the best in the worst list,
Michael Jackson preferred substances as Vikiden, Demarol,
Codine, Perkisett, Cocaine, Jack Daniels, and...
Duh!
Wine that Jesus used baby.
Does he really know what he does with these kids?
Does he really know what he does, Jermaine wondered.
I don't want to tell you my brothers and I said,
I'm not certain that he is Jermaine said in the Tom Teasored Graphed by author Stacey Brown,
Who co-authored Michael Jackson the man behind the mask with a singer's former publicist Bob Jones.
Not to be confused with Bob Jones from the university.
But Jermaine still on public tail is the ultimate insider look at the trouble star.
It admits that the family has protected Jacko's image and says that Jackson also cheats,
lies, even chains the color of his skin.
No.
Even the pop star's behavior with his own nephews looks as family shaken according to Jermaine,
he recounts the family coming together after the death of brother Tito's ex-wife in the mid-1990s,
and fighting Michael sitting on a bed with Tito's young sons and holding them in a disturbing manner.
Jermaine also distanced about the singer's bizarre behavior, surely before he surrendered to authorities to face charges in November 2003.
Hold up in a Las Vegas hotel room, Michael calmly watched a Pinocchio DVD with his three children as lap,
but he later flew into a rage, trashing the room and breaking every glass lap and dish in it.
They protected big brother vow to help Michael be through that because Michael couldn't survive one day in prison, he commits suicide.
Other bombshell teachers in Jermaine's outline include.
During the Jackson five days, Michael's brother's fear he was gay.
The brothers met lots of women while touching in while touring and he were touching and all of them fell in love,
but Michael, he wasn't interested.
We used to say quietly we couldn't have a gay brother.
Surprise!
Michael hates Jews because he thinks Hollywood, mobile Steven Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen stole the idea for DreamWorks studio,
including the boy on the moon logo from him.
But the Jews are the powerful ones and they've done a lot to put my brother in his place, just another N.I. you know the rest.
That's a devious and calculating Michael squashed his brother's solo musical careers,
but the family stood behind Michael despite pain, doubts and misgivings, unwittingly about their little brother.
And little more. There's like, I mean the daily news is in it, like you said, feeding friends, you know.
Michael's actions tooled with children by X-Wife Debbie Roe were fronded by a sperm donor,
not the natural way as the pop stars insisted for years, according to brother Jermaine's 2003 proposal.
My brother purchased children's Jermaine 51st's and our line for his never published a tell-all.
Roe, the mother of Prince Michael I who is nine and Paris who's almost eight, was paid several million dollars to carry the artificially insininated baby as Jermaine says.
It's like a sanctioned black market, he say.
Jermaine can't really refer to Roe as a woman nobody would ever look twice at,
and said the only reason Michael married her was to appease his Muslim pals who don't approve of out-of-wedlock pregnant pregnancies.
Huh!
I wonder what the Arab streets gonna think about this.
Jermaine offered no explanation for how Michael acquired his third child for a year old Prince Michael II nicknamed Blanket, whose mother's never been identified.
Maybe it was immaculate contraception.
When Roe and Jackson divorced in 1999, she signed a confidentiality agreement that barred her from ever discussing the child's paternity,
Michael's mental or physical condition purported drug use sexual behavior according to a 2005 court document.
Roe was currently battling Michael for access to her children.
She previously surrendered to Forever Rights in 2001 but won them back in 2004 when a court found improper procedures that were followed in the first action.
And a public court recently back rose for Forever Rights.
Now a judge will decide what best for the kids.
Oh, I think having them over there when I'd pervert with wearing their little burkish, I think that's probably what's best.
Don't you?
I do.
56670560, kind of a week start on the phone here for this Monday.
Maybe they're all worn out from that big 30th anniversary badge last week.
Or maybe they're worn out from the Oscars last night.
Pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
This doesn't vote well for the rest of the week. Good thing we got on in ball games.
Yeah.
How are we doing on the vote count? 806. Not too bad.
We're gonna make our thousand, I do believe you think so.
We could.
We could do it.
And don't forget, just in a matter of minutes, the Q&A benefit.
They're probably a lot. That's where they are. They're not calling because they're all lined up at the Advanced Auto Parts.
The Q&A will be a grand opening of Advanced Auto Parts, 4380 Southwest 8th Street Miami.
CDs and T-shirts to be available in the Son of Camila, $1,000 shopping spree at Advanced Auto Parts.
The CD, the.
The CD and the T-shirt. We've got the same logo as the SCV.
They'll be available and there's 20 bucks a piece.
I'll benefit a band of pay rescue.
11,585 going to the day and that's in less than the first week. That's not too bad.
We'll take it. We'll take whatever you got. You got some money. We'll take it.
Like I said, it would be. You got some money. Just hand it over.
Somebody QIM. Hello.
Hi. Is this the new Roger Shop?
Yes, ma'am.
Can you ask Neil a question for me?
Sure.
My husband and I have been rocking our brain because he might know the answer to this.
I know he's been Miami in a lot of years.
There used to be an Italian restaurant in Miami near Jackson Memorial Hospital that was like an old stone house.
It was there for many years. And later on, it moved to South Miami.
And I know you walked in and then you stepped down to a room.
We can't remember the name of this place. We've asked everybody we know.
And it's driving us mad.
Some of the occult data are faxed and believe me.
Right. Right. I'm listening now. I'm in the car.
So, you know, if there's any possibility.
Okay. Thanks.
All right. Thank you. Bye.
Anybody know I've got any idea that's not necessarily my neck of the woods over there by Jackson.
I'll ask Neil when I talk to him.
I ask Neil when he knows. I'm pretty sure he doesn't.
56670560. So let's help out the latest year.
I've been rocking their brain. It's one of those things.
You know, like the name of that actor. What was the name of the actor?
Which one? I don't remember which one it was.
56670560.
56600.
We're rising in singular wireless line.
QAM. We have no balls.
How many QAM? Hello?
QAM. Hola.
Neil, how are you?
I'm trying to call on that sweet happy anniversary.
It's late. Listen.
I never.
I never thought this people, you know, I thought it was a limit to how far these people would go.
But they're failing Iran. Like they did Iraq and they're sending the media taking it.
Just like they took Iraq.
Yeah.
They're laying down the foundation again.
And these people are just taking it and later on they're going to be more people writing how good ideas are going to remain.
Yeah.
I don't know. I don't know how these people here I am making it harder for you to make them money.
I mean, that is the stupidest business decision I've ever seen in my life.
Well, they're just, they know it all.
I know nothing.
And we got the Joyce and JJ Jr. in clearance.
And they're the experts and they know it all, man.
Between the two of them, what they know about radio can put in a fimbled.
But here, you said that sweet.
And I agree with you that you never sent a contract to work for Joyce.
Why did you keep on taking it?
Is that if a rule are the after a week?
Well, we try to hammer that out on Friday.
Now, Ferris is going to call me at two o'clock today.
And I think he's going to hear a dial tone very shortly into that call.
All right, Neil.
I'll be right back.
Now, I just, I'm just tired of the crap, man.
I'm just, I'm just fed up.
They just keep, they don't know what the hell to do.
So they just keep changing and changing.
And this one is doing this by long distance.
And he forgot his blackberry.
And he's, you know, grow up already.
Where do you play? He's just grow up.
Because like I said earlier in the show, I really mean this.
I mean, the prospect of three more years of JJ brow beating us.
You know, I mean, we were way ahead.
It's like a fine wine.
You know, if you keep putting water with it, you finally water with downs like nothing but a glass of colored water.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
What color water?
The water is not too bad and the money is even better.
WQI am, hello.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, call me.
All right.
Call him.
Call him.
Hello.
Yeah.
What was that?
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I think we could do that.
I can feel all of them when they're like,
I can feel all of them when I'm like,
I can feel all of them when they're like that,
if I can't feel all of them when they're like,
I can feel all of them when they're like,
I can feel all of them when they're a couple of,
what do you think we did
on our initial war?
We're really experts
that hasn't made I did one of the, you know, that I appreciated it very much and all the cuts
made me laugh.
Good, actually that's the idea man.
Thanks a lot for your help.
No problem sir.
Don't forget to advance right there.
I bet you're there now.
Right down there at Kayocho another fantastic location.
Friday the Riveter and road that I'm balling more, Boulevard.
Road that nobody ever heard of before.
Much less has any idea where it is.
And the result I think is bored that out.
Anyway, they're at the grand opening of advanced auto parts 4380 Southwest
eight street.
My man can see once again this year that this whole fundraising thing is going to be
manipulated based on sponsor, advertiser considerations and promises that have
been made as opposed to where can we go today for a couple hours and raise the,
you know, largest possible amount of money for the cost.
But again, since it was their idea in the first place, that's where it goes.
4380 South, you follow what I'm saying?
What he said.
Every year it's the same crap.
That's why I don't want to get involved in it because they play with us,
man, and don't even feel good.
4380 Southwest eight street Miami and advanced auto parts.
Go over there with a whole bag of money.
Okay, and help out them little puppies in a couple of little kitty cats too.
Little kitt cat.
I got to be honest with you as much as I love candy.
I don't like kitt cat.
Don't you?
No, I don't.
It's got like a, like what's inside of it like a wafer cookie.
Yeah, yeah, wafer.
I don't like wafer.
I don't like wafer.
No, no, no.
It's good for me.
I'm going to go.
No, I do like graham crackers, don't I?
Haven't had that in years.
You'll be pleased to know my blood sugar this morning was 86.
All right.
See, I'm a survivor, as you know, I'm going to do it in spite of them.
In spite of J.J. and J.J. and all this other crap, spite of them.
Possible hazardous materials, a situation, a situation at a building in Atlanta.
The building had white powder in it.
There was a bag that came from within the prison system with white powder.
And of course, we know that all the terrorists are in the prison system.
And they're sending out that anthrax.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do genauso strove do do do d
When those bombs hit the floor, or to fight, we will make new guys.
And heaven for the mighty heaven.
When we now go through all the night, cash, or never, we will give them to the hearts of two and women.
And that's the reason we do guys.
We change our minds as it goes to be hard.
You might have heard the old days come.
They do, you won't let the people know that you will.
We will make new guys.
Come on, 205-60-W-Q-I-M.
Yahoo's dirty little secret.
I was told I hated Yahoo like poison and you didn't believe me.
I believe it.
Well, I was good reason.
The branding experts did a good job with Yahoo.
Everything about the internet, Johnny Voxay, grew me five from the name itself of the company's bright purple colors,
likey font and fable Silicon Valley work culture.
Creativity innovation in freedom are the catch words Yahoo wants people to associate with its brand.
The problem now is that the company is actively colluding with the Chinese government to help identify internet dissidents to be thrown in jail.
Not cool.
Yahoo has a Chinese language portal hosted inside China with a search engine that filters out all websites and keywords deemed unacceptable by Chinese authorities
where its former CNN-B-Shing Bureau chief Rebecca McKinnon, an recent nation online exclusive.
It doesn't inform users that the content is being censored in any way.
Yahoo also offers a Chinese language email service hosted on computer services inside the people's republic.
Because the user data is under Chinese legal jurisdiction, Yahoo's obligated to comply with Chinese police requests to hand over information.
Such compliance over the past several years is likely to be jailing at least three dissidents.
An NSE International report adds an investigation revealed that a four American internet technology company is operating in China.
Yahoo Google, Microsoft and Cisco.
Yahoo has most actively aided repressive forces in China by helping to put in jail political dissidents.
Nice.
Prominent Chinese blogger Zhao Jing, singles out Yahoo who for even greater score in the Microsoft, a company that complied with the Chinese government's request to shut down his blog.
A company such as Yahoo which gives up information about dissidents is unforgivable.
He's sent an interview with Fortune Magazine who would be good for the Chinese citizens if a company like this could be shut down or get out of China forever.
Zhao continues to post in Chinese at antide.blog-city.com which is available overseas but blocked in China.
Some of his recent posts can be written in English at our conversation which is maintained by McKinny now research fellow with Harvard's Burp and Center for Internet and Society.
As a publicly traded company, I hope to be very sensitive to public outcry and this issue should have a relatively easy time gaining traction.
Most people are all political strikes, other than extremist, wacko is both left and right.
And those with lots of Yahoo's stock can get behind a campaign calling on one of America's most vulnerable companies to stop aiding communist China's repressive tactics, communist to communist stuff.
So take MSD suggestion and click here. It's got a link. This is on the nation by the way, it's written by Pete Rothberg.
Oh!
On the nation.
Click here to tell you, it's on our website. Is it not your story yet?
Yes.
To tell you who that if it wants your business then it better stop helping off authoritarian governments repress their citizens in the countries in which it operates.
Media attention can also really help.
So click here and it's got a link to find contact info for your local newspapers and talk radio stations.
Well let's talk radio stations already on it. How do you like that?
I mentioned that I'm talking about repression in China on the ticket. Are they? Huh?
It's out of it.
They wouldn't were to find China on a map.
Much less the Yahoo. Although we have a Yahoo sales manager now. It sounds like a good guy. Yahoo.
He's from North Carolina. He talks with a real heavy. He sounds like John Edwards on a bat.
And by the way, I just like John Edwards intensely. I'm sorry. Intensely. I never liked him in the first place.
But he was on eat the price yesterday. He was I didn't watch it. But I saw some of the clips later on. He was debating fat face.
I think they use the same bicycle pump to stick in the Jackie Kemp's neck that they did with John Revolta.
Because his head like mustard up like it like Jerry Lewis like a balloon.
But anyway Edwards is on air. Oh, just sucking up into all the air.
I want to discriminate against Arab nations. And we were. He's just an idiot.
Just a real jewel in Yahoo. John Edwards. My ass.
Here's just a major vote. No, I don't think anybody really remember the story about the nanny.
Which work with nanny cam and for Lauderdale. Oh, yeah.
Broward State attorney. They decided to drop all charges against Claudio Murrow in the nanny cam case.
Experts said the hidden camera footage had appeared to show the Hollywood nanny physically abusing a then five month old baby could be unreliable.
Unreliable. The state said. Murrow was charged with eight constant child abuse relating to the October 2000s for incident.
The child was not seriously injured, but the parents got suspicious when they saw brews instead the child cried when she was near Murrow.
Some movie with Jody Foster. What that was an impact on TV over the weekend.
It was it was okay where she played the victim of a gang rape. Oh, was it.
What is it? I'll think of it. She want an Oscar something for them. She was good in that. Yeah.
Kelly McGillis in that. I don't know who's that. The blog. Yeah.
I think I would have a gillis from the life of Ramy. I'm trying to blank his my head's like a bubble.
I remember doby gillis. Anyway, do a Google Zodifrost. You'll see it right away.
And she was very good. I think she wanted to ask her for that. And she wasn't even. See the problem with her is that, you know,
and maybe it was only the one movie is it was only a sound slimes. It's a great movie, but her performance on it was not really bad.
It was very. That's. But that's phony effect that actually used. Yeah, that was it. Yeah, that was good.
I wouldn't I mean if it's on TV, it's worth watching. I wouldn't go out and buy it or rent it or like, you know, steal it even.
But it was worth watching. Yeah, that was good. It's about a game rate.
The video anyway appears to show Miro shaking the baby so hard that the girls head jerked around kind of like Linda Blair in the
Exorcist just about around four or five times. It also looks as if that any slanted child on the floor and slapped her.
It looks like that, but only persons more than 78 hours of digital recording were saved because the child's parents wouldn't turn over the
hard drive of the device. Saying we heard the footage showed private family activities. Then how do you like that private family activities?
Yeah, that's what I say. Yeah, incredible.
Pizza maker backtracks on restrictions for new Catholic time. Remember that story we had Friday about that for missing the Tom Monahan.
Tom Monahan, who was helping the bankroll the birth of a Southwest floor in the town and university backtracked on Friday from comments that
he'd likely to be governed by strict Roman Catholic principles. So we got that time. I'm a jury that wants to be all Christian or at least the Christians running it.
And we got this guy to once a time. It's all Roman Catholic Roman Catholic. I like that. His ideas about barring pornography and birth control. He said apply only the Catholic university.
We know that Catholics are out into pornography, which is why the Vatican's got the world's largest porno collection. Right.
There were a lot of well. I have to have something to stimulate that switch guard. You know, they can kind of board stand in a line like that.
There are a lot of misconceptions. Monahan said Friday or misconceptions. Both the town of Ave Maria and it's all can't you just hear Johnny Mac for singing that now the harp and being a thing?
Oh, I just hear it on Columbia records. Ave Maria crack was that a hit? It was a major smash. Both the town of Ave Maria and it's Ave Maria University, the first Catholic University.
We built in the US in four decades are set to open us here about 25 miles east of Naples where the beesleys are where a choice is open air in Naples.
That that that I'll say much. Oh, what is that crazy John Bolton with the mustache? It looks like you're a colonial drag. He's a crazy person. Make no mistake about it. He's absolutely they're going to have him in a rubber room with Mr. McMurphy.
Randall McMurphy that is. And Mr. Chesswood.
Monahan's comments Friday contrasted with say what he made last year to a Catholic men's group in Boston that photographic magazines won't be sold in the town.
Pharmacies won't carry condoms of birth control pills and cable TV will carry no x-rated channels God forbid.
I would say I just misspoke. Monahan said, Brian and if you were the associated press the town will be open anybody. Right.
What they thought out it was unconstitutional and illegal and unacceptable. Then all the study changed this tune.
See that? Monahan and the clave of comment early in the week while attorneys were reviewing legal issues surrounding his original idea.
The ACL you were floated promised lawsuits to proposal for institute. Florida attorney general Charlie Chris. You're very steady.
So he saw nothing in monahan's proposals that violated state law. He wouldn't let you in there Charlie. I guarantee you that. Not your kind.
The town is being developed through a 50-fifty partnership with the Baron Coyer company agricultural and legal state firm.
Baron Coyer and Monahan will control all commercial real estate and the town will not allow adult bookstores or topless clubs.
However, it merely will suggest not throw away that businesses from selling adult magazines are contraceptives.
We're not going to censor any of that information but in defense to Ave Maria University.
We're going to request that they not sell that merchandise but when I restrict incident Baron Coyer CEO Paul Maranelli.
Contraceptives will not be distributed on campus because they want to make damn sure that there was a Roman Catholics reproduce like rabbits which they're famous for making a lot of good Catholic babies as the numbers battle continues.
You got the Muslims in the Catholics and the Castle Catholics in the Muslims. Reproducing like cockroaches baby like rats.
Maranelli said the town will welcome synagogues as well as Baptist churches.
We're not going to discriminate against anyone whether it be religion race ethnicity or sexual orientation.
St. Baron Coyer executive Blake Gabel adding that homosexuals will be welcome despite the insurance believe that homosexuality is a syn.
I also contrary to Monahan's earlier statements because it's apparently illegal.
The town will not restrict cable TV programming and by always speaking of illegal I want to say you're right now.
The American public might sit still they might sit back while this people like Jay Rockefeller and Cabe Bailey Hutchinson are introducing this fascist legislation and they want to extend their incredible.
Chilling business and of course they had a dump two three times on ABC West not only Oscars.
They want to send it to satellite and cable. But you know what satellite and cable don't come over into your house to the public airway.
They have no jurisdiction none because if they can do that the next thing is going to be the Internet they're going to go back and try that again.
Right. And then comes into your house on wire and then private conversations that you're having.
Well they're all thinking about that. And there are we doing that.
Especially if you have any walked in journalists who exposes them for all the Chicanos that they're going to follow you and hassle you and maybe just shoot you.
Maybe your plan of fall of the sky like Paul wellstone.
How do I how is what's your name doing speaking of playing the phone out of the sky.
Catherine Harris.
He's still 13 at 560 WQM if you're hungry I mean if you got a big appetite then you'll love John the Baker what they're they coming in again tomorrow.
Oh, not wasting any time.
Well of course we got those ball games and everything with the amount of food they bring in you don't want to be there on a short day.
You want to make sure you got all four hours to eat the fantastic feast they bring in John the Baker two locations for you.
They're unpindable to buy at a home depot center just west of Flamingo and the brand new John the Baker the Sterling Town Center.
Sterling and pineapple are on a Cooper City the food is fresh it is delicious.
They give you a big gigantic portions the prices are right teeny and tiny so you can take the whole family and just pick out all the time.
Sausage and peppers chicken parmesan baked ziti or lasagna all your favorite exciting goodies.
And don't forget John the Baker's world famous garlic rolls as big as Shaxe and they're out of this world to George and Josh had just about everything on the menu.
They really rave about the fantastic sloppy sausage sub to good old spaghetti and meatball it's all great and it's all fresh.
And the pizza is as good as it gets in South Florida.
So take the whole family or call ahead for take out in Pemberpines call 9 5 4 4 3 1 4 3 15 or Cooper City call 9 5 4 2 5 2 0 0 9 1.
Always huge portions always the best Italian food always affordable to it gets no better than John the Baker.
This is Neil Rogers this is 5 16 8.
Log on to www.qam.com and register to win an authentic autographed Vladimir Carrero baseball courtesy of Presidency and Forty Beer and Sports Radio 5 16.
It's a good thing to can only after being off the air for nearly two years the groundbreaking show that redefined family returns to HBO on March 12th.
It's the season premiere of the supremos.
Hey Tony how you doing?
What's wrong?
Tony is me Christopher you're not you.
I don't know any Christopher right I'll have any nephew.
Tony what's wrong?
Why is your wife is your cake?
What wife?
Your Mary.
Wait a minute my Mary's gonna rush in hookah with the one leg.
No.
My Mary's Annabella's your uh?
No.
Who the hell am I Mary?
Do I remember?
How about her?
How about her?
Then you've got some cake.
Who?
Gays I remember anything you'll think I remember is like send up us a financial papers.
If you can't remember what happened on the supremos don't feel bad because the actors can't either.
Hey Tony it's me Paulie Walnut.
Who the hell is Paulie Walnut?
May I'm Paulie Walnut?
You can't get that name.
You gave it to me cake.
I give you the name Paulie Walnut so I don't remember.
The only thing I remember is I send up us a financial papers.
Hey don't be too hard on the supremos.
How do you do you remember when you did two years ago?
Tony we need to talk.
Wait a minute who are you you come out of?
I'm your Gumaad.
What's up Gumaad?
Your girlfriend is DUNAAD.
I'm not even a valiant.
Do you have anything to do with a financial papers?
Hey Tony.
You're again.
Why don't you remember your name?
It's a question for your nephew.
What what what what?
We gotta talk about it you gotta remember.
Always think now Adrian that's why you're the wife.
No my girlfriend.
No.
Always think.
He's my fiancé.
How's he doing?
You had a killed last season.
My wife?
Yeah.
Do you see have anything to do with a financial papers?
No she wants to defend.
Order health offense.
Mr. Prattles your back March 12th with a second episode
July 14th 2009.
I think I'll pass.
Too late now to get started.
Throw an idea.
Yeah.
How we doing it?
Thank you.
I'm van.
A whopping $40.
Ow!
He also wanted us to say that it's drive through service.
You don't have to get out of your car to get a CD.
Miguel's out there.
He just pulled it up.
So he'll come you in.
We'll come to you.
But then how do you sign up to when your $1,000 shopping
screen if you just whip right on through there?
Good point.
Yeah.
Well maybe he can give you like the entry-blanket fillout.
I think probably the people advanced auto parts would rather
be when inside and spend some money or at least looked around.
Of course I don't do too much shopping in the auto parts.
You don't know about you guys.
That is much they used to.
That is much they used to.
In a room report why better play this is the setup for the story.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Princess, I work back in place.
Papa Ratzis coming after you.
You got a crash.
You're too old.
No more rich guys for you.
Princess, I is gone.
Oh Princess, I...
Princess, I is gone.
She's really going into a tunnel.
Hello, all.
This is really, really, really, really, really, really strong.
An official British inquiry into the 97 death of Princess Die
in that high speed car crash has found no evidence of foul play.
A newspaper reports today.
The Diley Mile said the interim report to be published in May
by a former Metro police commissioner Sir John Stevens
will dismiss conspiracy theories about the deaths of Diana,
her boyfriend Doty Fyatt and their chauffeur Henri Paul in a first tunnel.
These theories include an allegation that Prince Charles was plotting
to kill his former wife by staging a car accident.
Fyatt's father, my hand that I'll fly it,
who owns Herod's department store in London,
and setting an analysis of Spectre Charles,
but also his father, Prince Philip, that old toad.
But the two year investigation by Tendet Tick of Say
that even a skilled racing driver would have had difficulty controlling
the Mercedes-Caring Diana, as it hurtled through the
pond almond tunnel in Paris, the Diley Mile says.
The newspaper said in French judicial sources at one point
had to do with it, but did not identify them.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
That's for damn sure.
All that silly bread crack.
About what?
873 votes on a poll.
I care about that.
We're going to make 1,000 today, which is pretty amazing,
considering the fact that if you were to disfonder
that you think the transmitter was all over you,
I can't recall a day in months, maybe years,
when it's been this farce.
I think they shot all their emotion lines to week
during that anniversary week.
Maybe we did too.
Maybe that's why it's so good to have all these ball games.
You know, stand good.
In fact, yeah, I'm thinking about something very convenient,
because that conversation that calls coming from clearance
and two, I may be able to take more extra time at the dentist tomorrow.
What are you laughing about?
You know what I'm saying?
I told myself a joke and I've heard before.
Well, not because the appointments are nine,
because that's the only time they could squeeze me in.
And, yeah, I thought a big deal was not an emergency thing,
but it would be nice to get that all fixed up in shiny
and, you know, whatever they do, right?
Buffed.
I don't think they can do that.
How do they do?
They make a false tooth?
That's what that was before, right?
They do it on.
That's right.
Evidently not very tightly, but they are.
I don't want to be picking on my good buddy, Dr. Gary.
What?
What?
What is I got to dentists here now?
What was the worst movie of 2005?
877 votes.
Didn't see any 299.
Still 34% of this crowd didn't see any 2005 movie.
You know, come on, man.
What is it?
What is it with you, peoples?
Duke's the hazard 126.
And we're not suggesting you see any of these,
because these all suck.
But I mean, there were some good movies, right?
Like Crash?
Right.
Since it didn't.
What else?
I'm done.
That's it.
I hate this poll 75.
Brokeback, broke ass mounting in 1964.
War of the World's 58.
Dush Bigelow, European Jigalow 48.
I just like the way that sounds.
Nice of a little iteration.
The Wix 47.
Get Richard I try in 26.
Star Wars the Turard 17.
House of Wax 15.
Doom 13.
Fantastic 412.
King Kong 11.
Aeon Flux X.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 9.
Stealth Scott 9.
The constant gardener is moving up to 8.
Electric 8.
Supercross the movie 5.
Hyden Seek 4.
Guess who 4.
Alone in the dark 3.
Into the blue 3.
Dominot 2.
Nine's finally got 1.
So lament the Uno.
And my Mary and underscores got the none.
I read 77.
Is that like Polari?
My Mary.
Is that like that?
What is that mean?
What?
Polari?
My Mary.
I have no idea.
How about Marty?
Olendomari.
He kicks him far away.
Olendomari, man.
He started choke last couple of scenes.
You know what I'm saying?
He started becoming choke artist.
Yeah.
Not that we're upset about.
40 bucks out there.
Been promoting it since like 10 o'clock.
4380 Southwest.
8th Street in Miami Advanced Auto Parts.
We got no calls.
Actually now they're all ringing.
I don't know.
And no, and 40 bucks out there.
That's a real kickin' yes.
Out there in a little van you're always tell me that's our audience out there, man.
That's our audience.
All those old green tooths.
No speaking in English.
Come and east to come and east to that's our crowd.
WQA Mola.
No.
Nelson Rochester Sullivan, please.
Speaking.
Payneal.
And your opinion, what was your favorite movie of 2005?
I didn't get to hear that.
I'm sorry.
No, the poll wasn't the favorite.
It was the worst movie.
It's the worst.
You know what I said?
I didn't get the award for our last one.
I was just wondering what your favorite was.
Crash.
Crash was your favorite movie?
Yes.
Let me shoot in blanks.
But I liked Harold and Kumar.
What about that Georgie?
Yeah, it was very good.
Was that 2005?
Yeah, but I did like Crash.
We got three.
Okay, thanks.
You got a new phone.
Sound like he was about to crash.
Should have looked a little ugly.
I mean, you know, we're not going to steer you wrong.
If there's anybody out there who hasn't seen Crash,
you really ought to get a go out and buy it, steal it, rent it.
Right?
Right.
I got a little copy.
It's just, and you know, the song was up for also.
It didn't win, but you know, the best original, the song from a movie.
Right.
I don't know what the name of the song came on me.
Oh, I don't think that was it.
What?
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
Fool me once.
Shame on Bubba.
But anyway, you know, the song, and it was very reminiscent,
because we talked so much about the movie, being very much like Magnolia,
and it was all these different, you know, very similar.
And there's a song in there that was reminiscent too.
Not, but it was reminiscent of this, the other one.
What was the other song from Magnolia?
One moment is so long, yes, no longer that's it.
Why's that?
But they're very similar.
And you know what I'm talking about.
I got to watch it again.
I think I'm going to watch it again this way.
Majority of a matter of time, might better take a couple of calls.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Two, I mean.
Somebody QYM, Ola.
Wait a second.
Talk of days, yes sir.
All right.
Here's the second.
The answer to the guy.
It was an absolute terrible movie.
Did you see it?
Yes, it was.
We need to add that.
What is it?
It's like there's guys in the galaxy.
Okay, added.
Thanks.
You seen it?
Yeah, unfortunately.
Oh, so sorry.
Me too.
WQA, WQA, hello?
Oh.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, you know, I'm quite excited to buy something from Magellan.
He took all because I had to go and get cash.
What about you?
I was like 10 minutes.
I was back at 1 o'clock.
Yo, you mean.
Never talked about that.
Never crossed a hooliode that was born in Chicago.
Man, but thanks for your reference.
Buy it online.
Yeah, we're a second window there at the Advanced Auto Parts.
It's very unfortunate, but then again, you know, 4380 Southwest 8th Street.
I don't want to say I told you so.
I pretty much always know when it's going to be a losing proposition, do I?
Yeah.
Have I ever run a block a couple of times?
I know that neck of the woods.
Remember, he used to be on Southwest 8th Street, no matter what fact?
Did you?
Remember, he used to be on there.
He used to have a pizza joint on there.
Who did?
Wasn't he on 8th Street?
Flagler Street.
Flagler, yeah.
Well, same difference, man.
And, flagged, I think, the old WSWFUN.
That's where we started WNWS for a couple months.
Then we had the flood when the waters came under the door and flooded out the whole building.
I did a show in my bare feet.
Did you do a show in your bare feet?
Well, I did a lot right there.
That's why you got a lot of shmots all around.
I don't know if I'm going to say that.
That's a word off.
What was I thinking about?
Actually, they have a doctor, is it shows?
That's the number.
It's the cream stuff, man, for your feet, especially for your diabetic.
They're like smooth and like, ooh, man.
Oh, I better go shmere some.
28 past noon at QM.
Beach Foreigners' Ford has gone mad.
It's madness and march all this month at Beach Foreigners' Ford.
They've just missed having a record month last month.
So, this month, they're going to break the record.
They're just sticking with it.
Right now, standard camp Ford 150s.
There was always 249 bucks a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a pro-credit in
the 39 month lease.
Magnus and March at Beach Foreigners means you must be mad.
You must be nuts.
Not to take advantage of rebates and discounts of up to $10,000 on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not in the market for a new car, but you do know somebody who is, be sure and send
them into Beach Foreigners because if they take delivery and March Beach Foreigners will send
you 200 bucks in cash, and then money comes for their advertising budgets so it won't affect
your friends' price at all.
They'll miss out on this once a year of end.
Beach Foreigners' madness in March.
Standard camp Ford 150s is always just 249 bucks a month.
Discounts and rebates of up to $10,000 and 200 bucks in cash is for referring your friend.
So, get your ass in there.
Beach Foreigners, two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163 in West Exi Highway.
I guarantee you I'll bet you anybody's life on it.
You will love your Beach Foreign experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
A.
A beautiful, denied, unbucked.
American Idol.
It's Dick Cheney.
You shot and I think you just got a bird.
Bird.
Bird.
Bird.
Bird.
Bird.
It was dressable.
I don't know who you could get better.
It was just a win.
I'm gonna say off key.
It was just terrible.
It's terrible.
Denied, unbucked.
Caramel's the Ward, baby.
Bird's the Ward.
1233-27-01-QM.
We got Bo Kimpaboo Camp or a 2-0 this afternoon.
Any interest?
No.
Other than we got Mad Dog 4-6-30 and then the Panther game.
The Panthers who are rapidly fading from the playoffs who will trade away Oli-Yokin in, by the way.
And then probably won't be able to resign a Roberto de Wongo and then they're gonna have no franchise left.
Well, that's why it goes.
Here's the facts.
It's listening to you for the first time since January.
I moved to Phoenix listening on the Internet.
After 20 years in South Florida, I feel like I got paroled.
Congratulations to whoever you are.
Everyone here is friendly and happy.
Just like here in Toronto, eh?
Not everybody, but most.
The only people speaking Spanish are my landscape and crew.
I used to live in plantation which is becoming more and more like high, Alia.
I stayed Georgia's favorite all time and facts a few months ago.
How do I explain to my children blank?
Remember that?
Yes.
What was that? A pole?
I forgot that.
Oh, no.
It was just anyway.
My company gave me a $12,000 raise to get there on a Florida paid my moving expenses.
Whether it's in the mid-70s, sunny in the day, cool at night.
It'll get hot from June to September like Vegas, no big deal.
Some of my friends are moving to Atlanta.
Oh, that's not a good move.
And other couples moving to North Carolina to replace our salesmanages just came down from there.
People are escaping South Florida.
You are absolutely correct, sir.
Missed your show, but not enough ever to come back.
We'll listen on the web occasionally sincerely.
South Florida sucks and love it out west.
I like that.
I do that.
Yeah, that's another reason we got real service.
Not only we got all these illegal aliens pouring into the state and coming up on rubber rags, but our people are all bailing out.
Maybe that's why more and more and more and more are listening on the Internet.
Also for the bond, this is silly.
Maurice fans in 87, I voted for.
I didn't see it.
He was to vote for because I'm too wise to pay for a bad movie.
No thanks.
Thanks Maurice.
Keep listening.
Got the crap.
Wait a year, this.
Okay.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, oh, yes, sir.
Just picked up my CD and tickets.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah, it was either got mommy's ticket to a fighting rooster.
I took the ticket.
Okay.
He's got a few printers left so they put our house loud and get the CD.
Okay, thanks.
Sugarlight has said rooster.
Yeah, what now?
What now?
What tickets for what?
Like I know.
I would say Miami Heat Tickets.
Do you see anything in this promost as anything about Miami Heat Tickets?
No, maybe that's a secret.
No.
Well, we sure wouldn't want to tell people that because then they might actually show up.
Maybe he's scalping them out there.
No, I think somebody already sold them on eBay.
Parents complained about books undertones.
Wait a year, this is why when I said wait, I didn't mean that call.
Okay.
Yes, good.
Thank you very much for your help, Pallee.
Savannah, Missouri.
I didn't know there was this Savannah, Missouri.
I knew there was Savannah, Joja.
That's the same difference.
A children's book about two male penguins that raise a baby penguin.
It has been moved to the nonfiction section of two public library branches after parents complained
it had homosexual undertones.
The gay penguins.
Oh, God.
Be very, very worried about the gay penguins.
Every day.
The illustrated book and Tango makes three is based on a true story of two male penguins
named Roy and Sino who adopted an abandoned egg at New York City Central Park, Zoolon,
late 1990s.
Maybe on that young and old day, memory talking about the egg hatching.
That's right.
I remember that story as a matter of fact, they adopted an abandoned egg.
That's right.
Touching.
Well, maybe they were touching each other too much.
The book written by Peter Parniel and Justin Richardson was moved from the children section
at two rolling hills consolidated libraries, branches, and Savannah and St. Joseph in Northwestern
Missouri.
Two parents that expressed concerns about the book last month.
All were afraid of those gay penguins.
What kind of a message does that send to our children?
Next thing you know that we send that in the animal world, there's fags.
Farmer Reed, the rolling hills director, said experts report that adoptions are unusual in
the penguin world.
However, moving the book to the nonfiction section would decrease the chance that it would
blindside readers, she said.
We have to protect the readers and we have to censor the books and we have to monitor your
phone calls and we have to beat the crap and follow journalists around if they don't
write what we like and yada yada.
Majority of Americans believe Iraq's civil war is likely.
An overwhelming majority of the public believe fighting between Sunni and Shi'ai Muslims
in a raccon fact.
I think that's what we finally ought to say about it.
I see that Tom Harkins says, let's get all out right now.
We draw.
Let's just throw our arms up and he'll say, oh, Shi'ai can get that out.
They believe fighting between Sunni and Shi'ai Muslims in a raccon leave the civil war
and half say the U.S. should begin withdrawing its forces from that violent, torn country.
Right now, according to the very latest Washington Post ABC News Pool, the survey found that 80% of
Americans as dumb as they are, believe you may.
They are dumb.
Believe it.
See, the thing that is, like you know all these stories like when we hit last week about
they know the names of the judges on American Idol but they don't know the first
amendment or the Constitution.
Maybe it's not all that important to know all these historical things and all about your country
but at least it's important to know a little bit about the rest of the world.
I mean, you know, unless you're just in a total cocoon like a flamingo with a chin the ground.
That's right.
An ostrich.
But that's America for a man.
They're obsessed with crap.
Because there's no profit to be made by educating the public.
In fact, quite to the contrary that because that's when they become dangerous.
That's when they start revolting.
And they're pretty revolting.
80% believe that recent sectarian violence made civil war into racco likely and more than a third said such a conflict was very likely to occur.
Expectations for an all-out sectarian war extended beyond party lines.
More than seven in 10 Republicans and eight in 10 Democrats in political independence believe civil war is likely.
More than seven in 10 Republicans.
How do you like them apples?
Uh-huh.
W.
You idiot.
What do you say?
Abu Gharr.
Fool me once.
In the face of the continuing violence,
fully half 52% of the North survey said that you should begin withdrawing forces.
But only one in six favor to meet you withdraw all of all troops from Iraq.
Well, count me two.
Now.
Before any more, you know, they show that horrible picture that poor guy that kid the hobbling around.
He's got almost both legs missing.
He's got artificial limb on one leg.
He's got the.
And there's bush sucking up to him and shaking his hand.
Another nice photo off like he really cares, you know.
The survey reflected a sharp decline in optimism sparked by the sectarian violence that flared in Iraq since the bombings of that revered Shiite mosque two weeks ago.
Since then, deadly confrontations occurred between Shiites and Sunnis.
They're crazy religionists. Don't you understand?
And one thing we ought to know is you don't mess with crazy religionists.
Okay, like those far bits in the goiom, like the Jews in the goiom and the herbs in the Middle East, enough with that already.
Like I told you, is there a zillion times if they want to kill each other, throw a steal, home and touch that.
I'm going to say here.
Have a good time.
Go at it.
Don't forget.
Great foreign policy, you know,
by the president on this last trip.
Nooks for India and we get mangoes in return.
And the interesting part of it is.
That.
There's only two foods that I'm allergic to.
One is mangoes and the other is what's the green melons?
Honeydew melons.
Okay.
Met Aaronic.
I'm allergic to the bark mango tree bark.
I mean, instead of the nooks, they're just taking kid curry over there.
I mean, we're not doing anything with them these days.
Just take him over there.
They like that curry.
Well, what's the story with him anyways? He out?
Yes.
At power now, he says, look at what's going on, man.
There's some real shenanigans going on at Beasley.
Trust me what I tell you.
Greg Reed out.
Curtis, what that was?
Raymond Bird, a previous sales manager out.
Kid Curry out.
Water Nazi out.
Or at least very soon.
I still think we ought to auction off all their memory of Bea on eBay.
This is Neil Roger.
This is Mike 69.
Well, it gets up with me nice, huh?
Two test feet clean for one day.
But I don't want to go a day without a tranquil feel.
I take a daily dose twice.
I said it is for good, but we don't want the things that's done with me.
Susan, with my head like a filler one, we're searing real.
I know when I've had too many sad nights.
Especially when my face is on the floor.
Oh, why nice, need some diamond from trusty version.
Can I get a mailman's baby?
Am I supposed to say before?
Oh, I got to say thanks.
I got to say thanks.
Oh, I got to say thanks to baked to baked.
I got to say baked to baked to baked to baked to baked to baked to baked to baked to baked to baked to baked to baked.
1244 or 560, let's get that report from Vance AutoParts.
280.
Oh, that's not too bad.
And by the way, that guy's a crazy person.
There's no heat tickets going on or whatever he said.
He got to look, just lie about it.
Okay, get more people out there.
He did, yeah.
It's wrong with you.
Let's see, 68, 11, well, very soon we'll be over 12 grand, right?
Right?
Got 11, 865.
I mean, we can get, well, I guess we shoot for 500 out there, right?
Because it's not, it's not our problem.
We're taking it.
We're taking it.
We're taking it.
Oh my god, this is so sad.
By the way, I think I'll tape the phone conversation in two when parents calls today.
You notice he couldn't even give me like a half hour to make me a burger or something,
I have a little lunch or make me a killbob then off.
Oh, I'll put them off if you want it.
No, no, that's okay.
Now I'd like to get it over with.
Because I think it's going to be short.
But I'll be more unhappy to tape it for again than we can like play it on the air.
Okay, here, excerpt.
I've been trying to tell you people for years do not waste your money and risk your life on cruise ships.
Haven't I been trying to tell you that?
Yeah, if you still want to listen to me.
Uh.
More than 200 passengers left.
My man, a rock heroine, who was in cruise last week, returned Sunday as survivors of gastrointestinal illness.
Over the course of the seven-night trip on Explore of the Seas, 243 of the 3252 guests in 19 of the 184 crew members experienced what is really a
No-Roll virus according to a statement released by the cruise company.
The viruses are common cause of infectious gastroenteritis prevalent in hospitals.
The nursing homes cruise ships and other semi-imposed environments.
Rolkera means in the release that a passenger apparently brought the virus on board and all those affected were treated.
As passengers disembarked at the port of IME yesterday morning, many complained that they'd been confined to their cabin for about five days.
Some said they experienced chills, diarrhea and fever.
Oh, man, like I said, diarrhea and fever.
Normally, the cruise's rates in passenger Joe Clifford has spent more than 10 grand for his family to go on a cruise.
This time it wasn't.
Oh, Joe. Say it ain't true Joe.
Joe Mama. Isn't that pathetic?
Yeah, that's pretty bad.
Normally it's great, but this one time, you know, just this one time.
I like to ask me about family business, K.
No-Roll viruses are thought to affect an estimated 300 million people around the world every year.
The cruise line noted that the ship which made stops in Belize, Mexico is Yucatan and it came out.
How about those two other Canadian couple that went down for their daughter's graduation or whatever was in Mexico or wedding?
And they got killed?
Mexico. Right.
Yeah.
And nobody knew nothing, you know?
The war didn't go that.
Yeah. Don't go to Mexico. I keep telling you people, do not go on cruises and do not go to Latin America.
I mean, anywhere.
The ship which made stops in Belize, Mexico is Yucatan and it came in islands.
Oh, it came in islands.
Sale from Miami, February 26th when a doctor in Georgetown came in island on Friday.
Health authorities have made it to guess where the illness remained on the ship.
Royal Caribbean said it worked with Cayman Health authorities to follow isolation recommendations
by the US Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
Now here comes the coup de grace.
Oh, God.
This is the best.
The cruise company said all guests who were isolated due to the illness received a 50% credit for a future cruise.
Oh, that is the all-time best.
Okay, we want to compensate you for peaking your gut shot and having a wild screaming diarrhea.
And so therefore we're going to give you a 50% credit for a future peaking your gut shot and have wild diarrhea in your pants.
What's not to like?
Pretty like that of us there.
The statement said the company has taken proactive steps to control and eradicate the illness transmission.
The steps include heightened sanitation procedure for crew members and hence cleaning procedures like they might wash their hands once a week.
Special cleaning products and disinfectant for the company ships and additional physicians on board for the explore of the seas which were scheduled to sail yesterday.
How do you like that?
I don't.
Sign me up right now.
Oh, yeah.
Ten grand. They could have gone like to anywhere in Europe. They could add a hell of a time.
Could have gone to a nice decent hotel, a four star hotel, five star even.
Had some fantastic meals.
Seen some wonderful things.
Gone to Roma.
Berlin.
Amchiddam.
Stockholm.
Hellstinky.
Munich.
Munson.
Right.
Toleno.
It's never such a place.
All of these places.
All of these places.
But no. They go on a cruise ship and spend thousands and thousands for the honor of being stuck on here out in the middle of the ride.
And of course, they want to get to be rocky seas.
Then you really puke in your guts.
Oh, geez.
Yeah.
Oh, look at this.
They just discovered somebody's concerned about this Dubai company managing the US ports.
Tha ruins Saddiki who writes in the Toronto star.
Actually, even though it's online, I feel more like kind of a more kosher reading it out of the paper.
Can I have a side?
Yeah, that's a thrill.
It is.
I'm squeezing it.
He writes yesterday, bush nukes legal and ethical constraints.
Bush nukes legal and ethical constraints.
I ran.
That's what the Americans call Iran pronounced Iran.
This is a minor matter compared to how the US is boiling Iran over its nuclear program,
even while rewarding India for committing worse transgressions of international nuclear rules.
All nation states operate in their own interests, of course, but American disregard for the law
and the moral and political inconsistency of its foreign policy has said a new low under George W. Bush.
On Thursday, he signed an historic nuclear deal with India.
Saddiki's giveaways said the Cardigan government for international peace would deliver no regard for its impact on the effort to contain Iran and North Korea.
Friday, he was in Pakistan rejecting a plea from his host and they too be given access to civilian nuclear technology
since they are in the same boat as India, having developed the bomb on the slide, refusing to sign a nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
Bush responds correctly that India's transparent democracy has not had an acute con like nuclear bizarre.
So you think that the President, advocate of democracy in the Muslim world, will be leaning hard on General Pervert Musharraf to hasten civilian rule rather than gathering more power in his hands.
Yet Bush only offered a lame rhetoric, yes, Musharraf must move for democracy but.
The President needs the General in the war on terrorism, especially hunting down South China and Taliban remnants along the Afghan-Pakistan border.
Bush needs India even more for a host of reasons, including his booming economy, which US businesses want to tap.
Hence the nuclear concessions, ignoring both U.S. and international law, Bush has promised India access to high-end technology and a guaranteed supply of nuclear fuel.
In return, India gets to keep its nuclear arms program. It will have to open up only 14 of its 22 reactors for inspection.
The rest of them can keep secret, including a fast breeder reactor that produces the plutonium for bombs, and can even build more breeders.
Well, that's just what they need in India as more breeders.
There is however an argument that rather than a gift from Sandy Claus, this is a tough bargain.
It opens up two-thirds of India's secret program to inspection, which is why the IAEA, the nuclear inspection arm of UN, welcomes it.
But the lesson nuke-seeking nations can draw as clear as the late ZA Budo-Preminist or Pakistan once famously said,
eat grass if he must to free up the resources to develop the bomb, and the world will eventually embrace you.
With one simple move the President's blown a hole in the nuclear world that the world has been playing by, said Representative Ed Markey deleting critic of the deal in Congress.
How do you now go after Iran? Unlike India, Pakistan or Israel at side the non-foreveration treaty. It hasn't violated the treaty, which in title sits to develop nuclear energy.
What Iran is guilty of is cheating, hiding some aspects of its program, and a lot of fiery anti-American anti-Israeli rhetoric.
But its cheating has been miniscule compared to Israel's India's in Pakistan's.
That's why the Atomic Energy Agency report which goes before its board of governors tomorrow is so mild.
The agency cannot give Iran a clean bill of health, but it can't find no proof of a nuclear weapons program.
India is more guilty than Iran could be, said Vila Piro, a London-based expert on Iran, North Korea is more guilty than Iran could be.
All this is awkward enough, but there is more.
Trying to sell the India the other way, skeptical Congress, bushed as they're giving India more nuclear power, will take the pressure off the global demand for energy.
This is precisely what Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford said in the 70s, to rationalize their plan to sell the shawaiver and nuclear power plants.
But flush with a bolting extractor thanks to rising world prices from 73 and 74, he ignored US corporations and awarded the first contract for a nuclear plant to Siemens of West Germany, wrote hero in the Iranian lab room.
One is left with no other conclusion that the US basically does what it wants and tries to rationalize it by dictating the media mantra of the day.
None of this should come as a surprise after all the US was once a great friend of Sodom Hussain.
Right.
This makes it that in passing.
So we're going to have on the next report probably a 12 grand or more, right?
At least.
Oh, it's not too late.
Especially when they fight about those gold balloons that Miguel's handing out with them.
Oh, yeah.
Of course, those three passes for all you can eat the phase at any restaurant in the world.
All for you.
How are we doing on the pool, baby?
A 936, well, we're going to have 1000 easy today.
This is no pressure.
Thank God.
The only pressure is going to be at 2 o'clock.
You want to listen in?
I'll give you a conference call.
Okay.
Put it on speaker.
You see, what it is?
Some, and you've had plenty of experience with people like this.
You know, they don't know when to, you know, that drop you got just walk away.
They don't want to do that.
Just walk away.
That's right.
In other words, leave that enough alone.
Just, you know, let things simmer down, relax, let every, let people have, no, they can't do that.
Just wait.
This child, JJ, he is dedicated to destroying my life.
And that's why I'm telling you, man.
I can see any day now just, you know, you're coming at studio in the morning and you're looking.
You won't hear anything.
It's been dark.
It's dark in my control.
Yeah.
It'll be dark.
What was the worst movie of 2005?
937 votes.
Didn't see any?
A little under 34% now making progress.
316.
Looks to hazard 134.
I hate this poll 80 while we hate you too.
How do you like that?
Broke As Mountain, 68.
War the world, 62.
Hey Tommy!
You fairy!
Didn't see a hurly last night.
Be which 51?
Doosh Bigelow, European Jiglo 51.
Get rich, you guys tryin' 20 at 7.
Star Wars the third, 20.
House of Wax 16, fantastic 413.
Doom 13.
Stealth 12.
King Kong 12.
Harry Potter, gobble to fire 11.
A on flux 10.
Can we say that?
The constant cardinal 9 should have a lot.
Thank goodness most of you didn't see it because you'd be really peeled.
Electron 9.
Supercrossed the movie 5.
Heidenseek 4.
Guess who for alone in the dock 3.
Into the blue 3.
Domino.
How about on the blue, the Pinter to blue?
Dominico Meduño on capable records.
Speaking of Volare, what we just talking about that moment ago?
Yes.
Into the blue 3.
Domino 2.
The hitchhiker's guide to the Galaxy 1.
Nine Strongs 1.
And none for Mamere, Toto and Nundescoordre.
Volare, here we go.
It's a medical agreement.
Volare!
Which is a body right now.
Yeah, I could tell it was not the minute.
Oh, I got it from the Gintro.
Hey, Bobby, have another drink.
You know what, it's on his somewhere beyond the sea.
Right.
And of course the fishes are in the sea and he used to drink like a fish.
And who is he married to?
San Bernardino, another voted.
They had kind of a touching thing like that.
A little Bobby Derrick.
I think you're part of it.
Beyond the sea.
And who are you just playing?
Oh, Bobby Wright Dell.
Got your Bobby's crust.
Oh, I've been telling you I watched this on the picture of Bobby Wright Dell in a magazine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was pretty impressive.
Well, there's the honesty, Bobby Derrick.
And have another drink.
Now, would you listen to me?
They had kind of a touching segment which I think you missed because you only watched the ass end of it.
Which is a good choice.
I have a touching segment.
But where they showed clips of all the people, Hollywood people had died in last year in 2005.
And there was Sandra D.
She was on air and Barbara Belgetties.
And who else did we know that we owned the Richard Pryor?
And then there were some people that were like, you know, cinematographers or, you know, and there was like, you know, and then there was somebody that was well known.
Like that.
It's kind of a...
That's very, very, very tragic.
So after the, when we come back for that big one and two, we're going to be over a 12 grand for Band and Pay Rescue.
This thing is often run and isn't it?
It's run.
Now, two assignments for you folks online.
Go on there and buy your...
Your...
But, third man!
These are teachers, please.
And number two, be sure and watch the loose change parts one and two.
Right?
Yes.
To must.
Or, you know, you just won't know what's going on.
Or a belt.
I don't know.
I mean, if you don't want to know what's going on, it's fine.
If you don't want to start thinking about it, I mean, it's depressing.
So those people are jumping out windows and dying stuff like that.
But then again, your president.
This is Neil Rodney.
Not mine.
Your president.
This is 5'62".
Hey.
We got it.
It's not the real.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tica, slapping old women with painted lips around the pole, I listen to the Neil Rodgers one and two.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rodgers, they're in balance one and two hours.
Ever dreamed a band that has been 80s pop star who now makes the full of herself every week a national television?
Well, now you can.
With the Paula Abdoon, Meghaed School of Branden thought an incoherent chipper jabber.
Hello!
That's right.
In just three short weeks, we'll see you have a stand-alone stuff.
And you are just...
God!
Everything just...
Everything from the list.
And food.
So, Neil teach you how to stare blankly at the camera and flirt out of slurred, rambling and totally disjointed seven.
Every from the stand.
And the moment you open up your mouth, the lips just standing there in front of the mic.
From the...
Your artistry, what a kick.
So, Pat.
So, Pat.
So, Pat.
You're actually giving me a headache.
Imagine the disempered and embarrassed that you'll create for your co-workers who are forced to sit next to you and behave as if nothing is wrong.
It was a complete...
I...
...offside.
We didn't catch an eye since then at all.
Everything just happened really at all.
I can't see it.
You really can't see it.
I apologize, America.
Find it now for your stock.
At the Paula Abdoon, Meghaed School of Branden thought an incoherent chipper jabber.
Just when he sold it, he couldn't get any worse. It did.
Call now.
1-800-chipper jabber.
That's 1-800-chipper jabber.
101-1-1-1-1.
This just in only seconds ago,
Federal judge today refused to delay sentencing 90 days for disgraced lobbyists to act labor market.
Despite statements from government lawyers,
that sending labor off to prison could jeopardize this cooperation for ongoing criminal probes.
US District Judge Paul Huck sent sentencing for labor off on co-dependent Adam Kadain from March 29,
but said he probably would not require an immediate surrender, allowing them to stay free to assist investigators.
Got it?
Okay. I got it.
Here's a fact from it.
Looks like we were buddy Mark Oluiden put his name on the head of a list like his head, and of course he's wrong.
All day, forgot Dennis Weaver in the tribunal, because there was people who died in 2005.
Dennis Weaver just died a couple weeks ago.
I did love it when I wanted you to correct that guy.
Oh, brother.
And Israel Expo Daxalets drug trafficker 2 Miami,
because we need a lot more good drugs in Miami.
A suspected Israeli mob boss described by US prosecutors as one of the world's most wanted drug traffickers,
was actually led to the US today, police said.
Zeeve Rosenstein,
Stein, suspected of a lot of been distributing more than a million X's he pills in the US,
mostly in New York and Miami,
was handed over to US Marshals and been querying international airport near Tel Aviv airport,
was taken in the board a direct allow flight to Miami where he'll face drug charges.
Police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said,
the target of numerous gang-land assassination attempts in the past, Rosenstein was driven to the airport
and an undercover police car accompanied by several motorcycles, Israeli radio is reported.
It was a carefully planned operation under sensitive circumstances,
decided when she or that he arrived at the airport in peace and quiet,
without any disturbance to public order Rosenfeld said.
What if he's kind to a sunny Rosenberg?
Is he still alive, Dennis Jesus?
He said the extradition was a result of a long investigation conducted in coordination with US law enforcement agencies,
Israeli police acting on an international arrest warrant arrested Rosenstein more than a year ago
for allegedly smuggling drugs from Europe to the USA.
A US extradition requested that he send a second force that Rosenstein was involved in distributing more than one million pills of X to C,
court documents said.
Mostly in New York and Miami, how we doing at the eighth street?
300.
Last time we discussed this about a half an hour ago was 280.
Right? This is true.
I lied, I said we have over 12,000 after the one o'clock break.
We have 11,0885.
So close.
Yet so far.
I would say if I was a gambling man, which I'm not, we got a hell of a better chance of getting a thousand votes on our poll.
We got 956 today before 2 o'clock as opposed to making 12 grand out there in the location.
But don't you want the $1,000 bills that Miguel's handing out?
That's right.
Three.
Right.
And the linking cotton nittles that everybody gets?
Cool.
Heart-rub-like.
I'll promo one more time and you know I'm getting tired of your buddy there.
He's gonna be really, he's gonna be really peeing.
I told you what the story was.
These things were, this happens every year.
Right?
Because all the time they booked the van in advance.
Yeah, I understand that.
Well why couldn't we have had, we've got two vans.
I'm gonna hold you that.
Roll these on vacation this week because that was the first thing I asked them.
Roll me my ass.
I'll go get the flower.
So in other words, that's the only choice we had was Rollie.
He's the only other promotions person that's licensed to drive the van.
I mean, we've got some part-time teenage flunkies but they can't drive the van.
Well given the keys, okay, give them a shot.
Yeah.
See how, let's see how much they can do.
We got some part-time teenagers working there, huh?
Like 18, 19, 13, 14.
No, well that's, yeah.
The QM van will be at the grand opening of advanced auto parts.
It's there right now, as a matter of fact, waiting for you until two o'clock.
And Miguel probably is just really, I know to be a crestfallen for what a bomb, he lay an egg.
A penguin egg.
4380 Southwest 8th Street in Miami.
That's the hub.
That's the heart of our audience man.
Right there on 8th Street, Kai Ocho.
They love this show.
We got those.
About 30 men.
He shirts and the CDs of course, with all kinds of good stuff on them.
And he can sign up to win a thousand dollar shopping street advanced auto parts.
If we gave you a million dollars, would you show up, huh?
No.
Ten million.
No.
A billion.
No.
How about some heat tickets?
No.
Panther tickets.
No.
New underwear.
No.
Pulsio majority in five-sevenths.
I mean that's just, it's just, I'm going to lay down on the floor, you know.
I got a bag too.
Take the like with you.
And having a relapse.
Pulsio majority in five southern states, disaprovert president Bush.
All right.
Southern states.
Got that?
I got it.
And majority of adults in five key southern states disaprovert president Bush's job performance
and says the war in Iraq was not worth fighting according to an Elon University poll released
Friday.
In the survey, 52% of respondents said they disaproved a stronger, disaproved a Bush
of job performance compared to 43% who said they approved a strongly approved.
Actually, when they were with Iraq was worth fighting, a slim majority, 51% said no.
Only 44% of those said yes.
All five of these states went to Bush in the 2004, Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia and Florida less than 18 months later, Bush isn't even close to majority
approval in those states.
How do you like that?
For him, not to even break 50% not to even approach it says all you need to say is 100
bake-hot and Elon political science professor and director of the poll.
In five red states, they've been ardent supporters of Bush.
He can't even approach 50%.
He can't even approach it.
How do you like that?
Can't even come within a farting distance of it.
What kind of a distance is that?
About three feet.
What kind of range do you have?
Tom Beach County teacher, I got news for it.
I could tear out elevators.
I was going to say apartment buildings, entire city blocks.
Tom Beach County teacher arrested after confessing the sex with minors.
The only reason I put this story on there and I'm reading it, you see what school it was?
No.
A man authorities identified as a teacher day private Christian school was arrested
Saturday after he confessed having sex with minors.
Chad Joseph Stoffel, 29, of Palm Springs, a teacher at some of Christian school in West
Palm Beach, which charged with four counts of unorthodox activity with certain minors
and four counts of battery of a child.
According to records from the Palm Beach County Sheriff's office, he's being held at the
Palm Beach County jail on 25 grand bond as of yesterday.
On February 1st, authorities contacted Stoffel in Tennessee.
Oh, that's where we stood this boon's from.
That's why she was so good and walked the line.
Show you the line.
Where he confirmed, she's married to Ryan Philippe.
Where he confessed his actions to a counselor at a religious retreat.
An interview with Detective Stoffel admitted to engaging in sexual conduct October,
November 2005, with a 16-year-old boy he met when both were involved in a lake worth community theater production.
Stoffel also met in having a sexual relationship with one of his students at some of Christian
school that began when the boy was 14 years old, that case is still under investigation.
Stoffel told the authorities he'd engaged in sexual conduct with boys in both Palm Beach
and Broward counties, dating back 10 or 11 years.
In a statement to a authority, he said he's been a music teacher at some of Christian school
in West Palm for the past five and a half years.
A summer Christian school employee, who declined to give her name, said yesterday that he was not currently employed at the school,
though she didn't release information about his exact dates.
Of employment at the school.
Stoffel is a former employee of summer Christian school.
She said school officials are investigating this matter.
A press release will be issued this week, as always our students and families are utmost priority.
Right.
Covering your ass, CYA, that's your utmost priority, honey.
Who the hell you kidding?
Here's some good news for you.
Of all people, man, the Pope ain't going to be too pleased about this or some of those other far-bicinogram.
Guess who's going to be killing the morning after pill?
I give up.
Somebody you hate.
Oh, no, not Walmart.
Yeah, really?
Well, there's money to be made.
Walmart's store said Friday that all of its pharmacies would carry morning after contraceptive pills,
bowing to pressure from state seeking the fourth of world's biggest retailer in Duso.
Quit trying to use your religion as a weapon and beat people over the head with it.
You not see as you bash them.
Oh, Carbombe and Bakuba market, because of least five.
Is that a new one?
Five or four bombings and back.
You could kill at least 3128.
These are new ones now.
Because it's nighttime there.
That's 9 o'clock at night.
So, I guess we're after into bad today.
I don't know if anybody maybe half a dozen people did in the rack today.
That's a bargain.
It's a $4,500.
In a statement posted on its website, Walmart said all of its pharmacies would begin carrying planned bee contraceptives as of March 20th.
But, added that workers who didn't feel comfortable dispensing a prescription could be for customers from other pharmacists or a pharmacy.
A Walmart spokeswoman said the company would not comment beyond the comments, contents of the statement.
We expect more states to require such emergency contraceptives in months ahead said Ron Chomeak, VP of pharmacy for Walmart.
And by the way, any drugs that you take at Walmart, if you take them, you will become a born again Christian.
With an ill.
Oh, yeah, with an hour.
Start speaking in tongues right away.
Right.
Because of this and the fact that this is an FDA approved product, we feel it's difficult to justify being the country's only major pharmacy shame not selling it.
Illinois, Massachusetts already require Walmart to sell them morning after pill, which must be taken within 72 hours after sector for fat pregnancy.
Or I wish I knew that.
Pursue to introduce similar mandates is building a connect in New York.
Walmart's decision to stock emergency contraception will help women across the country prevent unintended pregnancy.
And that's a positive step for the health of women and families, parent or plant parent and federation, prison, Cecil Richards said.
How do you like that?
They're not doing because they want to do it, but because it's good for business because they've been doing it.
We got our 12,000 yet or what?
I don't know yet. I haven't got a lot of work.
This is so demoralizing.
How long is this first going to go on?
This, um, about 30 thing.
How long is this going to go on?
I don't know.
Three months.
Nine sixty nine, baby.
We'll have a thousand votes on this thing before you can say, and Miguel's an idiot.
I know it was just a plan ahead of time, and we're obligated, but it'd be pitiful for him to be a good thing.
I mean, you know, it could have been a van hit without the best of stuff, because that's what would have happened if we weren't running the campaign.
And that would be $300 short of what we got.
Right. So, you know, we might as well take it.
I would have rather put up the 300 myself and avoided all the embarrassment.
This is Neil Rogers.
Yes, it's 5.62 am.
We're going to get a breaky of blow.
Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They have been putting out important rock albums for over 30 years, and they never let us forget how important it is that they are important.
They are you too.
Sometimes you can't make it on your own.
With his dark sunglasses and his, hey, look at me, involvement in political causes, you two's leader, Vano, can be pretty damn egotistical.
Did I hear you take my name in vain?
What?
You used the word damn in the same sentence as God's name.
But, are you Vano?
It's the same thing.
File before me, physical human, N Island.
I'll take over this inside the behind celebrity profile as I see fit.
Now then, Vano is a true superstar, handsome, sexy, extremely talented, and involved in a number of very important sociopolitical crusades.
It is also worth noting that Vano was on a short list ahead the world bank a while ago.
That would have been a **** trip, wouldn't it?
Oh, sorry.
Anyway, on top of his incredible musical ability, Vano is also deeply concerned about the takeover of the world by corporate America.
Oh yeah.
What about that iPod commercial?
What did you say?
I said, what about that iPod commercial?
Well, this is God signing off for now. Have a nice day.
You too.
If thinking your God can make you God, then I guess they're God.
It's a big juicy, sapping lit look at your business tonight, uninsigned of behind.
Oh God!
17 and 560, all the gods all the time, all the bubble mice is all the time.
Here's an interesting facts, which makes me laugh.
What is your opinion as to why South Florida, what is your opinion as to why South Florida can't support classical music radio and jazz radio?
Is it true that we're just not sophisticated enough?
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah.
How are you rising the event?
I had a call like that the first week or two I was on the era of 30 years ago on KAT.
Nero, once you're opinion on the sophistication level of South Florida, you can't complain about the level of sophistication because there isn't any.
No, but I think in this particular case I'd give a different answer.
The reason that South Florida doesn't support classical music radio and jazz radio is there aren't enough pseudo-win-electuals in town.
Can you get an answer to the question?
Yeah.
Works for me.
Enough soons.
Yeah, such a crack.
Okay, what's the deal now?
What's the story?
Three-foldy.
That's the story.
11,925 dollars.
And you wonder why radio stations that don't speak out of, no peek at a punny, why we have no chance?
But outside we got a Chinaman's chance in Perkettorig in there by two o'clock.
You can do it!
No, 11,925.
You know, I realize, and I don't want to put this audience out because they realize that there'll be plenty of other operas in the right to go to places that are close by where they are or where they hang about or where they shop or what.
And at this 4380 Southwest eighth street in Miami is just not a place where our audience now.
I would be fascinated in fighting out, unlike Smokey Bones BBQ or whatever that place was on Friday.
Bones fish.
Bones fish.
Schmack.
I wonder if they're like, hey, we're getting a whole lot of people out there for the big grand opening.
I don't know.
Well, next time a girl calls you might want to ask them, yeah, because if there's a whole lot of people coming by, they probably aren't our people.
You probably won't say.
Although it would be nice to have a be feather in our cap if we, you know, we're getting that place full of a lot of times of people going in and buying all kinds of auto parts, you know?
Sure.
There's Donald Trump who makes me want to vomit.
You too?
You know what his story is? He's got a lot of money.
Nothing else. He's got a lot of money in his on television.
No, nothing. He has zero.
He has ridiculous here.
We got that kind of money out of what better than that. Send him to Chuck Alphierry.
I mean, he's just, he's just an idiot. He's boring. He's as dull as a kid. If I, if I.
Oh, congratulations. If I, well, there's Lou Dobbs. You know what I want to play?
What?
Thanks to Volka Brian, speaking of Lou Dobbs.
President Bush has put forth a challenge tonight that I simply can't ignore.
The president yesterday said he wanted those who are critical and questioning of this poor deal to close, step up and explain why all of a sudden a middle eastern company is held to a different standard than a great British company.
In quote, well, first of all, Mr. President, to equate any country to your principal partner in the coalition,
ignores that special relationship. This country is enjoyed with the United Kingdom for decades and decades.
And this also is not just a British company at an Arab company, as I think you well know.
Peninsula and Oriental Steam navigation is a British privately owned company.
The Biports world is a UAE government controlled and owned company.
You see the difference, of course.
And furthermore, the money used to fund the 9-11 attacks.
Most of it, in fact, was sent to the hijackers through the UAE banking system.
In fact, two of the hijackers were originally from the UAE.
The UAE stoned walled US efforts to track all T-ded bank accounts after 9-11.
In addition, the Emirates does not recognize Israel as a sovereign state.
And the UAE was a transfer point for shipments of nuclear technology to Iran or Korea and Libya.
And if those aren't good enough reasons, I would just suggest I'm at a complete loss to offer what might be considered good reasons.
Still, I had a year. Do you wonder why President Bush is insisting on pushing this port deal through?
Well, we do, too. And we've taken a look into it.
We'll have a special report on what appears to be the Bush administration's special relationship with Dubai.
And Dubai's friends in high places on case street lobbyists don't see anything wrong with helping push this $7 billion port deal through.
Even if it raises serious questions about national security.
The interesting thing is the only thing he had gone, that's why his poll numbers have dropped into the floor.
The only thing he had gone was one thing. Safety, safety.
Yeah, the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
Safety, safety.
Yeah, the only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
The only thing he had gone was the only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
Safety, safety.
Yeah, the only thing he had gone was the only one thing.
But anyway, oh, here's one thing I think you'll like.
Two of them.
Christian Broadcaster, Pat Robertson, criticized by some evangelicals for comments about
Vince Wailer's president and his really his prime minister.
How is he doing by the way, Ariel?
Don't say him no more.
Lost a bit for reelection of the National Religious Broadcasters, board of directors,
you're out, Pat.
Even they're embarrassed by him.
Even those going are embarrassed.
Robertson, founder of the Virginia-based Christian Broadcasting Network,
is one of 38 candidates for 33 board seats during the NRB's recent convention.
The group represents mostly evangelical radio and TV broadcasters,
proselytizers, the God Squad.
NRB president Frank Wright said there was no, I wonder if he's going to Frank Wright
who used to be the horse guy who died.
So there was no broad effort to distance the group from Robertson,
but there was some broad dismay with Pat's comments,
and if he may, we're not helpful to Christian Broadcasters in general,
he said, Washington's Washington Post, Walt Wednesdays.
In the past few months, Robertson suggested that the Benito Island president,
Hugo Chavez, should be assassinated, and that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Saron Stroke
was divine punishment for pulling out of the Gaza Strip.
Robertson's spokesman said there has been a board member for 30 years.
Absolutely.
But 30, man.
But attended only one board meeting due to his extensive schedule.
It wasn't amicable and expected that he would not continue to serve Roy.
Yeah, right.
Right, your mama.
Liar.
Religion is liar.
Sorry for the redundancy, okay?
We're almost in a thousand votes, I believe.
Got it?
994.
I've actually a refresher coming up.
997.
997.
See what I'm saying?
So four more votes.
We got our thousand.
It's 91.30.
But out there at Southwest Eight Street, we got Sirus, baby.
We got real Sirus.
Federal court secrecy of Sherpley and Bush is watched.
Well, I'm sure doing a lot of bedtime stories today, you know what?
So you could take that one more.
I got a story that I think red rain could prove that aliens have landed.
Okay.
You want to hear this one?
Sure.
I think I'll move it up on my pile.
I'm not sure you're asking.
It's from the Brit Observer, which is not like some pie-eyed wild-eyed publication.
There's a small bottle containing a red fluid on a shelf in Sheffield University's microbiology laboratory.
The liquid looks cloudy and uninteresting.
Yet, if one group of scientists is directly, the vile contains the first sample of extra-terrestrial
life isolated by researchers.
Inside the bottle are samples left over from one of the strangest incidents in recent
meteorological history.
I bet you even miss Hawkeimer is weird about this.
He's weird.
On July 25, 2001, blood-red rain fell over the Corralivistric in Western India.
And these rain bursts continued for the next two months, all along the coasted rain crimson,
turning local people's clothes pink, burning leaves on trees, and falling as the scarlet
sheets at some point.
Investigations suggested the rain was red because winds had swept up dust from Arabia
and dumped it on Corrala, but God-free Lewis, a physicist at the Hanth McGendor University,
after gathering samples left over from the rains, concluded this was nonsense.
If you look at these particles under a microscope, you can see they are not dust.
They have a clear biological appearance, you see.
Instead, Lewis decided that the rain was made up of bacteria-like material that had been swept
to earth from a passing comet.
In short, it rained aliens over India during the summer of 2001.
Remember, it's raining men?
No, they got it's raining aliens.
Maybe when alienito was on there.
Maybe that's how he got to the Miami.
He didn't come in on a rubber rack. He got in a rain alien, ito.
Not everyone is convinced by the idea.
Of course, indeed, most researchers think it is highly dubious.
One scientist posted a message on Lewis' website that described it as
valshmit.
But, but a few researchers believe Lewis may be honest something or following up on his work.
Milton Wayne, a microbiologist at Sheffield, is now testing samples of Corrala's red rain.
It's too early to say what's in the vial, he said, but it's certainly not dust.
Nor is there any DNA there, but then alien bacteria wouldn't necessarily contain DNA.
Critical Lewis' theory is the length of time that the red rain fell on Corrala.
Two months as too long for it to have been win-born dust, he says.
In addition, one analysis showed the particles were 50% carbon, 45% oxygen,
with traces of sodium and iron, consistent with biological material.
Lewis also discovered that hours before the first red rain fell, there was a loud sonic boom
that shook houses in Corrala.
Only an incoming meteorite could have triggered such a blast, he claims.
This had broken from a passing comet and shot toward the coast, shedding microbes as it traveled.
These that mixed with clouds and fell with the rain.
Many scientists accept that comets could be rich in organic chemicals,
and a few such as late-fret hoi, like UK theorists, argued that life on Earth evolved from microbes
that had been brought here on comets.
Maybe they're maybe a can of comet cleanser.
Maybe there's like people in there.
There's things like hell.
But most researchers say that Lewis is making too great leap in connecting his rain with microbes from a comet.
For his party's unrepentant.
If anybody hears a theory like this that is from a comet, they dismiss it as unbelievable kind of conclusion.
Unless people understand our arguments, people rule that out is an impossible thing,
that an extraterrestrial biology is responsible for this red rain.
But it is. They're like little peoples, man.
Maybe like those sea monkeys you see in the back of the comet books advertised?
Yeah, at least you used to.
What about them?
Maybe that's what's in the jar, in the bottle.
Sea monkeys? I've seen a few.
1027 at a QAM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.M.
Do I obvious only cartoon network?
It's here, Woody and Bowwinkle.
Hey, here, Rocky. Watch me for the rabbit over my journey.
Oh, Bowwinkle, that trick never works.
So could it be me? Let's go.
That was no rabbit, Bowwinkle. That was an insertion.
Oh, you're going to get a new trophy.
Hello and welcome to a current affair.
Mr. Cheney, Harry, and I wanted to have you both on my show.
I see you guys are still friends.
We are.
Harry, your thoughts?
Absolute.
Mr. Wittington?
Dick, is he okay?
Harry Wittington is on the man I'm doing very well.
How does he do this all the time?
Well, he's your friend and the coins.
Whatever. He's making a weird, tricky noise.
Oh, Harry, you okay?
You hit your head hard. Are you all right?
I'm on the side, I'm full.
Yeah, thanks, Dick. You've been a great help.
Yeah, we all right.
Oh, we're fine.
Priest Purify Shrine after Bush visit.
Puray it?
Priest Purify Shrine in New Delhi, but not for a reason you think.
I could understand immediately.
Hindu Priest, who looked after the memorial of Indian independence leader Mahandas Gandhi,
conducted a purification ceremony at the shrine after a visit from President Bush.
But it wasn't the president who offended them.
It was these stiffer dogs who scoured the area ahead of his visit.
It was a picture of one of those nice dogs.
I don't know what it is, but I can't really tell.
Probably a German shepherd, I imagine.
No.
After the dog visit, the memorial was cleansed with water brought from the Ganges River,
which Hindus consider holy.
They Hindustan Times newspaper reported yesterday.
The Ganges.
How about I brought a fast guy who would tell manjis, who used to drive at Buffalo Resway in Batavi,
down?
I wonder if Dell of manjis ever drove on the Ganges.
Bush visited the memorial on Thursday during a street day visit to India.
They said where President's icon Gandhi was cremated is considered sacred.
And all visitors, including Bush and his wife Laura,
removed their shoes before going in.
They had to take off their shoes.
The dogs pulling in from the US were part of the intense security surrounding the president,
but the Hindu priests believed they tainted the site.
Ooh, maybe they dropped, maybe they left a little something behind.
Oh, letting dogs in the memorial also do sharp protests from Hindu politicians
and Gandhi's great grandson Tushar, or is that Tushi Gandhi,
took the province in a national shame, the press trust of Indian news agency reported.
It's a national shame that the American president brought them dogs here.
Oh, boy.
I got a news where I mentioned the dogs smell better than them curry, that curry crowd.
Wow.
Oh, man.
You got to come up here sometime just to a sniff.
All right.
Well, speaking of that, what a good segue.
We'll be right back.
Second A Quebec.
Remember we had a story about the 15-year-old girl who thought we should watch you die
because her boyfriend, Kister and J.A.
and the peanut butter sandwich?
That's right.
Well, guess what?
That 15-year-old girl with a peanut allergy did not die from kissing your boyfriend following his peanut butter snack a corner said Friday.
Contra reports that drew international attention last year, and we actually talked about it right here on this very important show.
By the way, did I ask after the last break how we're doing?
I think I keep forgetting to ask.
I don't know what did we get a report here, Josh.
We're at 380.
Well, that's a 585 and 385, 6965.
Only 2 more pieces.
2 easy pieces.
And we'll have it leaked.
Boy, you talk about weak.
But, you know, it's not only not in our neck, it's not even anywhere close to where our audience is.
You know, they don't live there.
They don't shop there.
They don't know from there.
They don't want to be there.
Saginae coroner Michael Amiran said Christina Dess Forza's death had a different cause, but he refused for the disclosure.
So, he first wanted to report the provincial coroner exam in the more test results.
He said he was speaking out now to head off an allergy group's plan to use the case as an example in a awareness effort.
The Canadian Association of Food Allergies intended to use the deforestation case to watch an education campaign.
He said, I had to tell him the cause of death was different than first believed.
Christina Diedmay Quebec Hospital, November reports that the time said doctors were unable to treat her allergic reaction to the case the previous weekend.
As the girl began feeding ill, friends called an ambulance and she collapsed as it arrived and died four days later.
I like that.
So, it wasn't that evil case.
Although some people get the evil case off, which I think is what clearance is going to get at 2 o'clock.
They'd case on that.
The case off.
Federal court secrecy, up sharply, on Bush's watch.
What a surprise, man.
In the fascist USA.
In my wildest dreams, never did my prognostic case in the America.
I imagine that they would come so full circle.
Okay?
Despite the 6th Amendment's guarantee of public trials nearly all records have been kept secret for more than 5,000 defendants who completed their journey through the federal courts over the last three years.
Instances of such secrecy more than double from 2003 to 2005.
Everything now is a big secret and it's all because of the war on terror.
An AP investigation found in court observers agreed that most of these defendants are cooperating government witnesses,
but the secrecy surrounding their records prevents the public from knowing details of their plea bargains with the government.
Most of these defendants are involved in drug gangs, though they'll likely a very small number come from terrorism cases.
Some of those cooperating witnesses are among the most unsavory characters in America's courts, multiple murderers and drug dealers,
but the public can't learn whether their testimony against Confederates won them drastically reduced prison sentences or even a freedom.
Maybe they're walking around out there right by you right now.
Maybe they're right up the street getting ready to come and knock on your door.
Maybe when and that we let them out.
Oh my God.
They made a bunch of bubble-mice, as much as stories about their neighbors all being a bunch of terrorists planning to blow the universe up.
Who the hell knows?
I guarantee a confidence is very high.
Look at that.
2018, my God.
2018, old bean.
2018 votes on the pool today.
Everything is going swimmingly well except...
Except that fundraiser out there.
It's the grand opening, baby. Now did you ask Miguel if there's like a big crowd out there?
Actually, he called me and told me that there is a crowd, but it ain't our crowd.
Needless to say.
It's coyote.
See.
Oh yeah.
Thank you, baby.
The worst movie of 2005, didn't see any of them.
344, 33.5% of third.
A third of this audience didn't see any of the 2005 movies and when he come right down to a separate crash, he didn't miss much.
Right?
I don't know what I'm chanced at.
There's a lot of guy called about Harold and Kumar.
I forgot about that because it was a comedy.
So you don't really...
Did we put it on there? I don't even know if it's on there.
No, because it was a good movie.
Oh.
Now see, I looked up Garden State.
Remember I told you that I was stuck in that because it was on TV.
It had four stars.
2004, just missed the cutoff.
I beg you people, if you see that on TV, if somebody brings a DVD to your house and says,
here, watch this for free.
Burn it.
Do not watch it. Just burn one.
Didn't see any 344.
Dupesah has it 140, but that was the really stunned joint out.
It did.
I hate this 47.
Broke ass mounting 74.
That was garbage.
Someone will...
An ang Lee, oh my god.
Get rid of him.
War of the world 67, VW 54, douche bigot, European jiggleo 52.
As in, how low can you go, JJ?
Get rich, you die trying 29, Star Wars 3, 25.
House of Wax 18, dual mate team, still 15.
The Fantastic 4, 14.
I'll be sure to catch the 4, 14.
Electro 14, King Kong 13, Harry Potter the Goblet of Fire 11.
The constant Gardener 10 just absolutely blows.
Aeon Flux 10, Supercross the movie 6.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 5.
Hide and seek 5.
Well, that's the old great, isn't that the great read story?
Yeah.
Guess who 4, alone in the dark 3, into the blue 3,
Nell Blue, I can't get out of my mind now.
Dependent to me, but you don't have it by Dominic O'Medunio.
No, sorry.
Later, it wasn't a hit.
Well, Ari, by Dean Martin, boy, could he belt one out or not?
Let's see, into the blue 3, domino 3,
9 songs 1, Ma Mady and I'm the scabber gun, none.
There was.
There was, and 29 votes.
Ma Mady.
Remember Mary?
No.
That's the Virgin Mady to you.
So we have 11, 9, 65.
I have a feeling after this break we come back,
and if we don't get to the 12,000 following this break,
I just, I don't know.
I'm supposed to hear my underwirtle tour clock.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5, 16, QA.
Yeah!
Hey, chill.
Absolutely.
I'm not going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm not going to be a little bit more serious.
When they pay to do death row,
From then on, run, run, run, run,
From then on, run, run, run.
Yeah, I have no moves.
And I want to shoot,
All the comeback with the gun,
And then run, run, run, run, run, run.
Yeah, roll, yeah, roll, yeah, roll, yeah, roll.
144.
I got some bad news.
There's bad news tonight, boys and girls.
Yeah.
Why don't we, what's our total now?
400.
What, your voice cracked just then.
Sorry about that.
And you can't see, I don't blame them.
By the way, did you not catch that?
Because I don't do.
I didn't catch it.
All right.
Played again.
400 out there though.
Hey.
I caught it.
That's why I played it, because I caught it.
But anyway, I don't mean I caught it.
I didn't hit nothing.
But in other words, I knew it was there.
So now we have JJ and we got JJJ.
Junior Prince, Josh and Josh.
Well, they'd probably hit him every day, you know.
Who's that?
The powers that be they'd probably got.
Our Josh?
Our own.
What are you talking about?
What you'd be talking about, boy?
Yeah.
I got Robbie.
I'm going to put it on.
I have to dump it.
His ass is on the line.
It's a pretty skinny line there.
What are you talking about?
How come this is the first time hearing of it?
It's right on the ear.
I thought you knew.
You thought I knew they were brow beating Josh Cordis
about the dumping stuff on his show.
You always brow beat whoever's in here.
Me, Josh, whoever's sitting here.
Governor Mike Rounds, the story on Saturday
was he was inclined to sign the abortion ban
to bad news as he signed it today in South Dakota.
Side of bill, though, with ban nearly all abortions in South Dakota,
making it a crime for doctors to perform an abortion
unless it was necessary to save the wounds life.
The ban, including in cases of rape and insist,
was approved Friday by South Dakota lawmakers.
And the Governor Mike Rounds signed it today.
Coming at a time when some activists
at the US Supreme Court is more willing than ever to overturn
Roe v Wade.
Plan parenthood, which operates the only clinic in South Dakota,
that provides abortions, vowed to sue.
But even before the bill has a signature,
that in other words didn't get until today,
money to defend it poured in.
Lawmakers were told during the debate that an anonymous donor
pledged a million dollars to defend the ban,
and legislature was sending up a special account
to accept donations.
We've had people stop in our office trying to drop off
checks of growth and the defense of the legislation already
around said, the right wingers are pouring in the cash
in South Dakota.
How do you like that?
No more abortions, man.
The fee goes out.
Because the round fee is the only way.
That's the state they should have done.
So you got 11,000, 95 down there at Advanced Auto Parts.
Right.
I think I'll be spending a lot of time in the dentist tomorrow.
My tooth just started getting real after what I just heard there.
So in other words, not only if I got overcome,
JJ, those two, now I've also got overcome the influence
that they've, the evil spirit that they've cast over
our Josh's head, so that even though I can't,
I use my judgment, the only thing that they don't,
they don't want to get on the air.
Is that what you're saying?
Your judgment isn't good enough if Josh,
if they hear something, and Josh doesn't know what to do.
Josh got the judge.
He's fired.
Josh Cordis.
Okay.
Now let me ask you between Josh Cordis and Josh Darrell,
how many years of the two of them in his business put together?
I know.
I'm just asking that in passing.
I don't want to like getting into a big song in advance.
How many years would you say 10 total?
Maybe.
I'm just guessing.
I think you're well possible.
I could be one, I know Darrell was a,
a board off slash producer when I came to work here.
So, flunk that was eight years ago.
Right.
And our Josh buck too, right?
Well, with you guys, yeah, I put on the bassin' it on.
So, you're talking 10 years.
And I'm glad to see that you guys have learned so much in such a short period of time
that your judgment is stellar.
It's good.
So, one more $20 is out there.
Maybe just somebody wants to come by and throw 15 bucks at McGillrile Fasten
and Hall I had.
So, a drive-by.
Yeah, just a good drive-by.
A DVD, a drive-by donation.
Sounds good to me.
Scientists in food fight over soda.
Oh, they're young.
I'm so glad that I learned that just before 2 o'clock.
Yeah.
I really do think, remember the day last week when I told you my blood pressure was sky high
and I was having a nervous breakdown because of the way that this whole,
these things are being handled now.
Uh-huh.
This dictatorial madness.
And now this morning my blood pressure was 124 over 80.
My blood sugar was 86.
I haven't heard.
Other than my clone, my two of which, you know, my tongue is still hearing from biting it.
In fact, I may have to bite it now.
Oh, don't bite.
But, uh, I haven't been in such fine fiddle in a long time.
And obviously that doesn't sit well with somebody who wants to a 2 o'clock again start, start up again.
I've taken it right now, Clarins.
It's going to be ugly.
Okay.
It's going to be ugly.
No matter how you slice it, no matter how you present it, it's going to be ugly.
So, as they say, cover yourself accordingly.
Low fat, low cow, low carb, atkin, southeast of zone, food fats made distracting attention from something more insidiously piling on pounds.
Here we go at this again, beverages.
Well, it's true.
Yeah, and though it is.
I think what they ought to do is they should outlaw beverages with sugar in them.
Right.
What's wrong with drinking diet soda?
Nothing.
That was the first thing that I did to, uh, to get life back under control.
Yeah, I think they're right mind-dringed soda with sugar in it.
Oh, only a few people.
Only a few people, yeah.
And they're giving me a clue.
One of the five calories in the American diet is liquid calories.
I mean, there are no calories in the soda.
I'm drinking my caffeine-free diet Pepsi right now.
And maybe it'll kill me, but I really doubt it.
And it tastes just fine to me.
I'm taking a swing right now just to prove it.
Good.
One of every five calories in America has died.
His liquid, the nation's single biggest food is soda.
And nutrition experts have long demonized it.
Now they're escalating the fight.
They're cranking it up.
Yeah, that's right.
Can't get your kids into the schools and set a soda machines.
Get them all like great fruit juice.
Yeah.
Yeah, pure sugar and pure calories, man.
Who the hell are you kidding?
In addition to which, you know, fruit juice, this business about nutritional value of apple juice.
And the, uh, once it's been oxidized like that,
it has no nutritional value.
None.
None.
It's like you people that are drinking the orange juice for breakfast every morning thinking you're doing something.
Uh, what?
Once you open up that carton or that plastic jug, if you get the really big containers,
once you open it up and sit in the refrigerator, it starts oxidizing.
Oh, the nutritional value is gone.
It's gone, baby, assuming there was a lot there in the first place.
In addition to which, it's pasteurized.
You know what that means?
Like, it means it's a total of the calories.
Which, which whatever value was in there, most of it was gone before you open it and start oxidizing.
So the amount of nutritional value you get from drinking all that juice,
you could put in a thimble and have room for fat boys ass left over in there.
And reports to be published in science journals this week,
two groups of researchers hope to add evidence to their theory that soda and other sugar sweeten drinks just don't go hand in hand with obesity,
but actually cause it.
Not that these drinks are the only cause, of course.
Genetics exercise on the factors involved, but that they are one cause, perhaps the leading cause.
Quick drink and so much soda, as my mother would say.
Smart one.
Oh, there's, um...
My heart was beating so fast, I thought it was going to pop out of my mouth and fall into the crowd.
Yeah?
Two?
Philip, see more hot food.
Here you go. We like him, he's good.
A little strange, but he's good.
Anyway, a small point it says, and we already proving this would be a scientific leap that could help make a case for higher taxes on soda.
We say, let's find lots of bottle, how do you like that?
Tax, just like with cigarettes.
Restrictions and how aware it's sold, maybe even surge in general's warning on labels.
We've done it with cigarettes that one scientist advertising this very popkin.
I wonder if he's kind of Mary Hopkins, if the University of North Carolina and Chapel Hill, very popkin.
Mary Hopkins.
Comparison soda and obesity to a tobacco and lung cancer is a baseless crusade industry spokesman say,
I think it's laughable, said Richard Adamson.
He's the senior science consultant of the American Beverage Association.
He's paid lackey on their payroll.
Lackey exercise and reporting habits are far bigger contributors to America's weight, woe is, he said.
Woe is me.
The science is being stretched at Adam Geronowski, director of nutritional sciences at the University of Washington, Seattle.
He owns stock and beverage companies, he's in an extensive research in the field.
Much of the finance fantasy, but also some by government.
Right.
However, those making the case against soda include some of the nation's top obesity researchers of prestigious institutions like Harvard and Yale.
So in other words, they don't have the scientists at Harvard and Yale on the payroll like they used to.
Dr. Frederic is there.
We used to tell us, what I'm sure he was good, either by like the pound is good.
Double it down.
He's the new reject committee of age, man.
It's great for him.
He's five 16 years old.
Seen Jack gave from home.
He is our engine student for Daran.
He's grew a lot of people for people sometimes get down.
But God is the right thing to do, come.
Anybody here, take a mission, stop.
Who gave all of round their car?
He's not the stupid guy who should be for his own.
He's the one making a shower with his son.
He's the desire that one of the White House is before.
Or with Christians who know what's best for you and me.
He grew a lot of people.
He was in some people.
In other words, do we have anybody here?
We say, town to great people.
Born to shelter the heart of the heart.
He's got this by my side.
He's long and can't pay why.
He grew a lot of people.
Okay, and the final total from our big appearance today from the big QM van hit is 420.
So they just got us over the 12,000 mark, huh?
All right.
12,000 and five bucks, but that's pretty lame.
But what did I say today?
Our goal was 420.
You know what I said right at the beginning?
That's right.
When I heard that it was going to be on KOcho, they did on the darn.
Here's Jimmy and Buffalo who faxed in his obviously very eye rate.
Are you guys answering the toll free number or not?
No.
No, not answering.
I don't know.
Maybe half doesn't cause all day because you know why?
Why put the only son of the audience?
They got no material today and leave them alone.
I've been calling and getting a answer.
Is Yadi Yadi the right number?
Yes.
Hell, I'm a dialogue distance if I have to.
For what, Jimmy?
See, then he doesn't say what it is.
My email addresses Yadi Yadi.
Let me know what's going on.
Jimmy and Buffalo, PSB TV down sucks.
Well, hey, Jimmy and Buffalo.
I know one of you are silly.
You're in Buffalo.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
If I was in Buffalo, I'd be really p-oed.
Airv's thinking they three to five inches, six to seven.
They're like snowed in and ice in.
We got nothing here.
Baby, it's beautiful.
The sun is shining.
The birds are peeing like crazy.
It's a beautiful thing.
So sorry, Jimmy.
You know, we apologize that he'd have to be stuck in Buffalo.
We got both from all in the Attu to Fall show coming up next.
Bye, bye, bye.
