I'm going to visit the fight and build the code on the night to shine from you to a wide
I'm not the review high behind that mask.
30 years on Wednesday.
You know, nothing has changed.
Nothing has changed 30 years?
No.
Nothing has changed.
30 years ago you would have predicted you'd be doing your show from Toronto every day.
Business, business still sucks.
Sales department still sucks.
If I sound a little bit bitter, it's because Todd Drek was in it this morning.
I'm going to say the same word to him.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No matter which voice he said, just go away Todd.
Do not come back anymore.
Any more.
All he wants is everything.
And that...
Beth, oh my God.
There's a special place in hell for you, honey.
She's sandbagged us on Friday.
Well, I wouldn't wish on Hitler what she did to my show.
I wouldn't wish it on Osama Yamama.
I wouldn't wish it on Bush.
I've not really seen a lot.
Would you wish it on Mo?
No.
Wow.
No.
Hmm.
She's evil.
Let me tell you something.
I see the way these things are really changing big time now.
Remember what I told you?
The faces change, but the game stays the same.
Well, there was a nice story about you today.
I know.
Now, why are you telling me that?
There wasn't, like, I don't have it here.
And Jesus, you people are like, it's a lot of us.
Oh, I just thought it was a nice story.
Before you were awake this morning, I thought that story.
Yeah.
Kevin back to you in a nice job.
Yeah.
The photographer lady that came by, she was a little bit annoying,
but she was all right.
She only took about 300 pages.
I would have added one thing to that story.
What's that?
I would have gotten a little bit into when you went through your...
I would call your broadcast metamorphosis when you went from doing...
Because you were a different show when you started.
Right, that's correct.
And I was a boring show catering to people over the age of 100.
I was a babysitter for old farts.
And then I decided this is, if it's boring to me,
what must it be to anybody under the age of 100 out there
with these ponderous guests?
Yeah.
So, nothing worse to me than...
And I know you don't agree with this, but guests to me are like a tune-out.
But the pens, sometimes you get those...
They sucky with one.
Guests remind me of the sales department, and they suck.
All those boring.
And most of them, by the way, are dead now, you know?
Madeline O'Hare.
She was always good for a laugh.
She was real cut up.
Henry Rothblatt.
Oh, yeah.
Stop there!
He's dead.
And you might know what he's dead because he didn't go to the doctor.
He's a good guy, though.
Now I'm nutrition, my nutrition-quack guest I used to have on the carer-practor guy.
All those old...
I mean, you know, I guess it served a purpose because I got from point A to point B.
You know what I'm saying?
It was like a Gary Condewitt.
Like from a first-base to third-base.
See, when I read a story that's in a supplement like that, I would like to know a little bit of why, not just what.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, just basically, I mean, Kevin did a good job with what he had, but it's just a lick and a shmere, you know?
How do you cover 30 years of a show with, you know, 200 words or whatever he wrote?
Yeah, well.
And the picture of me sitting there with his radio prop...
Well, it was kind of a cute idea, but that picture, man.
Wow.
It looked like Marlene Deetrick in that picture.
Yeah.
Don't you think?
I don't know about that.
Or who was it that said I want to be alone?
Was that her?
Was that the other one?
Uh, Greta Garbo.
Greta Garbo.
Same difference.
Yeah, I look like Greta Garbo in that picture, but I'd pose on that the old radio there.
That's an evil radio.
You do want to be alone.
You're not think on crowds?
No, I'm absolutely not.
If I, when it's crowded at Woodbuy, man, I run the hell out.
I can't stand all this smelly old nasty people standing over your shoulder staring at your machine, man.
Oh, man.
So it is 2008, that's it?
Well, what does that mean?
That's an historic.
Yeah.
I'll let you know in 2007.
When the offer comes along.
There's already an offer.
I'm not thinking about that.
I'm not going to work until I croak on the ear.
I don't know about you, but that's not my idea of how I want to go.
No, definitely not.
Like Bob Barker, for example.
He's losing it.
I was down there for three days, by the way, three of the worst days of my life.
Where were you, brother?
I hate it more.
That's a one thing Kevin Backster wrote that I want to thank him for writing that.
South Florida, me is like hell.
When were you here?
I was there last weekend.
Saturday Sunday and Monday.
What'd you do?
Satin 8, watch TV and 8.
Oh.
Did my tax stuff and a few other things I had to take care of.
But basically I sat there and ate, and ate, and ate, and ate, and ate.
And I came to ice cream and I came to candy.
It's the same old neurotic repetition every time I come home.
It's the same, it's like, you know, do I want to commit suicide or not?
I will guarantee you this.
If I did, if I did not have this deal up here, I'd have been dead a long time.
I'd have been, you know, that guy that's calling it all the time, wants it to win.
I'm planning on dying because I can come to my funeral.
He already would have been there.
He would have already written about it.
In fact, the article by Kevin Backster would have been an o-bit, not a-what-er-what-er-was.
That I find out it was in the business section.
Yeah.
Well, who now reads the business section, business people?
Yeah.
What about people that are listening to radio?
Nobody saw it.
In the business section, they put this thing.
What does this guy do with business?
Maybe a little monkey business.
That's okay.
People who buy advertising read it.
Yeah.
Well, you think RCL department is going to sell him spots?
Oh, brother.
You must really have had a good weekend because you got a great sense of humor this morning.
I did have a good weekend.
What a laugh that is, man.
Wow.
What a panic.
So you just came down here for three days?
That's how you spent your vacation?
No, then I was back here.
What do you mean how I spent my vacation?
What does that mean?
Usually you go to Europe or someplace.
I don't.
I'm cutting back on those trips.
I'm getting to be old, man.
I can't all that traveling.
Oh, God.
If I don't care if you're older, young me old, traveling is the same for everybody.
Well, it's a hassle.
I don't have to.
I'll tell you that.
And then when I came back to flight from Fort Lauderdale, which now I'm using Lauderdale
instead of Miami because I thought it'd be a big improvement.
Fort Lauderdale, it's the wheelchair express man, no matter what flight you're on, there's like a half a dozen wheelchairs.
They got a slap on their first.
And then there are like two other people waiting to go to Montreal for a flight that was two hours later sitting there in wheelchairs.
God, you can always tell when you're in Broward County.
When the average age is death plus one.
I was the same in Dave County.
No, no, no.
I tell you.
Oh, yes.
You're telling me Dave County is as old as Broward County?
There's as many wheelchairs I'd say in that.
On the flights?
Yes.
Not when I've gone.
Maybe one or two.
There were five wheelchairs lined up before they started boarding the plane.
Five.
I mean, it is?
Yes.
She is.
Man.
Where did I go from?
Oh, yeah.
I came back.
I went out.
I came back from Las Vegas to Miami.
And getting on the flight.
There were five wheelchairs coming on from Las Vegas to here.
Now, maybe those people just, you know, you know, I've never seen it.
I've seen it fairly often.
But you go into a casino anywhere.
And there are people.
They're like in their 90s.
And they've got, they not only have the walker or they're in the wheelchair.
But they also have like the oxygen tank.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen that?
Yes.
And I'm thinking to myself, I don't know how to describe that.
In other words, they try to like squeeze the last bits of enjoyment.
Or they just that compulsive.
It reminds me that the people are compulsive smokers.
Oh, it's like the story about the guy who was running to make the first race at Aquarok.
And he's getting off the train.
And he's trying to run up the stairs.
And has the big one.
And as he's falling, he hands the guy next to him.
20 dollars.
And that's it.
Yeah.
It's like compulsive smokers.
You're like are dying from infecema or lung cancer and other deathbed.
They've got a hole cut in their throat and their one pipe so they can smoke through the pipe.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes.
Yeah.
That's true.
Exactly.
That is really something.
But we're all hooked on something.
You know what I mean?
Yes, sugar.
Sugar, and of course, then the people sneak out the sugar when they stick in front of your face.
Here you go.
Okay, yourself.
Come on.
Come on.
Let's see how much you can eat.
Let's see if we can get that blood sugar up to about 700.
So I just raced out of that place, man.
I'm not high-made of throught.
I will.
Let me tell you right now.
I will never, ever spend three days in South Florida.
The longest I will ever come back for is a day.
Well, yeah, probably be better off to fly your accountant up there.
Not about it.
I have to come back.
To do your taxes?
Well, I say I don't have to come back there.
I have to go back to the States like every so often.
Oh, to maintain your relative.
Right.
You just can't come here and stay here forever.
You can stay 180 days, which is pretty lenient.
That's six months, you know.
So?
Which I know what you do.
What do you do?
Niagara Falls.
Yeah.
That's true.
Niagara Falls on the US side.
They've got the Indians have a nice casino on the US side.
You do that anyway.
What?
No, I don't go on the US side.
Well, are we going to go through this again?
Oh, no, I can't take it.
First time, I reckon the Humphreys lose it.
I don't go to the casino on the American side.
I don't cross customs when they've got the beautiful falls
between the casino and Niagara Falls on Terriol.
I keep trying to explain that to you.
You've been hanging out too much with Dick Stockton, man.
That's your problem.
Yeah.
I'm guarantee you.
Because he reminds me too much of Mo.
He's nothing like him.
No, I'm just talking about his the sound.
You know, that New York, Julie Sound at Mo and Dick Stockton.
And you know, who else has that same sound?
Is Sam Rosen?
Which you wouldn't know Sam because he has the Ranger games.
Yeah, I know Sam.
That's football, huh?
What a shout out.
He's got.
But anyway, he's good.
But he's got that state.
You know the sound I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do.
Real New York, Julie Sound.
It's I-O.
Marv-
Not Marv-
He's Steve Levy.
Sounds like that too.
It pretends to do hockey games.
Well, by the way, Steve Levy, we're saying that's what I wanted to talk to you about.
You're lying to me about Dave O'Brien.
What's that?
Oh, I started thinking about this when I was home.
It was like 16 different versions of ESPN.
I see you've been on there on ESPN ABC for a long time back when it was only one.
So it means something.
Yeah.
But now you say, oh, but he's on ESPN as if to suggest that that means somebody's got talent.
Everybody's on ESPN.
Even even Christina Moron was on ESPN.
So that doesn't mean anything.
But Dave does.
Dave.
He's boring man.
He's bland.
He's just a voice.
Dave does.
Dave knows personality.
He's got no nothing.
He's just a voice.
He's their number two baseball guy.
So what does that mean?
That means there ain't a lot of good baseball guys around, which is true.
On speaking of baseball, all I can say is.
Oh, right.
Love those marlins.
They're back again.
Thursday, 1250.
Marlin exhibition is baseball.
We're going.
What do you mean we're going?
We're all going up to the game.
Yeah.
Who's we?
You were the beast.
Me and the beast.
Cope.
A greeper.
Yeah.
Oh, greeper is gone.
I will probably cancel the game.
We're just going on like a class trip.
You know, we're going to go to a ball game together and bomb.
Oh, you're going to bond with Robert Creeper.
You guys are getting desperate.
You know what?
I enjoy going to a well spring training baseball game.
I do.
Good.
I'm happy for you.
Just a day out, my son.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Wow.
Chris Hitter is still looking at Rollins about team Canada.
Oh, I was so happy to see that man.
I had nearly sexual excitement watching him get beaten at a last game.
Oh, man, it was beautiful.
Oh, you were the guy who watched.
Now, you think they weren't watching here?
This whole country was like on pins and needles.
And others, they're stabbing each other with needles.
Nice going Wayne.
Old needle knows it's not bad enough that he and Janica had the bad gambling problem.
And that's not bad enough that any picks all these old trolls on old and slow old and slow.
Any other European teams just gave it circles around him.
How about the US team?
And wasn't it?
Yeah, they also took big time when I had nobody and wasn't it nice to see all these guys like Haschic and Mattias Olen.
All these very important players get injured over there so that their NHL teams are going to have to suffer now.
That same thing is going to happen in that baseball tournament.
And they're already talking about Vancouver in 2010.
We'll be back.
These people never learn their lesson.
Gary Bentman, you're the anti-Christ.
You and Beth and Todd Dreck.
Oh, God.
Yokenin is coming back.
He's exhausted.
By the way, he and coming back to the Panthers.
I saw that.
Next time you see your buddy, Alan Cohen, at the race track, tell him that the 400 real,
valuable Panther fans, we want to thank him for destroying the team now because,
well, the long going coming back, and either is Yokenin.
Yokenin is going to Ottawa.
It's almost to Dundeele already.
Yeah, I saw where he was.
This business of running the franchise on the cheap and making up all these phone statistics,
attendance numbers.
It's it's below me.
It's not going to make any money for anybody.
All he's interested in is pairing down the payroll as much as possible,
try it like salvage making a few bucks, and then there's got to bail out of this thing.
You're not fooling anybody, Alan.
It's like picking up the paper every day and reading a spring training story.
I don't read the story.
I see the headline.
And every day it's a guy I never heard of.
Yeah.
And I mean, I follow baseball somewhat.
Yeah.
And yet every day there's a feature about a guy I don't know.
Today's some 32 year old guy who's from this area who's hoping to catch on.
You know, yesterday is about some guy who's I don't know any of these players.
None of them.
So we're learning a little bit Thursday when we go on our trip.
Very sad.
Sad facts.
Got a bad facts?
The sad facts.
From Hannah Friedman, Lipton.
I don't know if you ever knew Fern Friedman.
No.
WKAT.
She back then was one of the young interns there at the station.
A very nice young lady.
And yeah, we got to be friendly.
We went out to eat several times.
And I just got to facts this morning.
Deer Neal just saw your two-page spread in a Harold Business Monday.
Congratulations on your huge success.
And if Fern would be thrilled for you.
See you soon.
I'll write that sentence.
That's not a good sign.
I thought you'd be interested in knowing that she passed away September 10th, 2002.
It was very hard for us to miss her with all our hard Hannah Friedman.
Lipton.
Sorry Hannah.
My, my, my, my, my, my family.
She was a sweetheart.
She was so nice.
And I guess that's the thing about getting old to be like us.
A couple of old Jews like we are is that you know, you get to read the orbits of all the people that you knew and worked with.
I remember.
I was in the shower this morning.
I was thinking about the long list of all the people I worked with.
Oh, it's just, it's gotten to point out just too long to go on about.
I thought I used to say when that would happen, they're starting to call up our class.
Is that it?
That's what he's, he, oh, and somebody we knew would pass away.
And another member of the class called up.
There's something going on in that place in South Florida.
I know what it is.
Something really nasty going on there.
You know, a lot of nasty things going on down here.
No, but I'm just saying you go to the airport and you look at the people and you think, who are these people?
And where are they going and what are they all about?
Maybe I'm just out of touch like Tom Zika would say.
You're good buddy.
And by the way, thanks Tom.
I know you wrote a very glowing 20th and 25th anniversary story in the Sun Central.
I don't think the Sun Central figures that.
About 30 minutes.
There's an important number.
So I don't think they're going to be writing nothing.
Nice going Tom.
He's busy writing us some puff piece on some TV show.
It'll be canceled in three weeks.
Nice going Tommy.
And by the way, bet the sixth horse in the eighth race.
You idiot.
I wouldn't do that arriving at a parting flight told it at Long Beach Airport.
Security watch.
I say let's put the herbs in charge of that too.
What do you say?
That's another thing that's changed.
I'm just going to tell you one thing.
Listen to me very carefully.
The bushes and the Arabs are in bed together.
It's OIL and M.O. anyway.
Do you know that Dubai has got $8 billion, $8 billion investment in the Carliel Group?
Yeah.
I do.
You know that Neil Bush, the president's brother, that scam program that he's got for the public schools for the testing system,
which his brother of course, adopted in Florida, that the, it was funded by the United Arab Emirates.
You know that?
Everything is funded by the same UAE that gave $100 million to the Katrina relief fund.
Two weeks before the secret port's deal was signed behind closed doors.
I just mentioned these things in passing.
You know?
That's why that bandar Bush from Saudi Arabia.
It's all the bushes and the Bin Laden's man, the Saudis and the Dubai's.
But then again, they got that great racing in Dubai.
So you probably like it.
Listen, we're already like a past the first break.
So have a great day.
Yes.
You too.
Nice to hear it.
Don't forget David Cohen.
I'm Gary Cohen.
Welcome back.
And Marty Cohen.
See you tomorrow.
And Alan Cohen.
There you go.
Hey.
People are ice holes.
Yeah.
Dick was suiting her quail, drinking Jenny Kramer.
And his pal was a dwarf, his Christie.
But when Dick got his gun, he had funded by the Sun.
And he shot his buddy, Harry.
All right.
Now he's got a heartache because all his mistakes
says it was the worst day of his life.
Hell, I've been a dick.
Good shoes again.
He and his knees shot Kramer's blind.
And well-safe sake of death since hell it's it was only free.
Under his legs fell his dad fell his friend.
Head almost fell his head.
Welcome.
When the sky gun you should hide behind treason.
Your chest will look like him far.
And it's twist, she's in its volume.
Be thanks to Dick Shale.
Okay, so by how long ago did that episode happen?
What was it two weeks, thereabouts?
Okay, thereabouts.
And he was plastered.
I'm sure you got that story by them.
They all were Doug Thompson.
Doug Thompson kept a little blower which I'm going to read it today.
If anybody missed it on our website, he was drug as a skunk.
I mean, you didn't have to be a genius to see through that.
I talked about it.
But they stoned while them killed next day.
I know the secret service confiscated the files of blood from Harry.
And here it was like two weeks ago and nobody's ever going to know the truth of that.
And all these religion is out there.
Well, it is written and Moses said this.
And Jesus said then all this crap thousands of years ago that everybody made up all these bubble mice.
These people are killing each other because of it.
Police searched for a passenger who bolted past security along Beach, California at the airport.
Arriving at departing flights have been halted.
Safety, safety, safety.
They keep that in mind, okay?
That's what it's all about.
As long as the herbs are in charge, we'll be safe.
10, 17 already.
My God, it's almost time for the second break.
A nice job, by the way, Tristraford.
I'm going to tell you I am so relieved to see these fabulous changes in our sales department.
It is just...
A drug concept has been doing it for me for over 21 years in my homes.
Cleaned in my carpets.
In fact, they're going to become pretty soon again because they're pretty schmutzzy.
Somebody had their brother bring their dog to my house and the mess of my carpeting.
Anyway, take advantage of drug concepts maintenance contract that provide you with a 10% discount
on all of drug concept services, including the one-of-a-kind carpet cleaning that I've been raving about for all these years.
And leather, drapey, oriental, rut cleaning too.
Drug concepts also specialize in pet odor treatments, ceramic tile and grout cleaning, mattress cleaning,
the sacred vibe of those nasty pesky dust mites and lots more.
And during February, which is almost over now, drug concepts has a special offer on a pulse re-cleaning for you.
Don't replace that furniture just because it's soiled,
a drug concept to re-juvenate that furniture at a fraction of the replacement of repulsed rain cost.
And don't forget, all of the drug concepts technicians are specially trained and certified to provide you with the best possible surface
and to give you a written guaranteed price upfront.
No BS, no tack-ons at the end.
Say, oh, sorry, it's going to cost you a lot more. No chance. No mold than they told you upfront.
So don't be fooled by the imitators.
You made a big investment when you decorated your home and now it's time to protect it.
So called drug concepts today, toll free and they'd rather than palm beaches.
And be sure and tell them that ancient Neo-Turkey to call 1-800-248-5071.
It's 1-800-248-5071 or on the wicked web, log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is Neo-Rudges. This is 5-60 Q-A.
Sales people are ISO.
The President laid Tuesday striking back at his critics, both Democrats and Republicans,
who charged the administration as dropping its guard by allowing an Arab company to manage 6-Mager USC for it.
He's the United Arab Emirates control and America's ports.
Every choice that he made, chose things we're all getting through.
I think it's a terrible signal to friends around the world.
It's okay for companies in one country to manage the port, but not a country that is placed by the rules
and is that a good tracker record from another part of the world?
Can't keep me in this.
It's interesting how Mars doesn't recognize Israel.
Therefore, we don't want to do business with them.
If you have better elections, the Palestinians, so that we make the outcome.
The Iranians don't recognize Israel. That makes them pretty bad.
Of course, they came and built a bomb as a result.
We're going to get really pissed off and bomb them into the Stone Age.
We say they don't have far to go. That's bad.
But the United Arab Emirates also doesn't recognize Israel.
But they're our good friend.
Right.
What?
Glad you got it down.
Hmm.
Just remember folks, next time you have a wild bout of diarrhea.
Next time you got like bad indigestion.
Uh-huh.
Next time you got pounding migraine headache, all of these things, and any of them, whatever it is.
Next time you get a hangmail.
Anything bad happens to you.
This remember it's probably because of the BB people, Bush and Bandar Bush.
You?
Bush and the Arabs.
Do you mean Persians?
The Arabs, the Mesopotamian, or a mess they've made, man.
Just unbelievable.
On speaker that violence killed another 29 people yesterday, including three American soldiers,
and mortar fire rumbled through the heart of Baghdad after sundown, despite stringent security measures,
imposed after an explosion of sectarian violence.
It's called civil war.
Abelinkin would be proud.
A ban on driving in Baghdad and a severed self-prevent major attacks during daylight Sunday.
Oh.
But after nightfall, explosions thundered throughout the city as mortar shells slammed in way she eyed quarter in southwestern Baghdad,
telling 16 people in only 53 mow.
Mortar fire also had a sheyet area in the capital's east side, killing three people, they were injuring six mow.
But who's counting, you know?
Like up to about 23 hundred American soldiers dead, but who's keeping track?
Right.
Let's just smear and smear anybody.
It says the wrong thing.
By the way, I saw some movies over that vacation time.
The face in the crowd that the guy was raving about how it's so much better than network in the audio audience.
No, it's not nearly as good as network, but it was okay.
Andy Griffin was very good.
And Patricia Neal.
I almost watched it over the week as I got into the battle.
I would watch it for you.
It's black and white, and it's, which that does not automatically make it bad.
But there's just something about it that it's just over the top.
Is it better than you can have the blanks?
There's all way over the top.
You must remember there's a chicken cannot.
Yes, yes.
Right.
But, yeah, I don't know.
The face in the crowd was good.
And it was the Messianic self-important lunatic who in this case was Andy Griffin doing a much different role for him.
Although, yeah, it was good.
And I also saw Crash, which was great.
Not good.
It was great.
It's not twice already.
I want to thank the 80,000 people who called him a recommended crash.
And then you sent me that pristine copy of it.
Oh, man, it's a fine, fine flick.
Yes, it was.
And so many great things in a movie.
The best of which is that I think the most important message is that there are a lot of really ugly stereotypes.
And most of them are true.
Right.
And they had the balls to say that.
That's right.
Yeah.
And there's a really great cast.
Matt Dillon was very good in there.
Yes.
And Don Sheetle, the fifth beetle, he was very good.
Which he didn't know he was the fifth beetle.
I had been promoting that.
Yeah.
And my guy, Ryan Philippe.
Ryan Philippe.
And you liked him in the movie.
He wasn't 12.
He was like this, it was just great.
He got too close to James A.
He didn't even know that he could talk normal.
I was so excited to hear you, Lecania.
He was very good.
He was great in that.
Yeah, here you got a problem in there.
Is your microphone on?
And Ludicrous was very good.
Right.
It was funny.
Ludicrous is a sterical.
He was always the beetle.
Anyway, I got just all kinds of stuff here.
So just take your time.
Thanks again to Kevin Baxter, also the Lady Photographer, K.Montz.
He really worked around shopped.
And I was speaking of people dying.
Jesus, gone nuts and Darren McGavin.
And then Vic Tinney was drunk when he shot his buddy Harry.
And it's just a Harry world is what it is.
And the good part of it is that sales people are still
what they always were before.
They cure the terminal still open, but the boarding allows you to stay here.
All right, let's back up just a second if you would please share it.
You guys are not going to need you to take off.
Running, what happened?
Yes, he actually took off running.
And so then...
Maybe he had a...
Maybe he had a...
You know, ever see the spot, the guy who's always...
He's got a going problem.
He's going and going and going.
You know, that guy...
Right, that's the guy.
Maybe this guy had like a going problem.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.62 AF.
Under the morgue.
What?
I got a good idea how you can make some extra cash.
Okay.
You know the prize closet?
Yeah.
I got a good idea how you can make some real good cash on the side.
What do you think?
No comment.
Oh.
So in other words, you got a bad deal.
I thought that this was all getting taken care of.
Another bad deal.
I'm still waiting, you know.
Oh, in other words, you're still in limbo.
Everything's been pending this whole time.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's because we got this...
Look, I don't want to start off on a sour note because George had a wonderful lunch with our new general manager, Joe Bell.
And Norma can't had a wonderful meeting with Joe Bell and emailed me how great it went and Joe is just a great guy.
And I've had a couple of conversations with Joe on the phone.
He seems like a really great guy.
But you know something, in the meantime, nothing is changing.
A lot of underwear is changing, but nothing is changing.
And everything is like in limbo and we're waiting for this one to finish doing a limbo rock at the tea room.
And I just, you know, in the sales department, just an absolute disaster.
A disaster.
And the new guy is starting until next Monday I understand what by the time he comes in, like putting the pieces of Titanic together.
Oh, and I wasn't even going to mention this on here, but since you got me started, blame Josh for it, George.
Okay.
So all week long, because I never listen when you're doing a show and I'm not on.
I mean, you know, if they don't want to be involved, you know.
I have full confidence that everything is going along just fine.
I do check the polls, I vote on there.
I say, oh, another one of these crappy polls.
I actually had a couple of good polls on there for a change.
And then I'll like to check a couple of the stories on there you might have on.
We want to apologize by the way, Senator.
There's only five stories and I put two of mine there.
What's that I want to hear the whole rigour moral about how that happened?
That's okay.
I'm glad I got to describe Joe Klein and F him.
What a jackass Joe Klein.
A Lou Dobbs has gone absolutely ballistic.
I like I told you he got religion about two weeks ago Friday.
And all of a sudden decided it was time to rip Bush and ass in here.
I don't know what that'll happen to him.
Like somebody shot him in the back of that or the cannon.
Maybe it was a chainy.
But just rip and push on his Arab bug with a port deal.
Yeah.
And he died after night the whole of the seven hour.
It's great.
Now, but I mean just obsessed.
And so anyway, he's got Joe Klein on there that went from time magazine that make believe liberal from time magazine.
And Joe Klein and the two other guys who are going including Ed Rollins of Republican is going on about this nightmare with this port deal.
It about how it's going to destroy the Republicans.
And Joe Klein is going, oh, they can't cancel a deal.
What it's going to look so bad there with what's it going to do to our image on the Arab street?
He was hyperventilating about what they're going to the Arab street.
I say, let's take your Jewish ass and stick your ass on the Arab street.
How do you like you, Joe?
How do you like that?
I'll hold the camcorder.
It won't be throwing a stale humontime just because poor men's coming up.
They'll be throwing something a little harder than that.
They'll be throwing Iraq's ass here.
God, what an idiot he is.
Joe Klein.
So we got that great story about the from Ross story about the F Joe Klein.
It was good.
Anyway, horror facts as it says.
So anyway, say I must forget about it.
I want to.
So I come in here at noon.
I had a real good morning for a change of wood by Friday morning, which is very unusual.
And I come out in a really good mood.
I come in here to look up some movie or something because I was the day I went out and bought movies.
And it's noon.
And I haven't listened all week long.
And I open up the pot.
This is my luck.
But you see, if I wouldn't open it up, you wouldn't know it.
Never told me about it.
Nobody had told me about it.
Especially your program director who doesn't listen anyway because none of the sports show.
He's an idiot.
But.
And I open up the partners, George, and the bid is ending whatever you were playing.
And all of a sudden I hear, well, we have a guest here with his lovely British accent.
Well, I think it myself and talking about some kind of booze.
Right.
Whatever the hell wasn't I'm thinking to myself, oh no.
This can't be some some sales hole con George into like selling out the show because they tried like close on account.
Talk about horning the show.
And sure enough, I find out if he's wearing that's what I mean.
I've listened to that for about two minutes.
I heard suds on thank God, which maybe feel a little bit better.
With all of me, man, blame me.
George, I know what you show up.
What?
It's my fault.
I guess don't do that.
We just don't ever do that under any circumstances.
When we get that desperate, we have to start putting guests on the pedal some product to horror.
You know, well, if that desperate, just shut the place down.
That's my suggestion.
Just shut it down.
And from what I'm understanding based on technical concerns, I always do it a pretty good job of that by itself.
A week anyway.
Right. It went off without a hitch.
Yeah.
Every other day.
I think we had some of the phone didn't work.
This doesn't work.
I went out to see what I told you.
A lot.
Joe Bell may be the greatest guy who ever came down the pike.
He seems like an awfully good guy with really good intentions.
But you still got the same incompetent people in every department.
The engineering here, I don't know that from kids.
These guys, they couldn't like glued two pieces of equipment together with band-aids.
By the way, how's my switches for the board coming, Clarence?
Now that my vacation is over, how's that big project coming, Clarence?
I've never heard one more word about.
And then you got the sales hold, which it speaks for itself.
I still think I had the best idea for Josh.
You want to make some bucks.
I bet you if you go into Greg's old orifice.
Is he finally got all the stuff out of there or not?
It seems to be pretty barren in there.
Really?
You're still in the box, aren't you?
Maybe over the weekend some people went in there.
And got some of that good old OJ autographs and the footballs and baseballs and whatever other balls
were laying around in Greg's desk.
And maybe auction them off somewhere.
Makes some good money that way.
What do you think, guys?
On eBay?
Sorry, I was watching Spanish.
Yeah, I bet you were.
Bet you were.
Maybe we did all the sales people off on eBay.
All the way we wouldn't get too much for them.
Wow.
Oh, don't let me forget tomorrow morning.
Something interesting about somebody.
20 people living in the box right there.
It has to do with eBay.
That deal.
Harv faxes and says thank you for the past 30 years.
I'm 30, man.
I'm entertaining radio listeners and South Florida, driving from account to accounturing my business day has been both humorous
and a great learning experience for all of us.
Oh, I'm learning too, Harv.
We know that we can always count on you for an honest opinion of both news people and products.
You help to guess the...
And Georgia is always happy too, especially if it's boozing and you can get...
That's right.
Get someone here for free and everybody makes drinks all over on the earth.
Exactly.
Uh-huh.
You help us to think and weigh issues for both us and our families.
And proving that knowledge is a good thing.
So keep reading and trying to keep our eyes open to make us question-reactive politicians and poor decisions.
Your opinions are always welcome to our home.
Thanks again, Harv.
Thank you.
And happy forum, by the way.
Don't eat too many home and talk.
No, you guys will be well.
You'll be well and the heart will get the nice big stuff once, man.
Copy, see the only please for real June.
New...
YAH!
Oh baby, baby.
Oh baby, baby.
How was I supposed to know?
My name is Britney Spears.
You won him, Preston, in the other my cop.
Everybody was up.
We'll leave it.
We'll make a toast to Spears.
Show me how to use a card for my baby.
Cause I need to know now.
I do think that you're killing me.
There's no way you want to rest.
It's not baby.
Ratsy made me lose my mind.
He made me decide.
He made my baby.
I can try.
I can't believe he says before I forget it, because I got so many fish to fry.
This is an excerpt.
What's this website?
Get your pants.com.
Okay.
This is just a little short excerpt from the Lou Dobbs show on CNN on Friday.
I never dreamed that it'd be, quote, anything from Lou Dobbs.
I'd always been at his head so far, bushes and asked that it would come out of his earlobes.
All of a sudden he got religion.
I'd go on Lou better late than ever, you idiot.
You fat face the egotist.
Dobbs, President Bush and his family and members of the Bush Administration have long standing business connections with the United Arab Emirates.
And those connections are raising new concerns and questions tonight in some quarters about why the president is defying his very own party leadership and his party in defending the Dubai Port Deal.
Christine Rollmans.
The oil rich United Arab Emirates is a major investor in the Carlisle group, the private equity investment firm, where President Bush's father once served a senior adviser, and is a who's who a former high level government officials.
Thirst last year, Dubai International Capital, a government backed by-out firm invested in the $8 billion Carlisle fund.
Another family connection, the president's brother Neil Bush, has reportedly received funding for his educational software company from the UAE investors.
The Carlisle company was not returned.
Then there's the cabinet connection.
Treasury Secretary John Snow, chairman of Railroad Company, CSS, after he left the company for the White House, CSS sold its international port operations to Dubai Port's world for more than $1 billion.
In the late friday, his local report, he had no knowledge of the CSS sale.
I learned that this transaction probably the same way members of the Senate did by reading about him the newspapers he said.
Yeah, sure.
Another administration connection, President Bush chose a Dubai Port's world executive to head the US Maritime Administration, David Sandborn, whose brother chased along with him made a great coffee, Chase and Sandborn, remember that?
David Sandborn, the former director of Dubai Port's European and Latin American operations.
He was tapped just last month to lead the agency that oversees US port operations.
Not to mention the $100 million that the UAE government sent to the Hurricane Katrina relief fund just two weeks before they closed the deal on this port's deal.
I just mentioned that in passing, too.
Bush and Bandar Bush should have been Laden's man. They're all in business together. They're all in the same pot.
All those crooks in the Middle East, man. The Arab crooks, the Israeli crooks, all of them, and the Graham too.
Okay, here's George's pull from friday. Well, I took almost an hour to get around with this. I got a lot of fish to fry here, man. You'll be smelling it.
I do.
I think what you're smelling is a result of George's tummy that his deal still is like in limbo and he's being strong along again.
That's the famous tactic from the beesleys. Keep stringing your long, and as every week goes by and every month goes by,
it's just that much less money that they're giving you. See? Well, I'm sure you do see. I do. Yeah. Do rhymes with getting screwed.
It's really pretty sad, but things are going to change now because we got a new new leader at the helm.
And the beesleys, all of a sudden, are going to get religion. They're going to drop their banjo. They're going to climb down all those trees.
And they're going to act like real human beings. What do you think? No.
There's an old saying, man. I think fits in perfectly with the beesleys where there's no sense. There's no feeling.
You ever hear that? Yeah. You've said that before. Yeah. Where there's no sense. There's no feeling. In other words, as the Chinese would say, Gornesh Telfon.
Here's George's poll from Friday. Who has the worst employees? 1800-nade votes. Pretty impressive, yes, me.
Or George, especially. The federal government 298. Now, I must be because you had this big audience in front of you because you had the booze guy on for a bet.
Let me say it again. Bet I'd be real, real nervous every time I started my car from now on.
The federal government 298, VNV 195, I hate this poll 174. My cable company 130.
About 30, man. Wow. The police 120, the state government 102, the post-warf is 87. My phone company 74, convenience store 57.
Insurance company 55. They help care industry 54. They should rot. The banks 47. Restaurants in my city 46.
Whatever your city is, whether it's like Ojas or Sweetwater or Ohio Leo or the power company 45.
Oh, well, what could that be? Florida Planner and Loot or whatever power company you have? Yeah, Florida Planner and Loot.
Like I said, Department stores 39. My internet service provider 39. Oh, supermarkets.
I'm third, man. The Justice Assistant 27. Sucks. For justice, we must go to...
Deal. God. TV stations 26. Radio stations 25. The worst employees should have been a lot higher than that.
Man, oh man. What we do is we get our intermediate management level type people and they go out and they scour all the dumpsters around town.
And then that becomes the sales department, our engineering department. That's where you found peanut boys, isn't it?
That's right. Dumps are diving. You got it. Right.
Mortgage Brokers 23. Airlines 20. Newspapers 15. My satellite company 12.
Food delivery joins 11. The military 7 and 9.11. 9.11. Right. The operators is that. Right. 4. Well, I see 9.11 right away. We're circling everything. Yeah.
Hello, operator. 9.11 has got 4. When you do see the kind of people that say hard answer those 9.11 calls.
I bet the best suggestion you folks out there's not ever have an emergency. You don't ever get broken. You don't have any problem.
Because if you ever see any of the shows they have on TV showing you the people who answer the 9.11 calls, it's...
Great. They're always the poor examples. You know, we don't get to see the highlights of when they do something.
Oh, the intellectual people, the crowd. They only answer for the rich neighborhoods. That's right.
Lawn, faxes and says. Happy anniversary. The audio award winning show burst upon me during the Zeta Days.
Oh, good old Zeta Days. I mean, it's about how many, yeah, burst upon it. I'm looking. I'm looking.
We can't play that thing. I have to like, uh, dittle with it.
Nail wakes me up into a borderline. Oh, I thought it. No, that's not even the right one. That's not it either. Where the hell is it?
Nail wakes me up in the morning. Nail wakes me up with a smile.
Where the hell is it? Drinking my coffee, lunch and I'm a dunga. We feel full of dust.
Daddy's gone to school with nails. We're Zeta Days.
The time that you work in my room with a dolly nail with Zeta for my doll is rid of me.
Nail, Nail, faxes and says.
Nail, Nail, faxes and says.
He's also dead. He's not here in Cap'n No Mo.
Anyway, so a lawn says at that time I was shut like my stated mother to work chemo sessions from time to time during our frequent trips.
I had to turn off your program since the laughter was a bit painful for my mother's brittle bones.
Nevertheless, recovery was quick and our laughter continued. Those were memorable times. Yes, they share war lawn. Those were the days, baby.
Although today my mother is with your mother and tiny and don't forget winning and a holy host of others.
I'm still laughing harder than ever. I'll be in more informed. Thank you for countless hours of primetime news and entertainment with a handshake.
lawn, I'm not going to reuse my name. PS, we declack of universal claim. Retirement is not an option.
Guess again, lawn. Oh, the way again. Yeah.
Because I was under the impression that that article was in the topical life and that that's what I was told.
Right. And the facts are said to the business section, but everybody's been calling in and saying we don't know what that facts are talking about. It was in the tropical life, man.
Well, don't be knocking the facts of the facts of his Fernfriedman's mother. Well, whatever the case, people called up and said no, man, it's in tropical life.
Well, I feel better because if it wasn't a business or any more of a story, I've been had again my brother cover of tropical life.
Yeah, holy moly, right, man. That'll really make a career. It's got just a one picture there and doesn't even show the whole radio, which I thought to myself and I saw the picture.
Why did I bother with that prop when it even showed a whole radio? Looks like I'm doing that Greta Garber routine there. But anyway, that was probably somebody that they heard to pick that picture just to make me look a little gay.
I'm not going to read this thing that you faxed to me about this, you know, the soldier thing. What is it? Oh, whatever. No, I don't even know. Did I pass you something to do here today? I'll put it in my pile over here. Why do I think? Yeah, whatever.
Today's pool. Well, everybody wants all of us. So everybody's hooring instead of giving to us like sending Josh your bag of money to make up for the fact that they keep diddling him around. That's bad. That is just so bad.
And again, it goes to show you that the faces change, but they notice operandus do not change. It stays the same.
Just keeps stonewalling and stringing people along and but it be pitiful. But it's just it's so pardon me for being skeptical.
But when I start seeing some action, then I'll buy into this whole deal about all things are really great. Yeah, things are things are not so great. Things are whatever the LAR. It's the QAF in way. It's the beastly F in way.
Here's our poll today. What is the honest name in sports today? Now not all of the people I put on here are in sports today, but they're still around. You know, their presence is still.
Yeah, they're on doing commercials for Viagra or whatever they're doing. The honest name in sports today. Dick trickles got 147. A lot of people want to see that.
I hate this pool 90. I hate sports 59. Coco Chris 53. Man put a little milk and sugar on that. Peekaboo Street 39. Oh, and by the way, if you watched any of the Olympics, I will admit I watched some of the hockey at far too much of it.
We even know I wasn't going to watch any of it, but there are no other sports. There is no other sport in the winter Olympics. Okay, it's just strictly like the summer Olympics. Yeah, that's all it is.
It's speed skating and ice dancing and all that. I got a real kick out of seeing all those guys flop down on the ice. Did you see that? No, that was beautiful.
The ice must have been really bad. Or else they were just a bunch of clutches, but the I every one was like flopping all over. I think the cycle went to think there were clutches.
Peekaboo Street 39. Dick Pound 38. Who finds the drugs everywhere he looks. There's hockey players with drugs. Pikesicle Buris 17. That's one of my very favorites. Pikesicle.
Is that a drug speaking of that? Dick Buck is 39. 13. Dick pole 12. Kevin Pitsnogel 10. Shack has got 10. Mike Shysewski's got 8. You know, I had to look up twice just to make sure I was throwing that right.
I think you're making some of these up. Mike Shysewski coached Duke for the last 100 years. Bimbo Cole 6. Apollo Ono 6. Oh no. Mickey Cots 4. Mirosha Tan 4, which has spelled Satan.
So like him a lot. Yang Yang 4. Ron Tugnut 3. Oh, you can't say that. The lucky Jones 3. Lake Speed 3. Johannes Harabir. His name is German ATRB. He plays basketball for West Virginia.
But his name is pronounced Harabir. Harabir Bud. I understand. Right. David Seaman has got a pair. That. That. That. Somebody put on here. Raider. It's with a K. Okay. Eric. Maybe it's my bad. The penmanship. Radik Bunk's got to. The 8 points has got to.
LeVinion, Tom Linson 2. Cheryl Pounder's got a pair. You gotta see him. Tobias Angler has got to. Ontario Smith 1. He's probably from Quebec. Steve Bowling 1. J. Baller 1. Jeff Ball 1. And none for Stephon Lanspitlik. Carl Dijkhaus. Rocco mediate to KO spikes. Joey God's. God's speed. That's what. Happy Sal. How do you say that? That's got me. Jeff Payne Sean Crooks and Joey Cheeky. They don't have any other 532. And somebody said.
I like this one a lot. Speaking of football. What about the bricky Shaw Ferguson? Hey, Debra. Now what do you call him for short brick? Yeah, sure. Don't break the brick. I bet you the cheap. How many son was a lot about that? There's a guy really keep my eye on his. The Miami police keep my eye him and the Gonsa Mishbhaha baby. This is me. Roger. This is 5.69.
This is the Neal Roger show. This is a blame. Any questions? Catch the excitement of the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Oh, you're going to go to the Olympics.
Synchronized Bingo. 63. So Boggen catching. Frozen Catch clearly. The 2006 Winter Olympics on NBC.
It was a really heavy duty sports on air. Not there was nothing. Just absolutely nothing. 11.01 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M. Happy Monday to you. Wednesdays that big 30th anniversary. I don't know why people I heard the promo.
When I was listening to you the other day for two minutes. I heard the promo. The promo. That's right. What's the big deal? What's going to happen Wednesday? I sure hope you don't have any contrap phone calls.
I didn't arrange any contrap phone calls. I sure hope that Duff you know. Duff stick to the sales now. Your sales hold okay. You're doing a fine job over there and just stick to it and stop getting so emotional. Will you please you ferry?
I think we're going to have a party during the show. Get some gin in here. Get some more booze in here. Get that guy with that pleasant British accent on. I don't think I ever got to the phone where I heard him speak. Now I sure hope he didn't speak like that. That black British guy that's on that cooking show. You know the one I'm talking about the skinhead. No, he spoke like a proper British guy.
Oh my god. I don't know what you call it. So I guess I'll have to read Kevin Baxter's article from the hero because I wouldn't want most of you to have to spend money going by the hero.
I sure think I get it. Do you want me to read it? No, whatever. Yeah. Well, what a big alarm. Kills him good time. Although first let's do the deaths.
And then don't just too much important stuff man. Secret service agency. Cheney was dropped when he shot a lawyer by Doug Thompson.
Which George had on the website last week, but I am going to read it. Yeah, I hit the highlights. I know he else is talking about it. No, no, no one is. I hit the highlights of it, but I didn't like you know read it.
Well, thank God for that. Don not 81. See you said he was nine years something. That's what I thought because he was in a room for a hundred years.
He was old when he was on the Andy Griffiths show. Don not the skinny, lovable nerd who kept generations of TV audiences laughing as the bummer deputy Barney Fife on the Andy Griffiths show died Friday. He was 81.
He died of pulmonary and respiratory complications of UCLA Medical Center in Beverly Hills.
Said Paul Ward, a spokesman for the cable network TV language broadcast the Andy Griffiths show and another co-hit co-starring Mr. Nots 3 company. Right.
He was on the Steve Allen show. Don not Tom Poston, Louis, I Louis, I date now. Right. You ain't no Louis, I.
Mr. Nots and half a century acting career included seven TV series and more than 25 films.
But was the Andy Griffiths show that brought him TV mortality in five Emmy Awards. The show was on the year from 60 to 68.
It was in the top 10 Nielsen ratings each season, including the number one ranking its final year.
It's one of only three series to bow out at the top. It was a rile of loosely sign felt. The 240 on Griffith episodes have appeared frequently and we run Spontelar
Jack of Network of Fan Clubs. Don't ask me why because there's a lot of red next out there I guess.
As the bug I definitely missed you Griffith Mr. Nots carried his in a shirt pocket. The one bully was loud actor shooting himself in the foot.
The constant fumbling of recurring sight gag was typical of his self deprecating humor.
Let's see it goes on about the pickle story and the Barney and the choir and in 1979 he replaced Norman fell on three company playing the
movie Swinger Lamar early here we go earlier in his TV careers one of the original cast members of the Steve Allen show.
The comedy variety show from late 50s he was one of a great group of memorable comics backing Mr. Allen.
His D-rated films were family fun but not box office blockbusters. The incredible Mr. Limfit. Yes it was.
It's a mad mad mad mad mad mad mad world a ghost and Mr. Chicken. The shaky is going to the west and a few Disney films like Gus and Herbie Ghost of Money Crawl.
He was a good guy where everybody liked nobody didn't like Don Nots. He'd all like Don Nots. Well.
He said you duck hunting would at least go the end of the vice president.
How do you like that?
Let's see a Canadian living in Miami it says here this fact. Oh boy that is sad.
So sorry a although it is freezing I ask cold but there's no stolen a ground.
Your article was in the tropical life section of the hero not the business section because of the way the paper is folded and packaged it just seemed it wasn't a business section.
Nice work keep it up I can eat living in Miami out. It says well have a great day.
Holden which is behind here but that's okay. I mean side looks good.
Sonny looks good pretty good. I guess well style which everybody knows by now.
One of your favorites I like him too.
Darren McGavin the original light soccer.
Darren McGavin was painting a movie set in 1945 when he learned of an opening for a small role in the show.
Climbed off his ladder returned to Columbia's front gates to land the part.
The Husky tough talking performer went on to become one of the busiest actors in TV and film starring in five TV series including my camera and in doing how they audiences with his role as the grouchy dad in the 80's to be comedy classic of Christmas story.
McGavin 83. Of natural causes Saturday the LA hospital with his family to side.
McGavin also leading roles in TV's riverboat and the cult favorite cold-check the night stalker among his memorable portrayals was US Army General George Patton in the 79 TV biography Ike.
Despite his busy career in television fact the Bush family is very proud of the fact that the set supporters of Israel they have all these big campaign buttons are coming out with this year in the midterm elections.
I like Pike it says.
No I thought I covered it.
Despite we remember what the James Baker the turret said those Jews down their own corporate anyways was chrome.
Sure he said Jews.
He said I like kikes.
Despite his busy career in television McGavin was awarded only one Emmy in 1990 for an appearance as Candace Bergen's opinionated father episode of Murphy Brown.
Oh Murphy Brown.
Oh no speaking of quail hunting.
What the hell is that thing called?
The night the night the night.
Huh?
Webby night.
Or might be day.
Oh yeah that's what it's called the night and quail.
Daniel Braille was his name and it's for God the state of cartoon.
So I'm Murphy Brown. Look at these people have been.
The dance was a heartbeat waiting for the presidency.
Boy I guess on Wednesday we're going to have to go back and replay all the old some pretty stuff we can't play anymore.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
Let's see how long we stay on here on Wednesday for example.
Okay well some of those sounds in there sound like somebody was squeezing the bag maybe mold.
Just raspberry man.
Just razzin.
Despite his busy girl let's see lack of prominence in films he enjoyed in TV during McGavin where registered strong and real featured roles such as the artist in Venice in summertime.
David leans 55 film with Captain Hepburn and Rosano Bratzi.
Frank Sinatra's crafty dress supplier in a man with a golden arm.
Jerry Lewis's put parole office in the development delinquent and the gambler Gus Sands in the 84's the natural it started Robert Redford.
He also started alongside oh no you are not going to believe this yeah you all I want you to grab the size of your chair right now.
Okay I'll grab something.
Oh.
He also started alongside Don Nuts who died right tonight in the 76 family company no deposit no return.
How do you like that?
Maybe one of those cursed movies like what was the one James Dean movie?
Reblew without a cost wasn't that good where all the people died in it they did wasn't that only wouldn't that yeah I tell him.
And there you go James Dean yeah that's the one.
And Jim back is see here's our good fasting friend Carolyn who says congratulations on your day.
I've listened to you since WKT and followed you there every station except for that depressing trip to Nashville was only a month Carolyn seemed like 10 years.
So glad when you came back that me too.
I remember leaving night law school passes listen to you and listening the morning Zeta while driving to work also remember the day of WIWD when you said you were changing your format would have no more guests.
That wasn't WIWD with WINZ but that's okay Stan was with you.
Oh Stan.
Stan major I there was something I just realized I got my retirement fund ready right now.
Woke up at 2 p.m. face down in a gutter my mouth tasted like mong my brain was like butter.
Crawled up on my feet and brushed myself off.
Little for stoking.
Yeah started to call reached in my pocket pulled out my trusty a.m. radio.
That ready for the evening with a Stan major show wow.
Good old captain Dave he's still alive I think.
Anyway so it was you were changing format have no more guest and was with you.
There's somebody great and funny memories like that funeral for the other radio station the WS news crews we had.
When we put WNW West Tibet that was we were at IOD and we took the tombstone that we put in front of their building over there which is right across the street.
It is not ironic that's where the ticket is now Greg Cotes.
There's a tombstone has been in front of that building and will probably be coming back again soon.
The soon to be backstone.
Also I met you years ago and I'm your age one week older moving back to Pittsburgh this spring because I hate South Florida now too.
Not good choice Carolyn even Pittsburgh's a big improvement.
I'll keep listening you on the Internet though have a great Wednesday thanks Carolyn.
That's the last thanks for the memory.
Oh brother a lot of pressure and I think I'm going to need another vacation here pretty soon.
It sounds like Thursday at 12.50 is a good time to start huh.
Love those Marlins they're coming back even though a team is going to be a wreck.
Well I tell you can't complain about the quality of the sports teams in South Florida because generally speaking they're ain't any.
How are they heat doing by the way Josh are they winning any games are yeah they're doing well.
They are doing well.
Like I said we love the heat in fact that's why Wednesday we got Pat Riley on we got Eric Reed on talking to his team.
We got all that crap on all we're going to bush leaves Tuesday for Indian Pakistan let's hope we don't come back.
Please just no we don't wish any you'll just don't come back please for continued.
Yeah continue the BS.
What is the honest name in sports today Dick Trickle leading the pack 163 I hate this pull 98.
I hate sports 63 they hate everybody and that's why he's out Florida.
Everybody hates everybody else Coco Chris 55 pick up street 43 Dick pound 39 and after that although practical burst deserves a mention every time.
Do you think sure.
Paxico's got 17.
Hey Paxi how you mean Paxi and what about Johannes Harabair he's got a pair huh.
No I mean that's why the bear okay he's got a pair.
I have some I probably honestly I'm not better not to waste my be monitoring today and I'll first day back.
How did I get to get suspended two days before your 30th anniversary Friday some meal Roger.
This is 5.62.
I don't have a clue there's a lot of odd and interesting fetishes out there.
Men sometimes pay me just so they can lick my feet.
Men sometimes pay me just so they can lick my feet.
But unfortunately there's not a lot of places where people can go to experience their fetishes firsthand.
Which is why we finally created America's most long awaited theme park fetish land.
Check out Batman and Flock and the attraction to the SNM crowd.
Yes Batman may I have another and the Tower of Flether.
Man I thought getting dressed up in rubble and of course yellow splash mouse fetish land.
No matter what you're into you can get into it here.
All video cameras in the park are posted for security purposes only.
Check out fetish land TV coming soon.
It's 1117 but I reckon Martin really brought that old thing back you know it again.
Yeah golden anyway.
In the Elijah's march is 30th year on some photo radio.
About 30 man.
Thank you Kevin Baxter not a bad piece it says he hates his boss which is not you see the very first sentence here I guess is meant to be dramatic.
It's a little bit dated now I don't hate this boss I just a little bit of lyrics you know.
He talks about the previous boss and that would be correct.
He hates his boss he hates his co-workers which is absolutely incorrect and hates his neighbor so much he moved.
I don't even know my neighbors and let's keep it that way to another country.
Okay so near Rogers isn't the people person.
He is however an unparalleled entertainer which is why on Tuesday he'll finish his 30th year.
About 30 man.
That's off photo radio or about 29 years 335 days longer than he expected he'd last.
I would have been happy to make it 30 days at the beginning Rogers said.
His early listeners were more generous some of them told him he probably last six months.
But Rogers of course I'll last to them all and not just on a radio.
Most of those people are pushing up days he's now Rogers 63 the midday personality of W.Q.A.M.A.M. 560 says from his home in Toronto.
And retrospective kind of interesting but may soon be coming to an end since Rogers promises this week's anniversary of the last major milestone of his radio career.
His contract with W.Q.M which has already been extended three times expires in December 2008 and there'll be no more extensions he says.
Well that isn't unless they want to pay me a lot more.
That's enough Rogers.
By the time I get through I'll be 66 years old and collecting Social Security if I have to keep working that point no way.
Unless of course they want to pay me.
I've been lucky I'm making enough money.
I can't read this last line.
I'm I don't know what to tell.
I put a lot of it away so I don't have to worry about working until I croak which I certainly don't want to do.
Although we get a big tune in the audience if we can promote that ahead of time and then that guy would come to my funeral.
I hope that guy's listening to me.
If you are a jackass or you're an idiot okay if that's your life is attending funerals of well-known people.
Okay that's just hobby.
He goes to funerals.
Oh he's like the Fulps is.
I have no life.
God.
No matter when or how it ends there's no doubt Rogers, Grinsoff.
It's been an interesting one.
From its happenstance start on the side of a highway near Yuma, Arizona to a showing out as mostly from bedroom studio in his Toronto home.
In between his featured jobs at a half dozen stations, jumps from AMFM and back again, coming out of the closet on the year.
Yay and eventually becoming the last survivor what was once the nation's most vibrant talk radio market.
What was once the nation's most vibrant talk radio market?
And you did all of the show about well about nothing really.
It's Niels Ranting for four hours.
It's just him says Adam Jacobson radio editor for the trade journal radio and records.
And in Miami native who once worked with the work of South Florida Airways we know Adam Jacobson.
I don't.
I remember the other Jacobson what that was his name.
Mark.
Mark Jacobson very good.
I've been trying to forget for a long time.
That awful embarrassing kind of toilet of show.
Don Cox rest in peace.
Some people are saying to themselves aren't people getting tired of this already but what else are you going to get if you want something different in goofy and irreverent?
Remember it's all about entertain the listeners as Adam whoever he is.
Do we know Adam?
No.
Who?
And Rogers has been doing that since his first stab of broadcast he went as a child.
He entertained himself by calling baseball play by play in front of the family TV set in Rochester, New York.
His parents manage a sporting goods store but Rogers born Nelson Roger Behel for Riffus.
Found his escape in radio dreaming of being a DJ sports announcer.
Didn't he probably open in Solomon and you leverage to.
His first paid radio job was spinning records at a tiny daytime station in Canada when the York WCGR
baby all the heavy hits all the Montevani you could stomach.
And from there he went on to study broadcasting in Michigan State.
Dropping out after two years to go on here as a sportscaster in Rock DJ I wouldn't say dropping out was the right term.
Just being uninvited to come back.
Why you don't go to any classes you're busy drinking beer all night and then I go away.
Okay.
Radio jobs tend to end quicker than celebrity romances however.
Roger's did a share of moving going from the Tavine, New York to Albion, Michigan to Marshall, Michigan to Sturgis, Michigan to Sarah Soder and finally under WJN-O West Palm Beach 1975.
He was on a road again this time heading to a station in Yuma, Arizona when he pulled over to the to phone home.
Wasn't really to phone home was to phone mom.
It was the call that changed his life and Miami radio forever WKAT and Miami Beach called Rogers Mother Told them they want you.
So Rogers made a huge turn headed back to Florida to viewing on WKAT's afternoon drive time show on March 1, 1976.
Everyone expected it would be a short stay.
Most of the audience was dead plus ten Roger said there was a lot of hostility.
A lot of angry old farts on the beach.
You're never going to make it okay.
You fake it all you're never going to last a month.
You piece of crap.
You mama like you.
But despite the hostility and less than nine months into a state WKAT, Rogers decided to come out as a homosexual during a show.
You fairy.
Oh my God.
I had typed up a statement I was going to read on here and I gave it to the station manager, Sid Levin, to read in his eyes rolled around.
Well, the bitty looked at me and said, fine, whatever Rogers recalls. That's pretty much what he said.
Yeah.
He said, it's up to you.
Then he spent the rest of the day, Sid, keeping away from you on the station on the phone so she wouldn't hear the show.
That's the true story.
Sid was on the phone all day with you, Kola Katsentine.
You feel rich now, Neon.
Keep bitch.
It was a courageous decision given the fans and Rogers tenuous job security, but it also established a trend.
Rogers would use his microphone to say whatever he wanted.
When he wanted and if you didn't like it, he'd show you how to turn the dial.
Judging from his audience numbers, few have taken him up on Met offer.
Rogers had dominated his lucrative target demographic.
Managed 25 to 54 since the first son down in Miami.
And in his last eight years at WQM where he's finished a top decorlary arbitrar making is an air-vee ratings period.
He's the most consistent performer moment in 25 54 that this market has ever seen.
Says Duff Lindsay.
You fairy.
A former QM program director.
Now, she's sales executive for the Rogers show.
In other words, he's been demoted twice.
Scoot over.
By the way, nice job clearance.
Really, F over a Duff.
That's why Rogers ends more than $1.1 million a year.
Sounds a little bit low to me.
Making it one of the highest paid broadcasters in Florida any medium.
It's also by Rogers and get away with ranting about his boss, his co-workers, politicians, religion, basically anything he feels like ranting about.
They don't let me do it because these people are in love with me or because they want to hear me do it.
Rogers says a management of QM, but they realize it's part of my appeal and they have to let me do it.
A lot of it is just stick, but that's what the audience expects.
It's part of my personality on the air.
It's part of what I do.
And of course, there are always several grains of truth to it, especially when I'm talking about the sales department.
There are a lot of grains of truth to it.
Multigrain, like a serial man, multigrain.
In fact, they kind of like rub everybody the wrong way going against the grain.
No, I'm saying what do you say?
It's kind of my way of needling and getting a shot in here and there, he said.
I said, the target of much of Rogers are these days is South Florida.
Absolutely.
And that part is not stick.
Rogers is just like the area so strong.
He now has most of his shows from Canada, a move W2M facilitated by installing a state-of-the-art student in Mr. Rotto home.
And one that works every day, by the way, this fine little studio here, because there's nobody here to pochky around with it and screw it up.
I love it here, says Rogers, who keeps track of South Florida by reading voraciously, then checking his many of six websites during commercial breaks.
This has extended my life at least 10 years.
I hate South Florida.
People know what I say it on the air.
Let me say it again.
I hate South Florida like poison.
It's a nightmare.
It's an outdoor septic tank.
The people are just very hostile and friendly in paranoid.
If you say hello to somebody in the elevator or anything, it's like, what do you want?
What are you looking for? Here it's just the opposite.
Maybe it sounds corny to people, but at least people here are most of them are civilized.
They're polietate, except the ones that are like, shoot in people, but that's just a small minority.
Minority?
A minority.
You starting again with a crash or the alien?
Yeah, I'm crashing into the wall.
Yeah.
What a great movie.
And at least listeners in South Florida are civilized enough not to take those barbs personally, or maybe they agree with them.
Either way, they listen because in the final analization, the chromudgerly Rogers is entertaining addictively so.
I've often thought I wonder if I could do what Neil does, says Rick Shaw, WXMXMagic, who with 45 years in a market is the only person who's been on the South Florida dial longer than Rogers.
So much of what I...
Let's tip our head to Ricky Tiki Shaw.
How do you like that?
As a matter of fact, is a special tribute that's going to last for about two seconds.
If I can find it, here it is.
Rick Shaw.
Is that emotional or what?
It's alright.
I cannot say.
There you go.
I got it's here.
I wish I had to drop where he says it's just shock radio.
I don't think we have that anymore.
I don't know where that is.
It took Rick a little while to kind of like cozy up to it.
Ricky Tiki says so much of what I do is play music, but Neil is there pretty much as the main source of the program.
You've got it, Rick Baby.
It's just me and Motormouth.
Like it or not, he's the best at what he does.
Neil doesn't like anybody.
He's like, I really resent that.
In fact, after the break, I'm going to like list all the people I do like.
That don't think about two minutes.
No, I mean, why did people say that?
They like to say that.
Neil doesn't like anybody.
It's just the way it is.
But like he says, it's a radio show.
It's there to entertain you to make you smile, to make you laugh.
And he just flat out.
It doesn't, it says Rick Shaw.
Thank you, Rick.
45 years out of here.
Spin and all that crap.
Man.
There is a legend.
Okay.
I'm just a small potatoes.
But 45 years.
But the same smell they can.
Nice going, Rick.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Mike Stiffy QA.
Neil.
This is Randy West.
And as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter North, here the day.
He tells me your real name is Neil Down.
And he's still ain't interested.
Goodnight.
Unbox.
America and idyll.
Yes.
Stard George Bush sings, the hoon.
He's the inside of purpose.
Get it back, get it back.
Oh, that's awesome.
I get it back.
I get it back.
Oh, that's awesome.
Before we grow old, talking about.
I get it back, I get it, I get it.
I get it back.
I get it back.
I get it, I get it back.
We don't get pulled again.
It's cool we can't get pulled again.
What do you think of me?
It just was tell, but it is.
Don't sing ever anymore.
Don't sing.
Nice play.
Thanks.
Very nice play for you.
I've heard of the Warden pop, but...
...Low the D is everything, because...
...you've just been made to the new former torture.
I have never ordered torture.
American Idol.
And I, on box.
Abu Dhar Raib.
Number 31.
We did do the...
Yeah, we just did it.
Which did it?
I'm not going so fast.
I can't even keep up here.
I'm ahead of myself crossing.
I've raced. We haven't done yet.
And today's just the opposite.
29th till now.
We got Bo for a Moe, who ain't here no Moe, for two to four.
And they were following Dove.
See that?
That's...
You know, it's just...
Here it's already the first and March on Wednesday.
And we're still patching around and better be.
But we've got to move today.
And we got like...
I don't know.
Not too accurate about that, hold it.
We got Bo today and tomorrow, which I'm really especially not too crazy about.
Then we got Geldian Wednesday.
And in the Marlady month, Thursday.
Thanks, God.
Doug Thompson, Capitol Hill Blue.
George was right on top of this baby last week.
Secret Service Agent, say, Chini was drunk when he shot lawyer.
There is absolutely no doubt in my mind.
In fact, you know, the way the whole thing was pieced together
and they gave plenty of time to get their stories straight, you know.
And then plenty of time to sober up.
That's right.
All of these.
Secret Service Agent, guarding Vice President Dick Chini
when he shot Texas Larry Harry Winnington on a hunting outing two weeks ago.
Say, Chini was clearly inebriated of the trauma to shooting.
He rebriated it.
Rock is a scunk.
Pie face.
Agents observed several members of the hunting party,
including the Vice President, consuming booze before and during the hunting expedition,
before and during the report notes.
And Chini exhibited visible signs of impairment, including a slurred speech and erratic action.
Like shooting the wrong person.
Things like that.
According to those who have talked with the agents and others present at the beginning,
Chini was drunk when he gunned down his friend at the day in the hand.
And the day in a half delay in allowing Texas law enforcement officials on the ranch
where the shooting occurred, gave all members of the hunting party plenty of time to sober up.
We talked with a number of administration officials who are privy to inside information
on the Vice President, shooting so-called accident,
and all the mid-sequit service agents and other shady saw Chini consume far more
than the one very claim to drink at lunch earlier that day.
This was a South Texas hunt, says one White House aid.
Of course, there was drinking. There's always drinking lots of it.
One agent at the scene has been placed down administratively,
and other requested reassignment this week.
A memo reportedly written by one agent's been destroyed, sources said last Wednesday.
A memo written by one of the secret service agents was destroyed.
I can't imagine why, can you?
Shredder, they probably have one of those in Chini's ambulance that they carry around.
Chini has a long history of alcohol abuse, including two convictions of driving out of the influence when he was younger.
Doctors tell me that someone like Chini was taking blood thinners because of his history of heart attacks
could get legally drunk now after consuming just one drink.
If Chini was legally drunk at the time of the shooting,
he could be guilty of a felony under Texas law,
and the shooting ruled an accident by a compliant Kennedy County Sheriff
would be a prosecutable offense.
But we'll never know for sure because the owners of the Armstrong Ranch
were the shooting occurred, barred the Sheriff's Department from the property on the day of the shooting,
and Kennedy County Sheriff Ray-1 Solienist, the turd, agreed to wait till the next day
to send deputies into talk to those involved.
Anyone can do that, right? Like if there's a shooting on my property.
Right. Like if you do that.
And there were five minutes asking you to tow the line.
Sheriff's Captain Charles Kirk says he went to the Armstrong Ranch immediately after the shooting was reported Saturday
February 11th, but both he and the Game Warden were not allowed on the 50,000-acre property.
He called Solienist who told him to forget about it and return to the station.
I told him, don't worry about it, I'll make it call Solienist.
I said the Sheriff claims he called another deputies who moonlights of the Armstrong Ranch.
The city was told it was just an accident and made the decision to wait until Sunday to investigate.
Right. We've known these people for years.
They're honest. They wouldn't call us telling us a lie, Solienist said.
Right. Like all elected officials in Kennedy County, Solienist owes his job to the back-knit financial support of Catherine Armstrong,
owner of the ranch in the county's largest employer.
The county in the Armstrong's rural Kennedy County, like a thief, says a former employee.
Secret Services officials also, like a Barney Fiftham.
Secret Services officials also took position of all tests on Wittigons' blood at the hospitals where he was treated for his wounds.
When asked if they blood off all tests had been performed on Wittigons, the doctors who treated them at Christus Spahn Hospital Memorial in Corpus Christi,
or the hospital in Kingsville refused to answer.
One admits privately he was ordered by the Secret Service to never discuss the case with the press.
Never discuss the case with the press.
It's a sure grant that it's a private doctor between the victim of Chinese reckless and drug connections.
Can't talk to the public then any of it insures the vice president. Drunk is a scunk.
We'll never see the light of day. And that's all you'll hear about it.
Dr. Thompson, capitalhealblue.com, was on our website.
It's all you'll hear.
We're going through the mainstream media.
Because the mainstream media doesn't give a crap, okay?
They don't want to go too far.
They're only about the same Carl L. Freakin' Group.
They don't want to be sent to Gitmo, okay?
To Gitmo for their money.
All of a bunch of your...
I'm waiting for Lou Dobbs to go crazy about this.
Come on, Lou.
Get off of that Arab-Bab Port deal already.
We need to please quit messing with a UAE.
But our close personal friends who don't recognize Israel,
and of course we had a couple of terrorists there in 9-11,
and also who funded the 9-11 terrorists,
just like our friends, the Saudis,
bush talking about all of our good friends.
And when there's Joe Klein, we don't want to piss off the Arab street.
That's a funny line, I'm sorry.
Well, you see you don't want to gamble, Jim?
No, I don't.
They always use about...
Oh, I know the street thing as far as those things go.
But the Arab street, where you was...
What the average Ishmael and Muhammad are saying out there
in the street under their Shmatas?
That's the Arab street.
What the Arab women are,
a mumbling out of their burglary, like that, yeah.
Now, I see how you're doing the Indian thing, yeah.
Hey, it's all the same.
It's poor Indian cab drivers.
George Michael in drugs arrest, how do you like that?
Oh, I got it.
I'm so shocked.
Yeah.
She's got problems.
She's got her issues.
You're fairing.
British singer George Michael was arrested.
Yes, the answer is fish and a possessing drugs after he was found
slumped over in a car in central London, a police officer said.
Michael 42 sold more than 80 million records worldwide,
and God only knows why during a 25-year career
was arrested in the high-puck area after another couple early Sunday.
A London police spokesman issued a statement saying the 42-year-old man
had been held on suspicion of possessing class seed drugs.
A group in British law that includes cannabis,
tranquilizers, and some painkillers, cannabis, or a vague.
We were called by member of the public to a man seen slumped over
to steering wheel over car to stay.
And said he was arrested on suspicion of possession of
possession of controlled substances.
He was bailed to be churned to police station and late March pending
a police investigation.
His manager and publicists could not be reached for comment.
Their mum.
Under British law, anyone convicted of having
class seed drugs can be jailed for up to two years,
and facing unlimited fine, according to the home law,
or office of the Interior Ministry website.
And of course George Michael knows that Interior Ministry
inside and out.
Cute.
In a front page report, the son newspaper said the singer was found
in a dark-colored range rover parked on a high-park corner
on a central London's busiest intersections.
The on-sourced report said he was taken into police custody,
was examined by a doctor.
He had his photo and fingerprints taken released after
more than seven hours of the report said.
And yada yada.
Not a coat.
Miss Michael, she's got issues again.
You know what?
I love the tough life.
Only wishes he'd been around when George, when what's his name?
Tab 100 and the Tony Perkins were doing their thing.
Oh, those are the salad days?
For each other's thing, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 9, we haven't taken any calls yet.
You know what?
Wow.
This is already something special.
I don't see any coming in either.
Which is probably just as well.
I must know I have this humongous pile.
Oh, the phones don't work and I wouldn't...
That would be a lot on this point.
No, I said or.
Oh.
I heard that, huh?
I don't.
Oh, it's the wrong thing.
Still, the lights would have been lighting up.
It's going to be the other phone thing.
We are going to have to reset the new premise again.
Oh, boy.
Sure, remember.
Yeah, we got some real big changes coming here at QA.
And maybe we got new management.
We got a whole fresh new attitude.
Nothing works though.
Sales department is still the same bunch of slackards.
Todd recommends that it is morning after Hank turned him down to him in some account trying to pedal it off on me.
I wouldn't dream of doing it.
Oh, you got a dial tone.
Oh, Mike puts him up on the air.
Let's see if this one works.
No, it's going to the other thing.
Well, what other thing?
What is this other thing you've got?
Your computer is going to have to be reset, unfortunately.
What does that mean?
Because that's what has to happen when this happens.
Let me just do something.
Oh, no.
Yeah, it's in the wrong mode.
Paiala.
That's what was going on when I was having the same problem.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let's see.
Let's see, like he said.
I'm pushing it.
I'm pressing it.
No, it's going in the wrong mode.
It's going all sorts of vanity things.
Oh, no.
Up on the top.
Up on the top, does it say mode?
Yeah.
Studio console mode.
Up across the top.
It says Paiala mode.
Hmm.
It says assistant producer.
Oh, yeah, mode.
Yeah.
And what does it say after mode after the arrow?
It doesn't say anything.
Oh, well, it should say talent.
Oh, we did this once before.
I forgot how we do that.
Configuration.
Desktop director mode.
It says mode producer.
Well, you need to be in mode talent.
Well, how do I do that?
How do I change it?
Reset your computer.
What do you mean reset my computer?
We'll do this.
Go to the desktop director one and check DD2.
That might do it.
Configuration.
Desktop director.
Check DD2.
That thing ain't coming down.
I ain't coming down.
Hit it.
Huh?
Hit it again.
It ain't coming down.
Oh, I don't know what to tell you.
Other than reset the computer.
What?
Other than reset the computer.
Okay, well, I'll do it during the break.
This is WDQM.
This is all on the screen.
I want you to know this is the epitome of this radio station.
Okay?
And they can keep changing managers and program directors and operations managers from now until the cow is come on.
This place continues sending new lows in the history of Broadsheets.
It is on the legal run run run run run.
It's a scale in 16 to 8.
The Jellic rocket rollers pass their prime.
What's happening straight out of Detroit, Rock City, this kid rocks.
What's up?
I'm Scott Stab.
And the secret, no one knew.
I don't spend a lot of money on videos.
I don't think a lot of people realize that.
Is it true love or something more?
Higher.
Right here.
I think you turn the cameras on.
You put the thought into the video and not the money.
They call each other pet names.
The line mama.
She f**king did it.
And no one understands what these two share.
That's when the safe sets are and the swimmer videos are.
Sometimes.
The simplest things matter most.
Play one of my songs.
I just don't think that's necessary.
Grammy winning singers, Kid Rock, and Scott Stab.
Star in Brokeback, Rock Star.
Hey, quit.
It's good to meet again.
14 to 9.
It's going to be the queen too.
I'll tell you that.
That phone is working now because I got the re-agigarded.
Good.
Listen.
You're at?
I do or no calls coming in.
That's why I went to it right away.
So I'm going to get them wrong.
I don't feel like taking any right now.
I mean, it would be nice to take maybe one or two on Wednesday.
But I don't feel the need.
I don't feel compelled.
Well, keep feeling it.
Now, speaking about the dead-eye dicks life support system since you mentioned it just
a moment ago.
That's right.
Dave Lindorf and counterpunk.
Did you put this story on it?
I do it.
I don't remember what happened yesterday.
I don't.
I don't.
What do you even put too many on your Saturday because the Josh show is 70 altogether.
Maybe that's why he stopped putting them on.
Maybe we're a little over the top, you know?
Possibly.
Yeah.
You get a little, I mean, it's one thing to be conscientious.
It's another thing to be overly conscientious.
It's like obsessive.
Hey, they were all important.
Or maybe we're just trying to make up for the fact you allowed Beth to snuck her you in.
They all mean.
I don't blame her.
I could have said so.
What do you mean don't blame her?
I blame her.
I blame her.
But I could have said no.
How's that?
I give you a pity-pity.
You could have said no.
And you should have said no.
But she shouldn't have come in the first place.
Don't play this silly thing, Beth.
You don't know the rules.
You don't know the rules.
All you want to do is horror the show.
That's all.
Horror the show.
Your flavor?
Beth.
What does that mean?
Everybody wants to horror the show.
I just come from Mr. Midget this morning.
Well, you know, it's awfully tough out there.
Things are here.
How it is out there.
Mr. Wah.
Oh.
Todd Dreck.
Yeah, I know how it is out there.
People see you and they go running.
They see you coming and put the closed sore on the sign on the dough.
Hey, we can't read this or not.
We're going to have to go through this hole.
Oh, here's one call.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm going to show you a little bit.
But that's tomorrow, the 30th anniversary of the edition of Network is being released.
Really?
Yeah.
And that only has a new master print.
A much clearer than the earlier release.
But it's got six features, including interviews where Peter Finch and Ken May was me.
Oh, I don't know if they're making this anymore.
Oh, oh.
Exactly.
And then the Cheresky and the Pichet Reviews were offered by the US Dime Show Show.
You can believe that.
Wow.
Amazing.
See the USA and your Chevrolet.
America and all of a sudden.
Anyway, yeah.
So it's got tomorrow and it's only 1999, which is a bargain, too.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Thanks a lot.
I'll pick it up.
Thanks for the heads up and the heads down.
And the head up and down.
Lost them in all the heavy breathing by the mainstream press reporters who have gotten so worked
up over the Vice Presidential shooting is the story of the Vice Presidential Ambulance.
Oh, my God.
How many of us knew that the country's Vice President a man that most politically aware
of citizens know as the country's real leader behind the scenes is so health impaired
that he always travels with a fully-staff ambulance, including heart specialist in tow.
This is the real secret.
Not the 14-hour reporting delay regarding Chinese shooting of his hunting buddy.
There's been kept from American people not for hours, but for years.
The fact is the nation's Vice President and de facto leader is so frail and so close to death's door,
while perhaps heartening the Somal Sea as the architect of the War Mongering Madness currently
gripping nation's policy-making establishment, should surely have been a major topic conversation
during the 2004 election, but nobody mentioned it.
Just like nobody other than Doug Thompson's mentioning the fact that he was dropping his shot
when he shot his hunting buddy.
It's also worth pointing out that this same administration that's spending what must be millions of dollars
on a mobile cardiac unit to travel with the Vice President is calling for cuts in Medicare
and Medicaid that will force poor Americans in the elderly to make due with second-tier medications
for such things as heart conditions.
There seems to be a story there.
The corporate media is panning itself on the back for its aggressive pursuit of the hairy-witting and shooting incident
by the Vice President, but why didn't the White House Press Court tell us long ago about the Vice President's medical squad?
While we're at it, why are these reporters able to get so worked up and aggressive when it comes to a pretty
inconsequential Vice President shooting incident if they can't seem to bring themselves to last a President or Vice President
about the latest British memo showing that Bush was not really completely committed to work against
the back in July 2002, but actually suggested the Prime Minister Tony Blair that he might have US planes
painted in UN color, shot down over RAC as a pretext to invade.
US planes painted in UN colors, shot down over RAC as a pretext to invade.
That would be like 19-11.
This story or making it happen, this story much more important than the VP's bad marksmanship has been blacked out in the US
are selectively diligent fourth-estate practitioners.
The unfortunate upshot of all, and by the way, David Gregory of NBC, you are such a quizzling man.
You should have seen him backtracking and waffling on meet the press after that press conference member.
We got into it with the Scott McClellan.
Oh, I apologize. I should have reacted that way.
Oh, God. You're such a wimp man.
They must have made him an offering couldn't refuse.
David Gregory, my ass. He's staying into another day in a bash.
You know, Lou Dobbs went to her for some stupid report in front of the White House a couple days ago.
And she started doing her usual wedding. She's got the shrunken head. Have you ever seen Dana Bash?
She's a shrunken head.
Yeah. She kind of looks like an old man culture, if you ask me.
A shrunken head and a colder junior.
And she started waffling and doing the excuse making about the Arabian.
And Lou Dobbs cut her off right in mid-sentence.
So thank you for her a bunch of Dana.
And that was the end of her.
And she had this shocked look on her face like that.
That's it.
You've got to do it.
That's it, bitch.
Anyway, getting back to this.
So last paragraph in his article here about the dead eye dick and his ambulance.
The unfortunate upshot of all this misdirected report, our reputorial zeal is that channy will now probably be dissuaded from going hunting anymore.
What we should be doing is leaving the guy alone and hopes that he'll make more trips to the Armstrong ranch
in the company of Cheney O'Conn strategist, new Supreme Court members and key senate and house leaders.
Oh, yeah.
Now we're talking, baby.
It's more duck hunting trips with the judge Scalia shouldn't be ruled out, especially very soon.
It will be a good idea.
He could take the half of the Supreme Court with him.
Yeah.
I bet you have a real good time with the Clarence Token Thomas.
What?
Go get the bird out there, which Clarence?
Yeah, that's it.
Good old Clarence Token Thomas.
It's the bird.
You might as well let it be.
It's the bird.
Okay, okay, I am.
Gramps and assholes, come on.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Grant.
You, Gene Thomas.
Grant and Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court.
And you know, there's not so many people that they'd take this off.
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't nothing but a bit of a joy.
Yeah, maybe you'll see guys at your.
I know, but we are.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
Here we go.
I'm in Token.
And I spoke it to the East.
And I spoke it to the West.
And I spoke it while I look up Saturday.
Oh, God, I was best.
Oh, right.
I'll be Token.
Let's go bird while y'all.
Let me put these three seven to Luna W.A.M. on a Monday, February 27th.
We got the phone working now.
We got this going.
We got that going.
This go.
Yeah.
Actually, I did that all on my own during the break.
I just, I was flipping in the wrong place.
I never flipped in the wrong place.
We're just trying to flip it.
I slipped that baby down there and I flipped my magic twangour
and just like that.
Or was it?
Al Qaeda says we infiltrated the UAE government.
What is the prize?
Okay.
Al Qaeda is going to be in charge of the ports in the USA, including Miami.
Oh, wait, the story you just read in this one.
If you sent those to Josh, then they're on there twice because I remember both of those.
For what it is, they're good enough to be posted twice the ass.
They're good enough to be on every day.
Especially the one about the chainy being drunk and about the amount of his ambulance.
That's right.
I posted the other one too where I was.
With all your taxpayers, all your suckers out there paying for an ambulance to, you know,
a portable hospital there because your vice president's got a real bad ticker.
He takes a lick and but he keeps on ticking.
What the hell movie did I see John Cameron Swazion?
What movie was he in?
Oh, he was in a face in the crowd.
Okay.
He was doing a report on NBC News about the character Andy Griffin.
What the hell was the name?
Character he played him?
I don't know.
I didn't see it.
It's sitting on my dresser.
Oh, it's Lonesome Roads.
No relation to Randy Rhodes.
Or Dusty Rhodes.
Or Dusty Rhodes.
Lonesome Roads.
And like I said, it was okay but he just got more and more over the top and out of control.
And I was urging to watch it and I'd be interested in hearing what you have to say.
It's okay but it's way over the top.
Some time this week maybe tomorrow.
I mean obviously Peter French was over the top in network but that's totally the deal.
That's so great.
That was the idea.
It's supposed to be good.
But this one it seemed like everybody was over the top including his wild sidekick there that stumbled
on the sidekick with a tie on that kept playing the applause machine.
And anywhere you'll see it.
Al Qaeda warned the government of the U.A. United Arab Emirates more than three years ago that it infiltrated key government agencies
according to a disturbing document released by the U.S. military.
It infiltrated key government agencies.
The warning was contained in the June 2002 message to U.A.E. rulers in which the...
And by the way speaking of democracy they got a really good one over there.
Don't think?
Oh yeah.
Just like the Saudis.
Democracy freedoms on a march.
Civil war in Iraq.
Like somebody once said somebody poked the hornet system.
They don't know how to get the bees back in the beeswax.
Another warning was contained in the June 2002 message to U.A.E. rulers in which the terror network demanded the release of another number of Mujahideen, the Tainese who...
It said it's been arrested by government crackdown in the aftermath of 9-11 attacks.
The explosive document, this is a new or post, the explosive document has certain to become ammunition for critics of the controversial U.A.E. port deal, who fear that the Dubai-based firm could be used by terrorists to sneak money in personnel into the U.S.A.
Little is known about the origins of authorship of the message.
You're well aware that we've infiltrated your security censorship and monetary agencies, along with other agencies that should not be mentioned in the message set.
Therefore, we warn the continuation of practicing policies which do not serve you, Renteristam, will only cost you many problems that will place you in an embarrassing state before your citizens, embarrassing state, like Florida.
Your homeland is exposed to us. There are many vital interests that will hurt you if you decided to harm them.
The document was among a batch of international, of internal al-Qaeda communications captured by U.S. forces in a war on terror.
They were declassified and released earlier this month by the Center for Combining Terrorism at West Point.
How do you like that?
I don't.
So I think we ought to put al-Qaeda in charge of the ports and the airports.
What do you say?
And the Secret Service?
Secret Service?
All the food distributors?
Mm-hmm. Just like the old cheesehead Tommy Thompson once said, as you can't believe they haven't poisoned their food yet?
This is the latest food.
This is 5.62.8.
Mr. King, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome one hour.
I'm living in pain.
All right.
Ever since I was young boy I've played the power ball.
I choose by blocking up bus but never hit it all.
I eat these one day of penny, now one day of income.
Got some advice for you, old folks.
You don't say the slave power ball.
I'm buying up those quick picks, I'm spending all my green.
Pulling money from my wallet, then always please be clean.
I'm off by 20 divutes, with every ball that's balls.
I've been 10 thanks to my advice picks, and don't say the slave power ball.
Yeah, I'm a power ball loser, you know where I am, but since my power ball loser has a gambling that persists.
Yeah, big finish, man.
You see those eight meat packers out and looking to brass good.
I thought somebody really hit a big, got 365 million.
It was going to become a real big winner.
A whole bunch of them.
And after they run it through the formula they each get what, like 15 million?
15 and a half million.
Which I would throw it back.
I'm going to throw it back like a fish.
No, I'd take it.
15 and a half million in my ass, and we're thinking of one guy at 365 million.
First of all, divide 365, just 360 by 8.
Okay?
He's about...
What?
You divide it.
About 45 million a piece.
So they're getting 15 and a half million?
Yeah, because they could take the right one.
I know, see this is the scam of the lottery.
I remember, including the Florida lottery.
I don't get to full amount.
You get to take it.
You want it all in one lump sum as opposed to an annuity which takes like 20 or 30 years.
They give you like a fraction of what you're supposed to get.
And then on top of it, you have to pay taxes on it.
What a joke.
Look at that.
Look at the nice caps on the Hamas, man.
They're nice green caps.
120 million euros.
That's $140 million.
$60 million.
Look really spiffy at the Olympics, you know?
I guess those Palestinians don't do too many winners for it, so.
I think they do the illusion.
Yeah, yeah.
I think it's a bush that's illusion.
Now, I'm looking at this picture on Tropical Life.
I just went to the picture that used to get.
I'm noticing, I had noticed this before, that my middle digit is the one that's kind of like sticking up in the air.
I think that's what I was thinking.
Oh, they put the picture out of here.
Out of where?
Well, I had a copy of the cover.
Can't you just go online?
I mean, I can't go to the MiamiHerald.com, Jesus Christ, man.
How come I'm the only one that's technically EFT?
Look at how fast I got this damn phone back on.
Not that I wanted to tell it.
Are you on Tropical Life?
AboutHerald.com.
Tropical Life.
Click it.
And there's that paper look like, huh?
And I look at the finger.
I had noticed that before.
It felt like a finger.
Middle finger, just to...
That's a message to the Herald, by the way, okay?
Not to give it back to you, he's a good guy.
I was a photographer, ladies.
He was nice.
But that's a message to the MiamiHerald.
I thought it was your index finger at first.
But I guess it ain't.
It ain't.
It's the middle digit.
Look at this story that somebody dispacts in police, say,
man hides in bathrooms and drinks boys urine in Columbus, Ohio.
And things used to be pretty normal there until the rumors moved in.
Columbus, Ohio, a central Ohio man, allegedly told police last week
that he likes to drink the urine of adolescent boys.
Alan Patton 54.
I wonder what Peter Clayton would think about that.
He'd probably be urinating to hear more about it.
Ooh.
Alan Patton 54 was in jail after allegedly telling
Guyana, Ohio, police about his affection for urine.
He's urinating for urine.
Police said Patton goes to family restaurants and movie theaters
and waits for boys in a bathroom stall.
Investigators said he's, oh no.
Careful.
He shuts off the water of the child's level of urine
and puts a cup in the bottom.
He goes back in the cup and drinks the urine detective Ron Fithin said,
there's a true story.
This is from, what is it from?
NBC6 in Ohio.
Whoa.
Patton allegedly told police he leaves the stall after the child leaves.
Old thank God for that.
A fifth and interview pattern after he was arrested while leaving
a movie theater last weekend.
Listening him to scribe, it's like listening to a cracker cocaine addict.
He's addicted to children's urine, Fithin said.
According to police, Patton said he's been drinking urine for years.
He told us he's been doing it for over 40 years since he was seven years old, Fithin said.
He said that was the Fithin's today.
Police said Patton told him it makes him sick, but it's almost spiritual to him.
He allegedly added, I like it because it makes me closer to them
like I'm drinking their youth.
A new Albany Ohio father played a role in Patton's arrest.
He told someone in a movie theater that Patton was staring at his son in the bathroom.
The theater employed and called police.
Officials said Patton is a registered sexual predator who was convicted of rape 13 years ago.
Police said Bili Patton's been collecting and drinking urine in cities around Central Ohio,
including Hillard, Westerville, Dublin, Worthington, and Gahana.
The mad urine drinker on the loose.
I really heard Ricky Martin get together.
There you go. They could take showers together.
That would be golden.
How are we doing on that?
I've got to get off that picture.
Yeah, that picture does something to me.
The May West look.
What is the oddest name in sports today that's our poll question?
715 votes?
We got a shot of what, 800?
Or not push it and I've been put it on it all about E3 this morning for some strange reason.
I don't know why.
Victoricl, 191.
I hate this poll 127.
Well, guess what, Yamama.
I hate sports 73.
Coco Crisp 70.
Peekaboo Street 50.
Dick Pound 45.
Dick Buches 19.
Dick Poul 19.
Plexico Puris.
You're making me love, right?
No, what?
You haven't heard of these people?
Dick Pound is with the International Olympic Committee.
He's the one that said that everybody in the NHL are on steroids.
Who the hell is Dick Poul?
Dick Buches is a former anti-prod.
I know, he doesn't even have a good figure.
Who's Dick Poul?
Dick Poul is a race car driver.
He usually gets the poll position.
I was just going to say it.
Dick Poul is a pitching coach.
He used to be the pitching coach for the Cubs.
Okay.
Right, Josh?
Didn't he play?
Well, yeah, of course.
And no pitching coach didn't play, yeah.
What's the pot of time about 80 years ago?
All right.
She is a scud, man.
Plexico Puris 18.
Kevin Pitsnoggle 13.
Shaq has got 11.
11 for Shaqwheel.
Misha Shesky 10.
Debrickish Afirgason's got 7.
He's moving up nicely.
Apollo Oh No 7.
Fimbo Cool 6.
Mirosha Tan 6.
Yang Yang 6.
Mickey Klutz 5.
Ron Tugnob 4.
Lace Fee 4.
Kabuki Gillespie.
Gillespie.
Gillespie.
Gillespie.
Gillespie.
Gillespie.
David Seaman 2.
Radik Bunkett's Silsus Raider.
Radik Bunkett was an occupier.
Eric had no idea who that is.
And there was anybody else.
VA points to.
Lydinian Thomson 2.
Hey, Latti.
Never did they call him Latti.
Stick your spoon in it, Latti.
Tobias Anger 2.
Adelwell Ogunle.
Where did that come from?
How's that?
I put that on there.
How'd you forget that one?
I never heard that.
Adelwale Ogunle A.
He was a dolphin.
He was?
I remember that one.
Get out of here.
Look at that.
George remembers it.
No he doesn't.
We had an unprovolous at what night?
Adelwale Ogunle A.
Yeah.
If you do, you clean it up.
Lance Pitleck 1.
Ontario Smith 1.
He's from Alberta.
Steve Bowling 1.
J. Baller 1.
Jeff Balls got one.
And no votes for Steph on the yellow curl like us.
Rocco Mediate is a golf guy.
Takedo spikes.
Joey Godspeed.
Pippi Sau.
I don't know what that is.
Jeff Payne, Sean Crook's or Joey Cheek.
I wonder what Cheek they're talking about.
Correct them.
Oh man.
So there you go.
I just, I still got a very heavy pile, okay?
Sure.
I just feel like maybe just this one day this week.
Do something useful.
Okay.
Well, let's see.
What is Doug Thompson doing today?
I said this one long.
I said this one long.
I'm not a politics.
Mama plays both sides.
Do I have time to read this?
This is a fairly long Doug Thompson.
I'll put an elastic in my policy.
I don't want to overdo it.
Especially after the other day, the good one he wrote about it.
It can't even be in Brooklyn, Wisconsin.
It's hunting accident.
Errach death squads on the Brink of Civil War.
Most of the corpses in Baghdad's mortuary show signs of torture and execution, and the interior
ministry is being blamed.
Isn't it great that we put democracies on a march?
Freedom's on a march.
We put a wonderful government of really tolerant, progressive, 14th century people in there.
Hundreds of Iraqis are being tortured at death.
They're summarily executed every month in Baghdad alone.
By death squads working from the Ministry of the Interior, the one outgoing human rights chief in Iraq has revealed.
John Pace, who left Baghdad two weeks ago, told the independent newspaper, The Brit Independent, on Sunday,
that up to three quarters of the corpses stacked in the city's mortuary, show evidence of gunshot wounds to the haze or injuries caused by drill bits or burning cigarettes.
Much of the killing he said was carried out by Shia Muslim groups under the control of the Ministry of the Interior.
Under the government, you understand, right?
This is the government that we help to get elected, that we help to stick their ass in there.
Much of these statistical information provided by the Mr. Pace and his team comes from the Baghdad Medical Legal Institute,
which is located next to the city's mortuary.
He said figures show that last July the morgue alone received 1100 bodies, about 900 of which bore evidence of torture or summary execution.
The pattern prevailed like like, uh, yeah, am I through?
The pattern prevailed throughout the year until December when the number dropped to 780 bodies, about 400 of which had gunshot or torture wounds.
But they're making some heavy duty improvements serious, you know?
Big time.
It's being done by anyone who wishes to wipe out anybody else for various reasons, said Mr. Pace, who worked for the UN for more than 40 years in countries ranging from Liberia to Chile.
But the bulk are attributed to the agents of the Ministry of the Interior.
Coupled with the suicide bombings and attacks on Shia Holy places carried out by Sunnis, some of whom are followers of Abu Moussa Balsar Kawi,
the activities of the S-Qas are pushing Iraq ever closer to a sectarian civil war.
As if, I mean, how many people predicted this?
30,000.
30,000 told us that we're going to have civil war.
I say, let's start, start them back in there tomorrow.
He was asked right back in, and he would record pull out.
Right.
He'll take care of business.
Don't get things straight now.
He has veys.
Oh, look at that, a piece of coffee.
Wow.
Woo!
Wait, man.
Did you send that or did Steve Wilson that direct?
Oh, somebody gave it to me on his sympathy.
Troy gave it to you?
Well, Josh gave it to me, actually.
Somebody gave it to him.
It was a busy chain, don't you know?
I see.
From when it's passed noon, John and Baker were like not to give it to you, but they'd like to send you some great food at a very modest price.
That's right.
The prices are low family prices.
You can go and enjoy the fantastic fresh pizza and all the great hot and cold oversized subs.
And their famous sloppy sausage sub and great down home-it-setting in favorites like lasagna, chicken parmesan, veal, and peppers, cannelloni, and lots of sauce more, too.
Everything is made fresh for you, and John even greets the customers every day because when you go to John the Baker, either location, you're part of John's family.
John the Baker has been doing it in town for over 30 long years now.
About 30, man.
That's kind of like a contemporary me, wouldn't you say?
Yeah.
Oh, George, you're doing a one in two in a three?
That's right.
Stop by for fantastic pizza.
The family-style Italian food in John's world-famous gigantic huge garlic rolls the best there are anywhere.
You find two John the Baker locations.
They're in Pemberpines, 125 92 Pines, a little hard, and the brand new location just opened in Cooper City at 8835 Sterling Road Corner Sterling in Pine Island.
Here are the phone numbers for takeout in Pemberpines, called 9.5.4.4.3.143.15.
4.3.143.15, and in Cooper City, called 9.5.4.252.0091.
Be sure and tell John that Neil told you to stop by.
252.0091.
It just doesn't get any better than John the Baker.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.60 Q.A.M.
Case in you're on Q.A.M.
We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
That does no National Guard-no.
From the director, a curious George.
Come on, Pete.
Stay there, little guy.
And the producer, a broke-back mountain.
Or is your son the way to make some sense of your-
It's broke-back monkeys.
Get ready for some serious monkey business.
This is so awesome.
Bro-back monkey.
Boy, that's over.
About 17.5.60 WQM is George saying the same thing and we've had that's over.
No, he's still out there.
He's still out there, huh?
Yeah, he must be having a rough one.
He's doing the Lawrence-Wugman, a 1-2 or 3, and a 4, I think.
And a 5.
Man, that is bad news.
Have you run the right-hand-door business?
That's God punishing you for letting the-
No, no.
He thought about it from my-
No, listen to me.
Okay.
The reason that Beth came to you with that scam,
pouring the show and putting some wood be sponsor on it and some boring guest,
because she wouldn't approach me with that,
because you know, I'd tell her absolutely no chance.
Well, you're wrong that he happened to be in town that day already.
I don't give a crap if he was like a-
I mounted on top of the building.
Never wise.
That's why it was going up and down there.
On top of the fire hydrant out there in the corner of Ives-Derry road in 4-41,
I don't give a crap if he was like a-
a 455 pounds and wedged inside the doorway there, okay?
If you had been on the air that day, then she would have approached you.
Well, that would have been a bad idea.
I would have told her no.
He'll do that, but I'll have to go completely bad ideas,
what would have been on it.
Anyway.
Now, I just got to a plan.
Jason, you're on QAM.
You don't have any National Guard men because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, no.
No.
No.
Governor's of both parties, cities, that they had a Bush administration policies
were stripping the National Guard of Equipment and Personnel,
and needed to respond to hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, forest fires,
and other emergencies.
Tens of thousands of National Guard members have been sent to Iraq,
casing you're on QAM.
You don't have any National Guard men because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No.
Tens of thousands of National Guard members have been sent to Iraq along with much of the Equipment and Deal with National Disasters and Terrorist threats in the US.
The Governor said at the Winter Meeting with the National Governors Association in Washington, DC,
the National Guard, which traces its roots in the colonial militia, has a dual federal state rule.
Governors normally command their guard and their states, but guard members deployed over seasons
according to the federal mission are under the control of the President.
The Governor said they're presenting their concerns to President Bush and Defense Secretary Hermann Gehring-Rumsfeld today.
In a preview of their message, all 50 governors signed a letter to the President
and all 50 governors opposing any cuts in the size of the National Guard.
Unfortunately, the letter said when our National Guard met a woman returned from being deployed in foreign theaters,
much of their equipment rains behind.
The Governor said the White House must immediately re-equip guard units to carry out their homeland security and domestic disaster duties.
Governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, a Republican and chairman of the Governor's Association said
the National Guard plays an incredibly valuable role in the states, but we're concerned about as governors
is that when our troops had deployed for long periods of time and their equipment goes with them but doesn't come back,
the troops are very strained and they no longer have the equipment they were trained to use.
Nearly a third of the American ground forces in Iraq are members of the Army National Guard.
Jason, you're on QM.
We don't have any National Guards then because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No National Guard in Iraq.
No.
Yeah, get your act together Jason.
Let's see.
Do we want to put X-ray hip on this thing?
Why not?
Well, okay.
I don't know if he's still around or anybody's mind, but I know the name was okay.
And it spelled EXRE is an X-ray man.
Oh, and speaking of that, guess who- oh, I know what I wanted to tell everybody in the world.
Those three awful boring eating days that was down there.
Yeah, you'll never, ever guess who I saw on Channel 4.
Angela Ray.
Jim DeFese's.
Oh, rare treats.
You haven't had the pleasure yet.
I take it.
Well, I had seen him once before in an interview when he was on the shaving.
Uh-huh.
Didn't help.
Didn't help.
But it's not so much that what's on the face of the- and the best part of the deal is they show him standing up.
Yeah, they shouldn't do that.
All 1400 pounds of him standing up.
Why not like having a sitting down behind like a wall?
Well, you know how that goes on your fat kind of rises up.
Now, can you tell me what this yes or amafar thing is all about?
I guess that's the guy his name is yes or, uh, yes or error fact.
Yeah, I want to buy a joke for the poll.
I think it's a poll suggestion.
He's a player.
Yeah.
His name is YASIR.
A-R-A-F-A-F.
I'm a fat.
Well, let's stick him on it.
Okay, just this for Yuck.
So let's get some of our good- we don't want to get the Arab Street upset by excluding YASIR.
Because like Joe Fines had, there's nothing worse than pissing off the Arab Street.
I'd like to stick to Yoke Lines' carcass out there right in the middle of some Arab Street.
Let them have a good time with them.
That's what I think of you, Joe.
You jackass.
You cymbaled him.
You f- whizzling.
Sell out.
Fony.
He's as Fony as a $414 bill.
Yoke Lines.
He ain't too mighty fine.
I'll tell you that.
5-6705-6M.
Give them the numbers.
I'll just pretend they're one- take some of these calls.
I might.
You never know.
Sure.
Surprise.
I got the story about the retired Army Lieutenant Colonel who's on a no-fly list.
You see that?
Nope.
Oh, this is a cute story.
If Ohio State Representative Robert Hagen's proposal becomes law, Republicans will be barred from adopting.
Do you that?
All right.
Sounds like a good plan.
Wednesday night Hagen wrote a mock proposal to counter when introduced by State Representative Ron Hood, Republican of Asheville, aimed at banning gay adoption.
I wonder if the name of Hood is just an accident or if there's something like something like something like that.
I think so.
Hagen said that credible research shows that adopted children raised in Republican households are more at risk for developing emotional problems, social stigmas, inflated egos, and alarming lack of tolerance for others.
They've been different from themselves and they're of overconfidence to mass their insecurities.
For his part, Representative Hood's legislation backed by eight other conservative Republican lawmakers who'd prefer 22,000 Ohio children to languish in foster care rather than be adopted or fostered by gay parents.
What is it about Ohio and Florida where it's Bill Robinson on Yahoo?
I think Yahoo is appropriate for the story, too.
What is it about Ohio and Florida?
There's always trouble brewing.
As we know, they've got lots of problems with their voting machines.
Lots of dead white people who vote and lots of living black people aren't allowed to.
They're not going to have something else in common.
The irrational and probably instantier fear of gay adoption.
Gay adoption.
Oh my god.
Say it out loud in a crowded room.
And just imagine what you're going to get.
Gay adoption.
Oh my god.
Coincidence?
No rather as USA Today managed to observe between colorful pie charts.
The second front of the culture wars that began in 2004.
These closely divided states barely handed W.D. election in 2000 and 2004, at least allegedly.
And it was in large part due to the gay marriage issue on the ballot, which got the faithful out of their trailers into the polls.
As Sigourney Weaver would say, nice trailer.
This election year, however, they got a new tactic.
Stopped the gaze from helping unwanted children.
Actually, Florida's had that covered since 1977 thanks to the Anita Bryant Law.
But this week Ohio joins 15 other states by producing this kind of homophobic Republican base spading measure.
In fact, the backers have said that if it fails in the assembly which it will, they'll fight to get it on the fall ballot.
Never mind the fact that there are virtually no credible studies that show adverse effects in gay adoption or parenting.
Ron Hood wants to save the children of Asheville, Ohio.
And who is Ron Hood?
He's a no-knack, proudly flashing his three month old daughter on his pro-family website.
He's endorsed by the NRA.
They love his voting against the proposal they have done always locked up firearms at home and is voting to allow concealed weapons anywhere.
He's against abortion in the RU486 pill anti-union and is devoted to repeal the minimum wage in Ohio.
His background is in construction.
Needless to say, he won the outstanding young conservative award in 2000.
Ron Hood is up for election and he's learned the lesson of Ohio.
Wage issue.
He's playing hateful politics.
He's done nothing in his decade in the state house to help children.
Except, and sure more than our foreign appearance, he don't want them.
With hope that they'll grow up working for less than minimum wage before being shot with a concealed weapon.
Ron Hood would deny homes to children who need them.
He would deny children to families who want them.
He has the bastard spawned the last two rogue campaigns.
He is emblematic of the future of the Shrewdly Device of Republican Party.
He is the face of evil minus the neck.
As a 43-year-old lesbian, mom and old highway told the Cincinnati Inquirer,
it's like having someone put a KKK cross in your front yard.
In some way's opinion, you're not right.
The crazy thing is they're the ones who have the hatred in their heart.
They're the ones who have the fear in their heart.
I'm just raising kids in paint taxes, you be saying.
According to the latest ABC poll, most Americans believe it all engaged to adopt as a good idea.
Most Americans want never stops the cynical political forces that work in Ohio during an election year.
And as we've learned the hard way, the rest of us can never afford to overlook what happens in Ohio.
Like that fixed vote in 2004.
Speaking of vote, watch the group questions.
2000 Florida vote will get to that.
I'm just pop-up by too much of this today, man.
I'm laying down on the floor.
They're not talking no more.
And speaking of no more, we ain't got no more.
Although we do have no National Guard in Iraq, thank God.
Thank God that he elucidated us about that before he left, you know what?
Now what's going on there?
Long Beach Airport.
They still have everybody jammed up outside.
They say they captured him about a mile away from that airport.
Now the incident happened early this morning and it led to a 90 minute evacuation.
About 1000 people.
Oh my God.
They asked their search the airport.
They reportedly did not find anything suspicious.
Well, there you go.
That's why everybody's still all milling around outside, you know.
They're still looking, maybe they'll plant something suspicious in there.
So we can all be thinking about, oh, thank God for whatever it is for 9-11.
I mean, 7-11.
Isn't that what the Bush people are?
Most people say thank heaven for 7-11.
The Bush crowds, they think heaven for 9-11.
What do you think?
You know what they pray every day.
The Bushies and Bandar Bush and their friends in the Saudi Arabia, and the Saudi friends and their UAE friends,
and all their other, and all these other wonderful Middle Eastern democracies, baby.
Yeah, we're freedoms on the march.
This is Neil Rogers.
That freedom's hiding under those schmachas.
16-2-8-6.
Oh, hi boys and girls.
Give me, mechermouse.
From this nisletisting park in beautiful Damascus area, it's a small mind after all.
Now, we pass out taking the kids to Disney Damascus, you know, because they blow up so fast.
Come see space mountain cave hideouts.
Mr. Ben Laden's wild ride.
Scuds like your space ranger spin.
In search of the Caribbean.
And especially Indiana Jones in the Temple of Boom.
And by the way, sure, we stoned that trips and growled to death were not wearing a Berka.
But what the hell's the matter with you people?
I don't know what you've been smoking, but ever since Scoopy blew himself up,
Elda, now and I have been trying to spread the word that cartoons are about as real as world-class acid-induced technicone of green people.
So come visit us.
It is the New York Damascus, where Donald Duck doesn't wear pants, but our women are covered,
and where tomorrow land is set in 1352.
And for all you infadels, am I see?
See you soon.
Hey, why?
Why?
Because we hate you.
And I'm all US.
Oh crap.
Oops.
Oh.
We've probably seen planet again.
We'll furyate the Arab street.
I asked the question if it's okay to make fun of what's his name Muhammad, you know, audibly.
And everyone said it was, yeah, we got a call saying yes, okay.
I say it's not an image.
On the other hand, we can make those grave grave in images.
What we can say.
Bluh, bluh, bluh, bluh, bluh, like that.
Oh, I bet that's not even them.
That's the, yeah, I can't tell.
They do that.
All they do is the Indian one.
They all do it.
What's that, they're bit?
It's cast Stevens.
Right.
Right, yes.
I don't want to put it whole thing.
Oh, this is Albert Kaita from Charlie Van Records.
That's the only way to be able to get in with Elk, to buy a way to set.
Oh, that's Stevens Collection.
You know Muhammad is right.
I'm a steady with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
And make those into the frame.
I was on hooting the classic.
I was on the airplane.
And suddenly with the change, their matches I can burn.
And where it's out on my head.
I'm in for a violin.
16.
What do they do?
The money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
It wouldn't happen if I were a Jew.
Find our skin.
And a rag.
If you want a detainee.
I know the variation of the classic.
I ask myself every day.
Which American should pay?
Tell me who would you promise?
I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding.
I'm telling you the mega woman.
She lives in a veil and explores herself.
So buy New Cat Stevens Collection for table 1995.
Or you can pay with B.S.
on Mastercard or weapons of Masterstruck.
Who are you?
There you go, good one.
Just 17% of Americans believed the buy ports world should be a lot of purchase operating rights to several US ports.
A Rasmussen report survey found that 64% disagree and believe the sale should not be allowed.
Just 39% of Americans even know that the operating rights are currently owned by a foreign firm.
The Brits say, although not the British government.
15% believe the operating rights are US owned while 46% are not sure.
In other words, basically dumb.
From a political perspective, President Bush's national security credentials have been clearly been tarnished due to the uncrowave of the issue.
For the first time ever, Americans have a slight preference for Democrats in Congress over the present on national security issues.
43% say they trust the Democrats more in this issue today while 41% say they prefer DUMBO.
How do you like that?
27% of Americans do not believe foreign firms should be allowed to buy any companies in the US.
That's a joke.
For example, I got this.
Foreign ownership of specific US industries, you want to hear the percentages for an own?
Okay, I already went to the bathroom.
I'll give you a few of these.
Sound recording industries, 97% for an own.
Commodity contracts, leaving in brokerage, 79%.
Motion-friture and sound recording industries, 75% for an own.
Metal or mining, 65%.
Motion-friture and video industries, 64%.
Wineries and distilleries, 64% like that silly Brit you had on here on Friday.
Database directly another publisher, 63%, book publisher, 63%, cement concrete lime and gypsum product, 62%.
Engine turbine and power transmission equipment, 57%.
Rubber product, 53%.
53% of your rubbers are foreign owned.
Nonmethod probably have little holes per person in them too.
Nonmethod like mineral product manufacturing, 53%, plastics and rubber product manufacturing, 52%.
Enacosah, boiler tank and shipping containers, 50%.
Sugar and confectionary product, 48%.
Advertising and related services, 41% for an own.
Pharmaceutical and medicine, so we get back to that pool and what was it percent?
27% of Americans don't fully afford and firm should be allowed by any company's newest.
You go back to that scene of network where he's screaming about the herbs and bought up the whole day and picked you remember that?
Right.
And the CCA deal must stop it now, whatever he's screaming.
That was great.
He wanted a knee deep in telegrams and the last check when Robert DuVal called when Tom Hagen was at his name and I was the Godfather.
What that was his name?
Oh geez, the network.
Hackett Frank Hackett.
Oh, sorry.
They were up to their armpits.
They were drowning in telegrams at the White House.
5, 6, 7, 8, we'll probably have a sneak a few calls in here today if you're like we're cheating the audience so there are opportunities to throw in their one or two cents.
Yes, somehow.
Yeah.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Mr. Near, how are you being?
Okay.
If I could reminisce for just a second, I would like for you to think back to the 2004 presidential debate and I would like to ask you what do you think the Republican response would be?
If John Kerry stood up and said I think that six of the major shipping points in this country should be run by an Arab country.
What do you think their response would be on that day?
Oh my gosh.
Okay.
I'm just kind of wondering, do you happen to know that if you just happen to get a wild hand up your butt one day and you want to go to this UAE?
You went over there, you liked it for some reason and you wanted to buy property.
Did you know that you're not allowed to buy property there?
Well, did you also know that the UAE is on the government's list of countries that Americans are advised not to visit?
That's absolutely correct.
That is correct.
I know that.
What an interesting story regarding the guy who drinks urine.
Since your buddy there sits there with a whole deck of olfies, I would like to dedicate Tommy Rose sweet pea to that guy.
Okay.
Oh no.
Now if you've got sweet pea by Tommy Rowe, I do.
Oh no.
Wasn't he part of the Popeye family there?
The Dollar Well, wasn't sweet pea.
One of those?
They were all kin.
Sweet.
Sweet.
I'm going to clear it.
Don't.
It only comes up so fast, you know.
Well, why is that?
Since it's a regular computer, it ain't a DCS.
I think that's how an ADC term on workers, everybody.
I don't have that to say.
This is your face.
66.
How do you like that?
Tommy Rowe.
He was there pretty weak.
Anyway, I just had something fantastic I was going to be able to tell you about the UAE.
Yeah.
Americans are advised do not travel to the UAE because there's a great threat of terrorist attacks on Westerners, especially Americans in the UAE.
And yet these are the people.
This is the country on the nationally owned company that your president has made this back to her.
And he often pretends he didn't know about it.
Right.
Now, how many vetoes is the president done since he's been in office?
Tell me a number.
Zero.
That's correct.
Zero.
And yet he is herniatic.
You know, does it take a genius to figure out why this hernia is bustling inside of his, what's left of his brain?
Why the Bush family is so obsessed and adamant, adamant, like they said, and networked adamant time.
And insistent, this deal is going to go through.
And if you try to like pass them, and that's why they got this 45 day cooling off period.
Now it's just a dog and pony show to try to get you get all their lobbyists in there with Bob Dole and all these other ponies that are on the, they're on the dole all right.
So they can go in and twist it enough arms so they can not override the veto.
This is a business deal, okay.
This is a business deal between the Bush family and the Arabs again, okay.
And if that's what America wants, if that's what you people want, then thank God I'm not there.
This is new Roger.
This is by 60 P.A.S.
America loves to watch moves and butts and bointers.
Uh, nobody has been hosting you today.
Hey, will you please be having a blue smear beach?
We are having a sale on camera.
We have had about 20 flavors.
We have a bread that is not pizza.
We are HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT
HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT-R Hitup, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, HGT, H...
$245.60 Kw Ham happy Monday to him. And February. Almost be over.
Hanon and Maric Carter were basically eating 30-10 University show.
any entry that's what I say. I'll dust all with Dr. Frenzy about it. He's all
emotional as usual. He's crying about it. So somebody thanks to the biography of
Catherine Armstrong of the genius.
Warren Ilds doll and Catherine Armstrong both worked for major investment firms at the time of
their 82 wedding with the pain Weber grew marrying a Smith Barney bride. How sweet.
During the 2000 bush campaign the Venmary couple still reminded me of a
shared of common pioneer tracking number. Catherine is the daughter of pioneer
Tobin Armstrong and heir to the fabled Armstrong King Ranch fortunes from other
and Armstrong who was K. Bailey Hutchinson's best friend, helped launch the
Senator's career as Republican National Committee Co-chair in 71. As Texas
Treasurer in the early 1990s K. Bailey Hutchinson was a real redneck, returned the
favor by having Armstrong's son-in-law worn its doll as a top aid.
But Hutchinson fired him after a short tenure. Warren's doll was also an executive at
health and life insurer, United Insurance Companies for several years and late 90s.
Then Governor George W. Bush appointed Catherine as the doll to the Texas Parks and Wildlife
Commission in 1999. The installs divorced and Catherine reclaimed her maiden name after
Bush's gubernatorial successor pointed Catherine's share of the commission.
This heir apparent to the Armstrong Ranch Residers state post in 2003,
citing her need to make a living for her three children. Armstrong said it lobbying is one possible
career move. Wow, how do you like that? All these rich drunks get together and go on
little or shoot nest tradition, shoot and piss in a barrel, and you know they're in my
own. Can't hurt. Oh yeah, can hunt. It didn't even to me to sound.
Never, I never cared for that, you know, especially the tomato paste.
Yeah. God, what other what you do with it? Oh, no, maybe you can water it down and drink it.
I don't know. Sure. Author Dan Brown appeared in court today in London.
At the start of a trial, which two historians say he copied their work to write the Da Vinci code,
best seller and are suing his British publisher. See, I don't understand why anybody waste their time.
Well, no, I do, I do understand. Because people are brainwashed. Well,
at anybody waste their time reading about Jesus and Mary Magdalene and all these silly stories.
Well, why? You know, we talk about the Kennedy assassination and about the Bobby Kennedy
and Martin Luther King assassinations and all the doubts that are still around.
Then that's in most of our lives, many of our lifetimes.
And yet, here just two weeks ago, we had this corpus Christi cheney shoot him up thing going on.
And the public's never going to know the truth. Never.
Because if these secret service guys decide to go like to the inquire somewhere and open
up a mountainous story, they're going to see them no more. No way, no how.
The old smear and smear and you know, if worse comes towards you,
this guy will eliminate them altogether, went and doubt rub them out.
And so all of this fascination and obsession with garbage that allegedly happened thousands of
years ago that was written about years and years after. There was no printing press. Okay,
there was no fountain pen. There was no copying machine. There was no internet. Okay.
Jesus, they didn't even have bar mitzvahs back then. I don't think maybe they did.
Today I am a fountain pen. Maybe that's where they wrote it. Maybe the old times you
wrote all that stuff with their fountain pens. I got for bar mitzvahs. I think that could be.
Or maybe they wrote with a quill. I don't think anybody else here
is so much better than the old fashioned quill. Not a good idea today because they might be
the bird flu. I don't know. I hadn't thought about that. Yeah, but it's better to go right now.
Richerbly and Michael Vaijon are suing, oh Michael Vaijon, I wonder what track he drives at.
I wonder if he's kind of Mario Baijon. Are suing their own publisher random house for lifting
the whole architecture of the research to win another 82 non-fiction book, The Holy Blood and
The Holy Grail. It's itself a bestseller. Brown's religious thriller has more than 36 million
copies in print worldwide and is upset Catholics good for suggesting Jesus married Mary
Magdalene had a child buyer. The same theory is put forward in Holy Blood and Blood and The Holy
Grail. All bubble miceies. But I do know there was an Abraham and there was a Solomon. Abraham Solomon.
There's on both sides of the case of decline to come in and how the trauma affects
cells of the hugely successful novel or the distribution of a major Hollywood adaption which
Sony pictures plans to release in May. That each your heart out. You jackass.
Jonathan James, I'm talking about Mel Gibson. I wasn't speaking to you.
I'm not talking about Friday again. Jonathan James and I did the Beth come in there like a
apologize to you. I'm so sorry. I got your ass in hot water. No she came in here because
what you have to do to make this much if you thought that Neil was going to have a problem with this
you should have told me in the first place and I wouldn't have done it. She said that. Well not in
those words but she actually said that. No not in those words. I'd slap that picture round a little bit.
It was me. She didn't know. It was me that said round. No no no.
Jonathan James representing by draw and Lee told a high court that Dan Brown copied from the
holy blood and holy grail and therefore the publication of the result by the defendant is
an infringement of the copyright of my client in the UK a random house owned by German media conglomerate
vertelsman see that random houses owned by the freaking Germans. Ah, believer. Have dismissed the claim
as without merit and succeed last October and having a substantial part of the case made by
the historians dropped it. Commentators have pointed out that a major character in 41-year-old
Brown's books are lead teabing or teabing. TEA BING. Boy there's there's the tea room and the tea
time and the tea break and oh boy those brits what a silly bunch. Has an end that's an
anagram of Lee and by John. Ha. A third author of the 82 book Henry Lincoln is decided to stay out of it.
They might force him to go see that plate again. Late last August Brown went according against
another writer Lewis Perdue. I wonder if he was kind of who claimed that a venture cop a
code copy elements of two is novel's daughter of God under the Vinci legacy. Perdue had sought
150 million bucks in damages and asked the court to block distribution of the book and the movie
adaptation which features Tom Hanks alongside French actress Audrey Tattoo. Is that how you say her name?
Yes for me. Audrey Tattoo. The deputy. Yeah is he playing maybe she's a midget.
5.6705.60 all the bubble mices all the time and you wonder what's going on here man.
It's been going on for five six thousand freaking years already. The rest of us are caught in the
gana and the crosshairs of this thing. The freaking Jews in the Arabs man the Arabs and the Jews and
the Jews in the Arabs and Israel and the Palestinians in Iraq and Iran and Iran as fast as I can't
and the freaking Saudis in the UAE would all their oil and the you know. And don't forget about
the Kuwaitis man who were busy getting laid in the gambling in the France while we were in
the building the rants on getting their company back and going forward that will well. Oh no.
Remember those days? Sure do. Now how's the democracy coming in Kuwait? Any elections over there yet?
Oh yeah yeah. Freedom's on the marks baby. Just can't wait for those elected.
And the idea and I just stop and think about it. The after they got caught all their lies about
the weapons of mass destruction and the evil of an anointing and they're right and I'll tie that
into the right. After all that and they crumped up this idea about creating a role a role model for
democracy in the Middle East. Oh yeah. Wouldn't it be something if all the Middle Eastern countries could
be just as civilized and peaceful and as rational as what's going on in Iraq right now? They will be so.
Yeah. Syria and Lebanon all those bastions of freedom in democracy. Jordan, Egypt.
But of course first and foremost of course not to mention Pakistan with its dictator
president who took over in a bloodless coup. Kuku Hujoo. I heard his bloody myself. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
And of course Osama's over there hanging it out and he says yeah you ain't going to get me.
I guarantee he's probably been put up in some hotel in the French Riviera.
He just like just like Greg Readon's grand remember that whole deal with OJ they flew him in and
they put him up and hold him in at golf tournament just a stick it to us.
I guarantee they probably got in. That's why you see these nice pretty soon you're going to see the
nice pastel backgrounds that you see on the Oprah show. That's what Al Zawahiri and Osama Yamama
are going to be taping their messages to him pretty soon. Oprah. Yeah and in fact he might be
there with him for all we know. She might want to show on some of those shows. Can't you just see that?
With the livers? Yeah she might give because he's so allegedly got that kidney promise. You might
give Osama a new kidney. How do you like that? Christ. How about that hotline reading?
How about it? QA and bat line. Hello. Hey Neil. What a great word. Yes sir.
Who is it? Woody Graver. Yeah. What do you call it on this line for? You think you're
some big shot or something? I thought it was something important. Well sometimes I'm important.
Yeah. Anyway, Adrie Tatsu is a great actress. She's wonderful. She was in that French movie
homily. Oh yeah I'll take your word for it. French make me vomit. Well you know they have some good
points. I haven't seen them yet. Yeah well. It's very good to have some good news.
They express it as French Canadians, the separatists, the Quebecers, the Quebecois.
Yeah I was up in Montreal a while ago. I'm sorry. Why did I? Why did I? Why did I?
Why that French going around? You think you got a language problem in South Florida baby you
haven't seen nothing yet. Oh yeah. You don't speak. You don't speak French.
They're man. But I'm being. That's it. That's it. That's it. Definitely. Red your picture.
Red your story. Red your picture. Yeah. Red pretty good. Yeah. You see that finger that was for you Woody.
Yeah. That that was a wonderful thing to wake up through this morning. Was it really?
Yes. It was really something. I had an Todd direct came in and told me that it was in there and
Hank told me it was in. Of course I had already read it last night when he first put it online
because you know since they came to my house and took all those pictures it's probably a pretty
good idea that I knew it was coming today but yeah. They're still mean well you know.
Yeah well you know you're a star what can we say you know you're God. I'll take you one thing man.
You're sure you sure made the move. How long ago did you get out of Buffalo what year?
1970 something. Well I'm going to say this. I can't say too many other places where it's
benefit to go to South Florida from but that's where it's one of them. I want you know I watch
all the network of Philly at the newscast every night the weather. Oh God. And on most days like
we've had maybe a total of five inches snow all winter here a total right now there's basically none.
Wow. Every single day I'm watching on channel whatever it is in Buffalo every single day.
Maybe now six inches here and four to seven inches there and a foot in the southern tier and
HS goes on it's just pathetic. Oh God. Well I I struggled enough to snow in my lifetime
for more than one lifetime so I figured that was time to get out. Yeah I noticed Maria
Genero disappeared. Where the hell is she going? She was on there for a while in Buffalo.
Really? I didn't know that. Yeah she was there for quite a while. Oh wow. She wise stuff. She got
the hell out. But again Buffalo's lost. Well thanks really a good news Woody. Take care.
No, I'm YouTube. I think he either had a call or he just maybe his ponytail fell off.
We haven't had any good luck with guys with ponytail. Although there's Mitch Lewis.
Who could not have a ponytail anymore? Well that's why we like him so much.
You know what I mean? For your size.
Neil Rogers.
Two serve lifts is 5.62.8.
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
Celebrity justice.
Dick, what happened?
The group of us had honored all day on Saturday.
Uh huh.
Saw Harry standing there.
He was dressed in orange.
Right turn and shot at Harry.
He was struck on the right side of his face and he was unsure stunned.
How do you think?
It's the first time I ever heard Harry.
What?
There's no, uh, it's not Harry's fault.
I guess not.
The other hunter and I then, um, we were hunting in Coil and walked about a hundred yards
in another direction.
He just got a bird.
You guys continued to hunt?
Exactly. That's what we did.
What was Harry doing?
Uh, waiting, uh, basically.
What were you thinking?
I have no idea.
Celebrity justice.
Oh no, and it's fast didn't print.
Oh, Christ.
David, it's very important today, huh?
Which one?
Oh, here it is.
Just a dude.
Man, that would have been bad.
What's about the United Arab Emirates for all those you planning your summer vacations?
Oh, okay.
Were you thinking of checking it out?
I heard the hotel there were bigger and slinkier.
The Borscht administration has stated repeatedly that the United Arab
Emirates is a reliable partner in the war on radical Islamic terrorists, but,
if the UAE is such a stable, dependable friend of the US, then why is the United States
State Department warning Americans on the dangers of traveling to the United Arab Emirates?
Good question.
The State Department says in its current travel advisory,
Americans in the United Arab Emirates should exercise a high level of security awareness,
Americans should maintain a low profile and vary routes and times for all required travel.
That's right.
Our State Department is issuing a travel advisory for the UAE,
the owner of DP World that would take over operation of terminals at six major US ports.
This is from CNN and the US State Department.
The United States, the course is not only the only government concerned about its citizens
well for in the UAE, Britain advises its citizens to avoid large gatherings and be
where the threat of terrorism.
The Australian government says we continue to receive reports that terrorists are planning
attacks against Western interests in the United Arab Emirates, Canada is firmly advising
its citizens on the threat of terrorists attacks in the UAE as well.
Now, I'm just going to read what this is from what the State Department says, okay?
Safety and security.
I don't want to read all of this.
It'll take good till midnight.
Americans in the UAE should exercise a high level of security awareness.
The Department of State remains concerned about the possibility of terrorist attacks against
US citizens that interest throughout the world.
Americans should maintain a low profile, very routes and times for all required travel,
and cheat mail and packages from unfamiliar sources with caution.
In addition, US citizens are interested to avoid contact with any suspicious unfamiliar objects
and report the presence of the obvious local authorities.
Vehicles should not be left unattended like Betzkar, if it all possible, and should be kept locked
at all times.
US government personnel overseas have been advised to take the same precautions.
In addition, US government facilities may temporarily close their suspend public services
from time to time as necessary to review their security, post-war and insurgency.
Taking photos of potentially sensitive military or civilian sites and or engaging in mapping
activities, especially mapping which includes the use of GPS equipment without coordination with
UAE authorities may result in arrest, detention and or prosecution by local authorities.
Don't leave out decapitation.
Country-wide traffic laws impose stringent penalties for certain violations,
especially driving under the influence of alcohol or maybe duck hunting.
In the UAE, there is zero tolerance for driving after consumption of booze,
penalties may include hefty jail sentences and fines for Muslims, even those holding US
citizenship and lashings.
Oh yeah.
I wondered if this meant me like eyelashes?
Ton lashes.
Persons involved in accident which another party is injured automatically go to jail until the
injured person's release from the hospital.
Should a person die in the traffic accident and drive with the other vehicle is liable for
payment of compensation for the death known as theia, usually the equivalent of 55,000 US bucks.
Even relatively minor actions may result in lengthy proceedings during which both drivers
may be prohibited from leaving the country.
Yeah.
Codes of behavior and dress in the UAE reflect the country's Islamic traditions that are more
conservative than those of the US. Visitors to the UAE should be respectful of this conservative
heritage, especially in the emerald of Sharja where rules of decency and public conduct
are strictly enforced.
Female travelers should keep in mind the cultural differences among the many people
the Codes is in the UAE and should be cognizant that unwitting actions may invite unwanted attention
to them.
Isolated incidents of verbal and physical harassment of western women have occurred victims of
harassment are encouraged to report such incidents to the US embassy in Abu Dhabi or the
consul general in Dubai.
Abu W.
Legislative in act in January 96 imposes the death sentence for convicted drug traffickers.
Some drugs to normally take them under a doctor supervision in the US even some over the
counter US drugs and medications are classified as narcotics in the way and are illegal to possess
drinking or possession of alcohol without a ministry of interior liquor permit is illegal
who I could result in arrest and or fines and imprisonment.
Religious proselytizing is not permitted in the way persons violating this law even unknowingly
may be imprisoned.
Well it's just freedom land over there ain't it?
Oh man.
Woo!
Heavy daily daily.
The UAE are good partners in the crime, at least the Bush's partners in crime.
Rhymes would slime all the time.
Oh school lockdown after mountain lion scene nearby somewhere and looks like California to
me see a bunch of palm trees and looks much too uh California to be like Florida don't it?
Police cars are on the side.
I don't know.
And that's KTB that's a pretty good hint to it's L.A.
All that imprint you an update on that.
Oh boy.
Altonina California.
We got Suresh out there.
We got that airport that was all locked down for a while because that was running around like
crazy at wild diarrhea.
He had a going problem man it's all here just a going problem.
What is the honest name in sports today?
We got 831 votes.
We could have made our thousand today but why push heavy duty you know?
Indeed.
We got bigger fish to fry.
Keep saying that.
Oh man there's a martygrin.
Anybody want to go to New Orleans?
What do you say?
Holland.
Big trickle 225.
I hate this pull 139.
I hate sports 90.
A lot of haters in South Florida.
Good reason to be out of there.
Coco crisp 80.
Think of Blue Street 15.
You know the most exciting thing I did when I was in Florida?
I gave it days.
A bunch of Walgreens.
Oh well.
Pick up my drug.
That's a thrill.
Think of Blue Street 58.
Dick Pound 47.
Dick Poll 23.
Plexico Burris 22.
Dick Buckkiss 21.
Kevin Pitsnoggle 14.
Shack has got 13.
I thought that was Danny's number.
Mike Cheshire 11.
Bimbo Coles 9.
Yang Yang 9.
Well who is Yang Yang?
Is Josh?
No who that is?
No.
Sorry.
I know.
Yang Yang.
How about Ling Ling?
The brick is shot Ferguson 8.
Maybe he was on that overnight sports show.
We used to wear that.
Somebody in the brick.
What was that show?
TJ.
TJ in the brick.
Maybe that's he was the TJ in the brick is shot.
I mean if it's good enough for the juicer on 790.
Oh boy you talk about.
And that Jim DeFesey's man on his channel 4.
I have never seen anything.
So he made Dave Gain look like Brad Pitt.
I have never seen anything so unsuitable to be on TV.
Good.
Gully.
People are desperate.
Apollo Oh no 8.
Anowali Agunah in the little Guna Gully.
So how you say?
Josh help us out here.
Anowali Agunliya.
Whoa excuse me.
Whoa what language that be 7.
Agunliya.
That sounds like something from the line 6th night.
We're going to Agunliya.
Agunliya.
Maybe that's what I say.
Mickey Claude 6.
Mero Shitan 6.
Satan.
Ron Tugnut 5.
Lake Speed 4.
Lydinian Thomas in.
Throw 3.
Kabuki Jones 3.
Cheryl Pounder 3.
X-ray hip 2.
Johannes.
Hair Bear 2.
They don't know who that is.
David Seaman 2.
Lance Pitlick 2.
Ratic Bont 2.
Nice going to Eric.
Trying to got it straight in that three hours later.
V8 points 2.
Tobias Anger 2.
Yasser Ereffit Sati is got the one.
That's his last name.
Yasser Amafort Sati.
Ontario Smith 1.
Steve Bowling 1.
Jay Bauer 1.
Jeff Boll 1.
Baldwin Boller.
None for Stefan.
Yel Karl Decker.
That's because they're hockey players.
Nobody ever heard him down there.
Rocco Medietnone.
Takedo Spikes None.
Joey Gods.
The Gods Speed None.
Pat Papi Sau.
Jeff Payers at Papi Sau.
Jeff Payne Sean Crocson Joey Teague.
Out of 845 votes all got the big.
Nothing.
Wow.
By the way,
Yang Yang is a speed skater.
Wow.
She was a ice skater.
Yes, that's right.
Well, what are your Olympics just having in it?
We should be right on top of that.
She's probably the Torino as we said.
They're ready to get in.
They're ready to get in.
All too butter.
There were no sports.
There was hockey such as the Braids.
And that was it.
I'm going to say it for the umpteenth time,
whether it's basketball, hockey, or anything else.
Professional players from professional sports league have got absolutely no business playing in the Olympics.
All this xenophobic and boy, you talk about people's psychotic.
Oh, man, when Canada lost at the quarter final game,
oh my god.
No metal, no gold, no bronze, no silver, no sliver, no uh, nothing.
And you would have thought that we'd just been invaded by Bulgaria or something.
I mean, just unbelievable.
Although the one good thing is that
everybody pushed off a grisky again, so that's good.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Sounds chronic to me.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Q-A-N.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a name for the poll.
Yes.
How about the Seattle Mariners picture, JJ Puts?
JJ Puts?
Yeah.
How could he be?
I would thought he'd been a golfer when you.
Well, I didn't see it there when I looked a little while ago.
It didn't hear Neil just say it on the air.
Oh, okay, thanks.
Got it, JJ Puts.
We got it.
All right.
Puts?
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Not there.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
What about the Seattle Mariners picture?
Q-A-N.
Puts.
Puts line, yes, sir.
Oh, you.
Good.
Yeah, we don't have any national guys, all right?
I don't know how to see it there with a-
Hmm.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Probably not sure after one.
I see I think I made the right decision today.
I just had that feeling.
Yeah, I could have done it with your gut.
I went with my gut and my gut is just fine.
I got like 45,000 words.
One of the bad times stories.
And I think you're going to be here a lot more from now on.
Oh, it's my knees.
Oh, please don't do that.
Yeah, my New Year's resolution is quite wasting time
with the same half a dozen idiots.
After 30 years of this.
Stop third, man.
Well, it has changes in that regard.
It's gotten much worse.
Much, much worse.
That's why it's hard couldn't get any worse.
It gets much, much worse.
I think some-
I think they're changing out of go.
Visit some of those folks, you know,
who just don't get the massage.
Oh, well, give me a little bit.
Well, the last one, if you want to see a great movie,
get Crash, okay?
Right.
In fact, when is that on DVD official?
I don't know, but I think it might be out already.
I think March 1.
And if you watch it again, because I've already seen it twice,
you wind up missing a whole lot of little things
the first time through.
I'm definitely going to watch it again, yeah.
And well, when it was one of the best things I've seen in a long-
Sure, not long time, tight, like all the way through.
Oh, and let me also say this to you.
And because how can I forget to say this,
what movie does it remind you very, very much of it?
I really am.
Yeah, the first-
the first review I've read online compared to Magnolia,
because it's a bunch of personal stories
about people and families who seem to be disconnected.
But if you watch the whole thing,
you'll see that they're all, all their lives are interwoven together.
Really, really amazing.
Very much like Magnolia, but no frogs,
and they ended all the story.
And then, of course, the ending,
they're like, you know, on the same with Magnolia,
there could have been more,
we could have found out more about certainly
about some of the characters.
I don't want to give anything away.
No, I'm sure you could have seen a lot more of what's his name.
Yeah.
I can't remember his name only the way he talked.
Oh, I see.
What the hell is his name?
Ryan Philippe.
How come I just forgot it, too?
I think it was just not a sympathy.
I remember by thinking about the way he talked.
He doesn't talk that way.
No, not in this movie.
No, not in real life, obviously.
He's been in a lot of good movies.
He didn't talk that way in 2004,
studio 24, whatever.
That's right.
He's 24, 54.
Talked a little more like that.
You didn't see that movie,
but he thought a little of it.
You did?
Damn little.
Well, that's because you saw him running around naked there,
and at the bar.
114, and Mike Myers playing at the,
and that whoever the owner's name was, is 54.
I am.
You know something.
He was so good.
And then we'll be Mike Myers name.
We realize it was similar.
Almost the end of the movie.
You're right.
Me too.
He's great.
Good Canadian boy.
Mike Myers, when you're shopping for shoes by now,
please tell me that you know where to go.
Brandy shoes and pomelo beach.
I've been talking about these fine folks for years now.
You can't beat the combination waiting for you
as a brandy's because they've got the best selection
of name brand shoes that you could possibly find anywhere.
They've got the lowest prices in town all the time,
including the specials every week for you.
And they've got professional sales holes there
who know how to really take care of you and your feet
and give you a perfect fit every time.
They've got rock pour, floor shine, echo, new balance,
SAS, Mahfisto, all the others too.
Just ask for Arnie when you go in.
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit
at the right price every time.
In fact, Brandy's even specialized in wide widths as well.
So Brandy's worth your trip from anywhere in South Florida
for comfort style, fit value in one selection.
Always think please.
Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway and pomelo beach.
Open daily nine till nine in Sundays, 10 to five.
And this week is a great time to buy new balance at Brandy's.
All great men's and women's styles are 10 to 20 bucks off.
So be sure to get your ass in the store
or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy's shoes.com.
And be sure and tell them when you go in
at Brian Schmutz, Senchuby.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
I bet you're wondering how I knew.
Everyone knew calls since 2002.
I know you had privacy before, but thanks to me,
you don't have it no more.
It's no big deal.
Don't have a cow.
Just be because I can hear you now.
Don't you know that I heard it through your phone line?
A turnip can roll says it's just fine.
Baby, I heard it through your phone line.
The land's 30th, somewhere read your mind.
You know it's coming.
Yeah, I heard it through your phone line.
And we're hoping that you don't mind, baby.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Take your heart out, Smoky Robinson.
All right.
It was Teddy Kena Grafner.
Bear with it.
I don't know.
I want him to ask for the CLC.
Oh, man.
Can you say Mo'ron?
1.19 at 5.60 WQAM.
I said they're great website.
Yeah.
And I'm getting Mo'ron more stuff from there.
In fact, I just sent Josh 400 stories from there during the break.
Capital Hill Blue.
No.
Raw Story.
Oh, I love Raw Story.
Have for a long time.
Do you love it raw?
Yeah.
That's what I heard.
Oh, here's one for the poll by the way from DP.
Crapfonzo Thorpe.
Why receiver, Kansas City choose.
Now how do you say that?
Crapfonzo?
Maybe that's how you said it.
Now what do they call them for short?
Crap.
Crapie?
Or just plain?
Crap.
Oh, no.
I guess it makes a bad place.
What it is.
Democratic Congressman calls for a subpoena of halibut and profits.
And letter to Chairman Davis, advanced to Raw Story, Henry Waxman outlines over $250 million
in halibut and charges refuted by Defense Department auditors.
Representative Waxman is asking the Committee on Government Reform to subpoena documents related
to the charges.
The letter follows.
We'll have the whole letter on our website tomorrow because I just sent it to what's
his name.
The honorable time by him is the letter.
We're just a part of it.
Today the New York Times revealed that the Army Corps of Engineers has awarded halibut
and over $250 million in cost reimbursements, profits and bonuses for buildings that Defense
Department auditors determined to be unreasonable and supported.
The Defense Department provided no adequate explanation for this irresponsible action.
It's been withholding relevant documents about its compensation determinations from the
Committee for almost a year.
And it goes on to talk about the excessive and unsubstantiated cost.
But it's in great detail.
Halibut and again, raping the public for your vice president and everybody else's fun
and profit.
Except yours.
How do you like that?
Adopt Bob Greasy for the pool.
That's interesting.
I'm Greasy.
You think Bob Greasy?
So, it's happy, happy, been listening since W.I. and C. and I, Tom and Tom and Tom, thanks
a lot, Tom.
And thanks to the grease, my sister, too.
The Greedy, original grease man.
Georgia Congressman failed to declare ABRAWF client, tripped in support of clients, ever.
Boy, what do I tell you about that?
That Deka Car is a man about to die game of dominoes and now they all come tumbling down.
Did I tell you that several months ago?
Yeah, you did.
And you kind of poo-pooed me at the time.
Caca still am.
Poo-pooed about what?
I don't see anything significant happening yet.
Are you talking about the government or a QIM?
All of the above.
878 votes if we really push, we'd get 900 and some of the day during the show.
It'd be a real feather in the Josh's cap because he's got several different jobs.
He's going to be doing pretty soon.
Now why did you give up the Marlin thing?
Because I really won't have the time.
How do you know that?
If your other deal is still in flux.
Well, I'm going to be doing it.
It's just a matter of how much I'm going to be doing what?
The other deal.
Yeah, I'm going to be working on power.
I just don't know what my pace situation is going to be.
They're still haggling.
Why is that?
Wagging.
I mean, I can only imagine the kind of numbers we're talking about, the kind of bucks that they're going to pay you.
Long story short.
But you're not related to anybody there in the building.
Well, your mother works there, aren't you?
Yes, she does, actually.
Well, like I said, so you were right off the back.
You connected.
That's another 10 grand right there.
Well, obviously not related to the right person in the building.
Is that it?
That's it.
Nice to see.
And here I thought you would tell me about all these big changes that were coming.
But it would be very interesting.
Everything was cool.
Everything was cool over here.
Everything was even approved.
But yes.
And offer came back from the Naples people, I guess.
From the dark side.
And it was something that basically I would turn down.
So we're working on that still.
That's all I got.
And offer came back from the Naples side.
What's all this at?
You can be crazy in the car like I'm in the studio.
What are you talking about?
That would be cool.
I am over there.
Even before you came into the building, you know how that works.
Like the studios were going to be such and such.
And then it came back from the other side.
I tell me that they lie a lot.
Is that what you're saying?
I didn't say that.
No, I said it.
You said it.
They lie to their teeth, man.
They lie and they stonewall.
And they stall and they play games.
And they bet it would be.
They don't want to cut loose with a cash, baby.
They don't want to cut loose with a cash.
That's what it's all about.
And we can have Joe Bell and Joe West and Joe South
and Peter North and all these other.
We can have 15 of the greatest general managers
in this room and kind.
You're dealing with amazely beeslees, baby.
Oh, you know, I read that.
You know, Brian's got to do it because I did a really bad job.
The island is in a poverty.
The whole country has needs to be in a position.
The sea is in.
Yes, it's been brought to our attention from outside sources.
Since we never listened to radio anyway.
That the only lucrative show we have on the air,
the new Roger's show, I believe it is,
has been played in parts again.
Now, this flies in the face of God
and the FCC will not really the FCC.
But we know so little of broadcasting.
We don't want to take any chances.
Some sequent with his validates are a fear of
syndicating the old show on our other stations.
Not that it ever would have occurred to us in the first place.
We're much too busy convincing ourselves
that we know what we're doing.
After all, we are based in prestigious Ford Myers.
A town that Oscar named after his Weedy.
Suffice it to say if we want to feel important,
rent off the space above a seashell store in Fort Myers
and get more cousin policy than that.
Not to mention, as a Florida based business,
we benefit by not having to pay our bills or employees.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
That's the best I could do.
Did that suffice?
Yeah, we're still waiting for the remake though.
It's in production.
Oh, I see.
Well, I mean, for the time being,
that was the release of his kosher anyway.
We left the espatoon out of that one.
A Georgia congressman admitted a trip paid by a client
of fallen lobbyist Jack Abramoff
from travel disclosure forms,
even though he declared it on his personal income
filing's raw story has found.
The congressman represented John Linder,
Republican of Georgia.
What a bunch of crackers in Georgia, baby.
Took a five day trip to Puerto Rico
with his wife in August 98.
I bet you that Americans don't care for his kind, you know.
In fact, he probably don't care for their kind either.
The trip was paid for by the future of Puerto Rico Inc.
a nebulous lobbying group that sought to advance Puerto
Rican statehood and other island causes.
In other words, Arizona's Puerto Ricans.
The group was a client of Jack Abramoff,
the former rep but a rep but a bupura.
Linder, the longest shipping Republican
in the Georgia house delegation was first elected in 92.
He sits on several powerful committees,
including Ways and Means and Homeland Security,
and was chairman of the National Republican
Curricidal Committee 96 and 98.
Shortly after trips taken by former
and Jordy leader Tom DeLay began to attract attention
to media last March, the A&P reported
that 43 house members scrambled to publicly
before their own trips paid for by special interest.
Linder relatedly filed for nine trips,
but they put a recon trip remained markedly absent.
Even Ricky Martin's looking to this.
Linder should have filed a travel form shortly after his trip
and could have corrected it when he
belatedly filed for other trips last year,
failing to properly report sponsored travel
as a violation of house rules.
Linder's office amazing enough did not retire
and repeated calls for comment.
How do you like that?
Adote.
Like I said, just scratching the tip of the answer.
There's Lou Dobbs promo on CNN.
He's foaming at them out, foaming.
Man, looks like he's got,
by the way, do you ever get a spider bite?
Yeah, frequently, sure.
Yeah, me too.
But I had that apartment on Amsterdam.
That based on the itch.
Oh, not really.
They hoid.
This is the biggest spider bite.
I was there all the kitchen a few days
so I had gone and taken the garbage
and put it down the shoot in the garbage room.
And of course, I was wearing my walking shorts,
not a pretty sight.
And I came back and I was like washing a couple of this
into something and I felt like I'm my halfway
down my right, my left leg, like some pain,
you know, not, not, not,
not excruciating, but like a, whatever.
And I find it looked down and here's like,
this is the biggest spider bite ever had.
There's the two big holes like a puncture marks.
And then there's a line and I immediately ran
and put the polyspawn on it and it was just fine.
It was still air though.
Yeah, they usually get you while you're sleeping,
at least in my case.
Yeah, when I was in Amsterdam,
getting a lot over there.
27 pound, oh, there's Kira Phillips time to go.
This is the new Rogers.
Kira Phillips is 5'16", 8'16".
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Absolutely.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Hi, you.
People down there, before I start to struggle.
I listen off my wee wee with a pair of group of gloves.
No, we look like fools.
Make me feel so bad that you're not.
I'll be the genius of speed.
When I think of myself in my own,
I want to choke back and I just start it.
When I think of myself in my own,
I like to bow to the shadow of it.
And start it.
And I think of myself in my own,
I like to bow to the shadow of it.
I'm just thinking while Ricky Immart was a little boy,
back when he was a member of Manudo, remember that?
Right.
He could have hooked up with a guy from Ohio.
Maybe he saved some up.
In a cup?
Anyway, here's the fact that it says,
how could you forget Florida Statewide receiver Dakota Fag?
I never heard of Dakota Fag.
And then it says, PS Magnolia still sucks.
Well, anybody that pays attention to FSU
couldn't understand Magnolia.
A little bit too cerebral for this guy.
Dakota Fag, you know who that is, Josh?
I do. And how about your boy Gay on the Patriots?
Yeah.
Oh, you know, I made a mistake.
A couple days before we came,
we were talking about Coupunez.
Yeah.
And well, there's several athletes named Gay.
There's a gay on West Virginia Avenue.
A new guy in middle school named Gay Gay Williams.
Gay Gay.
His first two little gay was Gay.
It was a family gay.
He was Gay Gay Williams the third.
He was double gay.
Well, I got news for him.
Trust me.
I gotta beat.
He was.
Now what was I just going to tell you?
Oh, I said that in Coupunez that Jack Nicholson's character was JP McMurphy.
How much of his name was Randall McMurphy?
That's right.
Randall.
Because she called him Randall several times
when I was watching there.
And she said, sit down Randall in a misratchet.
And I must have been thinking of JP McMurphy.
Or maybe we were just thinking about JP one problem.
JP Morgan.
Right.
Like, let's see.
Athletes with bad names, Achilles Smith.
Achilles Smith, aka ILI.
Former Dolphin circa 89.
George Shorthoes.
Oh, man, it's bad news.
George Shorthoes with everybody said, you guys?
I guess.
I don't know.
George Shorthoes.
You know, Avery.
I'm going to move past this info along.
I'm kind of like, I don't know.
Because I got so many important things.
I can say them for tomorrow, I guess.
Because I got news for you.
This business of just rambling through the cause, just for the sake of like feeling obligated
to do it.
You know, when it, when it, when it generates into what it did, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it.
That's right.
Yeah.
I'll test the waters if they got something to say fine.
If not move on.
Move on.
I got, I got the whole world of save, man.
Anybody believe it?
No.
Especially not me, but it sounds good.
I bet you'd definitely believe it.
Duff is, you know, it's one thing to be a fan of some of it, but nothing.
I, and he's going to start stalking me pretty soon.
He did come to Amsterdam when I was there at that time, remember?
Right?
A little concerned about that child.
Anyway, these are facts that we got.
It says, remember the story about the South Florida soldier who was jailed for refusing
to go back to Iraq?
His name is Camilo Mejia.
And he and two other Iraq veterans will be hosting two fundraisers, one in Brown, one in
Miami this week.
The goal is to raise money for marching to New Orleans, veterans and survivors marched
to New Orleans, which takes place March 14 to 19.
Because of the billions of dollars being spent in Iraq, the Gulf Coast is gone neglected
and the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
That's your damn sure.
So as I know, where you and Neil stand on the ward, George, so it'd be great if he can help
us get the word out about these fundraisers.
I don't know if anybody's going to go or they're going to, at least I'll pass it along,
okay?
Camilo's in New York today, but be available for honor interview.
I don't know if anybody's going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there
hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going
to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there
and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey,
I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going
and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey,
I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there
and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey,
I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say , I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and said, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, I'm going to go out there and say, hey, the two guys are just kidding, dashing, as I was saying, hey, I'm going to goo out there, and I hope you can, I hope you can, with this with this, that was the nice and a snow boat, I am going to do aablake on you, here you go
I have it to make an impact.
I had mistakes.
Oh, nice.
You don't have to talk to a couple of football players and not go and pro.
Do you see that?
That's great.
Yeah, don't actually.
They're present in the university.
What does she do in her spare time?
She's busy talking football players in a state in school in Noco Pro and make all the big bucks.
Nice going, Donna.
You silly person.
You're fair with that.
Maybe she cares about their education.
Right.
Well, when's that going to start?
An examination of Palm Beach County's electronic voting machine records, not good machines,
mind from the 2004 election found possible tampering and tens of thousands of malfunctions and errors
a watchdog group said last week.
Bev Harris found her a blackbox voting dot org said the findings call into question the outcome of the presidential race.
But County officials and the maker of the electronic voting machines,
struggled with this few things to get you with the findings.
Voting problems would have had to have been widespread across the state to make a difference.
He won Florida and its 27 electoral votes by 381,000 votes in 2004 overall.
He defeated John Kerry on the ony.
Blackbox voting dot org which describes itself as a nonpartisan nonprofit citizens group said it found 70,000 instances in Palm Beach County
of cards getting stuck in the paperless ATM-like machines and that the computer's logged about 100,000 errors including memory failures.
I know several people who in South Florida and in the Broward voted for Kerry and then it came up bush on the thing they had to call the supervisor and straighten it out.
Just to the coincidence, also the hard drives crashed in some of the machines made by Oakland, California,
based the Kuei voting systems.
Some machines apparently had to be rebooted over and over again and 1475 recalibrations are performed on election day more than 4300 units.
Recalibrations are done when the machine is malfunctioning here.
I actually think there's enough votes in Planned Florida that's anybody's guess who really want a presidential race here.
But that's with that said there's no way to tell who the votes should have gone to.
As we well know, as we sorrowfully know Palm Beach County other parts of the country switched to electronic equipment after the turbulent 2000 presidential election when the county's butterfly ballot confused several voters,
mostly old Jews, none of them the cast their votes for third party candidate, Pat Buchanan instead of Al Gore.
The Supreme Court halted a recount after 36 days in the handed bushey, 537 vote victory, bogus, totally phony and immediate setback enrolled over and Al Gore set back enrolled over
and the black caucus said, Would you please do something about this? And he said no and sit down shut up.
I do like that.
Uh huh.
Typically can do and tip or two. That's what I'm saying.
He's a crap.
Don't forget it's not the Republican Party that's the problem.
It's the weak jellyfish. This stuff would support the old man.
The Democrats ought to be not just talking let's have some more hearings in the 45 days to reoccal.
They ought to be screaming bloody murder.
They ought to be shouting from the tops of rooftops that would be doing a Howard B.O.
Open up your windows and scream and yell man.
That's what they ought to be doing. Are they doing it? No.
Better be better like that.
20 till 2 at WQAM.
With lightning quick speeds, latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for only 995 a month for two months with an always on connection speed of six megabytes.
Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL15 and up to a hundred times faster than that Hokie-Pokie Slow dial up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, who just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast Reliable, fast connection means you'll be flying through the Internet.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet you'll get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Rhapsody Radio Plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few.
Not only that, but you get macap security tools included so you can rest assured that your Internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what you'll be waiting for is start doing a lot more faster than ever before.
Sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 995 a month for too much you wonder how hard you're managed without it.
And Broward call 954 Comcast or indeed 305 Comcast. Do it today.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 QAR.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Nothing's been architecturally complete, but we're looking at probably a two year timeframe before the station exit and moves over said
Becon direct your phyllis Schiffer Simon. I wonder she's relayed to arsu,less. I don't think so.
The transmitter for WKPX will also be moved and placed on a much taller tower. It's new home. See that
Mm-hmm. I toyed it as your quest to be a shut up fermented. That would increase the coverage area of the 30,000 watt station more thoroughly blanketing the county.
Excellent.
You do a fine job over there, Piper, and in spite of the fact I got that hostile call,
which I'm not going to waste my time playing it.
It's sad in a way because it's always been here, but it's kind of exciting in a way too,
instead, Piper station manager John Farley, for the radio station, it's like growing up
and graduating, it's got a chance to become bigger and better than it is now.
Put that damn stink in power 96 right off the air.
Oh, sorry, Jay.
The station already has the lawyer lot, instead appreciates the eclectic midst of alternative
punk metal and hip-hop played by students.
Farley said Arbitron Readies report, show that any given time KPX has got 10 to 30,000
listeners.
10,000, I should say 10,000 to 30,000.
That's a lot.
I don't believe that.
Where the hell do they get that number?
Get out of here.
10 to 30,000 listeners any quarter hour?
You believe that?
No, I don't.
Especially when you can't hear it.
Who wrote this article?
Michael, Michael Hiblin at the Aherald.
Hey, Michael, I got news for a baby.
You better recheck your Arbitron, sweetheart.
10 to 30,000 listeners, my ass.
They would put them right up there and, you know, if they had like 30,000.
Jesus, it's totally run by the students and just faculty guy didn't direct it for
all.
He said, once they experience it, they love it here.
They're going to be put a boot put up.
They get hang out with your friends.
You do this.
You have a lot of sex, whatever they do.
That is just so ridiculous.
I mean, there aren't that many folks.
There are people that live in their coverage area about a mile and a half.
What does that mean?
Not that we want to not KPX's.
They do a fine job and more power to them, but you get that more power to them.
Got it.
10 to 30,000 listeners, my ass.
It's just amazing the way these people have no idea.
They would know a radio if somebody stepped on that old one that I got my head on, that
hero picture, if they stepped that up there, but Michael Hiblin or whatever's name is.
He would know a radio and yet he's given the numbers there.
Yeah.
In an edition of which, how I don't ever saw a WKPX listed.
How do they know that?
That's a good point.
I've never seen the list of either.
Of course not.
They did it on a commercial radio station.
So how do we know that?
I guess you just picked the number.
And of course, you don't where you got the last part.
We keep going.
About 30, man.
That's still left for me.
Rift that off for me.
Anything with 30 in it, man.
Just riff us off.
We're used to it.
Churred off.
This is beautiful, man.
Doing a heck of a job, Mickey.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Churred off says the nation's
David.
And don't you know that way he talks.
He's like a male reacross.
He's a bitch is what he is.
He really is.
Can't wait for a scene.
He's a real man.
He's a spirited, unqualified bitch.
Uh huh.
Excellent point.
It needs to be beaten.
Yes, with a stick.
We need to send him to Abu Gharr for a long time.
Then we'll be safe.
Mickey Churred off says the nation's aviation system
rains the number one target for terrorists.
Any warrants that his agency may have to cut spending on security
to reports of Congress rejects a fee increase for some passengers.
See, we still have to keep these big, big tax cuts for the
rich in place for all of Bush's buddies, for all his base.
But in the meantime, we'll have to cut back on airport security
because we can't afford it unless we can pass it along with cost-eupor
sluppers out there every time you fly.
If the airline industry fights to fee all the time wins and the result is
we have to cut spending on airline screening, then lines are going to be
longer.
Crestiva is going to be more ticked off, shirt off, send an interview on
Friday.
And of course, the worst thing would be if something happened in a plain
blew up.
That would be a real shot at the heart of the airline industry.
So we've got a real interest in making sure we have adequate funding for
this.
What a line.
The worst thing that would happen if something happened in a plain blew up.
Oh, brother.
Is this guy got away with words or what?
I hit this.
That's a step away from Tommy Thompson and it's bloody about I can't believe they
haven't poisoned our food supply because it's what we see to do.
These are your leaders, man.
These are your leaders.
You know, this is the whole thing since he stole the 2000 election.
The whole thing is surreal.
In fact, going way beyond before that.
The Clinton impeachment, the Monica Lewinsky business, Kenny Stark, it's all
surreal.
It's like a bad movie.
You couldn't believe that it's possibly could have happened.
And this is what's going on in terms of government under the name of
government in your country.
What are your people thinking about?
This is lunacy madness.
A country that Americans are advised by the State Department don't travel
due because your life is a danger there because of the threat of terrorism.
They're going to be allowed to buy the company that's going to run the ports at
six to six major ports on the east coast.
Now what are we talking about?
A Arab government is going to put it just like just like how it would be all said,
if so, the whole thing can be out of the Arab government.
Not just a Arab government, but the kind that we should be scared of.
That's what I just got through sand.
And of course Iran are evildoers because they don't recognize Israel.
They want to eliminate Israel.
Well, guess what?
So does the UAE.
Whenever it's selective friendship with the Israelis, you know,
whether it's convenient, they truck them out.
Just like all the countries have with these far-bic and a right-winged
goy-a-man, the state's the same thing.
Oh, yeah, we have to be friends with Israel.
And not because we like the Israelis or we give it to them about the Jews,
we're in that stuff, but because we got to fulfill the prophecies, man,
we got to go that and have our beginning.
And we're all going to go to heaven and the Muslims can all, you know,
get their seven divergence or whatever.
The crazy religions, man.
All you kids out there, let me just tell you right now.
That's the one thing in life that you have to overcome.
You have to survive the religion.
If you can do that, maybe you have a decent life and you live more than like ten years old.
Surviving the religionists, they are the ones doing most of the killing.
As at least a mafia man who are, of course, endorsed and supported by
they wash each other's hand, you know.
The mobsters give a lot of money to the choyche.
But at least they only stick to their own.
They don't go out and start messing with innocent device standards.
They paint any asset rise standards.
Unless, of course, they try to shake you down and you refuse to pay.
As part of its budget request this month of the 2007 fiscal year,
Shared-Off's department proposed doubling the $2.5 security tax pay
each week by past years on non-stop flights.
Past years on multi-leg flights already paid five bucks each way.
Just amazing what's going on in the public since back and we get a steady diet
of whether the Olympics, that's what we get is crap.
Crap, pure unadulterated crap.
A bunch of pansies skating on the ice and flopping down on their asses, okay?
Right, which I'm sure for the first time for a lot of them to spend so much time on their ass.
Good, John.
And look at that.
Look at what they're talking right now.
Skating carried the Americans combining for 14 of 25 skating carried the Americans.
Aren't we proud of that?
This is Neil Runs.
Congratulations, man.
What a project.
He's five in clean.
A-S.
