Roll all blows, and soda the bill!
OOOOOO!
It's an illegal I.E. It's not real.
Remember to QA my phone.
I wanna...
Well, she kissed our older, sick and body, and it matches that C.V.A.C.
No!
Yeah, she's that C.V.A.C.
Even though she had me ratings all the gritty things,
the news is a mess now.
Yeah, they say it's a mess now.
I like to call you weird, but we have to make one thing perfectly clear.
Can you hear me?
It's okay, I guess you'll make it 50 million a year.
All the pluggers on the letter are going crazy,
and they're little computers.
Yeah, they're X-P's now acting like a bunch of broken sailors,
out on leave and hang it in a hoon or...
Well, it's all done now.
Well, so far she's like Charlie Getson,
and Brian Williams went back and thought we're here.
Katie is championing for us,
she's making 50 million a year.
Well, she's asking for America's help to come up with a set of finals.
Yeah, she needs the final bag,
the double ID of the winner,
come for me, are you vividly wrong?
Yeah, but any thought she's been beating us so bad
that the poor lady might be boxing at here.
Katie, come.
It's okay, I guess you'll make it 50 million a year.
Well, the media is buzzing,
everyone is with the things who will laugh at her.
Yeah, it's a stand-and-and.
The only one that's happy is that
Tracy runs a system, rather.
He's got a big ol' big grin.
All the meaning's leading,
said let me take a mere mortal break down and shut up here.
Katie, come.
Let's go, Karen,
cause you're making 50 million a year.
I just can't stand that slow.
Hey, man, 10 out of 2, 5, 60 WQA,
I'm...
She's small potatoes when you got elite to Laresco, right?
Right.
Looks like she's got big potatoes.
Yes, I don't get it.
I look at those pictures.
They're big potatoes.
I mean, she just doesn't photograph very well.
That's her.
But if she doesn't photograph very well,
how could she be so sexy on TV?
Well, anyway, WSVN Channel 7's Elita Laresco
has won the title America's Sexiest Newscaster
in an online vote by readers of FHM Magazine.
She's pictured the October issue
in rather revealing attire.
Are they all going to go out there
and racing out to buy FHM?
Well, what does that mean?
What does FHM mean?
FHM for him magazine.
Was that what it is?
Yes.
Oh.
And Lita's been more than ace Ventura
to protect South Florida magazine quips
and she's done it with a better figure than Al Roker.
Well, that's saying quite a bit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, if they don't stop running at promo,
where he's like high-step and you know,
and he's, oh, it just makes you want to vomit.
Loresco 29, born in the Philippines,
is a former orbit writer for all-
Oh, big, there it is.
There it is.
That's it.
Oh, Filipino.
Oh, brother.
Yeah, should have got it.
How come she's not here then?
Because all of the Philippines, it's not
in the Philippines, it's in Toronto.
Believe me.
Loresco 29, born in the Philippines,
is former orbit writer for the Orange County
Register FHM says, among her quotes,
people in Miami embrace curves.
Here I can wear a cute sweater and still be professional.
Right.
She also talks about getting hired at Channel 7.
When I audition, they wanted to know if I could deal
with anything thrown my way.
Then we had hurricanes every week for my first six weeks.
I repeated stuff I heard the night before
on the weather channel.
I've mentioned Northeast Quadrant
because it sounded smart.
I even went to the bookstore and got a copy
of the complete Indian sky to weather.
Isn't that great?
Oh, she's the weather.
Is she a new person or a weather lady?
Weather kid.
Weather day.
Oh, in other words, she's not a meteorologist then.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Well, no, she wouldn't have had to go to,
she wouldn't have had to be watching the weather channel
to get pointers on what she's not even,
she's just a pony while weather.
She's probably like Jackie's Johnson.
There's another one that everybody,
all the guys got all whipped up.
Oh my god, Jackie.
You're like, yeah, she was a donkey face.
I don't care what anybody says.
She was marginal and this broad's got a big round face.
And you're talking about like Eskimo and stuff like that.
You're a shooting host.
I was going to say a little bit.
I guess to end you it.
Now there are very beautiful Filipino people.
That's her, she ain't one of them.
She's not even close, but that's all right.
She's no, what's a Brian North Cross?
She's no Miss Kamal, although perhaps just a little bit
more feminine.
This story from Lantana, this is,
this takes the cake up.
This is good.
Only in Lantana, folks.
A father broke his leg trying to cure his daughter's
fear of heights.
Try Stewart.
What was his name again?
Troy.
Stewart, no relation to Dan Stewart.
Oh, we're fine.
And his 10-year-old daughter, Megan,
were on their daily bike ride Monday evening.
When Stewart suggested they jump off a 15-foot bridge
as a way of curing the girl's fear of heights.
Well, they could have come up here
and they could have jumped off the Seagum tower together.
And she'd never hear heights again.
Megan made the jump into the intercostal waterway safely,
but a 31-year-old father ended up with a broken leg.
Oh, right.
Real rocket scientist.
Nice going, Troy.
At first, he said, do you want to do it or not, Megan?
Said, I thought it's kind of high.
And then he's like, trust me.
Trust me, honey.
Stewart was able to get out of the water,
waited nearby after Megan wrote her bike
to half my home and alerted her mother,
called authorities.
In his mind, he was playing, said Mandy Potter,
a Potter 32 of her partner of 10 years.
But I don't contone his child's play.
He was playing.
Stewart was not charged with a crime
since Megan jumped willingly.
However, officials from the State Department
of Children and Families planned to interview him.
This is an example of what not to do
as a parent police captain Andy Rundle said.
And let this be a good lesson to everybody.
Somebody's tried it and it's not a good idea.
I'll tell you Robbie Benson tried it
at the Tallahance Bridge, didn't work out too well
for him either.
Remember that?
Yeah, how did it happen?
How did it happen?
You're very.
No, no, not for me.
I was very angry.
Well, he did stuff in that tent, you know.
And he did.
He got a little tense about it.
Got some very bad news on the death scene.
Maybe we're the only ones that care about this,
so except for the people that really know who she was.
And Richards is dead.
I loved Anne Richards.
Didn't you like her a lot?
She was great.
She's what the Democratic Party ought to be, man.
She had a big mouth and she let people have it
and she was great.
Anne Richards is a silver-hired Texas activist
who galvanized the 88 Democratic National Convention
with her Tarte keynote speech.
It was the state's 45th governor until upset in 1994
by an underestimated challenger named George W. Bush.
Died yesterday at her home in Austin, she was 73.
Ms. Richards died surrounded by her four kids
of complications from a soft-heeled cancer.
Do you think I all heard Boosen had to do with that?
Probably.
Boosen alive generally smoke a lot, don't they?
I don't think we're like hand in hand.
Yes, generally.
But that's not necessarily.
Well, we'll find out.
Ms. Richards was the most recent one
of the most effective and a long line
of low-and-star state progressives
who vied for control of Texas in the days
when it was largely a one-party Democratic enclave,
a champion of civil rights, gay rights, and feminism,
who defeat by the future president
was one of the chief markers
of the end of generations of Democratic dominance in Texas
and the beginning of the end for the human race.
So cemented was her celebrity on the national stage,
however, that she appeared in national advertising campaigns,
including one for snack chips,
and was the lawyer and lobbyist for public strategies
and Werner Lippford Bernhard McFerson in the hand.
Poor George, he can't help it,
Ms. Richards said at the Democratic Convention 88th,
speaking about the current president's father,
former president of George River Walker,
Bush, he was born with a silver foot in his mouth, you said.
Her acidic, why didn't she was Jewish?
Her acidic, plain-spoken keynote address
was one of the year's political highlights
in catapulted the one-term Texas governor
into a national figure, and she was on Larry King a lot, all right?
Uh-huh.
We're gonna tell how the cow ate the cabbage,
you said, bringing the great tradition
of vernacular 7 oratory to the national political stage
in a way that transformed the mother of foreign to a revered icon
of feminist activism.
There's a saying more here about why she had the, you know,
because that's what we wanna know.
Oh yeah, he began to drink heavily, going into rehab,
move that she later quit into was saving her life
under a political career after her divorce.
She got divorced.
Why do you know those marriages, man?
I'll kill you.
In 1992, she was chairwoman of the Convention
at first nominated Bill Clinton.
Two years later, she underestimated her young Republican
challenger from West Texas,
going so far as to refer to George W. Bush
as some jerk of comment that do considerable criticism,
but of course, now we know she was, that was a compliment.
Later, she acknowledged that the younger candidate
had been much more effective at staying on message
and made none of the mistakes that her campaign strategies
have expected.
She was beaten 53.
She acknowledged that the younger candidate
had been much more effective at staying on message
and made none of the mistakes that her campaign strategies
have expected.
She was beaten 53 to 46%.
She wrote, wrote several books.
Uh, on her 60th birthday, she got a first motorcycle license,
but she didn't jump off any bridges or whatever.
I mean, there you go.
Nothing more about her.
I've stopped you, but I think, you know,
a lot of booze and of course, a lot of smoking
that goes along with it.
So Ann Richards is dead and that's bad news.
She was 73, which ain't really that old.
Not when you're 64.
When you're 25, 73 sounds like, oh my God,
one of those old parts, like we see all over South Florida.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
But when you're 91 like my mother was,
I mean, 73 is like a child, right?
Everything in, you know, it all depends on your personal
perspective, depends on your switchable thinking.
Here's the poll from yesterday, 1580 votes.
Well, outside of the votes are pouring in on these polls.
Have you noticed?
Oh, yeah.
Look at how we got 747 right now.
It's a beauty.
It's a KLM 747.
Kevin Kruel?
Take a seat.
Oh, you just gotta love those ducks.
Yeah.
What person sums up what America is today?
Paracelton, man, they hate her like poison and deservedly.
So as a matter of fact, guess who's reading today's poll
by a mile?
I give up.
Paracelton.
Oh, how about that?
Look at that right now.
Wouldn't that be something that I don't think have we ever had
anybody win a poll two days in a row?
Only can we do that by putting, you know, like who do you hate the
most and you know, Bush shirt could win every day, but what
would be the point in that?
We know what he is.
Paracelton 513, George W 413, a very respectable, but
nevertheless somewhat distant second.
She made about 100 votes.
How do you like that?
Paracelton, she is the epitome of what America has become.
The celebration of mediocrity, the celebration of no talent,
celebration of garbage, crap.
Like Katie Kirk, for example, that bitch, no talent.
I'm not going to say she's got, I'm not going to mince my
work.
She has no talent.
OK.
She can't interview.
She looks like hell on wheels.
She's got a very weak delivery.
But other than that, she's a great talent.
15 freaking million a year to go on there and come in number
three.
They already were number three and they're probably paying
Bob Sheep for what?
About 75 bucks an hour a week.
I bet you, George Cortes is making more money than Bob Sheep
who was making.
Oh, yeah.
It does.
Now across a lot of those depends, though.
I hate this poll 136.
They didn't like that poll.
Well, they liked it.
Let's see.
Today, I hate this poll.
It's got only 2.7%.
Why do I care about what percentage is?
Say, when I think that I really care about what that
percentage is, a lot more than vote for that club.
That's right.
I really don't care what you vote for.
T.O.
Teraloans 103 is T.O.
Like Stanford, Toronto or like Teraloans 103?
Katie Kirk, 100.
Yeah.
And I think I voted for Paris Sulton, but I think Katie Kirk
is the right answer with her.
I turned it on for about three seconds last night just
to take a look at whether she's still
had the heavy duty mascara and the black eye.
And she does.
Donald Trump 72, who shouts who barks at the microphone.
He's barking on those PSAs he does at NBC.
Ma-bah-bah-bah-bah.
He's an idiot.
Nice hairdo, though.
Pat Robertson 68, Lib Druling Nutcase, a real Getschke.
Tom Cruise 49.
You're fairie.
P. Diddy.
Better known as also better known as.
You're fairie.
40.
Now, how come nobody ever talks about him being in it
with John Mervolta and our Kelly?
I don't know.
He was married to J.Lo.
That's right.
Well, that's all you need to know.
Jerry Falwell 35.
Rita Cosby 31.
Oh, I wonder if I still have any of that stuff on here,
do you think?
I don't think so.
Oh, you better.
I'm thinking about that.
Oh, my God.
Something happened to him mentally or maybe some antidepressant
drug that he was taking.
I still say it's not possible to believe that she could be on here.
It's just although they didn't have a woman on this morning on MSNBC on the same network
that gives you Rita Cosby, who sounded like she was gardening with razor blades and was
talking underwater.
Am I right?
Right.
It sounded like a malfunction at the junction, but that was the problem.
It was like it.
It needs help, shall I say.
He's a problem.
Well, she was just a talking head, just a guess, but at least she wasn't on a payroll.
And Shaq came and did last.
Only 20.
Well, I don't think most Americans have ahead that big.
So that's our poll from yesterday.
Line up today.
What day is it?
Thursday we got mad dog two to four.
Well, you know that afternoon line of thank God.
I'm so glad they finally listened to me.
The power hour with Hank and the mad dog between four and five together again, which is
maybe the most expensive hour in history.
Hank Goldberg solo two hours today.
Oh, it on Marlon's Lost again last night.
Dang it.
What was it?
11 innings?
Yeah.
Most it's seven to four.
Yeah.
I think it was four or four.
And I think the match must have scored three in the top of the 11 because that's the
thing.
They did.
Yeah.
I know.
Hurricane hotline at game works in the shops.
The sun said place at seven to nine and then the beast also in the same joint from nine
to 10 with more of that hurricane.
Hurricane dropping.
And then any K 10 tonight.
These names of best talents.
This is real Roger.
There's a 4th video 560.
You.
A.M.
No.
No.
Real Roger.
Patricia McGillicatti is a real guy co-customer.
Not a paid celebrity.
So to help tell her story, we hired an actual celebrity.
Mr.
Mel Gibson.
I was on my way to Sunday dinner with the family.
When I accidentally hit a cow.
I wonder if it was a whole steam cow.
Hey.
Whole steam sounds Jewish.
I called Geico expecting to get a recording, but someone was there to help me.
You know something.
Jewish cows cause most of the accidents in the world.
Geico got my claim in the works right away and I was actually able to enjoy dinner.
And the main course was ham.
Blouts of ham, baby.
You know, my father always told me not to trust anyone.
It doesn't need ham.
Geico.
Real service.
Real savings.
Real insane celebrities.
10.19 and 560 WQ.
I mean, see that's a sad part.
Is that everybody talks crap in public.
Behind the scenes, most people are bigoted as hell.
You know, they hate blacks and Jews and whatever.
Going.
But in public, it's like, oh, well, we have to be very politically correct.
And now everybody loves each other.
Well, if everybody loves each other, there will be a wonderful place.
Wouldn't it?
What a wonderful world it would be.
Says Art Garfunkel and Sam Cook.
Wasn't an Art Garfunkel who put you that song?
I mean, they brought that back.
I think he reprised it.
Huh?
I'll play that.
Who was it Paul Simon?
No, it was Art Garfunkel.
Trust me.
Whatever happened to Art Garfunkel.
You kind of vanished.
Paul Simon went on solo and made a big, big ass career, which maybe that means Paul
Simon's a hell of a lot more talented than Art Garfunkel.
Paul was the one that wrote all the tunes.
Right.
So he was able to keep going.
Art Garfunkel.
Are you crazy?
I'm not a lucky album.
Man, that really pisses me off.
You're all bitching about my bad taste in music.
That's just unconscionable.
What?
Well, what?
It's a great album.
Okay.
In fact, when I get that, which you're sending it to me, I don't want to go out and buy
it again.
I have it.
Maybe today or tomorrow, I don't know.
Well, good.
And I'm going to actually place some of that tomorrow that written on the subway wall and there's
like a little, I don't know why they do that.
And why, I guess these recordings, they drop it on each of his recording sessions, you
know, or maybe they happen to be like, they're both for Columbia, I guess.
Am I right?
I guess.
Once upon a time.
No, I don't think the Anzahn Columbia anymore.
Well, whatever the hell it is.
And so he does like a little, maybe like 10 words on it, written on the subway wall.
He does that twinkle, twinkle, little star.
What is that?
What a wonderful world.
I don't want to hear Louis Armstrong.
Oh, fat.
Come on.
Take the hanky and wipe that off.
And the song too.
This is going to get some people really whipped up into a frenzy.
Now, who do we believe?
Thinkprogress.org reports that Air America Radio will announce a major restructuring tomorrow
which is expected to include a bankruptcy filing.
Oh, my God.
Three independent sources of tooltink progress.
Although they say, oh, no, no, no.
Every time this comes up, they say, oh, no.
And of course, it hasn't happened yet.
What did I tell you about Air America?
They got two chances, none and much less than none, in spite of her brilliance.
Air America could remain on the ear end of the deal, but significant personnel changes
are already in the work.
Sources say five Air American boys were laid off yesterday, and were told there would
be no severance without capital infusion or bankruptcy.
The were told there would be no severance without capital infusion or bankruptcy.
Also Air America's ended its relationship with host Jerry Springer.
That worked out really well.
Again, a case, see, this is another one of these people.
It's like any Murphy, you know.
He was very funny, but he couldn't sing for crap, you know?
Right.
Well, no, that's true.
All these people who want to be everything to everybody, like Regis, although he seems
to get away with it.
I don't know why.
I don't either.
Do you want to double Satan?
Well, no, basically because everything he does is pretty much the same.
He's just kind of like a bland host on some stupid-eye show, whether it's America's Got
Talent or Regis in the Kelly, you know, whatever it is, you know?
I mean, I like Regis, other than these big noted all the way.
I love Notre Dame, man.
See, that's the kind of fact that I am, you know?
All my life, because I went to Michigan State.
I hated Michigan like poison.
That's the number one rivalry, man.
Michigan, Michigan State.
Then when I saw Tom Brady playing for Michigan, I became a big Michigan fan.
All my life, I've hated Notre Dame.
Just a whole touchdown Jesus and that whole, oh, man, the attitude of that athletic department
there, if you lose one game, they're going to like crucify you.
And then here came Brady Quinn and now all of a sudden I'm rooting for Notre Dame.
Does that make me a real screamer?
FAMING!
Okay, just checking.
So anyway, Jerry Springer is going by by an era America.
No loss.
I'm telling you, he made almost as much of an impact on Brady in this market as Bill O'Reilly
has with his point.
Oh, that's the station that Moe is going to be on.
$850.
FTL Jr.
It says the right wing is sure to seize that era America's financial woes is a sign
that, and see, here's part of the problem right here.
Progressive talk radio is unpopular.
Progressive.
Not liberal.
See, this is another example of how the Democrats are such a bunch of whims.
Let's look at it.
There's the right and the left, politically, right?
Okay.
There's conservative and liberal, not progressive.
Nobody says Obama progressive, but they made liberal such a dirty word that they won't
use that anymore to stop using that.
Yeah, so the Democrats again get suckered into, you know, the BS.
It says in fact, their America succeeded in creating something that didn't exist.
The progressive talk radio format.
What?
That format is now established and strong and will continue with it without America.
Indeed, many of the country's most successful and widely syndicated progressive talk
goes edge shulks and Stephanie Miller, for example, aren't even associated with their
America.
Edge shulks.
Didn't you tell me he's really weak?
Yes, he was.
Son of a...
Oh, no.
The Sheik of Air beer, just the Sheik of Rimaio D.
Not that she.
That word.
Oh, no.
The Sheik.
He was near without the drops.
That's what Steve Nichols had.
Find Neil, you need to better net.
Right.
He's now a little like Prozac Rahm when he comes right down to it.
Are they met?
Yeah.
Radio giant clear channel is so committed to progressive talk radio that this week it
will announce a partnership with the Center for American Progress and MSS Inc. to conduct
a nationwide search for the next progressive talk radio star.
Oh, boy.
Now, Air America responded to this thing from thinkprogress.org.
They said, if Air America had filed for bankruptcy every time someone rumored to be doing so, we
would have ceased to exist a long time ago.
It may be frustrating to some that this hasn't happened.
No decisions been taken to make any filing of any kind.
We're not sure the source of these rumors and frankly cannot respond to every rumor in
the marketplace.
That was their response.
Well, we'll find out tomorrow because this is, they're going to announce a major
restructuring.
And of course, if they did let a bunch of five employees off yesterday, that certainly
doesn't vote well for their future, does it?
Air America.
And what's so what would they put on 940 again?
How about another sports?
How about another go round with Fox 940?
Whatever that was.
That's a great idea.
Yeah, it only helped losing anything crosses three.
He can go back to 940 and Joe Rosking go over there and what's the name?
Zach Krants with that fat ass in his pants and all the other former IQ amers because that
place across the street.
I'm here a lot of things about them.
In fact, Josh was just telling me this morning, a lot more rumors.
Here's our poll for today, by the way.
Don't say this and don't say that and don't play fart sounds and don't do this.
Don't help us out with a show, by the way.
Joe, don't get on top of those things that we need for the show, but don't, you know,
800 four hosts on the pool.
It's just the same, but you're right.
I don't care.
But let's get to check there a couple of days.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I can see the replay.
We need to cross the tape.
I'll go all the time.
Oh, no, I want her.
Actually, she's a who is that?
She was pretty good.
Whoever that was.
I'll see you in.
Somebody here.
Here's the joy of this moment and then it turns to the other.
One of the things is that we're poured out there that made me wonder.
I got a question.
Do we know anything about that?
You know, that story is getting freaky.
We're not that we really should care about that because number one, we don't care about
annicle Smith unless you're an idiot.
And even with all the weight you lost, she's still a cow and the real slut.
Other than that, I mean, it's sad.
It's a horrible story.
The kid was 20 years old and quite frankly, I didn't all mean look all that bad once
upon a time before I got real schmutzy, right?
She, like I said yesterday, if somebody looks good, we care about them.
If they're ugly, who cares?
No loss, you know?
No, but it is a mystery.
Like I mean, like when, like when soupy sales dies, anybody gonna care about that except
for chicken neck?
Of course not.
But let's start with who would soupy sales for Hiddo?
If you knew soupy, like I knew, 807 votes, something or something, I don't want to hear
about.
No more.
Paris Hilton, she's got it.
Look, two days in a row, 225.
Nobody's going to touch her ass.
The war on terror, 100.
The war on terror.
See, they make up these stupid expressions and buzzwords and in the media like Operation
Iraqi Free Dam and the war on terror.
Tom Cruise 93.
Let's have a war on Tom.
Baby Surrey 86, right under Tom.
George W. Bush 82.
Well, you're going to hear a lot more unfortunately.
John Mark Carr 70, and you know, we don't hear anymore about him and thank God.
9.11 56.
I don't want to say they overdid the anniversary just a little bit, but actually it wasn't
as bad as I thought it was going to be.
I thought it was going to be like wall to wall.
It was just kind of like wall to the middle of the room.
Very bonds 28.
A lot of drugs, man.
Airy Home running hits is another infomnia, another insult to the human race.
I hate this full 22, 2.7%.
That's more like it, but they'll go set up to piss us off.
Israel 19, only 19.
We've got a lot of far-bistened out there.
All designed this all the time.
Mohawar, actually, they don't want to hear anymore about Israel because I don't read
the right stories.
Mohawar, David, at only 17, they want to hear a lot more about Mohawar.
They won't disappoint.
Believe me.
Brad Pitt 5, he got my vote.
I'm just tired of him.
I'm tired of everything about him.
He's a mediocre actor.
He used to look at a long time, 20 years ago.
Now, he's got 80 tons of pancake makeup on to cover up his zits.
He makes James Woods look good.
That's how bad his complexion is.
That's a shot.
No, I'm just telling you, what's the big stimulus with him?
All we hear about is Brad.
In fact, you don't wear Brad is right now?
I give up.
Guess where he is.
What city?
Toronto Film Festival, that's right.
I could probably go out in the street right now.
Hey, Brad!
Oh, God are you gross.
And he's probably the same to me.
Airy Rack only 4.
They want to hear a lot more about Iraq and the great job that the U.S. is doing there.
Oh, don't buy that.
I got a spot to do.
That was bad, wasn't that bad?
Yeah.
I caught it pretty quick.
Oh, the first one.
What?
Well, there was a bit like that.
I think we did it at the top of the art.
That no idea.
Right.
Efferman is not the thing that the weather ladies on that Filipino chick with a big round head.
29 past 10 a.k.a.
If it's time for the mattress to be replaced, do what I've been doing for about a hundred years.
Do something smart for once in your life.
Instead of wasting time and money and cash, slumping all over town.
Here's the deal.
Just sit there on your big fat ugly ass and make one easy call to the down mattress.
That's all it takes.
You'll get yourself factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during their so-called big sales.
Plus, down mattress has got 12 month financing to call one 800 mattress.
You get the lowest prices on the best brands in the world, including, of course,
seely, serda, king coral, Simmons, temperate, externs, and foster hua.
The out of mattress continues to be ranked number one of the world's customer satisfaction because
their prices are unbeatable.
The selection is the best in the world and they offer you a 99.7% on time delivery rate with a deal.
That's on her to you pick the date and time to our windows convenient for you.
And that's when they show up any day seven days a week from 80 and to 10 p.m.
Even the same day that you call.
So if you call them right now, you can be sleeping like a baby in real comfort as soon as tonight.
Call them right now.
You'll be glad you did a dollar mattress toll free.
It's one 800 mattress, one 800 MATTR ES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for stew pendant saving.
The biggest name of the best.
I'll have you know that's my very last
one.
And that's what Mo once told me too many doys in the world.
Or is that boys one of the other 1035ers and Richard's on there.
Look at that.
She was great.
What was the gift?
Well, I think part of the guidance was her father.
She talked about being a young girl.
Oh, that's okay.
I thought we were going to hear her, but of course there.
I like that.
When you're right there, what are your speeches then hear these idiots?
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, the Anna and Cole story, even though we're not really supposed to care about that very much,
but that's turning out to be a little bit bizarre.
I don't know.
That's why we care.
Because it's your mystery.
And of course, my friendically tried to be vibrancy with her son and had to be sedated after
he died or attorney said yesterday, authorities termed the deaths as fissious and said criminal
charges could be filed.
Daniel Smith died Sunday while visiting his mother in a hospital, reality TV star and
former playboy playmate slut in her hospital room three days after she gave birth to a baby
girl.
The devastation and grief over Daniel's sudden death coupled with the sedation has been
so extreme that Anna and the Cole experienced memory loss of the event attorney Michael
Johnson.
By the way, I'm really worried about our pull guy Sean.
You know, it's even we've prodded him a couple of times and we never got no pull.
I've maybe got a little bit of a reason maybe he died.
Maybe he left town.
Maybe he got smart and got out of town or maybe he got blown away in a hurricane.
The chief inspector of the Bahamas coroner's office on Wednesday called the death of the
20 year old Smith suspicious and a formal inquiry that could lead to criminal charges
was scheduled for next month.
Police also revealed that a third person was in the hospital room at the time of the death,
but Scott said that the third person was another one of Anna Nicole's attorneys Howard
Case Stearn.
Oh Howard Stearn was in the room.
No wonder he thought there's suspicious stuff going on.
He said Anna Nicole Smith and Stern continued efforts to revive Smith even after he'd been
proclaimed dead by the staff at doctor's hospital in Nassau.
Anna Nicole was so distraught and for lots of Daniel she refused to leave his side and
was necessary to sedate her in order to check her out of the hospital.
Scott read from a prepared statement.
He said she suffered memory loss and there was necessary for Howard to tell Anna again
that Daniel had died.
The third person said they believe they know what killed Smith but were waiting for a
toxicology report to confirm the findings that's tomorrow.
But there's a lot of heavy duty stuff coming up tomorrow.
Showed up right?
Man including that thing about the got things he won that court of memory we'll get to that
in a minute.
Oh no.
He said she suffered from memory loss.
It was necessary.
I just read that.
A third of he said they believe they know what killed Smith.
Anna Nicole Smith went to the western Supreme Court this year to sue for that inheritance
was in seclusion in the Bahamas with family for bad things happening to Bahamas man.
Look at that Natalie Holloway.
She floated away.
Maybe this isn't a vermute of triangle.
The identity of the newborn girls father by the way hasn't been publicly disclosed.
Maybe she just doesn't know who it is.
You'd expect any parent who sustained this kind of loss to seek seclusion Scott said.
A jury in question which will be open to the public is scheduled to start October 23rd
and end of the call be it required to attend.
Whenever there's a suspicious death we would have an inquest to determine how the person died
Bradley Neely.
Chief Inspector the Court is office told the A&P.
The autopsy and toxicology reports oh I see will not be made until the inquest is held
because they don't want to prejudice the jury.
So in other words we're thinking tomorrow when they're guess again so they can milk this
another month.
Jurors will meet in a courtroom inside a weathered pink pastel judicial building in the seaside
capital of Nassau a real toilet seaside capital my ass.
What a toilet that is.
You ever been into Bahamas man?
No.
I have not.
Oh you know that's one place you do not want to go.
I can see it from here it's so.
Oh.
I had a good time because I've gone with Hank four times and everything was free.
Everything was free and all you did was spend your time in a casino plunge in your gut
soda he did anyway.
And drinking and eating.
Eating and drinking drinking and eating.
Dining and dancing.
Dining and dancing with what's his name Joey Carr.
Dining and dancing.
Is he dead yet or what for Carr?
All the good people like Ann Richards die and Joey Carr is probably still alive.
Dining and dancing.
Well what a clown here.
Now his brother's name is Steve Cohen and his name is Joe Carr.
Joey Carr can't stand the show business people with fake names.
Really?
Well Virgil said there was no sign of physical injury this month who was seen helping make
his 38 year old mother comfortable before he died.
See and then this makes it even worse.
He was making her comfortable.
Oh maybe he did have a bad heart.
Maybe had some kind of a congenital heart defect.
Who now knows?
Scott dismissed media reports that her son and aunt had a presence of other drugs in the
system.
A spirit, a spirit, a speculation irresponsible may appoint out his whole reporters.
No drug paraphernalia or traces of illegal drugs were found on him in the hospital room
or near the room.
Illegal drug.
How about legal drugs?
Illegal drugs.
How about legal drugs?
I see there you go again.
There I go.
You're just picking on this kid because he's her son and of course if you were her son
you'd probably be doing a lot of drugs too even more than you do in that.
Today it was son of Ann McCool and Bill Smith.
Oh I think he used to work at KAT Bill Smith and also I would say he was Sandy Payton.
Lovely lady.
Who married now a different Bill Smith married an 85 to worse two years later.
The son had small roles in her movie Sky Skaper and to the limit.
He also appeared on the emiology series The Ann McCool Show which you said you watched and
was really bad.
Was it as bad as growing up got throwing up?
It was bad.
Only saw like two episodes of it.
Was it as bad as throwing up gotting up?
Nothing was worse.
Nothing would be worse throwing up gotting up.
I mean you talk about a Guitars show man I think the Italian information they got a protest
that was ever on here and that also was an A and E thing.
A and E is just totally thrown in the towel because they know that there are seven intellectual
people in America even pseudom intellectuals and everybody else is a dumb sloth so that's
why we got dog the bounding 185 times and we got the goofball.
I can't I just can't remember his name.
I've got a brain fart on it.
It does all the magic the what they call the nut job guns over just a dead or no.
No no they've got a name the the mine freak the other like no seriously they got you know what it is.
My free is actual all the time I keep saying it.
Oh yeah it's my free.
That's really what it is.
Well I said that already the mine I know.
Well what kind of a thing is that for A and E free mine freak.
All I got is a bunch of idiotic shows on there you know you're for a bunch of dumb
punks dumb punks who wear in their pants down with their ankles 848 votes you know something
we're doing so good now we don't even have to discuss the I would the thousand is like
fall enough a log when you say.
Uh huh.
No seriously wait that's how popular I would like to have like 5,000 votes on every day
which would mean that I still think it would be a good idea for you to spend the money
in the USA today to promote our website just neorogers.com you know.
I don't know how you'd go about it or what we would say but yeah and then so we get
hits and then of course more people will be listening online then we could be almost
a little bit dangerous.
The mine is so the same time.
This is real Rochester's 4th radio 560.
You A.
May your decision for Christ.
I've been to Iraq nine times in the last three years.
I've seen bombs in blood.
I've seen death in democracy.
I've seen a lot.
But what if I heard that's easy.
Lionel Ricky.
Well my friends the time has come.
There is a root blow up someone.
You don't need to shoot any gun.
Get out there and plant farmers.
As the mines are there in the street.
They've got to watch with their kids their feet.
We're going to pop it.
What we did and I just showed this.
I listened to those lion nails too.
All night, all night.
All night, all night.
All night, all night.
All night, all night.
All night, all night.
All night, all night.
All night, all night.
We'll get the evidence.
I can do that over and share it all night.
All night, all night.
We'll do it just within my confidence.
We'll stay in the homes, all night.
Under the face of the country,
stored a far-fightsack carrying divisions.
The one thing to do in sugar chair
is to complete an utter devotion to Lionel Richie.
They are a united legion for Lionel.
I wonder if he's given a great truck driver or a Trevor Richie.
Or a fat Richie.
But at any rate, I like the Commodore a lot.
And then I stopped and said,
well Lionel Richie was in the Commodore.
Maybe I don't like him quite so much.
He gives me, oh, I don't like him.
Bill Keys?
That's it.
Speaking of that, Democratic Human Attorney nominee Jim Davis,
former State Senator Gerald Jones is his running mate.
Today, of course, everybody's all whipped up about candidates' running mates,
right, for Lieutenant Governor.
But this is a choice that could lead to the first black Lieutenant Governor in Florida history.
I don't know like that.
Davis made the official announcement at the Broward County Library,
joined by the House State Democratic leader Chris Smith,
the four-law middle,
and incoming House Democratic leader Dan Gilbert of Miami Beach,
both considered as possible Davis running mates.
The first black Lieutenant Governor in Florida history.
You gotta make your progress very slowly, one teeny step at a time,
and that the way works?
Yes.
I've gotta know your place.
Just like that school bus driver, remember that put the black students on the back of the bus?
Yeah, I remember that story.
I remember that.
Pretty sad.
If that's America for you, baby, 865 votes on the pool.
I'll read it maybe like once an hour, because there's no race here.
I mean, Paris Hilton, she's off to the races again.
Just can't stand that slut.
5670560, let's get some heavy-duty call action here today.
I'm sure a lot of our people have theories about how Ann and Nicole son died sitting in a chair
in a hospital room.
I like that one we were talking about this morning.
What was Ann?
She shared some of her legal ideas.
Oh, and now she's now Georgia saying that she gave them the theory.
She gave them something.
Or something.
Or he took it, you know, like right there off the night.
For some of Mom's drugs, sure.
Yeah.
Who hasn't done that?
Well, what do you mean who hasn't done that?
Who hasn't taken some of Mom's drugs?
Yeah.
Now you're thinking about imaginary heroes again.
Okay.
Where everybody in a whole household, they spent about 80% of the day in the bathroom rifling
through the medicine cabinet.
Although you got to admit, they had some pretty creative hiding places.
Lumber and it was in the role on the older one thing.
And she pulled off the bottom of the thing.
That's great.
The bottom of the tube.
And there was a little bag, little bag and goodies in there.
WQYN, hello.
Shabba!
Uh-huh.
By the way, who was it that you were talking about this morning?
What's your name?
Allison had another conversation with him.
Thank you for job, Allison.
This morning.
Well, it's WQYN, hello.
I'm Darden.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think you're right about them guys in the morning.
I really hear Susan Gray talk about her rent.
Oh, boy.
Susan Gray, do we go with that again?
Okay.
And like I said, I was going to take a lot of calls today, but if it's going to be the same 67 jackasses,
I don't, I just don't have time to waste with that, you know.
Just not under my plans for the future.
WQYN, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Have you seen the generally channel on everybody's crying about oil being down about $15 from its all-powering high?
Yeah, what a shame.
And of course, what a surprise, too, that, you know, as we get closer to the election, all of a sudden,
oh, gas prices are going to be so much lower and it's going to be so good for the Republicans.
Isn't that just a coincidence, I'm sure?
I sure, they're saying a bunch of hedge funds are gone under because they were wrong, the market, of oil.
Well, screw them.
Well, that's about it, Neil.
I was like, well, I've been involved for a gender-aid space when he was Democrat.
No, okay.
No, I certainly, but we could use a governor, though.
To Jesus Christ or whatever's name is.
Isn't that who's running for the Republicans, Jesus Christ?
Yes, he is.
He's the only Jesus Christ on their side.
They know that.
God's on their side, Jesus.
WQYM, hello.
QAN.
Hey, here's the deal with Anna Nicole and her son.
The baby, the reason they're not letting you know who it was is because it's from an infestuous relationship between the son and Anna.
He took prescription medication and OD.
That's the deal.
There you go.
Who down these childlike homes in Colombo when you got that guy?
Wow.
What the hell was that?
I think it was, it was, it comes to drugs.
I think there was the extra right there.
He got into word drugs.
Man.
Most of the audience would love to have the supply that these colors have.
Who will leave you me?
I will just look, just a little taste.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
And post the lotion on it.
WQYM, hello.
Yes, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to touch on the death issue in the hospital.
According to the report from the nurse's station, he was a strangolando el boyo.
What I just said.
Great.
At least I was cute.
Oh, kill you though.
No.
Well, kill the nigga.
The strangle too hard, it.
No payoff of jackpot dispute.
We thought today was going to be D-Day for that, but I guess looks like tomorrow.
A casino player will learn tomorrow if his swipe and win if the Seminole Hard Rock is confirmed
as a swipe and lose, or if they come up crop up some money.
Freddie Howard had a heart, this is from the hero, by the way, it's a major story.
Freddie Howard had a high hopes that his Tuesday meeting with officials of the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel in Casino would result in a big jackpot.
It didn't.
Instead, CEO Jim Allen told Howard in his attorney that the casino would hire an independent outside agency to examine Howard's claim that he won nearly 260 grand in a swipe and win progressive jackpot computer system August 29th.
They were kind enough to offer me nothing Howard said after the 40-minute meeting with Allen.
We cannot pay jackpots unless we have proper verification said Allen who admitted casino employees did not follow standard procedure to verify by the computer system that Howard won a prize.
When you win, and when you lose, you lose Allen said an afternoon press conference.
If the independent computer analysis decides that he did indeed win, Allen said he would sign the check for 259,945 dollars and 75 cents.
The analysis is expected to be completed tomorrow, and that's when Howard will learn whether he's a winner or a loser.
Neither side disputes the following series of events that took place.
Do we have to go through that whole routine again? Well, no, I think we should.
After swiping his player's club card in the swipe and win kiosk, Howard saw words on the screen indicating he was a winner.
He approached casino employees who congratulated him, had him sign promotional forms and photographed him holding a John cardboard check with the amount of 259, and whatever was.
But 15 hours later, Casino official told Howard it was all a mistake there was a computer glitch.
At the speed as well, really was displayed on the computer screen after Howard swiped his card in the kiosk.
Howard said he and Casino staff saw these words.
Congratulations, you just won progressive winner.
But Casino officials say there was an all-important digit at the end of the message everyone missed.
Congratulations, you just won progressive winner.
Zero dollars.
Well, what does that mean?
That gave Howard his attorney a copy of what they said was clashed on the screen.
They gave him a copy. Howard's attorney Keith Herbert scoffed the idea the screen flashes zero at the end of the message of big...
Oh!
What machine congratulates you for being a loser Herbert asked for winning nothing?
Alan had no explanation by the swiping when kiosk would display a winning message with a zero according to spokesman Gary Bittner.
And no one offered an explanation where Casino and FOIS got the 259-975-75 figure, the top prize given on the swiping when kiosk was for that amount.
The Seven Old Travel Gaming Commission has hired gaming laboratories internationally respected firm that specializes in examining computer systems associated with gaming to examine the computer system.
Alan could also not explain why Casino and FOIS didn't follow standard procedure in verifying a win as they've done numerous times since the casino opened in 2004.
Verification includes checking the log of the promotional computers for aggressive system and then getting approval from top casino executives.
Because casino employees became caught up in the assembly of NL or explained how it's an Alan made no promises other than vague suggestions that if he came back to gamble they'd make him feel right at home.
What does that mean?
Oh, there it is.
It was quite angry and disappointed how it said of his meeting with Alan.
Herbert said that if his client is not told he's not getting any money that he may resort to his original idea.
Pick up the casino with a copy of the large check for 259 grand plus that it was given with a world's world give me a real check.
You can't sue the Seminoles for getting your hopes up bringing him down to Tampa, Trinity Jack Gordon who was sued the Seminoles numerous times throughout the years.
And of course, like we said, the courts, well whatever.
If he sued him several times how do you do that? If the US courts have no jurisdiction.
Huh?
I don't know, Indian court?
You really are, make no promises.
You are.
Anyway, I guess tomorrow we'll be D-Day. We'll find out whether they're going to cop up some cash for this guy.
And certainly for a public relations standpoint, it would be a real good idea.
At least give him a couple of dinners or a couple of coupons for the little red caboose or something like that.
Pack of smokes.
That would be good, without worms in them.
896 votes on the poll not bad.
The biggest name, the best talent for the business, Neil Rogers, for 20560, QAM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
What a solid brain.
Any questions?
Welcome aboard in Park London.
And all times please keep your hands in sight with car and your head's inside your broadcast.
Enjoy your dinner.
904 votes on a poll in soy level 02, man.
What's not to like, right?
Got that thousand licks.
We'll have that by a little bit.
I'd say, I don't know, by noon.
A Princeton University computer science professor added a new fuel yesterday to claims electronic voting machines used across much of the country are vulnerable to hacking that could alter vote totals or disable machines.
They're bad machines.
And there's nothing worse than getting a bad machine.
Take it from somebody who knows.
All the way yesterday I had a good machine.
Finally.
In a paper posted on the university's website, Edward Felton and two graduate students described how they attempted a diable IQ VOTS machine they obtained, found ways to quickly upload malicious programs and even developed a computer virus able to spread such programs between machines.
The marketing director for the machines maker, diabol, links, diabol, election systems of Alan Texas blasted the report saying Felton ignored newer software and security measures that prevents our tracking.
Are you cracking those knuckles again, my god?
Like pig knuckles?
Well, they are.
I'm concerned by the fact that we were all the man of all the things.
Pig knuckles.
I'm not about the pig's ears that I totally I suddenly eat in Madrid.
Yeah, I don't know.
Fried is him?
Yes.
I'll give it a shot.
You know, those Europeans men are into that deep fried crap.
Like the french fries.
Oh, and when you look in the oil that they're frying those french fries in over it and they re-fry them, you know, like an Amsterdam and in France, they re-franded Belgium.
My god.
I'm concerned by the fact that we were contacted to educate these people on where our current technology stands, Mark Radke said of Diabol.
Right, he also questioned why Felton had submitted his paper for peer review as is commonly done before publishing scientific research.
Felton said he and his colleagues felt it necessary to publish the paper as quickly as possible because of the possible implications for the November midterm elections.
About 80% of American voters expected to use some form of electronic voting in the upcoming election in which the makeup of the US House will be decided as well as 33 Senate seats and 36 Governor's Shifts, including gay, Governor and Florida.
The acuvote S is commonly used across the country along with the newer model, the acuvote SX, while Felton wasn't able to test the new machine.
He said he thought much of what he found was to apply. The machine felt and tested obtained in May from an underscore source was the same type used across Maryland in his primary election Tuesday, according to Russ Goldstein, a deputy administrator with a state sport of elections.
Goldstein said he couldn't come in on the report until he read it, but he did say that's a different Goldstein.
Diabol, another machine manufacturer, including California basic, FOIA voting systems, ANC and Nebraska based election systems and software, ANC have in the subject of lavish of subjective laws.
The machines are vulnerable to hacking and breakdowns are going to sign votes to the wrong candidate, as you can see the right margin is chopped off again.
I know. Why don't you use a firefight?
What, you're right. You're right. Explore. Internet Explorer is evil at the anti-prodival.
Election officials in some states have also complained.
Previous studies have complained hacking vulnerabilities with the machines, but Felton claims that this studies the first time an independent research group has obtained an actual machine and tested extensively.
Felton and graduate students, Ariel Feldman, and Alex Halderman, found that malicious programs could be placed on the diabol by accessing the memory card slot and power button both behind a lock door on the side of the machine mine.
One member of the group was able to pick a lock in 10 seconds and software could be installed in less than a minute.
The researchers say that design software capable of modifying all records, audit logs and counters kept by the voting machine ensuring that a careful forensic examination would find nothing wrong.
The programs were able to modify vote totals across machines to break down.
Modify vote totals, something that could alter the course of election of machines were located in crucial polling sections.
It was also possible to design a computer virus to spread malicious programs to multiple machines by piggybacking on a new software download or election information file being transferred from machine to machine Felton said.
I think there are many people out here who have the technical ability to carry out sort of attacks we described here.
Felton said hacking dangers could be mitigated with better software, more restrictions on access to machines and memory cards, and paper receipts verified by the voter.
Paper receipts God forbid, let's burn them.
Radke said diabol is already implemented many of these things.
Not all of these, just many of these things.
Of course, even say whether they were implemented in 2004 or in 2000 and God forbid, you know.
God forbid, because I'm sure the answer would have been no.
Here's a fact from Tom who says call it paranoid, but have you noticed that gas is dropping like I said, what I just tell you?
What would I just tell you? You must have heard you.
Here's a good buffer stick of the time. So I said, Jesus save me from your followers. Amen.
We have that on our locker over here.
Yeah, Tom, it's just a coincidence that gas is dropping like a rock. That's it just before the elections now.
Oh, we're going to smash potatoes, gravy, cranberry sauce.
Woo! This is a little Richard.
And then it says, did you happen to watch Keith Oberman last night as the Bush eating a celebrity translate?
No, I did not see that from him.
They have to go online and check that out.
Which he's celebrating with you.
You won't watch him. He's just a hard ass.
I watch Keith Oberman.
I watch Keith Oberman.
Right, we see Call of Bound 8 to 9 every night.
It's a hoot.
And he's also got some funny crap in there.
And then of course his worst person in the world thing I love, which is usually Bill O'Reilly.
But not always.
So in any way that the nut job in Montreal, guess what his favorite internet game was?
The Sims, I don't know.
Call him by.
Huh.
Why didn't you see the way he was dressed?
No, I didn't.
Oh.
A man with a nice haircut, by the way.
A man with a black trench coat who's shooting rampage in Montreal at a Montreal college killed one person in the world of 19 others before he was slain by police out on a blog in his name.
That he liked to play a role playing internet game about the Columbine shootings.
The gunman who opened a fire at Dawson College yesterday and was Kim Virgill, 25 of La Valle, New Montreal.
Six victims remained in critical condition to an extremely critical condition.
The official said police has served skills home in postings on a website called vampirefreaks.com.
Blogs and deals name show more than 50 photos depicting the remain in various poses holding a rifle and donning a long black trench coat and combat boots.
Remember the trench code mafia?
Right.
All that crap.
Yes.
One photo.
See, crazy people has batted off the crazy people with guns.
Not a good idea.
One photo has a tombstone with his name printed on it below with the phrase,
lived fast dyed young left a mangled corpse.
The last six-year-old entry yesterday was posted at 10.41 am about two hours before he was shot to death at Dawson.
He said on the site that he was drinking whiskey in the morning and described his mood the night before as crazy and postal.
Oh, did you see the people that are working the post office? They get very upset about that.
Yeah, too bad.
Going postal.
Are you picking on a post-p up post-postal people now?
Why not?
Good.
He said on the site that I wonder what ever happened to Ted Grossman.
Who?
Postman.
No, Ted Grossman was the postman his brother.
Well, I can keep him straight.
And either could they.
He said on the site that he liked to play super-collar by a massacre and internet-based computer game that simulates the April 20, 1999 down shootings at the Colorado High School by two of its students until a 13 people did.
His name is trench.
You'll come to know him as the angel of death he wrote on his vampire freaks.com profile.
He is not a people person.
Uh-huh.
He wrote that he hates jocks, crepes, country music, and hip-hop.
Well, I don't know.
I think I could really...
No, really?
No, I don't hate all jocks, not if they look good.
Although I don't sit around sniffing him like parents does.
War, work sucks, school sucks, life sucks.
What else can I say?
Life is a video game you've got to die some time, you said.
Well, below a picture of Gil aiming the barrel of a gun at the camera, the inscription, I think I have an obsession with guns.
And then it said after that...
Blah!
Yeah.
How else you would pronounce it?
Yeah, we're like, no.
Blah!
Yeah, okay.
Anger and hatred simmers within me, he said another caption below a picture of him grimacing.
He wrote that he was six-one, born in Montreal as of Indian heritage.
He said his weakness is laziness and that he feared nothing.
Responding the question, how do you want to die?
He replied like Romeo and Juliet, or in a hairlig on fire.
Romeo and Juliet, by now, who did that song?
Just like Romeo and Juliet.
Who did that?
By the way, the marquees, that last night I can't stop humming it.
I'm not that big on instrumentals usually.
There's some of them.
Well, they're good.
But that was a great one.
Last, last, doi, and last night by the marquees.
And if you're not an old fart like me or a chicken, I can't hear it.
Because he's caught in a time warp.
Is that Romeo and Juliet?
It's a version of it.
No, come on.
That's not Romeo and Juliet.
Oh, that's it.
It was it.
What the hell was that other piece of crap?
So who does this?
But it refructs it.
I did a job in a model, I wanted it.
Now I'm not a big on my mind.
I don't know.
Gil War, a black trench coat during the shooting open fire in the cafeteria.
Just as the Columbine students did in 1999, he also maintained an online blog,
similar to Clevold and Harris, devoted to Gothic culture, heavy metals such as Meryl and Manson.
See, there's that Meryl and Manson again.
It must be his fault, right?
Absolutely.
Everything is.
God of me.
You never trust a guy named Meryl and, or Allison, or Annabelle.
Trovella's past 11.
Annabelle, now what is his real name or what?
I shouldn't make you sick, because then you could Dave Anborin all pissed off again.
And you never know they might want to bring you back.
No, I don't think so.
Why not?
Probably because you're on this show and you're pissed off about the fact that I talk about how Dave,
how Van Boring, Dave is.
That has nothing to do with them, but yeah.
Well, what does it, what do you mean by that?
It has to do with me.
I have new responsibilities.
What are those?
The QAM website.
Oh, that thing.
I wouldn't say that I would love again.
Hey, it's great.
Is it, well, certainly got to be better than it was before.
Now, are we going to get a cross-dress on that thing ever again or not?
I'm hoping we don't have any naked pictures on our website.
Really trying.
Yeah, that, that to me, that business sums up our relationship with this radio station better than anything else at all.
Well, I think it's going to go back to normal.
The fact that they wouldn't cross promote our website on the QAM website,
because of the fact that we had like naked pictures on the back when we had to be occurred before we had to stop that,
because we did not want to go to jail.
And I'm credible?
No.
It wasn't cross-dressed.
We know it on our website.
This is the kind of promotion.
It's not bad enough they don't promote outside, but even on their website,
even a little internal and sensuous promotion there can't do that.
And by the way, what's your name there?
That you tell me is the new PD assistant or whatever she is?
Allison.
Allison.
How come a job, Allison?
You're with it.
She just got the number yesterday.
Why am I with that?
You know something?
With what?
I don't even know what you expect.
She fired off the appropriate email to George,
and he's firing off the appropriate email to George.
She was in Belkhorso.
She was in the account of George Corso.
Who manages the account of the account of the account?
George Corso was in the assent?
He has to be.
Okay.
I'm not thinking anymore of course.
All right.
1113 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you about it.
Let's see March 21st, 1906.
Not 2006, 1906.
You know, seriously.
You remember that?
Yeah.
That was my first week on the year 1906.
We just had to turn to the century.
Wouldn't it be something like be around for the turn of all these different centuries?
Remember that Y2K craft?
Oh, God.
That was fun.
All the power is going to go out, and the water is going to stop flowing,
and people are going to not be able to take no showers, no more.
Those of us who do.
Oh, that was bad.
Let me tell you about a great place to take your feet.
Brandy shoes and pomp at a beach where they carry all the top names in a shoe business.
They give you unbeatable prices and friendly personal service
to make damn sure you get a perfect fit every time.
Our guarantee of Brian Schmutz loves them.
Brandy's has got like floor shine.
Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppey, New Balance.
Tons of other name brand shoes and all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes too.
Brandy's in fact is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida.
And if you've never been to the store, shame on you.
Because when you go in there for the first time and you see the value and selection
you get and the great personal service as well, believe you me.
You'll never want a shop for shoes, any place else.
Go see our good buddy Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right printing shoes at the right price every single time.
You'll find Brandy's at 1290, North Federal Highway and Pomberlope,
which between Atlantic and Copens on the East Side cannot miss it.
Open every Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5.
In this week, it's a store wide sales event this week at Brandy's.
Like always, they save you extra money every week.
This week, take 20% off the first pair, 25% off the second pair, and 30% off the third pair,
including sale items too.
So, save a ton of cash by getting grants into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping right online.
On their website, brandy's shoes.com.
The biggest name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
The best name of best talent of the day.
I love a man with a sense of humor.
What do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
what do you say we, in the lights, and play a little,
and then we got to that hurricane crack,
because there's no ball game to that.
We'd rather have a ball game any day.
Now let's see, we know what the attendance was last night or not.
Did we look?
No, we did not.
Well, let's look. I'm going to look right now.
I mean, not that it makes a big deal.
It did look like there were a little bit more people there.
I will say that.
Now what were they given away?
Like $100 to everybody who showed up.
Let's see, sports.
I want to hear all the websites, and this one should go a little faster
than the Sun Central on the Sports page.
Sun Central hates Explorer and vice versa.
And now, and now, and hates the hero too,
because it won't come up on the sports page.
Well, what is this all of a sudden, huh?
I'm going to tell you something.
Between a hero to the Sun Central, you can't complain about the quality of your websites
because you don't have any.
The quality sucks.
I'm going to give you a QM website, now that Josh is on it,
it is just clean and pristine.
It's on fire.
It's fantastic.
And there will be a new site, very soon.
How come I can't get the Albright?
Let me try the Sun Central.
I know this isn't going to work.
Jesus, God, do I have to switch over to a Firefox for everything?
Yes.
No, I don't.
I don't want Firefox.
I want my Alexa, man.
If I didn't have my Alexa, I wouldn't waste my time sending Josh all those 85 stories
every day, which means he'll probably find a way to interfere with my, like, my, uh, explorer.
Let's see.
Marlon's Magic Carpet Ride starts its descent.
Now, that's a pretty, uh, sour headline, isn't it?
Yes, screw that guy.
Now, who the hell wrote that in the Sun Central?
Marlon's Magic Carpet Ride starts its descent.
So, there are two out of three of the first place mitz, who are a hell of a team,
and about 80 games ahead of everybody else.
Yeah, they're only like the best team in baseball.
Yeah, right.
What the hell do you want?
Start a slide.
Typical software to negativity, man.
Even I've been not jumping on a van wagon, but try to whip it up a little bit and inverse
people that maybe go into a game or two.
I guarantee if I was there, I'd be going into a game or two, not, but nevertheless, what they'll,
what do I got to do with it?
Don't play me for it.
Okay, let me see if I can get them.
I went over to a Firefox.
You think that'll help?
Can't hurt.
Well, at least it's a little more Sun Central Frontier, the other way around.
Let's see.
If you sports Florida, Marlins, there it is, Fanger Carpet Ride.
It starts at the cent.
Now, let's see if I can open up that.
The Sun Central website is just evil.
It won't open up the story.
It won't open up.
I better off just go to the Major League Baseball thing and I'll get the attendance right away,
right?
No, instead of the local papers, I'm telling you, man, the Sun Central sucks.
It's a piece of garbage.
It's crap.
I have no problem with any other website.
You know how many websites I go through every day to put all those 800 stories on there and gather
all these great Z-material for this show?
A Zillion.
No, a Zillion, whatever that is.
Well, let's see if I'm going to look for it.
Probably just as well because then I would go on about well, or really when there were 8,000 people there,
3,000 more Met fans, and the other people were like vendors and hot dog sellers and whatever.
You know, we know the deal.
It's not going to change.
And of course, I think Stande Eagle won last night.
I think they had like a 10-houtton or something.
Yeah.
So crushed to where they played.
Who would they play by the way?
The Lions?
I don't know.
But anyway, Stande Eagle won.
So that means the Marlins are now what?
Three games out of the Wild Card and there's only like 16 games to go, I believe?
Yeah, it's not looking good, but we're not out of it.
Yeah, but that headline, I thought, yeah, how do they know?
Maybe they're going to win the next 10 in a row.
They don't know.
Negative, negative, negative.
They play at Atlanta this weekend, the next series.
And they own the Brains basically, right for years now.
They wiped the floor with them.
They mop up with the Brains, don't they?
No, I don't know where he came up with that, but let's hope.
No, they did for a long time.
Get out of here!
What are you talking about?
Are you talking about Brains?
The Marlins?
The man they had maybe was last year.
They had a spectacular record against the Braves.
Yeah, maybe one year, but I'm talking, maybe the Phillies you're thinking about.
No, I'm feeling about the Braves.
The Braves, not the Phillies, the Braves.
They owned them, baby.
They had them on their limp wrist.
You don't know what you're talking about.
And you worked with a team when this was going on.
Just because you're sitting up there getting stoned and drunken and press box with those guys
and eating pizza that our people are bringing by.
Whatever happened to what's his name?
Troy.
He's a good dude.
He's a good dude.
He eats too much bobbin canoes and Troy's drafford just about put him out of business, but nevertheless.
How's Troy's drafford doing, buddy?
We see him around.
I don't see him on a schedule anymore for on the year.
He said he was going to pursue his on-air.
Is he gone?
Is he gone?
He's gone.
Oh, he is?
Yeah.
Well, why didn't he tell me that?
He said he wasn't going to be in sales anymore, but he was going to pursue his on-air thing.
And I thought that meant he was going to be back to doing some weekends for us on-air.
And stuff like that.
I thought that meant he was going to be back to doing some work for your own experience.
I guess that meant somewhere else.
Oh, no.
He's a good guy, Troy.
I mean, he wasn't worth a crap in sales, but he was a good guy, right?
Yeah.
He was an old smoothie.
Sure.
If you're real nice to me, let your rub his balls for which is his whole head.
Did it all the time?
It's true.
I ended it.
She rubbed it.
While Republican Senator Conrad Burns flew first class, his wife was stuck in coach a salivating
Democratic informant told Roll call, oh, look at that.
And she's a cow too.
Boy, I sure hope it wasn't one of those where they have like three in three, you know?
Three in three.
Well, they have in coach.
Three seats across the aisle.
Oh, yeah.
I've been stuck in the middle.
Oh, my goodness.
Stuck in the middle with you.
Now, who the hell did that?
Stuck in the middle of the wheel.
Who?
Steven.
That's right.
And just said that.
Why's thinking it?
The reflections in just like Romeo, that's not good.
No, he's.
Rick Shaw is pretty peeled with me right now.
He's probably not too happy.
I'm so happy.
I'm sorry, Ricky.
Little typical of the camp for Rick to a Shaw.
The informant sent the information to the company, the National Editorial Note that said,
guess women really are a second class to him.
Roll calls heard on the Hill reports.
Last October, two Northwest Airlines flight attendants accused Burns of sexism.
After he told one of the women she could stay at home and be a mother if she lost her job to outsourcing.
Roll call reports that Burns denied sexism in both cases.
And suggests that the senator wasn't playing the big man car taking the first class seat
while making his little woman ride in the stuff he coats it.
Little woman, my ass.
She's bigger than L. C. the board and cow.
The article says that for once she had the roomiest coach seat available, the exit row.
Burns spoke when James Pendleton's where as the senator should've honestly offered to take that seat
and give Phyllis the only first class seat they could get, but she wouldn't hear such nonsense.
She declined.
She felt there was more room for him to work with his laptop as ever in first class.
On Monday, both he and Mrs. Burns had purchased coach tickets and at the time they upgraded
but there was a room for both of them to go first class.
So he put the cow in the back and he went in the front because he's a big shot.
I mean, he's a senator, you know. Right?
Right.
Put the, put the slot in the back. That's all.
She's a cow.
He probably don't want to be seen with her anyway.
Who the, it's tough to hit on the stewardesses with your wife sitting right next to you.
Right.
Steve faxes and says if the government wants to monitor the internet,
why don't they catch these crazy bastards playing these online death games?
If a guy shooting a gun isn't a terrorist and who is, is Steve?
Well, I don't think the internet is what they need to worry about.
Maybe it's the guns.
Oh, we don't want to do that.
No, don't say that. That's very bad.
You can't say that, America. You call me Pincofagot you.
What do you got part of that right?
I mean, what, what is that?
The obsession with gun.
And of course, you'll notice that the benevolence of the human race all throughout history,
what does man continue working fever state to invent bigger and better and more effective weapons to protect other worlds?
Sure.
All through history.
In fact, you go to all these hysterical historical museums and you see all the hatchets and the old wonder bus and all.
All air regeneration had a bunch of weapons.
You know, just like our new generation of nuclear weapons now.
Which I think will drop on on Nancy Grace, don't you?
Absolutely. That's very good.
That bitch.
I always thought she was killing me, but evidently more worse than me.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The telemation Nancy.
The O'Rourke.
Try killing it for a radio.
Prime 60.
You A.M.
I've heard my life with NWRD.
Hey, guys.
Is your life falling apart because you have a live noodle?
Do the girls laugh at you?
And sports fans.
Do the boys laugh at you too?
Well, your friendly, giant pharmaceutical corporations who care deeply for your good health through extortion have good news.
Sexual enhancement drugs are now available over the counter.
However, biggest customers at the FCC now prohibit us from saying exactly what they are.
So let's just say it helps your love flow with better blood flow.
But we can no longer describe how.
You must call us first, for us to explain.
What we can tell you is that we have warehouses full of this stuff, and it's cheaper to make than anything important.
You know, like cancer and AIDS.
You care about that.
Look, we have tons of this grass.
Why this one little model costs tenies to make.
And we charge you ten bucks a pill.
We all gotta go sometime, pal.
Might as well get some boy boy.
Use as directed.
What's going on here?
I'm just gonna go and do some things.
I'm coming over to my shop.
The two men surveyed their target.
A voice says the V of his new arm.
Our motor tape.
Hi, this is your company.
There is an edit in the tape.
Now the suicide bomber is driving on the road.
His white car clearly visible.
The video is shot from a distance while the bomber talks to the cameraman on a walking chalky.
I'm on the back of the car.
Shift to the medical.
I'm on the car.
Shift to him.
And it was Americans in front of him.
Foreign your documents, he's going to blow himself up, right on page.
Did you have anyone in view?
You think?
Oh, great, So, Muhammad and Allah II will have the camera commonsense every push.
You can start the camera man.
We're waiting for the explosion and there it is.
Man, big Ronald Lian.
The US military says it has no record of such an attack.
Well I just probably made it up.
Anyway, here's a letter to Comedy Central from a website called DearComityCentral.infogamy.com.
You know, I was just thinking before I get into this because I'm looking at these suicide bomber guys and you know,
one thing they have in common.
What, they're really good.
They have different kind of head gear and different gallons that they wear and different schmottes.
But they all have a beard.
Right.
So I'm thinking that if you see a guy with a beard, it probably can't be a bad idea.
They did a tape lickin'.
Right.
And they shoot him.
They did?
Beard.
Look at this.
Here's this South Kite guy that I'm seeing him right now.
Doesn't have a big beard, but he's got like a little schmutz today.
In fact, not a sea in the second picture guy that beard was growing in the beard too.
Looks like we're in trouble, Josh.
Growing longer every day.
Oh, you guys are sporting beards now?
Yeah, right now I'm in a little trouble here.
Yeah.
Why is that?
I'm feeling lazy.
Put your head in the cage.
All the guidance is in the building here.
Well, wouldn't be a bad idea when in doubt clean that place out.
Anyway, here's just a thought.
You know, if you see somebody with a long black beard.
Of course, it could be like some of them orthodox, some of them far-bitching, you know.
Well, that's a good answer.
Dear Comedy Central executives, the free steward and Culber movement is the group, whatever that is.
Do you know there was such a movement?
Nope.
There's a bowel movement.
The time is coming.
It says actually the long time since since came.
A lot of folks in the entertainment industry just never wear it yet.
Anyways, here we are inviting you to let John Steward and Steven Culber to be amongst the first to bring television.
Well, and fully-interviewed new millennium.
This $19.99 stuff on iTunes has got to stop.
Put both shows on the internet every day for free.
It's it and it's got for free and big black letters.
Black.
No more serious.
It's a stop laughing.
The internet wants to watch.
Actually, the internet is already watching.
As you probably already noticed, the funnier bits of the daily show in the Culber report rapidly make it to YouTube.
You...
Cute!
Or very video where they get hundreds of thousands of hits.
Yes.
We're watching you and we think you're funny.
Also, we've checked your credit record hacked into your banking accounts, emailed into children's school grades, so listen up.
It might be worth explaining who we are.
We're computer geeks.
Or like that idiot Montreal.
No, not the losers in a fixed year PC advised.
It says we're the pimply face dudes in the basement of the computer center that spend our evenings and college playing.
Nethac?
The vert of it.
No, I'm sorry. Nethac.
What a jerk.
Nethac. Well, that's what it looks like.
Okay, whoever saw a net hack in print before, okay?
I caught it pretty quick.
Nethac.
No, a bed.
To bed we go.
Nethac.
Learning Lisp and C++.
And reading Game Theory books.
Some of us have been around forever and some of us are new, but we're out there and we want to be customers.
Nethac.
That'd be a good name, wouldn't it?
Not what news would have been.
They had me.
We write the software that shares the illicit music and video around the globe.
We write the web servers that keep the internet trucking.
We hacked the Linux kernel.
We code.
We write.
We watch.
We're the Uber geeks.
And we think your shows are funny.
Oh, Robert Greeper must be part of this group.
He's getting the Uber geek.
Now we know what you're thinking.
These guys are making bank wire.
Can't they watch us on cable like the rest of the unwashed?
Of course a lot of us do have digital cable with 42-inch high-def LCDs.
And T-Bobox is running hack versions of the Linux kernel.
But there are a bunch of us who don't have anything but a Netflix subscription and a cute pack full of Kung Fu Flicks and the occasional Matthew Browderick film.
For old times sake, sounds to me like a gay thing.
What did you talk about?
Ferris Bill is the office of great movie.
You have to be gay.
Like a bunch.
And the occasional Matthew Browderick film.
What was the one he made with Marlon Brando?
The freshman?
That's it.
That was really pretty bad.
The only reason anybody of us watches because Marlon Brando was doing this.
He was doing the dog call the only voice again.
It was pretty funny.
Oh, sorry.
The rest of the movie sucked.
And what was that big lizard that kept sloughing around?
This food was dead or something.
It's not because we don't want high-def movies with surround sound.
We'll make your ears bleed and send your beta waves trolling through, actually.
And the fact we don't want to...
Well, you know, you try reading some of this crap on a year once, mister.
I have.
But why don't?
It just looks funny and print.
It does.
It's strange.
It looks like knee-facke.
Schmuck.
Knee-fuck.
We don't want it.
It says we can all afford it.
We have good jobs.
We probably make more than you guys do.
But we don't subscribe to Cable or Satellite.
We don't want to because we're angry.
Angry and bored.
Angry bored and ruthlessly efficient.
Angry bored, ruthlessly efficient.
And with a fanatical devotion to the internet.
Oh, boy.
And it goes on about Rutger Howard.
This.
And if only the violence was so believably real that Hillary Clinton and Fippr Gore.
Would find a commission to investigate it.
Yeah, it goes on and on about the internet.
It says we think that John Stuart is really funny and that Cullbear guys and bad either.
And we think they might actually fit in a big way here.
And it goes on to offer.
We'll watch your show every day if you put it online at a reasonable price.
As an MPaG video that we can save and watch later in case we're on vacation.
Not some Microsoft or Apple proprietary crap.
If you do that, we're just going to have to hack it up and turn it into an MPaG anyways.
Which means we'll have to distribute it on our own side without the commercials.
And it goes on.
Well, it says we know that you're part of the huge Viacom empire blah blah whatever.
We're going to pay something but something reasonable like two or three bucks a month for all the episodes.
Truly, that's more than you're getting from the cable companies.
I mean, if you get three average channels from the cable, it goes on 23 cents per subscriber from cable.
Says any how think about it?
We'll be here hanging out wishing you were here.
Computer get overgreet computer geeks.
Foulberg geeks netfacters.
Neeslackers and neethacres.
How could I get one of those big screens?
How a crap.
You know, this has been like anybody with a brain can't watch that stuff on the queue.
First of all, it's known on the premier channels such as basic cable and you got it.
Right. You don't have to pay any extra to watch it if you have basic cable.
If you don't have basic cable, you know, have a good time in your log cabin.
Right.
And of course, if you're hanging out in a log cabin, you probably have a beard.
The biggest name of the best talent in business is Neil Rogers for 20560UAL.
Let's all be some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a bad shriek pack.
I don't care if they eat from my rats, you see.
You choose to the torture.
Cause they're just laying their game in the past.
It has to be worse with the dumb who's saying.
They thought he was just a legend.
A giant with incredible strength and power, with colossal arms, monstrous legs, and an enormous ego.
He's not just a legend, but he is a giant, a San Francisco giant, coming soon from Falcoville.
King Barnes.
Oh no, he's just brought this part to us right about it.
Oh my god, these eating the reporters.
No!
See Barry Barnes in the movies porn or chemically creative to play.
New Yorkville, Mattrop Ward, superhero, radio, school, play, and play.
Coming soon, maybe for a ballpark near you.
King Barnes.
King Barnes.
Now it's the 12 votes already and you know, big deal.
I know.
It's starting more talking about it anymore, is it?
What?
It's so automatic.
Yes.
Finally, you'll be pleased to know I reached over about five minutes ago.
And shut off the monitor for that phone thing.
Very good.
Reach over and shut it off.
I think we took more than our quoted today.
We took quite a few there in the beginning.
Yes, we did.
And most of them said, stuff like that.
Two weeks after, you know what?
You're right though.
I just, I don't so care.
I'm going to do my show.
I'm going to do it the way I want to.
All these people who think that they're experts who know something.
They know nothing about radio, nothing about talk radio, nothing about this show, nothing
except a bunch of ball games and guys taking showers together and dropping the soap.
That's all they know.
You'll add ten years to your life.
That's right.
I just don't care.
I'm going to do what I believe in.
And that's it.
All these experts.
Well, maybe if you're screened to crawl.
You know, this guy, man, I don't know what you, you become so enchanted so easily.
And then down the road, man, every single time you always say, you know, oh gee, you're
talking about what, what night's the night's day of our Greg.
What did I say about Greg?
What do you mean?
I was just over here yesterday about what the tremendous improvement they are.
Yeah.
Man, you're dreaming.
All right.
Maybe the sale now, that sales guy this morning sounded like kind of human.
What was that?
Daniel.
Daniel from Dallas?
Daniel.
He looked a little bit like the song about him, which I think that means gay, something like that.
Gary Bruce had a younger brother, what it looked like him.
Oh, God.
That's not, no, that's not the don't get him started on the wrong foot comparing him to Gary Bruce.
I just, I'm just trying to, you know, just probably next door.
And they got a picture of a guy with a schmachton is heading to beard.
I'll guide it.
Look, they all have to be here with a beard.
And the terrorist terrorist, Peter Bacchial, terrorist, thinking somebody else with a beard.
Somebody famous, somebody famous.
Oh, Wilford Brimley.
Wilford Brimley.
You're gonna have a beard.
I don't know.
Get out of here.
Santa Claus.
Hey, all your kids out there.
And your parents take it to them all this, say, you see, Santa's got a beard.
Yeah, I got it first to make sure if it isn't real.
If it's real, shoot him.
Right?
Right.
Castro.
Kill him.
Because he must be a terrorist.
God only knows what he's gonna put in your sack.
In fact, he'll probably squeeze your sack.
That's Santa.
Pervert.
Two weeks after telling police that her son had been sent from his crib, Melinda Duckett.
Oh, God.
I wonder if he was gonna be...
He was gonna be...
Puckett.
Mark, can you believe that he's dead?
Who?
Think of all the people who are dead that just, you just can't believe it.
You know, like, I just got through seeing what's her name and Richard's on King a few weeks ago.
You know, on King?
Uh-huh.
Who?
Larry, your buddy.
She just died a few weeks ago.
And Richard, she looked alive to me and how she's dead.
And just when you do this, talk about those catacombs in Paris and you see all those skulls and bones.
Then that's where it's at, baby.
You better enjoy your life now.
Because once it's over, that's it.
Just like that rag head that was on there with the bombs in a car, the two of them are gonna do the suicide bombing.
I hope all our favors me, all our my ass, okay?
You're dead.
Idiots.
But then again, you see, I think they've got a legitimate excuse.
Because boy, you talk about effective brainwashing.
Even the Catholic...
Sure.
See, the Catholic church does it a different way.
They basically make an offer that you can't refuse.
They brainwash you and teach you to hate everybody else.
And then that's the way they work.
But these people, from the time they're old enough to like sit on the floor and start dovin'ing and they're rockin' back and forth with a books and a Quran and I,
they're afraid of his guillem and his Jews, you know, crazy.
And so by the time they get old enough to be really dangerous, you know what they become?
What, dangerous and dangerous?
Two weeks after telling police that her son had been snatched from his crib, Melinda Duckett, found herself reeling an interview with TV's famously prosecutorial Nancy Grace.
She doesn't have a beer, but you know what?
I'd like to shoot her ass.
And believe me, talk about a big target.
Before it was over, Gras was pounding her desk and loudly demanding to know, where were you?
Why aren't you tell us where you were that day?
Friend.
I really...
A day after the taping Duckett 21 shot herself to death, deepening the mystery of what happened to the boy.
Police refused to say what she left a suicide note and said nothing, they have found so far in their investigation of her death,
and shed any light on the wear of boats over two year old son Trenton.
Maybe he ran away because he's named him Trenton. Maybe he's in Jersey.
This is in Leesburg, Florida, by the way.
This is a...
How come all the crap is in Florida? Most of it.
You know, or notice that?
I have noticed that.
I hope that's correct.
I heard we had about to jump off the bridge with his daughter.
Where the hell's it?
Leesburg.
You want to know where Leesburg is over there on a West Coast, baby?
Leesburg.
Never heard of it.
Get out of here. Look at up, Google it.
Leesburg with two E's. Leesburg.
You're full of it.
You know, I don't think you ever lived in Brandon. I think you're full of crap.
You know, I just made it up.
The only thing Brandon's got is a bunch of fast food joints.
And a mall.
They do have a mall?
Are you... you're kidding, right?
It's like the third biggest mall in the world.
Oh, excuse me.
Well, it's all that's in town.
You never heard of Leesburg and you're giving me crap because I never saw her.
I went to the Brandon mall.
What the hell would I go to Brandon for?
Nobody heard of Leesburg.
It was Varshto.
Wasn't it where they had the first to make believe arena?
Yes.
The plastic arena, the Thea Lightning.
I went to a couple of games.
They were at least just pounded lightning back then.
Lightning were really bad.
Oh, and a couple of games are actually.
And your bell says, are you a hockey fan?
No, I'm just making it up.
Police refused to say whether she'd like to suicide note.
This is Melinda Duckett.
And said nothing they found.
I just read that.
Investigators have stopped sure to calling her a suspect.
But a folks is increasing attention on her movements just before the boy vanished.
And the notes, computer, camera and other items, seized it in from her house.
Duckett's family members disputed any suggestion since he heard her son.
They said the strain of her son's disappearance pushed her to the brink.
And the media said her over the edge.
Nancy Grace put that bitch on trial.
Why were you pounding on that desk?
You bitch, you... you... how?
That means...
What slot does, yeah?
God.
She is... oh, my God.
She had just that... that whole phony actor, her man, that whole drawl.
She put the...
I can't stand that, it's a lot.
Hey, man.
And you were supposed to put her on a pole to the engine and do it.
Yeah, Josh.
Why didn't you do that?
No, not Josh, you.
I remember.
I mean, it's before Josh, ever even dragged his ass in there.
Well, I... I thought about you.
Please, pretty pleased you wouldn't do it because you're a heartless bastard.
That's because I love her.
Nancy Grace and the others, they just vassed her to the end.
Duckett's grandfather built you banks.
And two, they wonder if he's kin to Bobby banks.
The one with the astiff neck.
She wasn't... and other than a priest, I never saw anybody wearing a collar like that Bob U-Banks
on the Anouliwad game.
Remember him?
Right.
God, I hated it.
I can't stand him.
Because of his big milled head.
No, I had nothing to do with that.
I just didn't like the way he always looked like his neck was in.
What do they call this?
Like a neck brace?
Yeah.
That's what they call it.
She wasn't anyone ever would have thought to do something like this.
She and that baby just loved each other couldn't get away from each other.
She wouldn't hurt a bug.
Janine, I am Muno.
I spoke to him in for Grace.
And an email that Duckett's death was an extremely sad development.
But the program would continue covering the case.
No rock, I'm honest baby.
No regrets.
We feel a responsibility to bring attention to this case in hopes of finding Trent and Duckett
who remains missing Ayamuno said.
A relentless bitch that Nancy Grace.
Let's hot her ass down.
Let's tie her up by her toenails.
All right.
Let's get the shot of her hand.
Let's bring him back to life and get this to a vach to pull out her nails.
Ooh.
Polished or not.
Yeah, let's polish your fingernails and then pull them all out with the...
The thing.
Plires with her pliers.
The thing.
The needle nose pliers.
Duckett in fact, she's got kind of a needle nose, isn't she?
Yes she did.
Oh, just dripping and draw.
Drawling and dripping.
Sounds like some kind of a sexually transmitted disease.
Duckett had told police that after she finished watching a movie August 27th,
she went to check on Trent in his bedroom and all she found was an empty crib and a ten-inch cut
in the window screen above it.
Well, this sounds like John but they all over again.
That's why Nancy graces all over this like stink on Joe.
At the time she was living her son waiting through a messy divorce with a boy's father
and tentative life back on track after getting laid off from her job with a long-care company.
The boy's disappearance in this town of 19,000.
Did you look at Google Leesburg?
Huh?
About 45 miles north west of Orlando.
Okay.
See, I had to tell you because he's too lazy to Google it.
He's lazy working on the QM website.
Stretch the 75-member police force to its limits.
Flyers, see if I would have lived in Brandon, I sure know where Leesburg is.
So where is it?
45 miles north west of Orlando.
Well, that's not far from Tampa St. Peter if it's 45 miles northwest.
That's right.
Right there, man.
It's right like probably between Tampa and Lakeland.
Oh, Lakeland.
Ever been there?
Can't say that I have probably.
You know what I go there.
You know what I go there.
Man, what a bunch of yahaz, yahu, zoo, man.
Unbelievable.
In fact, they picked their nose so deep that if they had brains they'd be able to feel them.
Flyers were posted on gas station doors around town asking for information from anyone who might have seen the boy.
A brown hair, youngster wearing denim shorts and a diaper.
Trenton's father, 21-year-old Josh Duckett.
Ever see Josh Duckett?
All the time, just to sport it.
Only when Duff comes in.
It was closely questioned after the boy disappeared.
Newspapers reported that his wife had taken out a temporary restraining order again.
But Josh Duckett took a polygraph test, answered all police questions satisfactorily.
Captain Ginny Paget said on September 7th, Melinda Duckett gave a telephone interview to CNN,
and Hitler and News is graced.
A former prosecutor known for her practically cross-examining her guests for her militant aggressive obnoxious style.
Duckett stumbled over such questions as whether she had taken a polygraph.
She said she'd be fused on the advice of her divorce lawyer, and where exactly she was shopping with the boy before his disappearance.
Hours before the interview aired, Duckett shot herself Friday with a grandparent,
a grandparent, and a grandparent, and up the road from where she was living, up the road of peace.
Probably in Brandon at the mall.
You heard that Brandon has that huge malls, what I heard.
By the way, Leesburg is past Tampa in between like Tampa and Jacksonville.
It's 45 miles northwest of Orlando.
So if you drew a line from Tampa up towards Jacksonville, which would have to be kind of a, you know, it would be on that path.
Yes, I didn't say, I didn't say it's like a Tampa suburb.
You're telling me, oh, you're from Florida.
You should know Leesburg.
You hear it two-egg?
Yeah.
Okay. There's like six people in there. It's a stoplight.
There's not even a place.
It's not even like a toilet there.
It's not the point. Don't tell me because I lived in Brandon. I should know Leesburg.
Well, you sure, why are you so easy? Why won't you just relax?
Let's always give you a little therapy session during the break.
Just just forget about it. Don't care. Do like us. Don't give a crap.
We'll smoke and talk.
That's right. Smoke a big fat one and just forget about it.
Or even a slim one.
Hours before the interview aired Duckett shot herself with her grandfathers.
Been investigating the storm trying to piece together a timeline of where she and Trent were 24 hours before she reported and missing.
On Tuesday, they released the making model of her car a 2000 Mitsubishi eclipse,
and asked anyone who might have seen it during that period to call them.
Also on Tuesday, this paper reported she bought a shotgun from a pawn shop two days before Trent and vanished.
Paget said, Poli's couldn't confirm that.
See, here we go again. People would go and easily use them.
On Monday, agents used dogs and digging equipment to search an outline area that somebody called about for found nothing.
Investigators continued to field the tips.
We're following up Paget said, hopefully they'll bring in something to help us firm up the timeline.
Sounds very mysterious to me.
And by the way, speaking of mysterious things, I am not slow. Trust me when I tell you.
I just mentioned, let me just tell you one thing.
There are very few Julios in Toronto, okay?
All right.
Just remember I said that.
I'm not going to give you, I'm just going to dangle it out to you.
All right.
Dangle it in front of your finger.
Wonder if she's talking about what she's talking about.
Someday, maybe you'll find out, maybe you won't.
All right.
We'll see.
We'll see.
And the chickens come on the streets to eat more.
The Tridiot really is the thing.
This is at a Homeland Security Tom Ridge.
Advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raised the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
Woo!
Woo!
I'm dying out of here.
We've been here for 10 years too late.
Yeah, that's when things were great.
When it was President, okay, it was innocent.
But we could still see friends.
And keep us in budget.
Really had an internet.
And there was no spin yet.
Never heard about being locked.
Wall Street was always in the black.
We still care about my time.
And not about to get back.
And all that great music.
Yeah, you could take your pick.
Like it was set from Gano's phone.
No ringtone is no.
I thought, like, no racist or hoody.
That brandy was a beauty.
There was a lamb, there's more to it.
And Julius went from my love and to fucking.
We're smashing the field's tragic cash in.
But nothing quite feels right to say.
1919, 1995.
1991.
You know for real.
You know for real.
And with these, they beat the pants I've printed.
We still had some teasers.
But also there was Wizard and we had Sophie.
She's been hogging.
Yeah, she was different.
I wonder if she's through my past.
1919, 1995.
Above all three at 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday to your September 14th.
The day that'll live in infamy.
I don't know why yet, but we'll find out.
I don't know why I speak in all liars.
Remember I was supposed to get a new piece of copy for it.
It didn't happen to me Thursday.
Maybe didn't mean this Thursday.
Maybe he went to a whosookas.
They didn't tell you which Thursday did they.
He's just another B.S. artist man.
All the same.
And you know what?
I don't care.
I've said that before, but finally this time you put me over the...
You forced me over the edges.
Just like the guy who jumped back and went with his little girl.
He was at an Alcalusa.
I don't forget.
What a what a...
You know what I...
He was a cracked FB red necky place.
That's Florida, you know.
And there's a bunch of Julios that floated up from South and a bunch of Jews that came down from the North.
And that's Florida.
You know, they came to South Florida.
And then a bunch of Midwesterners on the West Coast who came there and wondered what...
What is this all about?
And then everybody else is like a redneck.
And Bible Thumpin Redneck.
Like your fan asked governor for example.
With his...
Fantastic family.
Here's a thanks from Efferman Van Rooge.
You haven't heard from Efferman while.
He says, good morning.
Sir, thought about you as I was reading an article in the LA Times.
It's a book review of the greatest story ever told to the client in fall of truth.
From my love in the Katrina by Frank Rich.
We love Frank Rich.
Read his articles all the time.
Put him on our website from the New York Times.
Right?
Right.
Like him almost as much as that rich.
And it says, here's the blur...
The blur by the book.
This is one of those occasions.
Frank Rich is that man in his new book.
The greatest story ever sold.
The client in fall of truth.
From my love in the Katrina will be a particular value to those still struggling to bring this historical moment into focus.
He also has a genuine relish for pop culture.
And as almost single handedly made the word truthiness,
first point by Comedy Central Steve and Colbert,
an indispensable political term of art.
As Rich defines the truthiness described as a situation
in which it doesn't matter whether something is true,
what matters most is whether a story can be sold is true,
preferably on television.
On television, dummy.
Forced to represent a guy against his will.
That describes precisely the story's George W. Bushness
and Silvergate's still the American people who induce them to support the war in Iraq.
And Rich lays out these evasions exaggeration now where I lies in the greatest story ever sold.
I'm going out and getting it two days.
I've got these other four books.
I'm halfway through one of them, but I'm going to go out and put it in my pile today.
I'm going to start feeding my brain.
You know what I mean?
I might actually read the whole book on here.
I don't know like that.
I'll teach him a thing or two.
Excellent.
Instead of that stupid hurray came programming we got at night.
I'll come out again at night and read the book.
Neil's book reviews.
Some of you have a book like that.
Take that, Oprah.
In fact, you know what I'm taking to?
I'll just leave the mic open here 24-7.
All right.
And every time I get all whipped up and pissed off about something,
I'm like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, like that.
What do you say?
You could make a podcast.
Yeah.
We're just a potty mouth.
I've shut the phone off for today.
You know, they're in Lala land.
It's always been this way from day one, and it's this way, even worse with this crowd.
Because if you thought that the other people weren't broadcasts, I don't know what they were broad chasers.
The other people are broadcasters.
These people, I don't know what they're chasing.
I think these people are chasing their tail.
Are you sure as hell did for about eight months.
Ah, but a beep, but a boop.
But wow, we sure can't do any worse than molding.
Yeah, well, surprise.
Oh, remember that?
Uh-huh.
In the two to four hours, can do well worse than a one.
Guess what?
Wrong again.
So you're telling me that Troy is out.
That's what you're talking about.
That's what you're talking about.
That's what you're talking about.
That's what you're talking about.
That's what you're talking about.
Right.
A whole bunch of people out.
Mm-hmm.
Maddie Bell is still there, though.
Yes, he is.
And what's his name is still there?
Ray Perry.
Right.
He was out, but now he's back in.
That's right.
Just when he thought he was out, they pulled him back in.
Ray Perry.
What does he do anyway?
He's a sales manager.
Yeah.
Hip type guy.
He's a security scuer about a disruptive passenger prompted authorities to evacuate 44 passengers
off an American Eagle flight just after landing the yesterday at Miami International Airport.
Oh, my God.
American Eagle flight 4262 departed from Nashville, a real red neki Yahoo place with a bunch of
real far-bison agglam.
And with scheduled takeoff from Miami for Charlotte, North Carolina, police said.
Well, schedule.
Well, I'm sure it already did by now, I would think.
Police earlier reported that a man had been running up and down the aisle and making wild
hand gestures while the plane.
This is not the other one we were talking about.
This is a different one.
Remember the one where the guy was like took his belt?
Right.
And wrapped it around his hand.
This is another one.
Started to come to fight.
He was running out running.
It was running up and down the aisle and making wild hand gestures while the plane was preparing
to take off for Charlotte.
Those were rumors they police spokesman Roy Rutland said.
Police received a call about a disruptive passenger.
Yeah, in Kung Fu.
And that was the guy yesterday.
I don't confuse that with this.
This is another story about another crazy guy.
Police received a call about a disruptive factor while the plane was still on the air.
But the nature of the disruption was not known.
Passionate was questioned by police and released.
All 44 passengers and three crew members were evacuated off the plane.
Police dogs checked the plane for explosives.
American Airlines spokesman said the flex in North Carolina was cancelled and referred
to calls for further information today.
Well, I probably cancelled because they only had 44 people on it.
It was in American Eagle.
Those are the puddle jumpers, right?
Right.
They went to the number like 42-62.
It's a puddle jumper.
You know, like when they closed their...
Oh, watch your feet.
We're closing the door now.
Have you ever been on one of those?
No, I can't say that I have.
No.
Just keep in a way.
If anybody suggests you like you want to go to Orlando, why don't you fly up and let
it in puddle jumpers?
Just think Lexington.
Yeah.
Just think about that airport and the puddle jumper and those 49 dead people.
By the way, I got a little new bulletin for you.
Ooh, our boy.
Troy!
He's got 790 as a sales hole and...
What a surprise.
And on Saturday from 1 to 3.
More power to you, Troy.
We like you.
We don't care if you're cross the street with those losers.
We still like you.
No way.
I like him.
I always liked Troy.
He was sometimes frustrating because he's not the brightest bulb in the pack, but nevertheless.
He's the darkest bulb in the town's apartment.
Huh?
He was the darkest bulb, yeah.
So if he asked him a question, he probably couldn't shed too much light on it.
I'm so sorry I said that.
No, I'm changing the whole show as of right this today.
Have you noticed?
No, I'm just going to go nuts for every day.
They can take this phone.
They can take this box out of here, man.
They can take it out.
It's not just those five idiots.
The callers for years are beginning worse.
See, things change.
They always do.
One of the reasons I'm still around a lot of others have come and gone and fumbled their
way through life.
And the reason I'm still here is because you have to go with the flow.
Because you know that, the thing has changed.
That's right.
And you get the feeling that I just ain't like what it used to be.
Once upon a time, it could sit down and the phones would be ringing off the hook and
to talk all these friendly, interesting, funny people.
And that's ancient history, man.
We got a good memory.
Yeah, that's 100 years ago.
Forget about that.
That's crap.
Well, let's talk to Mike and Margate.
I screw that.
You know, it's so Jesus.
I wouldn't listen to that either.
But these people now, they don't understand it.
Do you think that Clarison Ernie, he's got any concept of talk, whether you would
read it or not, is all about it?
Yeah.
And it is.
It's so funny.
You could just laugh your ass up and your kissfies could play out and laugh in so hard.
Like, he knows something about a talk show.
Yeah.
Now, there's a guy.
Let's put him back on.
Doesn't he?
We can't lose the license because we don't have one.
That's right.
We got to lose.
Nothing.
Right.
Like Bobby McGee.
Well, what the hell did he say?
Life is a piece of crap.
We didn't lose another word.
Nothing left to lose.
Except your voice.
And I guess he did, huh?
Well, he could see.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
He was really.
Well, I was just going to share it when he drew a lot of drugs.
Or then again, when you work for Fox, then you go over to MSNBC.
We're going to turn to the other.
One of the things is that we're poured out there that maybe he was dealing with depression.
That's seriously.
You cannot.
You cannot honestly say to yourself that this is really happening.
There are just few things in the history of mankind.
Like 9-11.
We just had the anniversary on Monday.
And people were watching those videos over a million times again.
The buildings are burning and they're crumbling and pan-caking.
And people are running like crazy.
And you see the planes crashing through the buildings.
You think this can't possibly be happening.
Right.
And then you turn on your TV.
If you're unlucky enough to turn on MSNBC when she happens to be on,
all too often now, because then Abrams is a moron.
And there she is.
And you're thinking, they can't really be serious about putting this person on here.
Like a news person, like a journalist person, like a, you know,
then you flip over to see an headline news and there's Nancy Grace, Fran.
Like you can do that any time of day and she's on there.
I wouldn't be surprised she's on there right now.
Let me turn over to headline news.
Karen, for the nationally co-run market.
Oh no, look at this.
It's a party about homeless home runs by her bond.
I don't come in another one.
We're close.
My team could be.
Or the netting and right for that, my friends, is ruled a ground rule double.
Bottom of the ninth, balls at the ditch now.
This time, there's no netting or this thing going on.
On the court from Bounce.
24th of the year, 732nd of his career.
23th we shy of Aaron for the all time.
732 and 700 of them were because he's on Roy.
It's because he's smear in that cream.
I don't want to get Josh up, but you know it's true.
Now you're just, you know, hardheaded.
No, I'm just honest.
That's all.
He's a full of crap.
It's an insult to the babe.
I mean, the babe was a big fat turd too, but that's only because he had all my hot dogs
and drank all that beer.
He already passed the babe, buddy.
And you're going to tell me if you're going to start with the Henry Aaron stuff, man,
it's going to be a racist thing.
Oh, who's darker?
Barry Bonzer, Henry Aaron.
Work on that a little while.
Or OJ on the cover of Time Magazine.
You know, that would be a good pull.
Who's the darkest of them all?
I say Sydney Pudgey.
You've got a pretty dark.
Pretty dark.
I'm a crazy infumus.
No, no, Wesley Sniper.
Wesley Sniper.
Darkest human being whoever.
Darkness.
Yeah.
And who's the lightest of them all?
Brian Gullsay.
I'd say Malcolm.
Yeah, Brian Cumball's pretty light.
Like we.
Colin Powell.
It's pretty light.
Oh, I'd say Malcolm.
What's his name?
Shemar Moore.
Ah, Betia.
Betia.
I know I'm a Shemar Moore.
I know you do.
You like him more.
A lot.
More than you do.
1214 at 560 WQM.
Hey, listen, we're right in the peak in the middle of the hurricane season.
I was just reading about that this morning.
Isn't the time you took the stress and worry out of last man and hurricane preparations.
Don't get caught with your shutters down.
Hurricane Shutters outlet manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and now they provide
expert installation too.
Call them at 954-237-7083 be prepared for the worst.
They feature roll downs, accordions and panels just like the hurricane shutters outlet.
Custom maker even install the shutters for you.
Call them right now.
954-237-7083.
You get on your way to top notch protection.
The hurricane shutters outlet family owned and operated their license insured and they
Browden Palm Beach counties approved.
They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your
specifications and ready for you to pick up or deliver them right to you.
And like I said, now even install them for you if you need.
The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted.
And when you call these folks your stuff by be sure and tell them that Neil's sensor and get yourself
$100 savings, $100 bucks off on a minimum order of 350 square feet.
The hurricane shutters outlet be prepared believe you may.
Call 954-237-7083 or on the wicked web just log on to hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
The biggest name of this talent on this is Neil Rogers for 20560-AM.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
The hurricane shutters outlet is a huge number of people in the world.
I'm a fat red-knit with a very John Eargab of my head.
And a photo of Douth was Nick Roolhart's day.
A little Christian boy that sits on a dope love toy and a dream of a dice with a cool,
cold, tough, and anewarcher.
I'm an anewarcher.
Oh, man, that skirt is hot.
It goes along.
She'll get fast.
I'm an anewarcher.
I'm an anewarcher.
She's back up the boat right now.
I'm with Christian culture.
That's right.
We'll make this happen.
We'll speak to you on the count.
Those I record, shoot and retract in the first case.
Oh, no.
Give it in your song, crack.
What should be left of the Bible?
What is the truth?
What is the truth?
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
That can't be no one in the blood in the death soul.
I've never seen people enjoying the abode of the blood.
The body of the soul over the mouth.
The mouth, show me some genes.
I just can't stand that.
Amen.
1072 votes on a poll today at Edmonton Show.
We will make 1100.
That's our goal today, 1073.
See, set the bar low, man.
Set the bar low.
Something or someone I don't want to hear about anymore.
No mole and para-silver man, she's got it licked.
292.
War on terror, 141.
What war on terror?
Tom Cruise, 130.
100 and how many?
30, man.
Enough with him.
Baby Surrey, 111.
George W. Bush, 108.
But unfortunately, we got there what?
Three more years, two in a quarter.
Oh, jeez.
Go rub it in.
Oh, jeez.
How can we survive?
How can a world keep spinning around?
John Mark Caron, 95.
Won't hear about him, no mole.
9172.
Well, we just, you know, Monday's gone now.
So they did all the obligatory things.
And like that kind of touched me yesterday,
giving me instructions.
Oh, don't you be reading these things on air?
And all these wild conspiracy theories.
How do you know what I mean?
How do you like that, Jack?
Ooh, yeah.
Very bonds, 30.
And you know something I'm going to say it again.
I wouldn't put anything past a group of lunatics
who would start a war and invade another country
and butcher all these people and sacrifice 3,000 American kids
because of the fact that, you know, the P-NAC people decided
that this is what, this is the game plan,
reshaping them at least and sticking the Americans
in the oil wells.
That's what it's all about.
What did I say in the beginning?
Before they even started with a first-of-rack attack,
oil, OIL, and M-O-N-A-Y.
Remember I was saying that every day?
And of course, if we had anybody with an IQ larger than their ass
listening, it would have meant something.
By the way, I just want to check it right now.
Yeah.
12.22 on Thursday, September 14th.
I have taken my last call on the show.
Wow.
I'm not farting around.
I'm not taking any more calls.
They've degenerated to a point now.
And of course, there wasn't even a period we went through.
It's like anything else in evolution.
It reaches a point where you go through different phases.
And there was a period where even some of the cranks were funny.
They're not funny anymore.
You know?
Yeah.
It's just basically that's all there is.
So when you're on, you do whatever you want.
Whatever you want.
You can do that.
You don't even have to punch the phone.
You can probably, it sounds better than what I'm hearing.
Right on my.
9-11-73, very bonds 38.
Oh, and we see how it apologized.
We just learned some pretty low number.
They want to hear about Barry.
Hey, Barry.
You're Barry.
Mohawar David had 28.
He's a pretty low on the list there.
26.
So they want to hear a lot more.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Well, turn over to 850 and you hear him on the weekend.
Not.
Don't turn over there.
I hate this poll only 25, 2.3%.
If you were like to laugh at it and do one the other day, whatever that was.
Oh, you know which one they had a lot, I hate to pull it, but who's got the best ass?
What was wrong with that?
What's wrong with ass?
Nothing.
I mean, there are some people obsessed with ass and want to do all sorts of undecided things.
Some natural things with and around and, you know, a sold natural baby.
That's no, it is not.
Sure it is.
No, it's God-infitted Adam and Saul.
Yeah.
I hate this poll 25.
Israel's speaking of Saul 22.
Saul Lipschitz.
Iraq 6.
Brad Pitt 6.
And Nancy Grayson on.
How come Brad Pitt's on the got 6?
I guess they want to hear about Brad Pitt.
Sounds like we got a big gay audience because we know we don't have any women.
Why would a bunch of guys want to hear about Brad Pitt?
They've already seen it.
And believe me, there wasn't the, you know.
Frank, I got a ballpoint pen here.
It looks pretty much the same.
Oh yeah.
You saw it.
I thought it was on the ball.
I know you stole my magazine.
I never got it back.
What?
You never saw the Brad Pitt dinging?
Yeah.
I brought the magazine in.
Yeah.
So you took it home.
I never saw it.
Yeah, I took it home.
Oh, brother.
I'm telling you.
It was a celebrity food magazine.
It had pictures of him in Quanteth, Paul Tro.
Yeah.
It was the same occasion when they were running around by the pool.
And you took it home to show some friends.
And that was the last time I saw it.
I was like, I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
I'm not going to be a fan of it.
But feel my face.
Oh wow.
Oh wow.
I'm so pale.
No, I'm not sure what he said.
I'm so pale.
I'm so pale.
When you feel this razor across your skin,
you'll know something's different.
You'll have no choice.
It all happens with three easy steps.
Apply the fusion hydrogel.
Then shape with the 25 blade fusion power extreme plus plus.
Then stop the bleeding and run to the air's blood bank
for an emergency transfusion.
I swear we'd like to try the new 25 blade fusion power stream plus plus.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, sure.
All right, here you go.
Oh, this will help lead us out.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Try the other side.
Oh my god.
You did it.
The new 25 blade fusion power extreme plus plus.
Available at CBS, right?
We're at A2N Greenfield in the Hondie Club.
And if you like the shit quadro, man,
well, if that wasn't quite good enough for you,
now there's the shit quadro titanium.
You can see that one?
Yes, I have.
Don't tell me you're using it.
I might be.
I don't know what I bought.
Oh.
Josh, don't tell me you've advanced to the shit quadro titanium now.
No, I don't use shit.
I don't think you know shit.
True, there is.
Anyway, speak of that G-Gordon leady drop.
I knew I was just, all these things are flashing and flooding back to the days when we worked like almost in real radio.
Remember that?
Yeah.
They go in like people.
No, people will come into building or even like this.
This is your ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Roger.
Yeah, things like that.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Things like things like.
I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger.
Stuff like that.
And since we got all these big shots, you know, all these guys sports celebrities and all these other people coming through the station, wouldn't it be a great idea if we had the same thing like from Pat Riley for Hank or Mad Dog or Eddie K or even for us, you know, Pat Riley's got a good sense of humor.
And he does listen to this show, by the way.
How you doing, Pat?
Get a haircut.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Or like even Nick Saban.
I mean, he was on there.
I mean, granted they butchered that thing.
They doctored that up a little bit.
That was pretty good, by the way.
Nice spot, Kenny.
I like Kenny. He's okay.
And even Bo Campworth, they just put a muzzle around him.
He's, you know, he's harmless.
In other words, these are the kinds of things.
But I just, I don't get it.
It's just, you know, not that I hear you understand.
I don't want to get you confused.
Just good, Kenny.
Yeah, don't confuse me.
I don't care.
I've got to get that serve.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Who did that?
I don't know.
I thought it was Jimmy Duranty's son.
A lot of those stuff there.
Yeah, well Jimmy Duranty, maybe it was Eddie Cantor.
I don't care.
I don't know.
I don't know.
He's bigger.
I'm sure he must have been a big Jimmy Duranty fan because all
these Inky-Dinky do things he does.
Yeah.
Inky-Dinky-Dinky do.
You know what Secretary General Kofi and and the leaders of
Middle Eastern nations believe the Rack War has been a real disaster for the region.
Absolutely correct.
His comments to reporters yesterday came after a two-week trip through the Middle East.
And on a day when separate bomb attacks killed at least 22 people in Baghdad.
Honestly, most of the leaders I spoke to felt the invasion of Iraq and its aftermath has been a real disaster for them.
He said they believe it is destabilized the region.
He went on to describe two schools of thought.
Those who believe the West should stay, having created the problem they can't walk away.
And those especially in Iran who believe the presence of the West is a problem.
Just then being there.
Well, that's Iran, of course.
It's okay for them to be there.
But Anaset, in his opinion that the U.S. has found itself in a position where it cannot stay and cannot leave.
In other words, kind of a catch 28.
Catch 87.
There's stuff between a crack in a hard place.
And Wednesday's violence erodes the way we know that.
How we head that on.
All this about the bodies over here and bodies over there and the other.
This, the year's second highest monthly total of bodies arrived at Baghdad's more in August or Iraqi authorities say.
But the figures do not include people killed by bombs or other massive attacks.
About 1500 bodies were delivered at Baghdad's more last month, according to figures provided by an Iraqi health ministry official on candidates.
A condition of anonymity.
Because he values his life.
And he probably got a beard.
The figure is second-quality July total of 1850 bodies.
We're a kick and ass baby.
And of course, two more.
Let's see the number of deaths.
Oh, look at that.
2006-666 U.S. troops.
Two, six, six, six.
I think the Lord is about to smote somebody for his own.
He's had it with his birthcrap.
He's going to smote and smite.
Here's a fact that says I saw an article about Air America mentioned sheep channels conducting an Asian-wide search.
For a new progressive talk, your host, would you consider yourself a nomination?
No.
I wouldn't work for a cheetah.
It's bad enough I work for these great rappers.
These schlock-mixers, okay?
Schlocky Joe.
And then the last thing.
It said you would be great although hope you won't suffer from the Phil Henry effect.
His show started as suck once he went to the national.
At the very least, you should simultaneously show on satellite to get more exposure.
Even that hack-todd smit is now an XM.
The XM don't want me.
They've got too many truck drivers.
They've got too many stories.
Serious, stern-wanted me on air.
Then they didn't.
Normal blew that down the toilet.
Actually it was the bees that blew down the toilet with that four-myers thing.
Remember that?
Yeah.
The Christian off and he told them, okay, you're not paying us so we're not going to be on your station anymore.
And that was the last we ever heard from them.
He had their guy contact me, remember that?
Very briefly.
And it looked like this something might happen and didn't.
The article also said, Frank can had a base salary of $2 million which blew my mind when you consider how bad his show is.
Not now, Frank, even without Catherine Lampher.
I guess it is mooted.
They don't pay anyway.
Randy Rhodes should be lucky if Jay-in don't give us a real job back.
It says Randy.
Wow!
She's a star now.
She's writing a line of notes on the back of books.
That's right.
Yeah, right there when Noam Chomsky and Randy Rhodes, man, what a match-up.
There's a website called thedirtmyemmy.com which is report.
Oh, and you'll never guess who was on yesterday.
Oh my god.
Let me give you a little clue.
Okay.
On what?
Just a minute.
On TV.
If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now and kick your teeth in.
I'll explain it.
Alex Bennett.
Alex Bennett.
He didn't look a day over 100.
He was on, and one of the talking head channels debating some crap on a simple political crap.
He didn't look a day over 300.
And he was right there on television.
I remember how he used to say that, television.
He was such a wimpy nerd.
And he drove a meyada.
Which there was nothing wrong with the car, but just the way he said it.
A meyada.
Oh god.
He's what's wrong with the Democratic Party.
People like him and Julie Bern.
Not that Julie Bern's a Democrat no more.
Oh, and by the way, I got, you're going to be very angry when I get to the next thing here.
But I'll save it.
Raid the break.
You know how you hate craft?
I do.
Well, I got another company.
You're going to hate even worse.
Okay.
Anyways, there's a website called thedirtmyemmy.com which was reporting that Simon Kowl through a fit
when his black amix was denied at the CVS pharmacy on Lincoln Road last Monday.
And it was screaming at the cashier.
What is a black amix?
I don't know, but you're going to ask you.
I don't know.
I got all the other gold and green and there's a blue one.
Anyways, as mysteriously as they were removed from the website, I bet they were threatening legal action if he didn't have the car.
First, they stood up to him.
How do you like that?
Simon Kowl.
Who cares about Simon Kowl?
First, this guy is telling me how to be on syndicated national.
They started to start to start to answer about Simon Kowl.
See that?
Man.
Who's more important?
Colin Powell or Simon Kowl?
Both of which affect my vow.
Believe me, bad.
And not an opposite way there.
We got 1100 votes yet or what?
I just mentioned 1124.
We'll make 1200 easy to do that.
It's 1242.
We got the mad dog.
It's 2 the power hour.
Hank and the mad dog.
4 to 5.
And a Humpr solo.
5 to 7.
Two solid hours.
They're practically a little bit of that class we've heard.
And then you got that hurricane crap 7 to 10.
I guess we have to do that because we got the games on here.
Now, who they find this way?
Josh says they might get beat by a Louisville.
It's a good possibility.
Good.
Excellent.
I hope they get beat like 117 to nothing.
It would be great.
What?
You know why I say that, don't you?
I do.
It's not an arachite s**tting blow.
That's why.
And then the dauffins play the bills.
Now, the bills are going to be really smarting from Bloeneck
into the Patriots last week when they had a nice 17 to 17
lead in the third quarter.
And they got to a lot of tape.
And then they also had first in goal,
on the inside of the 10 year online.
Remember that?
Yep.
With 17 to 70 ahead of chance to put us away, baby.
It was curtains.
I thought, oh boy.
Woe is us.
Woe is us.
And then allegedly they stopped them on the 70 year online.
And then what tells you the running back of the name?
um... with us for gay
mcgay he yeah
from offalo he said i thought was third down
it's for one they go for it
and uh... i guess is knee went down before he got he you know because you
actually got the ball over there
where was
but it was you know he is knee went down first
and so he was short and didn't make it and the ball goes over the paper to
then drive down the field for a touch down
and he said i thought it was third down
well you know
yeah who the hell can count that high
the biggest name so best talent for this is wheel rogers
for radio five six
uh...
that was funny
up the bite the bite the bite
what was it
did i get
rectum
gellby
gellby
talking on a sports show
trying to be my show
your voice sounds just like
a sad thing here
a little sports
what else are you there for
gellby
gellby
talking like a baby
you need a little draining
like that you'll understand
you don't sound like a man
remove the rubber bands
that choke
your throat come
gellby
gellby
gellby
gellby
your lovely management don't care
gellby
you don't belong there on the air
and gellby
sacked the sports can't wait till your voice cracks
cause anyone who sounds like that
you'll find another job
absolutely
and they should only take you back when both your baby's dropped
gellby
gellby
when you're gonna grow up
you make that you want to grow up
you still a squeaky fool
go to broadcasting school
your fridge you better play
make you sound like a hot
you're a hot
you're a hot
you're a hot
okay you ask for it and believe you may know listen very carefully
you'll have to do this again
all right
one moment please
up to bite the bite the bite the bite
how are you doing that
what are you doing that
what do you mean how am I doing that
only what's machine are you playing that from which machine
it's a good machine mind
fact I could do a whole bunch of them here
up to bite the bite the bite the bite the bite the bite the bite
see because the trip he was like
oh ex Ning so it's tripping in before you finish
His salmon on saying
Schtek
clikram
machu
apis
struck
mucky
pequen
you
know where that is
is Josh.
Well, no, I mean, it's nowhere near Leesburg.
Is it anywhere near Newport, Richie?
New-Port Richie.
Well, there's Newport Richie and there's this
Port Richie, I guess.
I don't know.
It's all about your red necks, man.
And any one of these towns is red necks.
Although I hear they have a fantastic mall in Brandon.
The mother, like I'm supposed to know that,
and he gets all indicted about it.
So third biggest mall in the country, who cares, you know?
Life is more than a stupid shopping mall, yeah?
Like the guy that called me a few months ago.
That's the thing that's not the problem.
He's there, a sicker.
Listen to me.
Right.
The guy calls me a few months ago.
He says, oh, when I was talking about the downtown Miami
and nobody wants to go there, would say still don't.
And he's giving me the solid evidence.
And remember, he sent me the facts first.
And then he's giving me a lecture about, oh,
there's going to, oh, no, it was out of facts.
It was going to be a big shopping huge mall down there,
bigger than they eat in the center in Toronto.
Well, I'm supposed to be impressed by the size of the mall.
What was that guy to do with it?
I'm sure that Westland in Detroit is bigger than the
eat in the center too.
Does that make it Detroit a desirable place to live?
No.
Of course not.
You know, life based on shopping malls like people say,
well, you know, is there any good talk radio there
in Rochester?
Yeah.
Come on.
Get a life when you please.
I have no life.
Jesus.
I mean, if this is the barometer that your life is based on,
I would end it now.
It makes some room for somebody else.
Speaking of that, the mother of a newborn baby girl
found dead in the trash can turned herself into the
the face charges of second-degree murder.
Christine Michelle Jameson, 29 of Hudson.
And I never heard of that.
Works with the target in Port Richie where employees found
the body Monday in a clear plastic trash bag in an
employee restroom trash can.
Oh, my goodness.
You're supposed to use it opaque bag for disposing a baby.
That's always a better idea.
A clear plastic trash bag.
The cause of death hasn't been determined, but detectives
believe the baby was alive when it was born.
According to Sheriff's spokesman Kevin Dahl,
the medical examiner determined and had Aaron,
and it's Lung's doll, said.
Target manager sent detectives to Jim.
It's going to have been sent home because she looked sick.
She did have a baby while at Target, the
arrest report said she agreed to go to a local hospital for
treatment.
The home phone number listed on her arrest report was
disconnected.
I'm clear she had a lawyer yet.
The baby was at least the third newborn to be found in
abandoned, found abandoned and dead in the tenth of
the area this year.
But actually the other two were in branded.
Now probably one was in Loots.
Yeah.
And the other one was probably like in water.
Or some of the red.
Branding could be a bar bar toe.
Mm hmm.
Dunedin.
Now barsto is in California.
Bartos in Florida.
Right.
See actually learn some crap already here.
Right.
That's.
Yeah.
Now this is the thing that's going to get you very unhappy.
All right.
Well, let me ask you first.
What do you think of Google?
I I'm so I like it.
I guess I love it.
I used to.
I.
Google is searching, but that's all.
Google is eager to work with the Republican Party and
has boosted its presence in Washington, D.C.
According to a roll call by way of raw story.
Google, one of the fastest growing companies in Silicon Valley is
ramping up its political clout in D.C.
While taking a series of steps to court Republicans reports
Torrey Numire and Paul Cain for roll call.
The company is filing paperwork today to open its first ever
political action committee.
And later this month it will make an endangered GOP incumbent.
The beneficiary of its first ever Washington fundraiser.
Oh, well, a search engine giant this month also deepened its
size to Republicans by sinking a deal with former GOP
senators Dan Cotson in the end are real jackass and even a
worst jackass Connie Maca Florida to lobby on its behalf.
I got news for Connie Mac if his daddy wasn't in his grand
daddy wasn't Connie Mac the baseball genius and nobody
whatever even they got four votes even with fixed machines.
Connie Mac Myass.
But he would or Macon on Jesus now on Wednesday the company
with tech net will co-host its first ever Washington fundraiser
on behalf of representative Heather Wilson to Mexico one of
the most endangered GOP incumbents and a supporter of Google's
position on net neutrality the key internet regulatory issue
that got Google entangled with the phone and cable companies
eBay the online auction companies also all co-host.
How do you like that?
Not that there's any you know cronyism involved there but like
any you know got my hand and was scrubbing your hand.
The company's pack officially known as Google that pack is
filing its paperwork of the FEC today.
In another side of an effort to corporate political balance
Google pack Google net pack is retained Ben Ginsburg.
Now there is one of the most obnoxious people on the face of
the earth have ever seen him.
Yeah.
Oh God.
Hey, look at him with his red face in his beard.
Oh, he's got a beard.
Just don't know me.
Google net has retained Ben Ginsburg the top political lawyer
at patent box and one time counsel both which which
handy 2000 and which any 2000 for Ginsburg serving as an
outside advisor to the pack ensuring that it hears to
campaign finance laws.
He's a self hating right wing Jew is what he has been Ginsburg.
God advisor to the company say the pack like they will become
a key to funding money and GOP lawmakers.
Given the democratic leanings of its donor employees.
And enough to make you want to get on your hands and
easing just a vomit and puke your guts out.
Yeah, you could have baby.
Christ, but you know something I'm still going to be
Googling it.
Yeah, 1148 votes we got 1200 licks infected by the push
did we get a made 1300 again but I don't want to do that.
You know, you push it too much and you can wear it out.
In fact, that's the next story here about that former
teacher which you didn't even know about any guess where
that was to about the sex with the kid Florida Tampa.
Where in Florida, baby Tampa.
There you go.
The biggest day of the challenge is the wheel Rogers
force radio 560.
You a.
The one to do our.
I'm not telling you.
You must be jealous.
Oh, they just make me a fella.
Hey, no need for yelling.
Let me get my supervisor.
Ellen.
Sir, are you jealous or your question is coming down and
let's see what the dogs are smelling.
They are down.
Challenge.
Oh, you caught me your infidels.
Let's go and get more.
You'll be dwelling.
Hey, don't tell Joyce that it's well and so good.
I've said about it.
Yes, you will.
One or two minutes after when we got mad dog coming up very
soon.
Oh, right.
We're clock.
Former teacher sex with people really bad choice.
She says Tampa.
Really bad choice.
Yeah.
Now what he thought a former middle school teacher serving
house arrest for having sex with a 14 year old pupil.
Sitting at television interview that she was deeply
troubled at the time and crossed the line that you'd never
been crossed.
Deborah LaFave 25.
Blonde.
She looks like one's bad picture.
I guess she looks not bad but just old.
OK, 50.
Well, she's been through a hell of a lot.
You know, that's all right.
I'll suit her pain.
Deborah LaFave 25.
You've seen her.
I guess a lot.
She's no, well, what's your name?
The weather lady on Channel 7.
The Filipino lady.
Which higher?
Exactly.
I don't know what that's all about.
It's just bad eyesight.
I guess.
I mean, she has no big boobs.
She got big boobs.
Yes.
Not as big as Miss Kamalo.
Deborah LaFave 25.
We became a template sensation after her arrest in 2004.
Also acknowledges that her victim might have a hard time
trusting women one day.
I'm sure he has to be living with the girl to quote on the
quote, writing me out according to transcripts of the
interview with Matt Lauer released by NBC this week.
The interview was to air today on the Tadejo.
So I guess we missed it and on date line NBC.
So that'll be on the night.
Oh, I got to see that.
Not got to see that.
You'll be watching it.
Because Debbie will be on there.
Debbie LaFave.
Yeah, you'll be watching whatever.
She's apologized and said bipolar to sort of contribute
to her state of mind at the time.
She's by too.
All right.
I like her more already.
Never thought she was really committing rape when she
had sex with the teen, but now realizes she made a really,
really, really bad choice.
There's three release in there.
That's right.
Almost as many as those guilty.
Brutor have been having sex with me.
She acknowledges that the case got so much attention
when similar cases get a little bit or none because
she's attractive sex cells.
She said very profound sweetheart.
Very profound.
LaFave said she has a difficult time thinking of herself
as a sexual predator as she is now classified under
Florida law.
She's 25.
It was 14.
I was kind, hard and personal love.
Children would never do anything to break the law.
She said I was a good person and now everything is just
changed.
So it's just really hard for me to accept that.
Even though it is a bad choice, but you know,
she got caught with his panties down.
I guess I'm like that.
Not good.
Not good sweetheart.
Oh, President Bush met today with a South Korean president.
So that our professionals will feel comfortable about
going forward with the program.
There you go, but a beep, but a loop.
And the best part of it is the South Korean president
who speaks no English spoke better English than your
president.
1163 on a voltmeter.
By the way, the valuable people are working on the
vote telling by the end of the show.
There'll be 10,000.
Gathersburg, Maryland.
Well, thank God we got a story from some place besides Florida.
But we've been for it.
It's an intensive day.
How do you like that fix that takes her?
She has a baby in target.
And she puts it in a clear plastic bag and sure that
in the trash.
I thought it was Walmart target.
OK, when you stop, I'm still going to shop.
You are relentless man.
You like target.
You hate Walmart.
It's the right way you place this vision or this broad.
Hey, she is just those kinds of things usually happen.
She was at target.
There's plenty of red next that go to target.
OK, there are plenty of trailer trash, sloppy, whatever,
that go to I don't know what she looks like.
They can't swing target.
She has.
She did it in target.
All right.
And she put the she put the baby in a plastic bag.
Well, at least you put it in a clear plastic bag so somebody could see it.
Yeah, that's a good place.
Yeah, I guess they didn't see it in time.
But a Maryland substitute teacher was arrested after an alleged anti-Islamic
tirade in front of high school students.
You see that?
Don't be doing such crap.
OK.
Carol Joan McVey.
I wonder if she was kin to Howard McVey, the driver at the Hazel Park.
And he had a daughter who was a driver too.
I figured what her name is.
Gail McVey.
Well, what a what a memory.
Jesus for stuff that nobody has any idea what it is.
I don't care.
Carol Joan McVey 49 was charged with resisting arrest,
passing disorderly conduct and disturbing the peace.
Police said McVey became upset when she heard some students
at Gatorsburg High School who were being assisted by another teacher practicing
a speech and using some Arabic words.
Uh oh, not a good sign.
The Washington Post said she reacted after hearing the group
utter an Islamic gring of peace.
Now what is it that they say?
What the Arabs?
Yeah.
Is Al-Al-Al-Aqim?
That's it.
OK.
I knew you knew it.
Char- Char- Char-
I don't know that from Arabs though.
I know that from the brothers, you know?
Yo, yo, yo.
When I say that too, that's because they're all Muslims now.
So they can put in the M-
They are.
They just like to say that.
Like an Amp for me.
That's Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-
Charging documents.
Amp for me.
Alleged McVey shouted.
Islam doesn't mean peace.
It means kill killing everyone for peace.
And because of you, our families died in New York.
I see.
It's not known if anyone who heard the alleged remarks
is Muslim.
Authority said McVey went to the school to the Orphids
to express their displeasure about the speech
and the assisting teacher.
And was told by the principal that her services were
no longer needed at the school.
How do you like that?
Of course, she was a substitute teacher.
Don't make waves on it.
One thing in a school is, baby, do not make any waves.
Just mind your own business.
Keep your nose clean.
Pick it a lot.
That's right.
Police said she refused to leave with the school
and from the school by the education facilities or officer.
While being escorted from the building,
she allegedly yelled at a Hispanic teacher
about the inappropriateness of speaking the students
in languages other than English.
How do you like that?
Oh, boy.
She said something like Kasa Huis.
Once the substitute teacher was outside,
police said she tried to re-enter the school
and the school's educational facilities officer
attempted to place her under arrest.
But she resisted and an additional officer
was called into assist to assist her ass.
Police said McVey was released in her own retugnaissance.
How do you like that?
And alleged anti-Islamic tirade in front of her high school students.
Charging documents to let she shouted,
Islam doesn't mean peace.
It means killing everyone for peace.
And because of you, our family's died in New York.
Well, I would have fried her ass for that.
Kind of a bitch's ass.
You know, supposedly we're supposed to sympathize with her.
Crazy bitch.
These are the kind of people that are polluting your kids' minds, baby.
Bring all these people off the streets.
All these lunatics.
Poor Parasol, man.
She's she takes so much crap from you.
People in deserve to be so, by the way.
She's a nasty thing.
Yes, she is.
Why?
Oh, a skanky.
And colder is skanky.
Parasol, there's way beyond that.
Something or someone I don't want to hear anymore about.
Parasol, three 25.
How about and colder?
She did go on good on this poll.
Please.
Thanks.
You gave her everything else a big handy crap.
I put her on there right now, and colder.
You'll see she'll go zooming up there.
You'll see.
Don't believe me.
Do you?
I believe it.
Parasol, three 25.
The war on terror, 151.
It's bad.
When does it start?
By the way, when do we start with the war on terror after we're invading all these killing
all these innocent people who had nothing to do with it?
Tom Cruise 143, baby Surrey 117, George W. Bush 114.
Oh, I see.
It does make sense though.
If you're going to invade Iraq and there weren't like a lot of terrorist groups in it, make
sure that you want to put a lot of them in their afterward.
So then you can say, see, it's a bastion of terrorism.
They're in Iraq and Al Qaeda's in there and all these other terrorist groups.
They weren't there before, but we paid the way.
George W. Bush being about 115, enough with him.
John Mark Car 105, 911, 79.
Barry Barnes only 41.
They love Barry.
We love you Barry.
You smear that ass.
You know, he smear in it.
Mohawar David, who used to pick, well, 31, single buries.
You know, some people they pick strawberries in the fields.
Right.
Like that bit we got strawberry fields forever.
Yes, he does.
Other people pick single buries.
I hate this total 27, 2.2% Israel 22 votes.
Oy!
Enough with that already, okay?
And quit the with the cluster bombs.
Iraq 7, Nancy Gray 6 and Brad Pitt only 6.
He's on the bottom with Nancy Gray.
They're bottom feeding.
See, we could have made the 1300 day if we really pushed it.
But you all have 12 something, you know, comfortably,
comfortable 1200 is fine with me.
When you say, right, no, especially on a Thursday.
And tomorrow we're going to like push heavy duty.
One 10,000 votes.
Doug Thompson writes, do I do read to Doug Thompson?
Conor, do I want to like do the break first?
I guess I better do the break.
But there's a little tease for you.
It's the system stupid.
He's doing a column every day.
He nods, Doug Thompson on capital to hill blue dot com.
And he don't pull any punches, man.
He like the last couple of minutes.
This one's okay.
Not as good as the other one.
It's a little bit too cerebral.
But the last two where he just ripped,
bush and rum strilled an ass.
I mean, just ripped and tore and shredded.
It was sweet.
It was beautiful.
When you say, I would say I'd say Doug Thompson for emperor.
Although I'd rather say, have you looked at that picture
that Josh Kortisset you?
Of what?
Of one of our favorite people.
One moment, please.
It's in hot man.
That's right.
I like what we do this live on the air.
Do what?
When you see a funny picture for the first time.
Then we get the cap to you.
Oh, funny picture.
I mean, just like a naked picture of some.
Yeah, sometimes it's going to be funny too.
Okay, loading.
Learning here we go to messages.
The other one says, oh, you just want 100 million dollars.
I don't have it.
Uh oh.
There you go.
I've got campaign.com.
I got a Phillips voice newsletter.
I have nothing from Josh.
Hmm.
Maybe I should resend it.
See, I'm having these problems.
Like Joe Bell alleges that he sent me one of the day
which I never showed up.
And Josh just sent me one and it's still in there.
How long ago did you send it?
Like half hour?
It was not there.
I think he must have sent it to Yahoo.
No, I'm looking at it.
I sent it there.
You're looking at it?
Yep.
I'm really sending it.
Huh?
I'm sending it.
Resend it during the break.
Hey, lucky you said, don't let's see what I'm here
because it kills them good times.
The biggest name.
So best talent for this is for you Roger.
For 20560.
You A M.
Save that stuff.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
I have to send it to Yahoo strip.
We're going to propose that some issues.
And wrap the shake it up and sit.
We'll make a leader count the power of all.
And have a nine, four and a nine.
7, 7, Yahoo strip.
7, 7, Yahoo strip.
7, 7, Yahoo strip.
We're destroying these annoying.
Or this enough for Captain Boyle.
Please.
Or God, they're annoying at hot time.
Boys will never see eyes in flight.
7, 7, 9, just strip.
7, 7, 9, just strip.
7, 7, 9, just strip.
On 18 at 5, 60 WQAM Happy Thursday September 14.
If you're waiting for phone calls, you won't hear my
news show.
Not what I'm on.
In fact, that's all I'm more reason they can sell
away waiting for your.
You don't have to.
Rare treat.
Oh, yeah, occasions.
And at summertime, let's let's speed the clock up.
Yeah, let's look if they count or move along and make it
like the end of May.
Oh, that's just pretend we did all these months.
President Bush made a rare visit to Capitol Hill today
as key Republican senators who oppose the
administration's military tribunal plan for suspected
terrorist gained a powerful ally.
Guess what was you mentioned before like
completed colon Powell.
That's it.
The president's former secretary of state and led it or
one of the major opponents of Bush's plan Republican
Senator John McCain of Arizona former secretary of state
Roland colon policy.
He opposed the part of the proposal that would amend the
interpretation of article three of the Geneva conventions.
The White House and the Senate's EOP leadership are
at odds with the came and senators Lindsey Graham,
a South Carolina and John Warner Virginia chairman of the
armed services committee over the administration's
tribunal plan.
Powell said the world is beginning to doubt the moral
basis of our fight against terrorism.
He wrote in the letter of the Senate to McCain who's
amendment last year opposed the use of torture to redefine
comment article three would add to those doubts further
more.
It would put our own troops at risk.
He said and the sweetest part of this of all of this is
Powell's letter surface while Bush was having a morning
meeting with Republican lawmakers for lobby for the
tribunal plan.
So maybe cold is probably like a rebuild a little bit of
credibility after selling the world out holding up that
violence you went and reading that speech that he said
first he wasn't going to read about Sodom and those weapons
of mass destruction and yoddy yoddy yoddy and leading all
these people to their ultimate death.
You know, how does that feel?
Socks is pushing.
Love it.
I read 94 votes.
We got a chance in 1250.
What do you say?
We can do it.
In fact, if we look up WGVA, I think I'll have was 1250
1260 1240 on the dawn next Geneva.
Is not what they drafted the Geneva Convention Geneva
New York, baby WGVA.
What a place.
It's the system stupid right Stug Thompson on Capitol Hill
Blue dot com Georgia's very favorite website next
to our story.
What next to Neil Rogers dot com and next to WQM dot com
which Josh Cortez is trying to rehabilitate.
It's fantastic.
Doc Thompson says America's in free fall and failed nation
led by failed leaders with failed ideas serving a
limbing like populace that views failure as an
acceptable alternative.
Today's America is flawed in so many ways that analysis
of the complex events that led us to the precipice is
difficult at best.
How did we get here?
Can we save once what was once a great country built
upon noble notions of freedom is redemption possible
or even desirable?
It's easy to point blame at George W. Bush.
He's a monumental failure as a president a serial liar
who led this nation to a war that cannot be won.
He and those who both serve and advise him systematically
dismantled the Constitution,
traveled the freedoms upon which that hallowed document
is based and destroyed a democratic republic
that has stood the test of time bad leaders and assault
from more than two centuries.
Bush however capitalized on the system of government
that's been failing for decades,
season opportunity made possible by never increasing
federal bureaucracy,
rampaging government waste and corruption and constant
unrelenting assaults upon our individual freedoms
and rights by playing farts sounds.
Republicans took over control of Congress in the 1994
midterm elections by nationalizing the debate over
abuse of federal authority and promising through a
propaganda milestone called the contract with America
to reduce the size and rule of government,
rid the system of poor plural politics
and do away with self-serving political interest
that controlled Washington,
whereas Chris Matthews would say,
politics.
Instead the power size and cost of government
is grown as never before under the Republican leadership
of Congress and along with it the power of special interest groups
who pay the bills for multi-million dollar election campaigns.
Over the last 12 years at GOP led Congress past budget
fusting budget bills,
leading with pork and subsurrient to the power brokers
who prowl halls of government like Mafia Bagman
passing out favors to those who deliver the goods.
At Betjamel Gibson's lab they loaded up with pork.
The Republican sold American to the special interest
who interned poor money in the campaign coffers
that have in effect allowed the GOP to buy elections
by overwhelming opponents with far less financing.
We saw the power of money this weekend Rhode Island
where a multi-million dollar GOP voter turnout
effort turned the time for Senator Lincoln Chafee
or as Chris Matthews would say,
link.
I thought link was on the mod squad.
Still is.
Such success has its cost and the bill for this comes
from a devil called corruption.
Republicans sold their souls to that devil a long time ago
in a bid to take and then keep control of Congress.
The scandals that brought down Republican power lobbyist
Jack Abramoff and class GOP office owners
like Tom DeLay and Duke Cunningham their job
is part of a much larger scandal of how money
and power corrupt politics for that of its power
to its but that investigation is still
in the justice department controlled by the Bush administration
and the promise of real campaign reform lies buried
under a mountain of broken promises on Capitol Hill.
While the Republicans turned corruption into an art form
they didn't invent it.
Congress was a corrupt old boy network before the GOP
marched into leadership offices after the 94 elections.
Democrats played favors and owed their souls
to the power brokers of organized labor
and other special interest groups.
Saddy political operatives like Congressman Tony Cuello
taught Democrats how to sell votes to big business
and exchange for fat contributions
from political action committees.
Cuello quick congressman had questioned about
his own financial statements and later resigned
as the chairman of Al Gore's presidential campaign
because of adjusted to buy an investigation
into even more shady deals.
Republicans have duet cutting and Democrats have
William Jefferson when the Democrats control Congress
ways and means chairman Dan Rustin Kowski went to deal
from his using his congressional office funds.
He followed a long line Democratic chairman to fall
from grace.
Remember Wayne Hayes or Wilbur Mills of Arkansas?
Political corruption goes back to the beginnings
of the Republic George Washington face charges
selling favors to the special interests of his day.
The term lobby is coming from the favor seekers
who used to have in the lobby of the Willard Hotel
in Washington and wait for a drunken president US grant
to emerge from the bar so they could bribe him
and to sing things their way.
Remember US grant?
To do.
He was probably the worst American president ever
up until present.
There's no doubt that the current president of the US
and leadership of Congress must go.
They have individually and collectively abused
the public trust and abandoned the Constitution
they swore to uphold.
The very survival of the Republic may depend on what
voters do in the November midterm elections
and again in 2008 yet I'm not convinced they're
replacing one set of politicians and with another
can fix the problems that face America.
All we really do is kick out one group of bought
and sold political hacks and put another set in their place.
Nancy Pelosi is a politician for sale just like
Danny Hasdard who butchered the national anthem the other day.
She has she just has different owners.
None of the corrupt votes for sale.
The highest bidder elected officials believe they
owe anything to average Americans.
George W Bush's failed war in Iraq.
Maybe the central issue of this election.
But the problems that infect our body.
Politico much much deeper the core of their
government is rotting and corrupt and may take
more drastic action than just angry voters
at the ballot box to rid the system of a cancer
that threatens this country.
Bill Clinton served terms in office because he beat
the current president's dad a failed president and
the best Republicans could muster against him in 1996
God forbid was Bob Dole Clinton was hardly a
shining example of political or moral leadership.
He abused the powers of his office and doubting
with an intern when he should have been tending to
business several members of his administration went to jail
and he lost his law license for long under road.
Bush to get to terms because the best that
Democrats could come up with were Al Gore and John Kerry.
The final chapter of Bush's presidency is not yet
written but it won't be pretty or complimentary.
His many failures will serve future courses of
political science on the cost of failed leadership.
Would Gore have been any better?
We'll never know but given his like last year political
career today and his own ethical problems with fundraising
as senator and vice president I doubt it when you look
at the choices we faced on the presidential ballots
in modern times.
You have to question the political system and laws
such people to rise to the top when fail
flawed candidates are the only choices on you get
as a failed flawed president for 2008.
The picture doesn't look much better.
Our choices may be between Hillary Clinton and John McCain.
There's a sign post up ahead and it says next stop
the Twilight Zone says that Thompson.
I know if I would have been on the ball I could have read that
and then be like like that but I'm not on the ball.
Not a sharp as a muscle ball.
And you know evolving into this into this whole new deal
of my life started like son after said you know like
corrupt Frank Sinai we're going to do it my way man.
Screw all this other crap all the chaserae screw him.
You know what I don't from 110 votes 1210 that's WC you
and Philadelphia baby one of America's stations.
I looked at all that I used to listen to one at they have hockey
games and there's something or basketball games all the day
man WCKY Louisville Kentucky I was speaking of Louisville
going to kick their hurricanes as this week.
What what day is that game Saturday?
Yes Saturday 330 330.
Well when is the one is a tailgate started?
I think it starts tomorrow on it about 945.
We love their Hurricanes.
They really suck I think it starts 955 tomorrow morning.
Hurricane tailgate party.
That's a good idea.
Well look how well it worked out the first time I lost.
They lost an F.S. in you and it will body about speaking of red.
Next now they're not going to have a recovery curse down here.
Man down there.
Yeah.
Hurricanes lose their season opener to FSU to the much hated
and dreaded FSU in a game that had like offense from hell.
Couldn't complain about the offense in that game because
it wasn't any and then the dolphins of all things just want to
look like they might actually have a shot in there.
Two bad interceptions there in the fourth quarter by Danny's calls peppers.
And what's what's going to happen when he goes down you know
because he's always injured.
He's one of those guys that's perpetually injured.
If it's not the knee it's the right to bump them
especially with this offensive line.
Oh yeah with this offensive lineman is going to be pretty offensive.
And so what's going to happen with Joey Harrington.
Joey Heatherton goes in there.
Well I've said two of their sectors.
It'll be both.
And instead of having like a picture named Annabelle.
We're going to have like Joey Heatherton a quarter by.
The biggest name so the challenge to this is the
rock saw which radio 560 is you.
Hey, and the doctor that perform the surgery on J.
Feb.
The stump didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay.
Um, the doctor who performed the surgery.
Let's think about that.
What's his name?
Klein.
Feb.
Doctor.
Yeah.
I don't know who you use.
Do you use George Colwell?
I'm not sure.
I don't know where you're going.
Doctor anything?
I'm not sure where you went.
Did you go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
Not sure.
Well bottom line is that the doctors can't tell how long Jason will be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks.
Somewhere in there.
Wally and Louis will join QM.
This here a meatner.
A homos will come to order.
Get some out.
Get homos.
Shut up.
Get more on.
I call that the name hollows because when I say goes.
I'll see.
And is your exhausted leader a homos?
Not out of an eye.
Most say that.
Pumos.
Officially does not recognize.
It's real.
What do you mean?
It's right over there.
I'm very sorry, but I do not recognize it.
But you're keen at the floor.
It's right there.
Nope.
That I do not recognize.
Hey.
Right here.
Look at that mask.
Right here.
That's not my face.
Look.
There's a lady in the water.
Where?
Where?
That lady in the water.
Get closer.
Get me looking that mask.
That's not my face.
I can see here.
You're the one that's flying.
That's not my face.
You know I did get it.
There's been techers.
They said it's best.
No, not a fuss.
They got a drop in the tuba.
For that guy no longer.
Recorded.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's real nice.
That's the story.
It's real nice.
There's four of us.
What's that?
Is that a bad national?
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go for it!
You are my god.
No problem.
See?
They're a little er often today.
To deal with-
102 votes.
102 up there.
OK, you know what?
the hair piece. That's just a beauty in it. I haven't played that often enough. I forgot
how funny that was. The long pause, you know, counting one, two, hit the delay three.
Oh, yeah. Didn't work. Foss brought the shrimp at the Velley seafood counter to Sacramento
area, Winco grocery store. He cooked the shrimp on the barbie, stewed or lower the tritip.
After what is a tritip? I can only assume it's a fork with three prongs. Yeah. I'm done.
Oh, after you pull the meat from the shrimp, oh, I see. Like I'm like, I'm like, I'm
scared. You know, you put like onion and pepper and meat in the shrimp like a shake. After you
pull the meat from the shrimp, he loves the shashank. He tossed the tail onto a plate and
didn't think much of it. Then he looked again and saw what he says is the face of Jesus
Craig. He's back at him. Maybe he's just Rick Riley going back at you. Foss is going
through an acid divorce and I can't even begin to imagine why. Said that when he saw the
face, he felt relieved from all the stress. There was a sense of calm that I never experienced
before. Oh, right. Oh my God. He's makin' on Jesus again. I've heard about people receiving
signs, but I've never known anyone who experienced it myself until now. He said, whether or
believe it or not, Foss, they just hope this shrimp tail brings a sense of hope and smile
wherever one's face. Foss still has the so-called holy shrimp. He put them to freezer, hasn't
decided what he's going to do with it. But I bet you'd die if you'd know how he winds
up selling it out of eBay. Wouldn't you? Right along with that cheese sandwich. Hey, if
there's more on it, listen. Wouldn't you look to have a shrimp with Jesus on it? Sure. Who
wouldn't? That's got a listing here of other Jesus image sightings. Jesus rocked
through us hundreds of pilgrims. Sell or see Jesus in sheet metal. Couple says fish bones
bear Jesus image. Pictures of shower Jesus. Sister see image of Jesus in pain on the wall.
Pilgrims see Jesus face in an apartment window and some see Jesus in a dental X-ray.
Jesus in your teeth, baby. And you're chewing on. You know, I'm going to have to make me
some of that pasta. Okay, good. Look how pasta, green pickles. Have some last night.
Have an headset. Really? Yeah. Have it like. I got it. I got it. I think the Chinese
army I bought so much of it. I bought a good stuff. What I like to do is slice up. I got
this, I feel boss of it like some kind of sauce each slice it up. Yeah. Put it in the
sauce. And anyway, more IDF tea says soldier was sacrificed for spin. This isn't your
favorite Israeli newspaper. Ha, are it? Ha, are it? Yes. Right. Former chief of staff,
Moshe, Yalon, Moishi, believes the prime minister and chief of staff of Israel should
resign and the investment issue should be replaced for mismanaging the war in Lebanon.
He says soldiers were sacrificed for spin. Speaking an exclusive interview with Ha,
our answer should be post in tomorrow's magazine. Yalon condemned the decision to launch
the ground operation at the end of the war in which 33 soldiers died. That was a spin
move. Yalon said, and had no substantive security political goal. Only a spin goal. It
was meant to supply the missing victory picture. You don't do that. You don't send soldiers
out to carry out a feudal mission after the political outcomes already been set. I consider
that corrupt, he said corrupt. He said the chief of staff failed in the management of the
war. He gave the political echelon the feeling he had the capability which in practice he
did not have to bring about a political achievement by means of an extremely aggressive military
operation. He entered the war without defining it as a war and maybe without understanding
that it was a war, he didn't understand the implications of the measures he himself
adopted. He didn't mobilize the reserves in time, didn't open the emergency depots in
time, didn't activate the high command base. He managed the war from his orifice. He imposed
missions such as Ben Chibal without any discussion and without consulting with the command
about the consequences and implications. He created lack of clarity that rattled the forces
in the field caused a loss of trust and generated chaos. He didn't give the commanders in the
north backing. He didn't build a structure that would help him overcome his weakness in
the land sphere. He managed the campaign arrogantly and shallowly and should have resigned immediately
after the conclusion of the campaign. Other than that, he did a heck of a job, right?
Excellent. A fabulous job. Not as good as Brownie, of course, but then again, who is?
What anti-Semitic rag did you read that out of?
The Israeli newspaper Haara, I see. From 1912. See, if I had to really leaned on the
pedal there, we could have made 13. Everybody else something? Does it really make a difference?
No.
You know what we ought to do? That could be our theme song now, The Buckingham's. You played
it a few days ago. Why the hell were we talking about? Oh, it was something about Susan.
Remember we played Susan? You're looking for a bruising for a bruising? I don't care. That
would be your theme song by the Buckingham's. They're the ones that did it? They're not?
No, I don't know. It's not coming up that way. Get out. Oh, don't you care. No wonder.
What? Oh, don't you care. It's a bucket. Oh, no, that's not it.
Nope. No, that is a bucket. I don't care. That's a start. No, we can just go back. No.
No, we don't. We don't care. Nightdogs coming along. We care about that at two o'clock.
Otherwise, we'd have to be sitting here forever. And then of course, we got that hour of power in the shower.
The biggest name. The party when the  ends 7 of hatred.
Do my Queen, God...
Ah, Oh my Castlews!
My bones!
Welcome!
Oh, can a bus be set set down to me?
Up to bike, the bike, the bike, the bike, the bike, the bike.
Okay, 147, I think we've started something,
I started something really new in the beginning.
That's infectious.
New years.
Well, it's per the way.
Yeah, 142 votes on there, all we could easily done 13 today.
Oh, man, I feel so bad.
13 from Matt Sundin.
But anyway, John and L.A., thank you, John,
Faxes and said, and see, this is great!
Now, what do you know of our infore input on the Fax machine, man?
I like Faxes much better than Colt or an email.
I'll print it up and send it to you.
Right, because with the Faxes, I mean, you know, you look at it,
and it's either worth right with the calls to go through 200 and to get one,
and it's just, it's not worth the effort, you know.
It weighs too much time.
I'd like that bit, Colt or IQ, if only we had that.
Yeah, right.
John and L.A. says, a tri-tip, and you were really close boy.
You were right on, you were only about four million miles away.
A tri-tip or triangle tip is a special cut of beef,
which is popular for barbecue, and here in Southern California says,
John, L.A., thank you, John, and enjoy your meat.
Not great?
That's something.
We learned, look at the stuff we learned on this show, man.
It's education.
Let's just about a bunch of stupid ball games, and sweaty guys who take showers together,
and then check how these others' privates.
I mean, what the hell is that?
It sounds awfully...
Yeah, to me.
And what would I know about that?
Exactly, nothing.
Nothing.
Something or someone you don't ever want to hear any more about.
You just can't handle it.
No more.
You reach the saturation point.
With Paraselton Man, she's killing the competition.
338.
The war on terror, 156.
When the hell is it?
Start already.
Tom Cruise, 149.
You know, you know, that's like it's like a war on happiness.
Right.
Exactly.
It's like a war on anger.
Oh, that's like a war on violence.
Oh, we don't want to do that.
Why would we want to change the ultra-dissimilist?
But we're going to use violence to get rid of the violence.
George W. Bush 120, dude.
Don't you be anti-American again now, you anti-Semitic idiot.
Baby Surrey 120, John Mark Car 110.
Enough with him.
Fruitcake.
9-1184.
Barry von.
See the big drop-off after 9-11?
Barry von.
That means that the rest of these, they can't get enough about.
Barry von's 43.
Okay, we'll place more Barry von's bits.
Pist Joshua.
Moe Howard David had 34.
Well, that's why I've been upping the moe bits today.
And also had the bald spot called it.
That was great.
I mean, talk about it.
Dumb.
Huh.
I hit this poll 31 only 2.4%.
Thank God we finally pleased them a little bit.
You know, there's so to Israel 26.
So they want to hear a lot more about Israel.
And I'm certainly going to, I'll be more in happy.
Like the thing they were about, most you put it whatever is anyone.
In how are it and your are it's and colder 9.
She's not doing nearly as well as I thought she would.
Nancy Grace 7.
Hmm.
Your saying so in other words, the people on the bottom, I'm going to see this is backwards.
Oh, speaking of her.
Nancy Grace.
Yeah, check that email.
Oh, don't tell me she's on.
Oh, and let's see you do an email.
Nancy Grace 7, a rash 7 and Brad Pitt 7.
Email.
Let me see if the Josh's email ever came through with a picture.
Well, because I said one thing.
Oh, okay.
It's loading.
It's loading.
It's puking.
I'm thinking about it.
See, I do the windows live mail.
Now it's closed it down just a couple of seconds.
But there's nothing there.
Oh, no.
I got the source.
But no, it must be on your end.
I get all my, look at all the other ones I got.
Tom to paint out Tom Villa's voice newsletter inside radio.
It's been very selective.
Move on.org.
Adam Rubin.
Rubin Rubin, I've been thinking that your emails are really thinking.
I mean, what's the story, man?
I don't know.
I'm not getting the stuff.
Maybe maybe hotmailed blows.
Is that possible?
It's possible.
I've never used it.
Why don't you try standing at me on the Yahoo one?
I mean, if at first you don't succeed, just get up and walk out.
Public school students don't need to go to church on Sunday for a strong dose of religion
says this article.
In some cases, according to a new study, they just have to show up for class.
A year-long investigation by the Austin-based Texas Freedom Network found that the majority
of Bible courses offered as electives in the state's high schools are devotional and
sectarian in nature and not academic is required by a host of rulings from the US Supreme
Court on down.
With a few notable exceptions, the public school courses currently taught in Texas often
fail to meet minimal academic standards for teacher qualifications, curriculum, and academic
rigor promote one faith perspective over all others and push an ideological agenda that
is hostile to religious freedom, science, and public education states to study, which
is being made public today.
What a surprise.
The 76-page report title, Reading Writing and Religion, teaching the Bible in Texas
Public Schools is one of the most ambitious looks so far at Bible courses that have sprouted
in the nation's public high schools.
Next thing, they'll be bringing in the shrimp with Jesus on it.
Jesus Christ on shrimp.
Shrimp boats.
The report was a joint effort by Mark Chansey, a biblical studies professor at SMU and
the education publicly Texas Freedom Network, a group that works to counter the religious
right.
The report was endorsed by at least eight mostly religion scholars from around the country.
What are how fathered dry in the zooons?
He's still alive.
I just have him on my show all the time.
Robert Dryan and he was great.
Was it from Boston?
A liberal Catholic priest.
I remember fathered dry in?
No.
Oh man, he used to just rip the church and ask in the pope, of course.
You know the slaw on his life?
Yeah.
The findings are sure to be meant to be on church state boundaries as officials of some
districts vibe to stick with their Bible courses as is.
Regardless of outside criticism of the other, don't confuse them with the facts and certainly
don't confuse them with the law.
When you stop asking the same questions said Mike, I can't suppose him for the actor independent
school district, which includes the city of Odessa, which this year added a Bible-elected
based on the much disputed national council on Bible curriculum in public schools.
We're comfortable with the curriculum you said.
Our board of trustees have heard the arguments.
In other words, we don't care.
Screw you guys.
We're good religious folks.
So screw you.
And of course, if you read the Bible, it looks like that's what they spent most of their
time being.
The biggest name.
So best talent for this is real Rodgers for 20560.
You A.M.
It's day high by any town.
Oh, I went to the Middle East.
It's at a level not seen there in decades.
Israel is vowing to crush the militia called Hezbollah.
They have bombed the home and headquarters of the leader of Hezbollah.
Zion Hassan Nasrallah says his group is ready for open war with Israel.
The broad to peace must be paid for it.
You lose.
And in our shoes to the south.
Ten town in village business while artillery and war grain sit down.
The great of leaders won this coup on for weeks or even months.
And I'm going to march in and make your home.
The head stops and it will be open.
Someone will pop the seas.
There's a strongness in dynamite.
A South 2002 alive King Thundur's
just the corner of one before three scare you.
Phen Anime
Another land part of them
We're terrified she says we're suffering. We're now used to change and can libanise
The Lebanese army agreed to police the border. It didn't. This boulder moved in without the 13,000 rockets aimed at Israel.
Bye bye bye
