Big shot!
I'm dying on the hands!
If you listen to WIOV,
The show's a day time harder
You never know it's by the way that they are from all week
The sports know you and know whether
It's always ankle for your sunny version
Joseph, I can't say I don't know by now
No one gives a crap about any of that
It's a talent that brings us all money
If you've got shoulders on a towel
The talent gives us an out
And buddy, if they stood up and out
Evening out
Feeling wicked, such a rock we're listening for
The lady can't never be better
But all you'll ever see on God, eating on the billboard
Evening out the sports know you and know whether
Another crap, it's the easy thing to do it up and out
Check!
Tune it out too
And that means somebody wants to live it
Yeah
10.02 at 5.60 W.D.Q.M. Happy Tuesday
November 28th, it's almost December, you know what it's almost the end of the year
And the reason I play that
Shocking developments, man
Shocking it is
Rick Shaw headed for retirement
Big article with a picture in the whole deal including that I'll be nasty smelly cap of his
On the front page of the herald this morning
Look, come on, I'm sure he's bought new ones over the years
What, new camps?
Sure
And maybe two or three
Oh, yeah, that one doesn't look like the same color
I don't know, looks what I was, is that one pink?
I mean, let me go back to the website
One moment please
Where's the name here on the website?
The phrase says
And there it is
Oh no, it's the same old Rady Black
Oh, it's definitely not the old one now
I can't remember the old one was Black or Blue
But anyway, Rick Shaw was hanging it up after a hundred years in the business
Legendary, a big article by Howard Cohen
And his brother Marty on the front page of the herald this morning
And the fact that Rick Shaw is retiring after fifty years in the market
Boy, talk about good timing, thanks Rick
There's a great line in the article and when I get to it, man
You're going to know exactly what I'm talking about
There's a great line where he had lunch with Ralph Redneck
When he decided to retire, but we'll get to that
Thanks for the inspiration, Rick
Rick Shaw
My shoes are fallen because he's playing with his shoes
Let's say one Rick Shaw returns, let's say they're playing oldies
Or maybe I'll just retire
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday and boy, I'm going to tell you
This thing with the phone calls, wow
Isn't this funny how fast they turn like a rat, like a cornered rat?
How they turn on each other?
Just amazing to me
WQA Am Hello
First call of the day, hello
Rick Shaw, look at that, it's not working
Oh, look at that
Huh, mine isn't working
Oh, there you go
Not currently connected to a cellar
Hmm, how about that?
I guess we'll have to reset everything
No, no, just a minute, QA Am Hello
Hello, wow
Yes, sir
Neil
It's seen George getting all panicky
They're the phone works just fine
Like all our equipment, they work just fine
Yes, sir
Yes, sir, what are you used to keep your dick taste good?
I want to know
Here's the poll again from yesterday
Of all the things Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you
How many votes we have?
1544, that was a pretty good year by the way
See now they're all lighting up
Don't light them all up yet
I'll get to you when I'm good and ready
Okay, wait till you're the result of the day's poll about the collars
I'll never call them back as far as I know
But at any rate
Joe is good time, Jolly Joe, you know
He's just one of those guys, he's a jolly guy
And he's got his head buried in the sand like an ostrich
He doesn't want to see joy, he doesn't want to see the beesleaves
And I don't blame him, Quails
And that's because over these last several months with the election and the whole deal
And with all these stupid articles I've been reading
Religion 229, those three were like products he discovers 42
Amstradam 42, hockey 41
Right
Brady Quinn 21
The track 21, health problem 16, sports 14, slots
A good machine mod 12 and diets only 8
Nobody wants to hear about diets because we're fat
Who am I ever fat, huh?
I'll give you that on this number this morning
Well I told him, that's too much good
That's not good, yesterday a whole day of frustration eating over this place
This business, just like Ricky Tickey says
Man, this business is a far cry from what he used to be
It's a tragedy now, it's pathetic
But the money's good, I'll say that at least for some of us, Jordan
Yep, the calls are back, here's today's pool
This is amusing to me, most amusing
The calls are back, what's your take
And I realized it was only one day
But you know, just to get in the immediate the...
Since they were so at-
It's said, oh no, whoa, sucks
We want those callers, spice it up
So the calls are back, what's your take?
775 votes already
I'll listen regardless 273
Well thank you for those people, okay
That's for all you, whether you take calls, don't take calls, just make fart sounds for four hours on here
And by the way, Joyce, I'll fart as much as I want, screw you honey
Gee, maybe they'll fire you
No, they can't, well fire me for what?
For farting, yeah, fire me for farting, right?
First radio person in history fired for playing fart's on here, okay?
That's for you honey
This business, and of course this goes back to Norma Kent too, and me for being weak
And putting up with her crap
And Joe Bell too for saying one thing, one THANK GOD, 116
Thank you, God
Big improvements, 71, so you put those two together, it's only 24%
And I hate this poll, a mere 15, 1.9%
They like this poll, because see, these are the kind of polls they always think they're teeth-induced
Mm-hmm, what it has to do with the business, you know what I mean?
So speaking of the business, why did I get off of that jingle?
Oh, come on, I don't know
Well, because I'm going to play it again
Big Shawn
Howard Cohen writes in a hero with his picture with his ugly cap on there
Which don't even cover up the ball spot, I guess that was the reason he started worrying in the first place
I told you that story about Jerry Wittsner and how they pulled off his bad hair piece
Sure, and he had a nervous breakdown, but nevertheless, he was doing some kind of a record hop
Or something like they used to do back in the day, and I NZ, 100 years ago
Jerry Wittsner, he's in the ground by the way
Anyway, the article says, headline, veteran DJ Rick Shaw handed forward retirement
Oh my god, that's almost as amazing as what's his name?
It's going to be Drew Rosenau's sound again tomorrow morning on our morning show
See, they're lucky that they got that good number in October, they're really lucky
Because otherwise, well, I don't know, I haven't met Kenny Walker, but if I was him, I'd be at Joe Bell's door with a sledgehammer right now
Anyway, the article starts out, a South Florida morning without Rick Shaw, question mark?
Soon it will be, soon it will be
Oh my god
The veteran magic 102.7 DJ, a fixture on South Florida airway since 1960
46 years, or I'd go for 50 Rick
Surprise is listeners at 8 a.m. today, meaning if day by announcing his coming retirement midway through his morning show on magic 102
No one else in South Florida's outlasted Shaw is a constant presence in the notoriously fickle world of mainstream radio
I'm going to hang it up, I'm sick and tired of getting up at 4 a.m. in the morning, Shaw 68, said in the tele stations for generations of listeners
I'm sick and tired, haha, I like that, that's the way he does it
Rick Shaw, because he's a bubbly kind of guy, you know
Here's my story
Yeah, let's play oldies, anyway
Now, I want you to vote for me, this is what did it for me, Rick
When the late Ralph Rennick quit channel 4, I had lunch with him and asked
Let me put a thing in a mark, because I'm going to break, I don't want to rush through this, because it's all about big shot
I would post a personal buddy, whoever, now maybe he wouldn't call in today, although, you know
Not a good day to call in, Rick, haha, haha, maybe he can talk me into it
The biggest tech time in the world, Ryan Pizzo, and boy in blue
Screw the callus, OOOH
WQA M is proud to bring you the WQA M school of broadcasting
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free, of course you'll work for free
Call 1-800-1-A-B and speak to our director of education Mr. Lenny Marges
So, you want me a boycaster?
Oh, I want?
A boycaster, a boycaster
Yes, what is that?
What is that?
What is that?
Newtay news?
Newtay news!
Newtay news!
Newtay news!
Newtay news!
Newtay news!
Newtay news!
Newtay news!
Newtay news!
We have the effective go-wether way won!
We don't want to leave any real.
Who's gonna do it?
Go to me!
Go!
Go!
Go!
And now be here we have to write so by the rhythm.
And open your books to when pages 14.
You can't have them in.
And that's what I want you to repeat.
And that's what I want you to repeat.
And those who in this room is Gouji, we're no longer locked.
Yes it's the wonderful world of radio.
Oh radio, where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a one quam quam.
With more music.
1019 at 560 WQAM, makefully radio for the annum millennium.
So anyway this article goes on in the herald about Ricky Tiki shots as the charity work will go on the morning grind will not.
It's been 50 years enough has enough been there done that no more mountains to climb shots at adding that the radio business has changed greatly since he first signed on in 1956 at a small St. Louis radio station.
His name them Jim Hummel, which he was given the birth.
In other words, that's his real name, which we all know that the stage name Rick Shaw came upon his arrival in Miami when I started radio the sound effects library was on 78 RPM records.
That's how far it goes now it's compact discs.
Actually now it's MP3 is a point that makes sure who does known an iPod chuckle like that.
Every time I turn around it's a new format says Rick I've seen it all come and go.
I got into radio when I was a senior in high school.
Elvis was coming on strong rock was getting up and learning to walk was what?
Oh rock was a learn to walk I thought maybe he was and here I was starting my career incredibly said.
Show broke the Beatles to South for listeners in 1964 when he was spinning vinyl on WQAM.
Oh my God when was the pop music station of dope.
Meeting the fan for Jacksonville that year he says remains one of his career highlights.
Amusingly he's bowing out now that the Beatles are back on the charts with the new mashup CD love.
He's come full circle says Howard Cohen.
Radio is facing massive changes with the influx of satellite stations.
Shaw once earned a record 54 share rating in the 60s rock and roll heyday in today's world with traditional and serious and XM satellite radio stations.
A 4 share would be celebrated.
It's another form of competition the newest form of technology the evolutionary process had worked.
Someone figuring out how to do something better Shaw said I got in and out at the best time he said.
That's the end of the article all we tip our caps you Ricky you're a legend you're good man good peoples.
And he likes this show which you know and of course Howard Cohen left out his most memorable line of all time which was.
It's alive I am not but not see but beside.
818 votes on the pool how do they like those callers so far after one day and one call today.
818 the calls are back what's your take.
I'll listen regardless take calls no calls if you just for it on the year for four hours.
I'll listen 289 that's 35% talk about loyal baby.
The callers blow 164 time will tell 149 thank God they're back 123 big improvement 76 and I hate this pool only 2%.
I'm your 17 out of 818 votes.
Yeah early retirement sounds like a real winter to me especially when you're working for goofballs like these.
See I never knew that I was working for Joyce Fitch I never really realized that but as every day goes by more and more.
And I and I told it this months ago that we have a you know.
We have a straw boss good guy you know Jolly cordial enthusiastic and powerless.
Infant very important guy so we're working for Joyce Fitch and of course Joyce Fitch is one of those people that nobody in their right mind.
For any amount of money believe me there pay me a lot of money when when you're making this kind of money and you're thinking to yourself.
You know I don't I don't know I don't think so you know what I'm saying does that does that kind of like some at all up what he says.
I'm saying like Ralph redneck said when it's time you'll know.
You know what I mean retire like that that's what I'm thinking.
Very seriously and of course especially when you're agent lawyers slash professional queen is like but it will put them up and you know.
And when our general man who doesn't return his calls and he's going to do this and he's going to do that and he doesn't really ever.
There's never any.
Period at the end of a sentence with him and always just kind of like trails off and goes on and on and like that you know I'm talking about oh yeah your buddy your agent also as matter.
I know your agent provocateur I'm sure I'll go far five six seven to the door anyway for the next run five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 the Verizon singular wireless line very depressing week here.
I mean it's the post Thanksgiving blues maybe it's the holiday blues or maybe this place is blows which are kind of sound like blues you know.
Let's see if those calls are as good today as they were yesterday let's see if this phone rings off the hook in a celebratory fashion like that yesterday after these people have been deprived of their pipeline their bonsai pipeline of the show.
You know what I mean what do you mean I don't know.
I see there's a good one right there.
WQA and hello.
Uncle Nail.
Yes sir.
I went up the golf screen yesterday at a couple hundred bucks in my wallet.
Yeah.
We're waiting five minutes and one myself $1250.
All right excellent good job pal you got a good machine.
I'm very good machine good and it's a very beautiful place inside there's nothing wrong except one slight problem no ATM and no free drinks.
Yeah that sounds like a real joke to me typical Florida okay good luck don't spend it all in place.
No ATM's no free drinks and like that well maybe that'll change that's the Florida no how's it going to change I don't know.
Think you know that we have our new gay governor coming in next in January yeah sure yeah sure he'll do it like to have a good drink very typical Florida way not slow not fast just half fast typical.
Thank God I'm not there that's all I want to say to you right now thank the Lord I'm not in that in sufferable place five six seven oh five 60 we're taking lots and lots of calls again so that maybe these people change their attitude about the calls.
Bro which is basically seems to be winning today other than now listen regardless which we're very pleased about that aren't we.
Oh yeah WQA and hello.
Talk to Neil please speaking Neil yes sir wow wow it's me first time first time caller you've been listening to for 23 years and they were never called in.
All right good comment on your mental health to that's excellent.
I want to see if you can place some moped I wanted to hear of purple veins five six seven oh five sixty I forgot about that category when we were talking about what the call.
The request the request what about the building the pull crowd oh yeah oh oh oh I got one for the pull I got one for the relapse right.
Hey listen whatever they want they wanted we took that pull last week overwhelming the one of the colors back and we got the one guy to one 1250 bucks at Gulf Stream and we got this guy that never called before and made a bad move today.
Hey listen nobody's perfect once in your lifetime you made a bad mistake pali and the just don't do it again.
It's coming up after the breaks matter fact sure with it.
Hey listen it's all request Tuesday.
Now seriously these people are the most ungrateful the most inx unacceptable bastards you do a great challenge to them.
Ten years of battle with these people it's a constant never ending battle like worthy enemy were they evil doors were the bad guys you know.
And and Joe Bell had a he didn't realize he had a great line about like you know you don't ask for anything and I said yeah and that's what I get.
So it's perfect yeah perfect match I asked them for nothing other than maybe you paid on payday and other than that nothing and that's what we get nothing just to put up the ass.
Thanks a lot Joyce and by the way I hope that your tumor grows rapidly.
Space and stands for nothing.
Yo what's up this is Marcus Vic form of a genius tech and soon to be NFL quarterback.
Yo have you heard about the hottest new dance in the ghetto?
Uh oh well yo do me one favor baby lay on the ground.
Uh huh no problem.
Snap that's close stop what the new dance is called stop you lay your hose on the ground and stop on them.
Snap.
Stop.
Snap I said it's called stop stop.
That's right baby this is Marcus Vic saying.
Stomp them home.
Oh guess not I forgot to forget what I was going to play it tonight.
Oh yeah I was going to play poiple veins and we're the hell oh well huh oh there it is.
You're going to play it now.
Why not good point well am I missing something I mean well the way you said that.
I don't know why they hate me or why they always read me it must be because I got you.
I'm not going to play with my arms like a random alley napalaka what I got means on my nose.
Nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pantyhors but that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are made you ought to see my legs I might as well keep them smooth and shaved to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping.
I can go through a surgeon but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want to walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I'm hired the beast the fat little freak.
I did him a favor now again upon the heat the reason I dismissed that stinkin fat bastard is big gosh he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
Hey somebody talk over there nobody talk to me I rap I rap then you talk.
Look at me I'm hit I ain't no square I'm a ding dong daddy man I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want I don't care but believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I got fired myself it even happens to the great Westwood once and you get out of here I'll break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets with my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jets in paradise.
Paradise and I kiss somebody's ass in paradise.
I'll be shoving out the screwkins when I get the chance but the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants.
How long does it take?
I'll be calling the plate.
It was just a little thought so what I left this day.
I think that's fine one another sandwich buddy I can do what I want because the management loves me.
Can I tell you something?
Oh something you oughta know but along this time I wanted you to be my home.
You are my type pal now I am straight no no.
Who would you do?
I don't take no for an answer.
Get out of here.
But it's not you.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Okay there you go by request and of course Rick Shaw would probably take a request all these 85 years so why not?
Why not?
It's good enough for Ricky Tickey.
In fact that article again it says the body doesn't want a function in for him in the morning when Lee Ralph Rennett quit channel four I had lunch with him and asked him what caused him to quit he said when it's time you will know.
What a plan of course I'm sure he said it in a very deep voice and when it's time you will know and may the good news be yours Rick.
Wow Ralph Redneck man there was a legend he's dead I remember him do you as a child how could you not and what when I was a child of course I saw him in Windixie shopping one day Ralph Redneck and I never went over and say hey Ralph how you doing I watch every night you old turd I didn't say that both in Windixie we were both at Windixie in those days that was before the store got dirty.
The calls are back what's your take 861 votes I'll listen regardless 30 just under 35% right now when it's time you'll know.
The caller is blow rhymes with you know 180 the caller is below 180 time will tell 156 we'll see thank God they're back 130 big improvement 77 and I hate this pull only 17 a mere 1.9% that's mighty low rhymes with blow I see that there's a story here where the hell is it?
I'll see you then about the kid in Florida that got bashed by the look at the story.
Of course why don't why am I worried about these damn bedtime stories again now see it's habit to your fault I don't know where is it I don't apologize.
I beg your pardon I said I don't apologize when you should shouldn't be a apologize Josh could just told me that nobody his age would listen to the show when I was reading those bedtime stories and that was you said the other day when a joyous a joyous was out taking a George I mean the other way around.
Well it's a little spinoff but close yeah it's pretty well what do you mean by that I said a lot of people my age like the caller that that mean that they wouldn't listen now that's not what you said at all you said nobody your age would listen to some old fart learn radio radio right here that's exactly what you said of course that was before the envelope showed up.
Then once the envelope showed up oh yeah everybody I know loves your show you know like kissy kissy sucky sucky you know who now you can.
860 people it's the poll is okay I mean there's nothing you know I'm not saying that there's a problem with the show.
We're still kicking some serious smelly ass as far as numbers generally speaking most months but the bottom line is who the hell wants to work for these people you know.
You know exactly what I'm talking about oh yeah not gonna say I mean these people are to radio what Hitler was to the Jews I'm not gonna say.
I mean I don't think that's an exaggeration. No. These people are to radio what David Duke is to dark folks you know it's just they're evil they're evil doors as your president would say.
And we're just we've been single dark maybe because we're not the sports crowd or because we don't kiss their ass or maybe a combination of these things and we're the evil enemy and so as a result Joyce will do anything in her power to us screw with us.
And it's one thing to come in and do them a good job with absolutely nothing with equipment that doesn't work there not that I'm complaining you understand with stuff that never works down there always would like a bunch of crap.
But then to have to jump over hoops through hoops and over hurdles to try to like do the show every day it's just not you know you'll know you'll know when it's time.
You know what I'm saying famous philosopher once said that you know when it's time WQ I am hello.
Q I am. Neil how are you doing okay I am one one and light it I wouldn't say static but that's probably over the edge that the calls are back.
Yeah. They add to me they add so much to the show even though I don't call regularly I call now and they say they're part of the comic relief the criticism you give that's in the arguments the banter back and forth I mean some of them really are the banter yeah the banter.
The banter would you have with them the criticism tell people put your teeth back in your mouth and things like that have always made you bust out laughing loud in the car and a couple of about did write your letter about the show because I found the bedtime stories like a bug blood running out of my years I just I just listen on a show the whole fine.
So last two days when I found out the calls the back the radio is on 10 o'clock in the morning and it's on for two o'clock you took the band aids off your earlobes good.
So I really I really think they had something to it and I'm glad to back.
Okay thanks a lot pali. Okay. Okay. When it's time you'll know 870 votes. Well he's the end of these people they want a few yucks is what they want that's what the public wants had and I always said that that's only one for much.
Sure. A little chuckle on that of course we can't play any of the funny stuff anymore but that's beside the point that's because of a choice who should only rotten hell rhymes with Joe Bell.
He's thinks he's swell by the way thanks to whoever faxed in that reading good pull about guys shaving their chest here it's a good pull and maybe we'll take that one tomorrow that will take to be terrible pull on a Thursday.
Retire you know I think it's something to consider now and then of course what do you guys do at that point.
I can't carry the whole world on my back the rest of my life. I just can't do that.
I'm a daughtering old bag with bad blood sugar diabetes you know that is a cow right now because of that place.
Have like have a great time how's that.
Take what's up. Take what's up.
And what is he going to do. Oh yeah like that. Oh I'll continue having a good time and yeah.
You should have said I can't talk right now the bitches in the room that would have been very subtle and probably you know solve your problem.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave a residence singular wireless line that last guy he was good he was a good good guy.
He's very excited and excited the calls are back in spite of your negativity see that's a problem.
They show us around it by too much negativity most of it coming from Naples.
Yeah from Joyce from that bitch hey Joyce WQ a.m. Hello.
I can't talk right now the picture on the wall.
Who I am yes sir.
I'm a meal yes ma'am I am one of your long time female callers.
Well that's three and two days that's pretty heavy duty for this audience.
And I've been listening for a long long time and I was telling a male friend of mine and he said you must love the bridge tender.
And I said never heard the bridge and he said if you call me I know he will play the bridge tender for you.
Sure it's coming up right after the break it's long and it's ponderous and so on my one good call in 30 years.
Okay great thanks you all. Have a great day.
Okay see there you go I'm easy today I'll play whatever you want.
Kill some good time right.
Sure and why did you go like that see do I mean guys negative talking about that's right by negativity.
I mean of all the things they could have requested what the bridge tender well what else could they request.
Poitful veins with you on the comb.
Sure.
How about Jack in the box.
Oh yeah let's get that on right away.
And then what about young Neil don't forget that of course several 19 to 11 at 5 60 we got mad dog at two Jim and which power hour with Hank and the mad dog.
It says on the schedule today between four and five.
Humber five to seven then we got the Panther preview at seven o'clock any interest no.
Panthers at the Montreal canadian 730 at least you got the names of the teams right today and then we got oh wow.
But Josh what's his name a third today.
Clarence Curtis Darrell no he's not.
And the reason being that we got Hurricanes basketball tonight of course it's on a m940 which we don't even own that station.
It used to be wion Z and then it's a American how it's just one of our farm stations.
What an embarrassment Hurricanes warm up at nine on nine forty you am at Northwestern basketball in the ACC big ten challenge on nine at nine thirty.
And then that continues the slots over back to QM after the hockey game finally gets over and then any K after all that well.
Clarece is off another one of those silly you at basketball games because he's a silly person okay.
For three to radio is what the news war in you.
Yeah.
Real American a hole.
We salute you Mr. pull out in front of me then slow down guy.
You pulled out of Chili's parking lot like a padded a hell only to bring traffic to a screeching hall.
Yes I can read your bumper sticker and I want to strangle your honor student.
Your goal for cutting me off is matched only by the excruciating noise,
belching from the exhaust system of your viewing.
Not going to play a lot for them up and down.
Sure 25 saves lives but it's your ass on the line.
When the hum be behind you decide it's go time.
So we salute you Mr. pull out in front of me and then slow down guy.
Your dashboard Jesus your crack final top and your bond.
You are a real American a hole ten forty seven at five sixty W.A.M.
I just got an inspiration to keep on going you know what it was on our my space page.
You know that's really neat thanks Miguel.
It is a neat resource if you use it is me.
Well just why just found on there because and my my thing is I don't know why because I have the time to do it especially now that I'm not the read nullies eighty million bedtime stories.
But my old friend Jacob from the Panther games I'm sure it's the same Jacob how many Jacobs could there be.
Why is there that the diamond revolving on that thing now?
What is that sorry.
I clicked on his message there and now there's like a diamond revolving on there like a diamond in the rough anyway there's Jacob who's like it must got to be the same guy only the picture of he's like squatting on a rock out in the mountains like out west somewhere.
And it's like from a long distance so I can't really be sure plus now Jacobs thirty two.
Which I think when I knew Jacob at the hockey games would he've been more like twenty two more my age you know.
You click on his picks you'll be he'll probably have some more.
No actually I can't because then it says you must be logged in to do that and blah blah blah when you go out to all that which I'll do that later you know I.
I'll do anything to get to Jacob but he's thirty two now and we should don't look as good as you do but nevertheless nice hearing from you Jacob who moved to Lakeland now he's coming back.
I close to show you how bad it is in Lakeland to come back to South Florida wow.
Love you Jacob literally trust me when I tell you but nevertheless.
Eight hundred ninety eight votes on the poll so that's that's just something right there you see right off the bat.
On at my space page and we have seven hundred ninety four members of friends spectacular which according to Josh is beyond spectacular for an old funny that he out of touch old fart.
Fact like I'd say self story.
He's thinking about retire.
I don't know it's something to think about you know I really haven't thought about it real seriously for ever.
Yeah I mean it goes through your mind just like suicide at times but this place this place can get you to do one or the other suicide and a retire which you suicide kind of takes your
both.
Well don't do that huh well don't do that I wouldn't do that I wouldn't do that just out of spite to them just out of spite to joy so I'm going to live I'll live that big right make the best of what's left of your life.
Wow.
Man oh man.
Talk about an uplifting comment make the best of what we've got a couple years left or a doctor or you know that's bad.
That's a good one.
I mean he's screw you.
What do you got to work for it too.
I'm out live you.
I'm out live with your with your feed innards whatever you got I got stress when you go to the doctor.
Let me tell you right now stress kills and it's going to kill me and in my case stress I you know I there are two kinds of stress.
There's some that's so extreme that I lose my appetite all together which is really bad I can't throw the mic off and then there's the George can't turn the mic off because the equipment screwed up again.
You're okay.
See one thing about your well he'll listen to you he'll agree with everything you say and then nothing ever gets done you know there.
I think he did get done which I think I'm very much for is getting my paychecks on time and even a day or two early every time.
That's good although that shouldn't be like any kind of a magic trick you know to get paid on payday that should be like pretty automatic for a real company which leaves these people out.
Hey all you people over there in Naples the beesleys I just want you to know where on the end have been for a long time so you hear the f word in the s word during the breaks over the commercials a lot that'll just be me talking to Josh.
With the mic on oh well there you go.
In other words they haven't done the thing about it I go in there right now I see us is talking to each other which they hadn't.
I go in there right now and I take my pants down P. Red on Joe Bell's desk I would I'd pee a big puddle right there in his desk.
I'll rather watch you to pull off the end right down to his pantaloonie and he'd say I enjoyed your funny guy.
He would because that's just him you know he means well but he's a paper tiger like Tony the tiger only not quite his plastic 899 votes on the poll the colors blow 189 to 20 a some percent.
You think that's the real Jacob my good but it has to be.
I don't even know him all I want to heart barely even know who the hell he was just one of our listeners from back at the hockey games back in the day you know we had living in breathing people under the age of 100 listening and we weren't like I just doing all sports radio.
Although maybe it was during I don't know and look at that phone man those phones on fire or what nothing.
See we got through the whole four hours yesterday which kind of shocked all three of us nobody really believed that the audience could keep it up for a maybe they took their sea Alice.
Yeah well they had the walls. They want you had to you know light a fire under him a couple times well I can't leave the volcano under him right now maybe that's what Jacob was sitting on the volcano maybe something was about to blow 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 squat.
Not it at pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular right.
Let me give you a slide WQ way and hello. Hello Nio I'm not gay but I like torpedoes and.
Yeah one of your people when you're probably probably just going off with a new.
No not one of my people one of your people gay. The other part goes along the other part goes along with the first part you know what I'm saying like that.
905 well I'm telling you one thing just like yesterday by 11 o'clock we'll almost have some votes.
Our goal today is to get to two o'clock that's our only goal we're not going to pick any numbers anymore that's juvenile and childish and pointless and why bother with that anymore you know.
What what was the what did we get like 1700 or 16 and I know was 16 at least during the show one time.
What do you what do you mean you weren't even there when that happened I'm acknowledging it you talked about it right Josh did we get to like 17.
Yeah it was great. You don't even know what I'm talking about he would agree with anything.
What do you what do you mean I was there I remember you were there it was part of your life just like that idiot Paul it though I was on your show and I
And see I'm a part of your life get lost you idiot you creep.
These people these klingons I'm a part of your life oh god maybe that's why I'm going to blow my brains out I don't think I'm going to blow my own brains out what I'm going to do is come down there and start shooting a whole
bunch of people I got a list.
All right.
In fact the list is getting longer by the day you know what I mean Joyce it's getting longer by the minutes matter of fact every day.
WQ a and hello good morning glad to speak to Neil please speaking.
Neil Roger.
No Neil down yes sir what can I do for you.
I used to listen to the front loud radio when you were doing the bedtime stories the calls are funny even the bad ones are funny.
That's correct.
Thanks a lot paly and I hope you enjoy your dirt nap if we could get Brit calls like that all the time.
We take a lot of them get some old I'm used on the phone like that those are funny.
Oh yeah they're funny people just take a look at them 5 6 7 with a big years you know in the buck teeth 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 maybe that's why they don't go to the
office because the dentist I want to see those big donkey teeth maybe they can't fix donkey teeth ever
about that.
That's a good excuse for the Brits WQ a and hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi.
Good to see you sir.
Nice to hear your voice.
Yes sir.
I just would like to wish you happy holidays because that's for the key correct.
Yeah Merry Christmas to all of our Muslim brothers out there.
And to all good night okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 to all our Muslim brothers you're looking to start something menu
and Ojan Prabhakatur make no mistake about it.
I can smell one a million miles away one of those guys like that looking to start WDW3 or some kind of crap like that.
He's an Ojan Prabhakatur.
No doubt about it.
So Prabhak is a nation now thanks to Steven Harper and a bunch of real weak need pansies in the house of commons here.
Whatever the hell they call it.
Wow.
Voted overwhelming last night to go along when they came into the frogs baby.
Oh yeah Quebec and nation sure whatever you guys want.
Quebec and nation like saying Missouri is a nation and the South Carolina is a nation and carry is a nation.
Remember carry nation.
Hey carry.
Put the booze down honey.
10 56 at 5 60 that picture Jacob revitalized and rekindled my life.
Not as much as the naked pictures of Brady Quinn.
Well I'm not really naked but they should be.
You ever tried googling like naked so and so naked or like you know.
Well no I have other resources.
Oh maybe well maybe I should try your other resources because they're not working for me.
I'm happy to help anybody naked.
I'll hook you up.
I got the inside line on.
Do you really?
Whatever it is if it's out there.
If it's if it exists anywhere in the world.
For example the brand new pictures of Britney Spears C-section scar and all points out.
Look I want to lose some weight but I'm not that desperate okay.
Not that anxious to start right now.
They just say for example.
Four minutes before 11 o'clock at 5 60 W.
You have a very painless first hour today.
Time to retire.
Yeah you'll know when it's that time.
That's a great that's a great line.
Thanks a lot Rick.
I always knew Rick Shaw was a good friend you know what.
I don't think he and I ever like had any other than on the phone.
Rubbed elbows.
Well I thought the dolphin games years ago he I told he said.
He said he had me a few rows down below me there.
And he would turn around and wave to me and smile and I'd wave back.
And that was as much conversation as we ever had.
Except during a sensational cost of the show.
Thanks a lot Rick you're an inspiration to us all especially to me because like Ralph Rednext said.
And you know the sales department I thought you were going to get that jackass in there this morning before the show but you didn't do it did you.
I did not.
But why not?
Which one?
The sales manager.
That's a whole doubt.
The one that absolutely refuses to get us people to do like copy and do stuff you know there's me being a pain in the ass again.
Because these people don't want to do their f-ing job that's the reason why okay very simple.
They don't want to do their job.
And that's why they resent and hate us because we're like radio people we want to do things like in a radio kind of way as opposed to the QAM FN way which is the wrong way no matter what it is.
It's like coming to a fork in the road you know what I'm saying.
What about fork in the road and no matter which way they choose it's always going to be the wrong way.
No matter where they're going it's always going to be the wrong way because it's the QAM way.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Yeah, yeah.
That's the exact same thing.
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
Everything.
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
What's the whole thing?
It's 1104-560-WQM.
Guess what?
What?
Jo Bell returned Norma Kench call and Norma wasn't there.
So he's going to call him later.
I'm just keeping the abreast of all this in fact in fourth and fourth and four tag crap.
Absolutely.
Because I think I've got to resolve with these people.
Just the same like a dog chasing its tail.
It's pretty interesting column here.
It's too bad the whole thing didn't print out.
Damn it.
The top 100 TV catchphrases.
Dole is number one.
Homer Simpson's Dole.
Mmm, donuts didn't quite make the cut.
But, mmm, that page.
I mean, that's going to make it.
Sometimes it only takes a word or just a few to become immortalized in TV history says this stupid ass article on CNN's website.
The TV land cable network has compiled a list of the hundred greatest catchphrases in TV
from the serious water crunchides nightly sonoff.
And that's the way it is to the silly, we are two wild and crazy guys.
The network quote, area countdown special, the hundred greatest TV quotes and catchphrases.
Over five days starting December 11th.
You mark that down on your wrist?
Oh yeah.
We have found that television is such a huge part of baby booners DNA.
That it makes sense that so much of America's pop culture jargon has come from TV.
So Larry Jones TV land president.
You know TV land that's the network that's got the all the real old washed out shows where the colors all look like pastel, you know.
The greatest number of moments 26 of them come from the 70s TV land identified nine moments from the decade.
Ten are from commercials 28 from comedies, including six from Saturday night live.
And alphabetical order TV lands list.
There's only three of them because the rest of them didn't print out, but I'll get them.
Do you want to hear the list?
Okay.
Hey, you got dope and a.
All right.
I got to get the rest of the list.
Josh?
No, but I got.
How about one not touching your ass?
That would be good.
I think I'm not didn't make it.
Let's see.
Print.
Let me track print it out this way.
Okay.
Maybe it'll print all the other ones.
Maybe not.
If not, they can do the one damn research and look it up themselves.
See, this is the thing.
I've been spoon feeding them all of this stuff.
You think that since I stopped reading 80 million bedtime stories yesterday, we'd have a big surge on our website of people reading what we got out.
They didn't.
When you think that?
No, I thought the opposite.
I told you that.
They're lazy and you're right.
Well, you know what?
Too bad it's there.
It's free.
We do all the research.
Josh works his ass off to get those stories under for you, at least by 11, 12 o'clock the next morning.
His ass hand is his fingers.
Right.
Can't tell you where his fingers have been, but you can only imagine.
You can smell.
Hey.
Fancy.
And that's the way it is.
Well, what we keep doing the same ones there.
Ask now what your country can do for you, JFK.
Oh.
What?
Yeah, yeah.
People drop that all the time.
And plus it's a TV catchphrase.
Right.
I thought that was a speech.
I thought that was just an augural adress you idiots.
Exactly.
God.
There's still...
Oh, my God.
There's gonna be several sheets.
I'll wear one at lunch.
Baby, you are the greatest.
Jackie Gleason.
Baby, you're the greatest.
Good old Jackie.
He's still dead by the way.
Bam!
Oh, no.
Emerald Legassy makes someone use me a gassy in my ass.
Bam!
Book of Daniel from Hawaii FI-O.
Steve McGarrot.
Not to be confused with the Jack, my sweet Lord.
In fact, I'm gonna read you the phrase or the word and then you tell me who it was.
Okay.
Okay.
Come on down.
That's Rod Roddy from the...
Well, before I am Johnny Olson.
Johnny Olson.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm feeling embarrassed not to know Johnny Olson.
He's dead.
And so is Rod Roddy.
Danger Wil Robinson.
That's the robot from Lost in Space.
Deplain.
Deplain.
Herve village has a aka tattoo.
Denny Crane Island.
Huh?
That's an expression Denny Crane from Boston Legal.
I don't watch that show number one.
And who the hell is Denny Crane?
I've never watched it either.
I know Jacob.
What a funny line.
Yeah.
Do you believe in miracles?
No, you don't know that, but Josh will not.
Well, come on Josh, because I don't know it.
Uh, yeah, you got me.
Al Michaels, the 80 Winter Olympics, when the US hockey team won a championship baby.
Do you believe in miracles?
What's wrong with you?
Yeah, people say that all the time.
Don't.
We did that.
Don't make me angry.
They've been banner with the incredible homies.
Yeah, obviously.
Dino might.
Boy, talk about a bad show.
But we got a great team song.
It's a good time.
I'd be glad to play if you wanted to.
Bad show with a bad theme song.
Elizabeth, I'm coming.
Fred Sanford.
And I'm sure he's not the first one to say that.
No.
Maybe Prince, uh, what's his name?
What?
Prince is going to let me guess.
Man, we're going to play a game here.
Jim is his flavor.
Oh, that's, uh, leave it to be where that's word.
No, no, that's what's his name?
What's the kid?
Any Haskell?
God will get you for that.
That's mod.
Good grief.
Uh, Charlie Brown.
Good night and good luck.
Oh, what a bad movie.
Yeah, that's an Edward R. Smoking one.
Good night, John Boy.
I'd rather say good night, Jacob.
That's all all the Walton's got to John Boy.
Have you no sense of decency?
Now, see, you're not going to know all of this.
You probably should know because it was in that movie.
That bad movie.
Good night and good luck.
Joseph Welch to send him a car.
Have you no sense of decency?
That's what we always say to our management and a choice.
I wouldn't have known it.
Of course, that's what we're doing.
Her answer is no.
Oh, let's see.
I can't.
And I wonder if we have it in here.
Under Beavis and Butthead.
No, we don't have Beavis and Butthead anything in our, uh, in the DCS.
Are you threatening me?
Have that.
Wow.
Are you threatening me?
Yeah.
Anyway, that's the Beavis and Butthead that we got on the list.
Oh, the lot?
Yeah.
I thought I heard about it.
It is your moment of zen.
That's a joke.
Wait, here.
Right.
Here's Johnny Wayne, but it doesn't know that deserves to be dead.
Here's Johnny.
Johnny Charles is the head of the company tonight.
Sorry, just the bad drunk.
Johnny Carson.
Hey, now.
Um, what did he make.
Kingsley, Larry Sanders show to him?
I knew that.
Hey, hey, hey.
That's not rerun from what's happening.
I know.
What's happening?
Hey, hey, hey.
Yeah.
Not to be confused with, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's rerun?
Holy whatever, Batman.
That was a Robin with those green tights.
Oh, man.
and
anyway, holy crap
holy crap?
if you watch this show, I'd be shocked, either one of you
Frank Burrowing everybody loves Raymond
oh, I see it, I don't watch this show
I see it but I don't remember that
homie, don't play that in living color
homie, homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie, homie
homie, homie, homie
homie, homie
homie, homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
homie
it keeps going and going and going at the energizer but it takes a looking keeps on
ticking and you know that you don't know who did those spots either for time x
john camera and swaysy who
jane you ignorant slut
Saturday night uh... live than aqua jane curtain
you know those were the days baby when i was really good show those are the
cc there you go living in a past again but in this case i happen to be right
uh... would lot more on here in fact we can kill some really good time with it
or just take a whole bunch of calls or both of the case maybe
the biggest problem is that i'm getting a chance to get into this
is me or rhodgerous for jane
jane 560
you a l
can't touch this
can't touch this
can't touch this
can't touch this
can't touch this
can't touch this
my name is homer jane and i'm wrapping from the heart
i'm an animated family and my son is not the son named part
let's start out by wrapping up my car chain wife named marge
the only woman who'd marry me has hair that's blue and large
we've got our baby Maggie from her bottle of cheese neck and our oldest daughter
leeta blows one means that
hangren can fart our only done the calls of my ball dome
some day will have a sudden
we call it chromosome
it's an honor to have a real swinging cat with us tonight
homer Simpson party guy
we have a cat
homer
anyway it's eleven eighteen now i have a reason i said anyway because i'm right in the middle of a printing out the story
bootcamp x-gards and there's charging boys death
remember that story in pence a call
anyway we'll get to it
it'll print out
just one more thing
columball
i mean who'd have whatever remember that
it's from me he always turned around
yeah
oh
let's be careful out there
sorry
sergeant extra shell street blues i'm not going to wait for a cuz these are impossible
yeah
oh let's get ready to rumble Michael buffer
he's still doing that crap
yes he is
oh boy
let's get ready to uh... that's way
yeah before we continue with these idiotic things
seven former juvenile bootcamp guards and a nurse have been charged with aggravated manslaughter
and the death of a boy who's rough handling by the guards was videotape
a special prosecutor be saying today
this is in pence a cola
martinley anderson fourteen collapsed on the exercise yard at the bay county sheriff's camp in panamau city on jayneway five
guard said the teen was uncooperative and refused to continue participating in exercises
they were partly camps intake processes
he died over the next morning pence a cola
i wonder sadly jessey was there to watch over the teen boom cabbou a boom camp
venderman crump
attorney for Anderson's parents was in panamau city with the family Tuesday
didn't immediately return a call for comment kind of like joe bell
the boys that spark protest in the state cap early omination of the military style bootcamp system
and the resignation of the state's top law enforcement officers
so there you go
let's get a whole bunch of calls in the day because the calls are back
although the audience is the colors blow
two hundred and two people say that almost twenty one percent
so maybe the audience the colors today will prove that they're wrong you think that's going to happen
no
why are you so negative or are funny
well because i work here
when the time comes you'll know
as such a great line thanks a lot richa whoever had you are
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty leave a rising in singular wireless line wqa m hello
oh good one
okay that's so this hour's call
now you're right yesterday about the midway the show you said oh they're never going to keep it going all
the way through which you were wrong about that
but you're writing that the ninkin last for long you know
but the colors back okay where are they where are those calls man
that's the whole point what's that it's it's not that it's wrong
to be taking calls on a radio show we just like to get some
you know we'd like to get some that we'd like to have on the air
see there's a two-part deal one we'd like to get some a number two we'd like to get some that have some to say
from the center one of here not the same four retires
wqa m hello
it puts Larry cocker at that
always with that same kretchy sound you know bad but nevertheless wqa m hello
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a rising singular wireless line
get the butterfly net okay get the butterfly net out
how are you doing now okay sir nice to hear you nice to hear your voice
oh so good listen up Mr. Richards in honor of Mr. Richards
all you can eat eagerly you okay right
ah ah
wqa m hello
qa m
hi Neil yes sir how are you today great good actually I'm a long time listener first time caller
I was wondering if you ever went to a restaurant called the ginger man
and I never heard of it no it was a jazz nightclub never heard of it
hmm hmm I'm sorry I I guess I confused you with someone
what when was this back in the 80s actually well back in the 80s yeah
haha haha haha haha haha
oh man
wow that's that's like saying you ever take a leak at the third urinal in
pop it upark you know in the tea room on the sixth floor I never heard of the
ginger man I was never there I was it wouldn't go to a jazz thing anyway in
a first place because I can't stand jazz but other than that back in the 80s
I think it means the 1880s
you're right the colors are the best you people are right live long and prosper
ah spot start right the rest of these are so stupid man just the rest of them as opposed to the ones you already
yeah including most of the ones making whoopie bob u-banks the newlywed game a really bad
show and a really bad host with a stiff neck I get uncomfortable just watching him
he always holds his neck like he's got a nick brace on or something I know I've said it a
million times and it's true bob u-banks bad show all that was one of what's
his name the shows Chuck Barris he's probably pretty embarrassed about that he
probably went out and told somebody for the CIA was so pissed off about it
w-c-y-m-hello
w-c-y-m-hello
you know you're right we have to we have to get a hitman we have to send somebody out we're
have to take care of it ourselves because they're not going to be there like
I'll pitch in I mean I don't want to put him on the air he just it ain't going to happen
under my watch you know I'm saying I don't know
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless
line why would you just put a direct line into Bellevue you know like in the middle
word over there it's where's the in Arcadia not Arcadia where's the uh not house
oh I was just there I don't know no seriously over on a west coast it's in no idea
oh yeah you do I do if I said that you'd know it okay w-c-y-m-hello
and heal yes sir
uh tour tour falls this guy Chris is being set up for when he's in power
they'll bring out that sex candle and that'll move you know over into the presidential
network all so okay I mean
woo
well here's always our favorite line nine q-m this is Josh's line hello
a-neil who ever heard of a program directed to a play by play Josh Darrow
guy what a loser tell us something we don't know and by the way that game will be on
thanks for reminding me the game will be on 1360 99940 and of course he's the one
that makes out the schedule don't look at us we we only give the misinformation
that he passes along to us just like the panthers in the Washington Senators
ice Friday this kid is so clueless and so far you know from reality and it just
you know Joe Bell is basically said here you you you handle it you know and whatever
it is you take care of it because Joe is too busy just being a nice guy you know just
being agreeable and going to lunches stuff like that
what did I tell you long time ago way back in January my pretty good judge not
always but generally speaking more often than not way better than me that's for sure that is correct
when I met Jacob for the first time at that panther game I said to myself now there's a fine young man I'd
like to get to know a lot better but never happened but I knew it and then he winds up on my
my space page see that now these old and whatever well 32 is exactly well maybe he
still looks pretty good it's hard to tell from that did you look at our my space page
I have it lately well why not why not I know you're not interested in Jacob Ray
the guys on here but it's just the point being maybe there's some hot chick on
here but no I just look at it periodically just not lately well you should look I'm
going right now go to it right now of course the only thing about a half an hour
for the connection to get up on that thing I know and down below there where it says
Neil Rogers friends comments that's why I drew my attention because there's some
young lady there would look like with a nurses outfit on or like you know some kind of a
medical get up and she says I'd rather listen to sports than these callers the
colors suck or whatever she said and right above that there's Jake but anyway it's
a long distance you see what I'm saying I can tell what he looks like he's a million
miles away on a rock out in the mountains somewhere looks like in California doesn't it
I can see what Jacob wrote but the the images but we got that news wire coming
in a queue remember those days parents given us that song and then we're going to have a new
right y'all need you got it you got it you got it you're
got it you're got it you're about to watch videos of my 60s you am
her co-bane I was in the group Nirvana man I don't like them comparing you to me
you're hard too lazy albums I had money hit record I was a mop top on top of the
world until I'm out of the gook and got shot in the head hi I'm Mama Cass
avoid the ham sandwich I'm Karen Carpenter can I have it I'm
a lesser than king I can't be said oh shut the fuck up how you doing Kurt I'm
buddy Holly have you seen my glasses hey look at all these other place cards in my
table Keith Richards Sinatra and all of the black
crows yeah they'll be a little bit of that drummer fellers from definitely a
harder something like that love a 32 some really interesting bleeps in that bit
by the way nine hundred eight I vote on the pool nine eighty nine will be a thousand
of no time at all just relax we got that thousand lick man it's all we care about
ain't it sure five six seven oh five sixty let's get a parade of calls going
here now let's do a five year lightning round what do you say do it see it's not
that I'm interested and I've already told you this as far as I'm concerned I could
do this until I croak it's fine with me like in about a week you know but it's just
working for these people is not the it's just it's just become too distasteful
they don't say do I know what you're saying it's you're come too much of a
battle you know it's like it's like it's like we're at war look they're making it
worth your while what what does that mean you know some of us have the pleasure
of working here for no money right and taking and taking the same amount of crap
right or more to show you whether you're making a lot or a little it's the same
effort five six seven oh five sixty pound whatever that means I don't know what
that means just to try to make you feel a little better even though I know
it won't that's why your insides are twisted twisted kishis baby don't we have
a bit called twisted kishis I think we do yeah that's coming up let me
forget about that WQI am hello
doctor chef you WQI am hello my darling angel love you all the time I'm just a
fool I'll fall in love with you you fairy WQI am hello
I'm out of here wow holy moly it sounded like they were like inside each other's
body parts I think they were wow WQI am hello hello
you go any you go any he's back to it wait wait wait wait
yeah you never wanted to get some speech therapy okay schmuck get some help
and you can go on a Chris Matthew show and they could talk together about
politics WQI am hello how you doing I like a little balance a little bit of
calls a little bit of stories you're doing good that even the crazy calls are
entertaining man just letting you know do you think watch cocaine cowboys I
got to do that cocaine cowboys yeah new movie really I got to have you
about that guy's a gay cowboy movie no it's about you know fun times down here
fun times down here is not like an oxymoron fun times in South Florida you know
in the 80s with the cocaine cowboys I was eating at the gingerbread man that's
right when you were eating the dinner bread when I was taking a leak of the
fourth urinal from the left by the way for those who are keeping track my lucky
urinal is the middle one at the front tea room at Wubbi is my lucky
urinal I remember I was talking with Hank about that when we did those stupid
incident crossover there for a while now you have lucky underwear no I do not
have lucky underwear that's a good point though I should start thinking about
that these when I had a good machine what I should do is take that pair of
underwear like you know and wash them and put them aside separate or maybe not
even wash them just wear all the time like some of those slabs do out there some
of the slime that comes in on the bus oh remember that fact we had the other day
about somebody smells of the new new casino a Gulfstream the sites the sounds and
the smells of prune world we have a thousand votes how do you like that
that's actually speaking of these sounds of prune world why can't I'm just sitting
here on the edge of my seat waiting for the next email from Norma Kent aren't you
excited about it WQ a.m. hello again WQ a.m. hello hello Neil Charlie
see you. WQ a.m. hello I'm always like this yeah go go sing in the turtle
it okay you'll put your head into bowl and sing face face down be good WQ
I think he's auditioning Q a.m. hello hello yes sir can I hear the black car
alarm skid what oh yeah big black car name for your back and forth yeah I bring
you for them they're passing the phone back and forth they're passing it around and
the phone too wouldn't be the first time WQ a.m. hello WQ a.m. hello I have that was
Rick Shaw by the way doing the a juah Clay A.K. and I do a duolakon I wonder if
you like it is kind of Clay A.K. and I sure hope not for his say the birds in the
bees remember that you will A.K. and what here no let me tell you thousand five
votes on a poll and a caller is man so far the audience isn't to enchanted
with your performance the calls are back what's your face am I right dual A.K. oh
yeah A.K. and I play A.K. and I'll listen to regardless share it in 52 whether
you take calls or just fart or through a megaphone the caller's blow 26 that's
20.4% and getting worse by the minute callers blow time will tell 188 time will
tell thank god they're back 150 big improvement 91 and I hate this poll a mere
18 out of over a thousand thousand five votes 1.7% hate the poll today well that's
good they're in a better mood wish I could say the same not a good idea come
on here and start Billy again about wow you know and nobody wants to hear your
problems it's just like at the casino you know well you I'm losing five hundred
dollars yeah maybe I'm losing my ass and some schmuck there oh gee I'm down for
who cares okay go tell your problems to somebody else go get a crying towel go
out in the back in the pee on the tracker something out of my face god nobody
wants to hear other people's problems we all got our own problems our own issues
nobody wants to hear it so let me tell you about Joyce I'm sorry
w.a.m. hello from a job to a queen
service w.a.m. hello hey nearly how you doing man okay sir I was thinking
why don't you guys first see in these calls man is that for that help or what no
okay well well screen the cost for what purpose now because you get all these
idiots calling in I'm thinking maybe you have Josh who's not doing anything you
know he's eating he's in there eating free food man don't be interfering with
his lunches you say I don't know how I manage man now it like like like after all
of these years like we need instruction how to do a a a call-in show you screen
the calls and it's the same crap yeah but at least you wouldn't be putting all
these idiots on the air and that's the reason why they call it let me say it again
it's the same people okay do you understand you understand what I'm saying they
call in they'll say to Josh you'll ever be screened the cost how can I talk to
you please like a very normal person and then as soon as you punched the button
it's like whatever you know like that that's the way it works I mean they may
be stupid but they're not that stupid okay it's just like Joyce all over again
what if you guys would just screen we don't want to screen the calls I don't want
I don't enjoy screen the cost I like doing spontaneous you know I'm saying
spontaneous just pick them up live all the other shows screen the calls yeah
oh let's talk to Ed and Pembroke Pine that is that is so pass-a-man it's like
white bucks and again we need real instruction on the show how to do a show after
all of these years not those big numbers and making all these Indians at
all this for these grave robbers I need something to call in and I'm not
talking about the color you know he had good intentions he's just a
puts one of your people I beg your pardon I said I don't but the bottom line is
when we get it from these a man it like like Joyce like she knows something
about radio she would know a radio if you took one of those big old floors
of those Philco floor models and shove the whole thing up for actually would
know radio the only problem is she's running then company that's the
problem and we got a general manager who talks a good game and is a good guy
but he's just a little weak just a little on the weak side the biggest
name is the wind broadgers for radio 560
yes sir yes I wanted to talk to you about
about one about one
about one biggest cars and boats now we're talking about bridges over the
causeway not the ones in your mouth I don't have any my friend okay okay
yeah condoms
for the deep breath was it regulated by the nine and a quarter of
engineering that didn't you know well it is all bridges over now that
the waterway if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking see what's that I
said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the
first place okay well I'm saying sir is that the United States Corps of
Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over now the boat waterways over
one navigable waterway yes sir okay okay yeah so it's up to them to
decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic yes and
what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir I'm telling you that
they come up with a time well what what is the time I believe it's that
wish our times sir that they are not open to marine traffic other than that
they are open to marine traffic so in other words any slump with the boat can
come along and back up traffic for you absolutely correct well what kind of a
communist bunch of crap is that that is not a communist bunch of crap sounds like
some kind of reentethal fascist Tommy Pinko
is that a guy who will be able to one boat right exactly
the boat is going to stop for five thousand cars is that it no I think that
fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jack as in his boat I think that's
what they ought to do man you better know your law is Mr. because you sure don't
that's right I suppose you want the man's bridges closed to both traffic and
a hurricane I want the bridges closed period okay I want them closed I want
the bridge tent to go home and watch a MTV and get the hell out of our
life I want those bridges closed let him use the junior tunnel okay I think
they all are going to George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge
tenters how do you like that sir okay 14 no no there it is for that lady I apologize
that Georgia tried to talk me out of playing it I just forgot about playing it
you think she's still there she must be sure hope so because I play that just
for her in 30 years there's the one really memorable call it's no Mr.
Airstream but it's the best we can do well we had a couple of other others that
I put on that disc over there you know the tree lady what now the tree lady
wasn't all I've been out of the stamp guy like I said there was one call yeah
and that's one every 10 years okay so we extend for another 10 years we'll have
a pump it out the hits see I find it very bizarre I mentioned this to your buddy
Joe Bell yesterday your close companion and lunche a mate I mentioned to me
yesterday I find it very bizarre that he on the one hand is one day talking
to normal about extending my deal until I'm a hundred years old and then the
next day Joyce is on the phone with normal like like a crazy person yeah she
should only seriously somebody should come along and take like a very sharp
instrument and just slice her apart sell by sell
1023 votes on the pool the calls are back what's your take well I don't want to
read that only a 2011 say the colors but that's they're opinion you know I
think the colors they've been okay not great yesterday they were actually
pretty good for the first day right out of the box that's because we caught them
off guard never ever announce ahead of time what you're gonna do you know I'm
saying right because then the the grapevine gets it going WQA and hello
hi Neil yes ma'am hi how you doing hi I've been wanting to call you oh
all summer you weren't taking calls I'm so glad you mentioned Johnny Dark one day
and he's an old friend of mine from radio stations past we were doing it
doodas and Davie yeah it's surf and see that's right but anyway I used to
see him a lot you know I'd meet him on the Gufford lunch and when you guys
yeah yeah yeah at IOD on the causeway he said he was
ready to take me I want to meet Neil he said no you got real like in
stock that I asked and then he went country on me and I just wanted to tell you
I never saw him again I wanted to meet you and he wouldn't let me go let
him so much say hi Johnny by the way next time you see him at doodas well I
don't go there that's just thing but I will if I see him I definitely
tell him he called about him where did they see he was working somewhere oh he
said kiss his dream Johnny Dark is still a kiss yes or I know oh my god
he'll be coming in there for a free lunch again okay thanks we'd have a
great day we'll mention your name to him okay he'll say oh Johnny Dark say a
hole is what I'm hearing and he's okay but boy that was really bad today he
popped and then that's me being weak again see that's weak old Neil uh-huh but
that reputation being a hard-ass and all the other crap and he pops himself
down there and so we like feed him you know and then he decided he was gonna
kind of start showing up and he wasn't even working in the building at that time
he was like working over at the enemy somewhere who knows where
concerning with the enemy I sure hope he's nice to learn of St. Dan
plaid shirts though I mean people talk about my sloppy dressing my god I'm a
fashion complete a fashion complete compared to him fashion plate no fashion
complaint god same old flannel plaid shirts oh man Johnny you know what the
ones I'm talking about mm-hmm I actually see him in Amsterdam or I wasn't
I supposed to but that's right I was supposed to meet him in Amsterdam that
time member yes I do I talked him to go into Europe and he had a great time and he
thanked me profusely for a time to do it and all that other crap never ran into
him no in Amsterdam he disappeared he vanished probably found some hot
chick five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and leave a resume although I
tell you who I did meet in Amsterdam that time was muff and her friend tough yeah
now can you believe what I did for that child this morning can you actually
believe that I did that I'm shocked and dismayed but you are I'm not you just
made oh considering what you said after he left the room I didn't knock him I
just said he's all I'm not gonna ask me to rely for you know I didn't say you
knocked him listen at this point at this stage of the game there's a really
make a difference you know of course we've been on the station for 10 years do we
have any credibility left at all they don't even understand the word it's not
in their vocabulary it isn't in the vocabulary credibility what's that we have
any start up again let's all they know is give us the money baby give us the
freaking money you know my suggestion is keep losing all those millions on the
marlins that's a good investment so we can be the sports mavens see all of these
stations I've said this before I'll say it again we went through the same thing
and I would do all the way at least they didn't have a hundred hours of sports
programming on the air every day but they were just as not sick and just as
obsessed with the dolphin broadcast and with the canes and all the other crap
you know and probably losing money on them and it's the same thing here across
the street poor Joel fibers losing his ass on the freaking dolphins and once they
go in the skids again which ought to be very soon then they're really gonna be
losing like crazy and we lose our ass on those Marlin games you know but it
helps to make us the sports leader or the sport yeah right see it's it's one
thing if you're like camo x and same Lewis and you got the cardinals and the
blues whatever else you got all the you know local yokeal sports teams and you're
making a fortune on it or w a b c or the fan in New York you know but when it's
like a lost leader and then we have then we have to try to make up the extra
cash to make up for the minor losing on the Marlin games and that's the way it
works it's always been that way hasn't it yes wq a m hello
yeah sir wq a m hello
q a m chak raises me don't ignore you wq a m hello
oh
q a m hello nilly baby yes sir happy Tuesday to you George Southay what's going on
guys you know you know from Hollywood and I just wanted to check in with you I
voted to listen regardless but the calls glow man if you've got a brief moment
on a good call I'd like to ask you if you heard of this new film documentary
which came out a few weeks ago called the obsession the movie radical Islam
war against the west no no it's pretty good I think you guys would enjoy this
just pretty much explains you know the threat of radical Islam and you know the
common denominators between the Nazi movement and these Islamic radicals I
think it's a right wing propaganda but I think it's a movie you guys would
enjoy a little bit of Islamophobic to me I beg your pardon I said have a great day
now speaking of people sending me a DVDs some guy named what's his name again Joe
Joe mama yeah send me a DVD of a 9-11 documentary and I was dying to watch it
I put it in a won't play which one was it just it's just his 9-11 I said and it won't
play huh it was from Joe mama Joe Bell no not Joe Bell Joe Bell don't send me
nothing but grief all the way let's get my checks there on time nice going
Joe good work man that's about you know the limit of their that's their
capacity that's the most they can do is finally get those checks out good work
only took me like nine and a half years to get that done now they show up like
clockwork now they could just leave us the hell alone and give us a little bit of
assistance you know just a little bit but like he said you don't ask for anything
and that's what you get nothing and of course even if you do ask for something
it's still what you're gonna get nothing from these grave robbers but they're
on the stock exchange you know what that reminds me what everyone we're at
Paxton and they had to John Ford to those stupid as uh... rejoins yeah
uh... Paxton broadcasting and you are a stock exchange oh gee and he just the
way he said it was so idiotic he was a creative monster
you know you have a half of that right that they told us
creative genius w.a. q.a. m. hello
w.a. q.a. m. hello
they are yes sir
hey um... regarding the bedtime stories
yeah it has to be all or nothing
um...
i kind of like the bedtime stories everyone's a lot
now i'm interspersing a few you know i mean i don't want to overdo it
all right is that okay do i have your permission to do that
okay yeah uh...
that's it
okay thank you okay
well here's one
uh... what what
story
yeah bedtime story
former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani is tops in a new pool measuring the
likability
among registered voters of american political figures many of whom are potential
two thousand eight presidential candidates
quinnipiac is released is latest quarterly reading of voter sentiment about
national leaders in which Giuliani placed first with a sixty four point two
mean score
guess who came in second
overall and let the democrats with a mean score fifty point eight percent
Hillary no oh thank god
Barack Obama
oh good
other prominent names in the poll john McCain
was third with a fifty seven point seven score
condom Lisa was first among women with fifty six point one and fourth place
senator swallahry clinton was in ninth place way behind
and incoming housepeak and anti-policy was number twelve that pitch
former president bill clinton was fifth
and create interestingly
senator july brim and a survived a primary loss in a center race but one is
independent
placed six in the quinnipiac pool
a boosted a lot of a recent rumor that he might also run for president two
thousand eight oh my goodness
senator john carry for a still feeling effective is botched joke last month
came in the last in the poll
and every time we take a poll on who should be the candidate in two thousand
john carry comes in dead last
in other words he may not be good at least
but he's consistent
the
the
this is pretty quick whenever i shape my ball
i listen to the meal Rogers twelve to one hour
seventeen dropouts on the streaming but it's too amounting spent
on the first day of
all right
my parents gave to me
a picture of my
bad
and
for me
and
on the second day of
and
my parents gave to me
to
second
trade over the picture of my
bad
and
for me
all
and
on the third day
my parents gave to me
three
of the shirt
two
taken trade over the picture of my bad
and
for me
oh you look at it
is it the real thing on the head?
it's a fake
on the fourth day of
and
that's cool
my parents gave to me
lovely
helping
using
acknowledging
include
ball
sleigh
her
and
when
no
fetish
every
me.
Hi.
On the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents yelled at me.
For wanting a Christmas tree.
Oh, what Jimmy's got one?
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
And not watching candy.
Not watching shadows.
Or a picture of my fat and burnt knees.
Oh, me.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah, my parents made me see.
If I were a rich man, look.
I'm going to song every year.
In front of my fat and burnt knees.
I'm fat.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah.
Not bad.
My parents made me see.
Seven greasy ladkas.
Oh, if I were a rich man.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Christmas tree.
Now.
Hi, this is a cut.
On the eighth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Nothing that I wanted.
Seven greasy ladkas.
Yes, I want a rich man.
Where is my Christmas tree?
I'll be kosher candy.
Three ugly shirts, two stinking trails.
And a picture of my fat and burnt knees.
Oh, me.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah.
Happy Achanukkah, baby.
Merry Christmas.
Happy Kawanza.
Happy New Year.
And all those other Kakarai.
12.04 at 5.60.
Speaking of Kakarai, there's the Pope.
He's in a turkey.
Speaking of turkeys.
Looking for reconciliation with Islam.
He wants to give him a cup.
He's so sorry they were offended.
But of course, he made every word he read.
So Rick Shah's retiring.
That's the big news.
Veteran DJ Rick Shah headed for retirement.
That's the mainstream news, baby.
Great job, Rick.
I hope they threw you a big bash and give you like a whole bunch of parting gifts, etc.
And so on.
Like a big Cadillac.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Mm-hmm.
Of course, that Bob Hamilton, the PD.
Maybe he'll even let you play some good music between now and January.
But I doubt it.
Wouldn't that be beautiful?
That'd be something.
Maybe a good way to go out.
Like...
Like that.
No.
What?
Oh, there's a good song to go out to.
I wasn't even paying any attention.
That's why I was short-ling.
I wasn't paying no attention.
But when you got it...
You got it.
Big L.O.R.
And to me, Bob.
You know what I mean?
This Jackie in the history of the business that I've ever had a pushcart named after.
And I'll say that.
That's a Polk card, I think.
You're gonna like this story.
I don't want to get too intensive with the bedtime stories.
But I do want to express a lot of calls because that's where it's at this week.
This is the phone call return week.
Got to take a bunch now.
Okay, we'll take them all right now.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Oh, that was it?
That was the memory of our call.
There's nobody on here.
This thing is now, this thing's reacting kind of slow.
How many more to tell you what I'm looking at?
What do you mean by that?
All kinds of errors, double images.
I got more.
I got more.
Technical issues in the studio there again, which is another one of many, many reasons why I won't ever do a show in that place again.
And that memo.
Because it's not fit for human consumption or a vocation or anything else.
It doesn't work anymore, but that doesn't work.
Okay, so mark it down on your wrist at noon on the second day.
Not of Hanukkah, but on the second day of our phone call returning.
That's when they ran out of material at noon.
Are you shocked?
No.
Neither should I be.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
We want a call.
Okay, well, call and say something.
You know, call.
Go ahead.
We're inviting you.
We're asking you to call if you have something to say.
And if you're like a mental midget, we'd prefer that you just go blow your brains out if you could find any.
Pretty weak.
Pretty weak performance by this crowd.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hola.
So I knew it was nice.
I thought you were having the callers back.
It's a little more entertaining sometimes.
Yeah.
But I've been still listening to you.
I'm beautiful.
I'm surprised me.
Anything got to be better in that signal in Miami.
Okay, radius.
Have a great day.
Nice talking to you, Neil.
Okay, go go knock off Joyce during your lunch hour.
Do something useful.
WQAM.
Hello.
Oh.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you, buddy?
Very good.
I'm a long time listener and I always enjoy your opinions in your show.
And I think you got a great life and we all want to be you.
I do have a great life.
No, you don't want to be me.
Hey, listen.
I'd rather be Brady Quinn, to be honest with you.
I bet you would.
Listen, I went to see Aros and at the other night.
All right.
Now we're talking.
From Sirius Townsend, Sirius Music.
Let me tell you, Stephen Tyler and Joe Perry, the guitar player.
They never sound it or looked better.
They rocked out and all the young people were bumping and grinding.
And it was just one beautiful thing.
Yeah, they're timeless, man.
They were awesome.
Unfortunately, the bass player is sick.
He has throat cancer and he's out.
They said he's recovering and the band is just was great.
And I know you like them and they was just a fabulous.
No, I don't like them.
I love them.
Well, it was it was good.
Well, glad you enjoyed it, pal.
I have a great life.
Thanks, buddy.
See you.
Now, see, there's a good call.
Not exciting, but a good call.
And he saw Aros Smith and the Stevie.
He said, Stevie Tyler never looked better.
I would disagree with that.
Josh was there.
And Josh was there.
Do you was a good?
No.
I agree with the caller.
They sounded great, but they didn't play any hits.
I actually recognize I think three songs, which is ridiculous considering they could probably
do a two-hour show with just hits that they put out.
What the hell do they sing?
I don't know, but I was with the young people that he said were grinding.
And my friends left.
And I stayed waiting for, you know, like I said, I was waiting for you to do a three-hour show.
I will agree that they sounded great, but they weren't singing their hits for some reason.
I don't know if they have new stuff out that they were trying to push on people.
But people were...
I don't want to go see some group and have them sing a bunch of songs I never heard of before.
Right.
That's what was going on.
Kind of like Rick Nelson, you know, in that Garden Party thing all over again.
Do you know what I'm saying?
No.
What do you say?
The people in Madison Square Garden wanted to hear him sing all of his hits.
And he sang a bunch of crap that nobody ever heard of before.
A bunch of country music crap that nobody wanted to hear.
And they all got pissed off and they were booing and hissing.
And then he got all in the hissing thing.
And then he died.
What the hell was that?
Rick Nelson.
That wasn't Rick Nelson.
It wasn't?
What wasn't?
I might have been the audio from that Tom Brady video.
I'm about to forward to you.
Tom Brady video.
Is it greeting hard to hit?
What's Tom Brady video?
What are you talking about?
Nick sent along a YouTube video.
It's like a Tom Brady tribute video and I'll forward it along.
Check your...
You're even better than the one where the secretary is sitting at the desk and he's squeezing her boobies and that's when we already got on there for long time.
This is kind of a montage collage kind of thing.
Good.
Well, you know, Tom Brady's out and Brady Quinn is in.
All of Tom's okay in my book.
Check your outlook expressing.
By the end of that bear's game, now I don't know if Josh Watts is still a bit of end when the game was actually over.
And you know how the coaches shake hands and hold it.
And then the players go in a...
You know, they smooth around with some of their friends on the other team.
Right.
And you can tell just by looking at those guys, how much respect they have for Tom Brady.
They love him, man.
They just love him.
And he's got...
He just got a magnetic personality.
He's got that smile and all those glowing teeth.
He like radiates it from the neck up.
From the neck down.
And not so good.
Yeah, they're expecting you right on there.
I don't know if they love him, but yeah.
I'm not talking about love like physical love.
Like they want to do him.
And that's all you know, man.
That's all you in your generation know is doing and doing and doing.
What's the point?
Where's Jacob, by the way?
I'd do him.
Not anymore, I don't think.
I don't know.
Pictures too far away.
Now, the picture ever like you.
Do you ever see it?
Yeah, now I sign.
No.
He seems to have stayed fit for what it's worth.
Really?
Well, that's good.
That the high marks in my like like Brady Quinn.
I mean, he may have a little bit of a chipmunk head in those pictures because he doesn't photograph well.
Although, you know, if you want to see what Brady Quinn really looked like, all they had it was watched the West Sea Notre Dame game on Saturday.
Because just like Josh said yesterday, he's right.
They showed Brady Quinn from every angle upside.
They had a camera inside of him.
That's right.
Oh man, that was the one I liked.
Woo!
That was heavy duty.
But at any rate.
So, you know, some people just don't photograph all that well.
They're not that photogenic.
But he's in pretty good shape.
And of course, if you're going to be a great big star college football player,
when the high's been trophy, be the number one draft pick, which he's probably not going to do either one of those.
Who is going to win the high's been trophy?
Because I don't pay any attention to college football.
Probably Troy Smith, Ohio State quarterback.
Ohio State, that horseball team number one, draw it.
Oh my God, you got to be kidding me.
That's a girls team.
I know, the number one they beat Michigan even after both Shem Beckler.
See, Bowel was trying to like put Michigan over the top. He did his best, you know.
He gave it up for the old squad.
You know what I'm saying?
That's what he did to try to inspire them.
And for a while, it looked like they really had it.
It was a hell of a game.
I didn't see it though. I don't want it.
Because I don't really give a crap about either one of those teams.
And I was glad to see Michigan lose.
I'm sorry, my dog.
Sorry.
Just that Michigan state bitterness that continues.
We just hate Michigan like poison.
Just like poison, the freaking Wolverines.
But then again, they take it very seriously.
We don't. That's why we don't really care.
What about that Michigan state quarterback?
What else is named Drew?
Do a pitcher? What's his name?
Stanton.
Right. See, I'm glad.
Just testing.
Now is he supposed to be like a big hot shot, too?
Well, that's what Drew Rosenhouse would say.
Yeah, well I guess so.
Drew Stanton sucks.
And so does Drew Rosenhouse.
What the fuck?
The old guy.
Scott Brady out.
I want some wind.
You ain't seen no dead boy like Brady Quinn.
Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.
He's a football player, too.
A silent world of meat.
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to do to eat.
I want the kids who go on a date.
But there's no chance at all.
So does the make me a sportsman if I want to see him grab the balls?
Whole bed and wow.
Look at that kid.
You ain't seen no dead boy like Brady Quinn.
Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.
I've got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do a lot of what I ain't gonna ever get none.
No other days of a busy school, OK?
That's not so great.
But I'm just going to live madly, at least until he's 28.
I'm Brady, he's out.
I want some weed.
You ain't seen no dead boy like Brady Quinn.
Whole day and the wow.
Look at that kid.
You ain't seen no dead boy like Brady Quinn.
Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.
Oh, well, this is a pain that he asked.
This is my space thing.
And, you know, you register the thing and then you've got to put a photo in there.
And all of a sudden, crap, I'm not going to go through all of that.
Not to go through nothing, just sign in with your email and password.
The one that Miguel gave you when he created it.
What are you talking about? He'd give me squad.
So, like I said, we'll figure that out.
I mean, invent something, OK?
Invent something that'll work.
I mean, you know, I'm interested in seeing how my buddy Jacob is doing.
And if that's the same person, I'm not that interested.
You know what I'm saying?
You don't have to do no picture, nothing.
You're a good guy, Jacob.
But I'm not going to go through all kinds of acrobatics to try to hop on this thing.
Well, it all depends on what I'm hopping on.
The calls are back. What's your take, baby?
This is the second day. This is a momentous time in a history of radio.
Rick Shaw's retiring.
Neil is certainly thinking about a real serious, especially from this radio stage.
And anyway, I keep checking my email to see if I got a message.
But I don't.
You're an outlook email.
You're an outlook express.
No. OK.
I don't use it for that.
I know, but you have an inbox.
Never the last. And there's something in there.
Oh, it's the Tom Brady thing?
Yeah.
Why did you? Well, here's something in my inbox.
Welcome to my mice.
My space.
Very nice. Oh, you were like making an account accidentally inadvertently.
Right.
Creating an account. No need for that.
Because it said in order to go on the thing there, you have to like sign in.
I'll get what your password is from Miguel and, uh, yeah, find out what else is going on with this crap.
OK. And I don't want to do that.
I don't want to have no account.
Do you understand?
I don't want to communicate with some of these people.
Although some of them on the other hand, maybe I do.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe I do.
Maybe and maybe not.
So I got to check my outlook expressed.
Correct.
And how will my outlook be affected?
Probably positively.
Well, that's good. I need that this week.
Very negative week, man.
Our bio rhythms are really down this week because of a measly broadcasting.
And don't buy their stock by the way they suck.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey.
WQA, I'm hello.
QAM.
Going once.
Going twice.
Last call. WQA, I'm hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I shouldn't say welcome back, huh?
No, don't know.
Why don't people have been saying that last two days?
I didn't go anywhere yet.
Well, I just wanted to call in.
This is the Julio that always fizzes you off by saying that at least 50% of a Neil Roger is audience or Julio's remember.
Whatever you say.
OK, OK, you're remembering now.
I'm also the same Julio told you about how two gods is always losing his ass.
He's the generic gambler and he's always.
Let me issue something.
I mean, you know, aside from identifying yourself and telling me what you always said in the past, which quite frankly, who cares?
What is it you want to tell me today?
Well, I'm trying to tell me who you are.
Listen, I know I'm going to have a week call, but for whatever it's today, I'm going to fit in like a glove.
I just wanted to say it's great to hear you taking calls again.
Is it?
Yeah, it is being honest about it.
I'll hear, you know, listen either way, but it is better when you mix with your Julio DJ last.
Yeah, the other thing is much too much work, man.
Way too much work.
Can't handle it too much work.
Oh, yeah.
Especially for these bastards, these ungrateful bastards, I'm going to sit here and do hours a day, pumping out bedtime stories.
So I can sit here and talk to myself for four hours, screw them, man.
Screw them and the boat they came in on.
Yeah, just do a little mixing there and just mix and mix and mix and mix and have Josh happy holidays and a great career.
Okay, that's not the same.
I'll say how the two guys and have a great day.
Wow.
It was good.
Tell me that wasn't a great call, huh?
That was something.
There was something.
I can't use the word on a year.
Otherwise, we'll get joist.
Yeah, I just see I apologize to myself for that for paying attention to these people, or at least to her.
I mean, who the hell is she to be making crap up?
Okay, we got enough problems with the FCC now.
There's a spot for Rexall.
Who the hell are you?
There's a spot for Rexall drugstore that runs, been running here for a long time for years.
TV spot.
And they show a little doll.
There's a doll on there.
And they say, are you buying your stomach remedies from the same story you buy a doll?
And then the doll goes like that and cuts one, you know?
Yeah.
The idea of being that Rexall specializes in whatever, drugs.
And believe me, when you work for this stuff, you need a lot of drugs.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but I'm going to have to get in the habit of pumping these numbers again, man.
I know that they're not ringing now, but it's just you're out of the habit.
You just don't even do it.
In fact, it's pretty pleasant.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen, I had to kind of get out of the car when you were reading that list.
About how possible presidential candidates were ranking.
Yeah.
So, what was in terms of popularity, not as far as being a president?
Oh, okay, it's popularity.
Was GOR on that list? I'm curious.
Don't got it.
Not on the list.
No, not on that list.
No, because, you know, it's about carry bombing out on that list and how it always does on your polls.
And I just think that GOR, even though you keep on saying he's not, GOR is going to make a run.
And I think GOR is going to really have found his voice now.
Like, nobody ever comes, you know, can really win it after they lost so close.
So, after a few years off, GOR found his voice a couple years ago.
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein, torture president.
Yeah, he found his voice.
So, any problem was a little bit too late, you know?
Yeah, well, that's the thing.
He did it at a good time.
Now, he's got people back interested in him.
But it's not during his own election where people will say that he freaked out.
And I think if you pair him up a Barack Obama, you got one hell of a ticket.
And so, I'm just, I don't, I mean, you know, it's all wishful thinking because I'm sure they're going to just waste each other's money battling.
Joe Yewerman is going to waste money and Clinton is going to spend all of her money and we're going to wind up with some piece of junk.
But it's...
I was thinking of piece of junk with the Prime Minister of Iraq.
There you go.
There's a piece of junk right on my TV screen.
I don't know.
How many want to know?
Also, I got a two quick questions.
One, if I want to send you to George, we'll probably just George down the radio station, a CD of my band with some good protest music.
Do I just send it to the radio station?
Yes.
I just put it in my monitor.
My name is Henry.
Put a tension, George Rodriguez, Ojo Provaca, to run her.
He'll get a care of Julianne, drop it at the front, whatever.
QAM, it's kind of mail it up at the free of other stations.
You can mail it, whatever you want.
Mail it.
I can't send it in the bottle, whatever you like.
The last thing, a technical question about the website.
Every time I go to vote, the page that shows the results will not come up and it says that I'm schmuck and I can't do it.
And I want to know that I do something wrong with my firewall or something.
Are you using AOL?
No.
I don't know.
Every time I hit both, the screen comes back and I...
Maybe I'm mocking you.
Something wrong.
I don't know.
I have a ticket.
And to my side, no, no can do.
Well, good luck to you, pal.
You okay?
We'll survive.
Okay.
See you, pal.
Okay.
Maybe he's a schmuck.
It's not like you've got to me, though.
Send us a picture.
Sure.
And a...
No, no, no, no.
Album.
So I'm better at looking at this next break.
I better look at my outlook, express.
Maybe I'll improve my outlook.
I just got through saying that.
I think I sent a couple other things there, but I forget it was a while back.
You did?
Right after you created it.
Why are you using that thing now?
I just used that to send Josh to a 600-bed time story.
Because I know it'll get there.
Oh.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
We got Mr. Mann, which is coming up at 2 o'clock.
Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz and Pomano during their winter event going on
right now.
The all-new 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 is just arrived and joins the 2007 S550 to create an unprecedented
driving experience.
And during the Mercedes-Benz and Pomano winter event, enjoy a lease in finance, specials on C, E,
ML and R-class vehicles, plus the motor trans SUV of the year, the GL450.
Mercedes-Benz and Pomano's got over two-odd employees working their brains off, dedicated to providing
you in comparable service, offering you convenient service hours, courtesy vehicles, and complimentary
car washes for valued customers too.
They even offer you a dealer miles to service their service customers as well, like I said.
Whereas the render expo, you'll find over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or on the wicked
web click on Benz Pomano.com.
Experience the difference during the big winter event going on right now in Mercedes-Benz
and Pomano at I-95 in Copen's Road, 1-800-New Benz, for Mercedes-Benz and Pomano wishing
you and your family a joyous holiday season, 1-800-any-W-B-E-N-Z.
The biggest name, sub-best talent for this is Neil Rogers.
Am I Jr. Honey?
Goodbye, and Brumsfeld, drop dead and burn in hellin'.
It's much too late to confess that I arrived was just for oil.
We hope you die of festering wars.
You know you're pretty stinking old, but you will never die so.
How about a nice refreshing drunk on the water cold?
That your pals at Blackwater asked for.
And there were many unknowns and those you didn't know that most they were unknowns.
Go tell the Germans about your platform's concentration camps.
Your pentagon press agency has been detained.
Tricks like bush on down, your failure and disgrace.
The Robin Hood of G.
Bye bye, Johnny.
We'll really miss you.
Not 12.32 at 5.60 W.D. Creme.
So Tom Brady looks really lovely there from the chin up like how we see that dimple on his chin.
He looks so lovely.
I watched that almost the whole thing there during the break.
I brought it here to my fly.
But at any rate, and who's that other guy I know that thinks he's hot stuff?
What are the email you sent me? Who's that guy?
I don't remember.
And the bikini bathing suit and the whole video?
Oh, another video?
Yeah.
Oh, that was a comedy.
It's a huge.
That's what the kind of fun things they do in Australia.
Those macho men down there.
I didn't watch it.
Yeah, it's a comedy.
Not that you tell me it's a comedy.
Comedy could be for serious.
Plus I had a lovely, I've watched Tom Brady.
This is right up your alley speaking of perversion.
Holly Hill, Florida.
Where the hell's Holly Hill?
Anybody know?
No.
Is it over by Brandon, Josh?
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
No, seriously.
Come on.
You are so negative.
I don't know where it's at.
What?
You know, I'm going to Google it.
Google it.
Maybe they got a chamber of commerce.
There'll be a whole bunch of stuff here about Holly Hill.
Well, when I read these, you mean Holly Hill, Florida?
Oh, I put Hoolie Hill.
Well, sorry.
Hoolie Hill?
Oh, here's a map of Holly Hill.
Oh, Ultimat Springs.
It's North, isn't it?
It's bought by Daytona.
Okay, that's all I need to know.
It's up by Daytona.
Get rid of the map.
Where's Brady Quinn back again?
Okay.
A couple of his upsets some of the community in Holly Hill
by turning a rented Riverside house into an adult.
Swinger's Club.
Oh, my God.
Police say they can't do anything about never-ending bliss.
That's the name of it.
So long as nothing illegal happens.
They're behind closed doors and between consenting adults.
Its operators receive a cease-and-decease disorder
from code enforcement.
But stop requesting a donation from patrons
which made it legal.
Within an hour they removed any requirement
of paying money or paying dues
and the website has no advertising.
City Manager Joe Forteset, the state did what could
it investigate but we determined there were no criminal violations.
Never-ending bliss is described on a website as a very, very clean,
private invitation only alternative lifestyle club,
currently Daytona Beach News Journal.
Matthew Early, who operates the club with his partner, Nicky,
said about 20 couples ranging in age from 21 to 75.
Oi!
Meet on Friday and Saturday nights in the 3800 square foot place
which includes a dance floor where they pull.
Ha-ha-ha!
Oh no.
Gotta have a pole.
A dance floor with a big pole and everybody hops on it.
Maybe it's the May pole.
Maybe it's the...
Yay.
I don't know.
I'd see no pole in those time-ready pictures.
Well, he had his clothes on and all those pictures
which is just as good.
Because, like I told you, from the chin down is not so hot.
Nothing I'd get too excited about but nevertheless.
1123 votes on the pole.
Our pole.
We got a big pole in the middle of our dance floor.
The calls are back.
What's your take?
Now, maybe I'm taking this pole too fast.
I mean, we can take it again like in a few weeks, you know.
Assuming we're still taking calls.
Assuming I'm still here.
Assuming we're all still here.
You know, the gangs all here.
Who down knows?
Maybe they're gonna sell this dump.
Wouldn't that be great?
Ooh.
Right, you would check for the rest of your contract?
Yeah, they won't.
But Josh too.
The calls are back.
What's your take?
1123 votes.
All listen regardless.
403.
36%.
They'll listen no matter what we put on the air.
Like that.
They'll listen to that four hours a day.
And find that most amusing and entertaining.
The callers blow 232 over 20%.
20.6%.
Say the callers blow.
Well, there you go.
Ramms with blow.
Time will tell 203.
Give it a little time.
We'll see.
We'll see which way to win blows.
Thank God they're back 166.
Big improvement 98.
And I hate this poll only 1.8%.
21.1.
1.8.
Why'd they say one thing?
They sure like to have a 180 across the street.
Because at least then they'd have a one in front of the 0.8.
They got some real issues over there.
You know, what's the dolphins going to another tailspin
which won't be that far along?
Isn't it in two weeks that they play the Patriots again?
I believe.
Believe so, yeah.
Jacksonville is coming a week which will be...
Could be a loss, you know?
I'm not that impressed with the Jaguar.
You know, they're like one of those teams.
Come see, come saw.
Anybody watch the Seattle Game Lacing against Green Bay?
Anybody agree with me?
It's time.
We don't need 50 people in the booth first of all, okay?
You crazy people on ESPN.
Did you watch it?
A little bit of it, yeah.
Why do we need...
You know, I mean, I'm not knocking Steve Young.
He was a great quarterback and a lot of people say...
Yeah.
Whatever.
But he's articulating.
He's looking old and long in the tooth now.
But how many people do we need up there?
When I was watching the head, Jimmy Kimmel in the booth.
Oh my God.
It's kind of like our morning show with all those prefabricated segments trying to destroy those guys.
And that Tony Cornhole or what he adds to the show and your buddy Joe Thysman,
every time he had made some observation was wrong.
Every single time.
At least he's consistent and never shuts up.
But anyway, my observation was that, you know,
Bart Star should have hung it up.
Yeah, back when Bart Star was a baby.
What do you mean?
He's like, can away from the record.
I don't care what he's away from.
Okay.
Time to hang it up, Brett.
Tired to him.
I'm tired of all this hearts and flowers, you know.
His daddy died a long time ago and he played in the game and, you know,
had soft to Larry and yadda yadda.
But it's all over its ancient history, you know.
Because if he does break the record, then it's often going to have to bring Danny back.
Which compared to what they got now, be a big improvement, wouldn't you think?
Compared to Joey Heatherton.
Now, I shouldn't be saying that because now they're all sold on Joey Harrington, man.
He's the hero now, man.
He had a big game against his old buddies there in Detroit, a team that couldn't win a fixed game.
If they start with a 60 point handicap, they'd still find a way to lose the game.
That's how bad they are.
They're unbelievably bad.
Even George ain't betting on the Lions.
Sorry.
WQAM's fourth central.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
This is Jackie.
I'm calling for the vocal recceo.
Hi, Jackie.
How you doing?
Good.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, the reason I'm calling you is because I want to apologize.
I know my dad's...
...sorry.
So, and we've put in a stop at it.
I'm so mad at the office.
And I just want to apologize.
You know, he's not really so.
And he's a little out there, so I'm just stupid, man.
Do you understand anything that she's saying?
She has a retarded boyfriend who's a crank collar and he's in the background and we're on speakerphone and he's yuking it up with the put up call.
Oh, I see.
I should have hung up on a long time ago.
Okay, I wish you would have told me that.
Oh.
Well, that's really good.
Okay, in fact, I got a way to solve it.
Okay, just pull out the old piece, honey.
Do the whole world a big favor.
I couldn't understand the damn thing she was saying.
I was cutting it out.
That's because it was on the old speakerphone and he was sitting back there dancing on the maple.
Wow, cranking out of that.
No doubt.
1133 votes on the pole.
The calls are back in.
Wow.
Stop and think about that one for a few minutes.
Absorb that.
No thanks.
Let it seep into your pores and then out of your ass.
Like Joyce, you know, like let it enjoy seep out of your body parts.
The, the bane of my existence that woman I have never laid eyes on her.
I have no idea what she looks like, what she smells like.
All I know is that she is the bane of my existence and she'll do anything in her power
to like throw a monkey wrench into our lives.
Which frankly, I don't think any of us needs that.
Do we need that show?
No, my plate is full.
No, I'm sure.
Joy is hell don't need it.
And I sure is hell don't need it.
See, I think that's the, that's the mistake that I make talking about what a great life I have here.
Now, happy I am being here and everything is so great and all this other stuff.
You know, they don't like that.
They do not like that.
What can we do to make him more miserable?
What can we do to make his life like crap?
Yeah.
We hate you Joyce.
Okay, that's the bottom line.
The whole audience hates you.
The world hates you.
Even Heinrich Himmler hates you.
You bitch.
Only on the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
I don't care what you say about me.
You won't get another apology.
I only answer to see all my G.
Cause I'm the worst B O P E.
You can riot out in the streets.
You can burn me in a punchy.
I'll put it out with my paper P.
Cause I'm the worst B O P E.
So as your want, a piece of me.
Come to Vatican City.
I'll stab you with my heart that's pointy.
Cause I'm the worst B O P E.
You're sent up all your private piece.
If you want an apology, I'll say that you're mother's ugly.
That's from the worst B O P E.
Yeah.
Been in debt for 16th of the house.
Third of the Virgin Mother.
Pay for records.
2006.
I know.
Hey, there's the Pope in Turkey, maybe.
And he really is.
They should have stuffed him and put him on the spit.
Pro 46 at five, 50.
We have mad dog at two of the power hour between four and five.
Would Jim Manichin the Humper together for an hour?
I wonder whose idea that was.
Then we got Hank Goldberg solo between five and seven.
Panther P. was seven to seven thirty.
Panthers at Montreal to play in the Quebec nation.
Against the Canadian's at seven thirty.
Now, Abatonn.
And we got Hurricane Basque ball on 1360, which is at said 940,
but it's really 1360.
And nobody would be listening anyway.
Hurricane's at Northwestern.
But Clarice will be on air, squeaking away.
And then we got any care for all of that.
Are you excited about that?
Now, how can we send me what the Miguel was heading for my password?
Oh, cause we can't find him.
Yeah, he's out here.
Hmm.
Maybe somebody forgot to tell him to come in today.
I think I saw him today.
Well, the overwhelming democratic victory in the midterm congressional elections
gives us huge reason for overrides, Bob Gagher.
We still received signs on a daily basis showing just how much work we have to do
in repairing our country.
One piece evidence today comes from Passoga Springs, Colorado,
where Lisa Jensen is in deep trouble with her homeowner's association
for having the gold to hang a holiday wreath shaped like a peace sign on the side of her house.
Shame on you, Lisa.
I just wanted to put a message of peace out there, say Jensen,
who puts a wreath up about a week ago, not intending to be a statement against the war in Iraq.
I was really trying to be in favor of something.
Peace.
Give peace a chance, baby.
Peace on it.
But she's found out that such a radical statement may not fly in Arcolytta County,
which the Bush Cheney ticket carried easily with 62% of the vote in 2004.
And she's been threatened with a fine of 25 bucks a day by the Loma Linda,
Loma Linda Homeowner's association until the wreath is removed and it didn't.
How do you like that?
According to Bob Kern's association's president,
three or four residents have complained,
and at least one believed Jensen's declaration is a symbol of Satan.
I'll ride.
The peace sign has got a lot of negativity associated with it.
It's also an anti-Christ sign.
That's how it started, said Kern's.
Somebody could put up signs that say drop bombs in Iraq.
If you let one go up, you have to let them all go up.
That's got a picture on here.
This is on the raw story.
You know there's unsmurking chip.
Picture of the thing.
Very innocuous looking wreath with a peace symbol in the milk.
It's a holiday thing.
Kern's ordered a committee in the Homeowner's association to require Jensen to
remove the wreath and when the five member panel refused,
saying they saw nothing wrong with the festive declaration,
Kern's fired all five members from their posts.
How do you like that?
All right.
The association has strict rules,
preventing signs, flags, etc.
That can be considered divisive,
but says nothing about general holiday decorations,
which of course is what it is.
But we got a bunch of blue nose right wingers out there.
Man, excuse me for the repetition.
Blue nose right wing.
What is the Pope speaking of blue nose?
Speaking of Avery.
That was the result of that.
They have a long history, a long history of violence.
It says Muslims and Christians have a long history.
You have killing each other, just like the Jews and the Arabs,
just like the goyam and the other goyam.
Everybody.
All the religious nuts.
Can't say that though.
It's the wrong time of the year to be saying that we have to participate
in this festive holiday mood, don't we?
Yeah, we can participate.
1149 votes on the poll.
I'm still waiting for my password.
So Miguel's not in the building.
Maybe he's out to lunch.
Did I ever don't know you clowns that he might have gone out to lunch?
It has.
Oh, maybe he's out to lunch with Joe Dwell.
And maybe they're on a conference call with Norma Kent right now.
Plotting for the new midday show with Joe Zagaki.
Oh, yeah, I can't wait for that.
And Chris, Christina Moron.
56670560.
Let's get those phones cranked up, man.
If we're going to take a Zidane calls here today,
don't forget the rest of the audience is listening and they're grading you.
They're analizing.
So that chick was on her on a speaker phone.
I think it was cutting out.
Yeah, it was cutting out because there was sound in the background among which her boyfriend laughed.
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
56670560 and pound 560 in the Verizon Singular.
How wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
What happened to Bill Smith?
Hey, hey.
Yeah, let's get to Bill Smith's show on here along with Sandy Payton.
I thought he said Will Smith.
No, Bill Smith.
The hell's Bill Smith?
See, you don't even know what he's talking about.
That's Blind Mike.
Doing a little talk show trivia from on years ago.
I'm a K.C. and then I would do him.
I mean, it was Bill Smith had a very boring monotone child.
Fabulous.
Very boring.
Sorry, Sid.
I've only said a little bit about his great, but Bill Smith was a jerk.
Boring.
Real monotone.
Boring.
Anyway, that's enough of that crap.
Yeah, and you thought it was funny, you even understand what he said, see.
Goes to show us to go.
So who's Bill Smith?
WQAM, hello.
Hey, is it male?
Yes, it is.
Hey, now what's your beef with Joe's Gaki?
What's my beef with Joe's Gaki?
What's all that mean?
What's your poor...
You always have something negative to say about him.
Because he stinks.
That's why he's a good guy, but he stinks out of here.
That's very simple.
I don't have any beef with Joe.
He's a good guy.
Never stole a freight train.
He just is a terminal.
He sounds like he needs a personality transplant.
Other than that, he's great.
In fact, that promo that we played on that one hurricane touched down that we were playing last week, Josh.
Remember that?
Yes, I do.
That was...
I can't even put...
There are no words he even described it.
But nevertheless.
Hey, and we ought to be used to that by now.
Because we put off...
This station is famous for putting all sorts of people on the air who don't belong on the air.
We got all kinds of people.
One thing about us, man, no punches, pood.
If you drive a knee budget...
Yeah, and then...
And then of course...
No!
That!
Whatever that is.
WQAM, Joe's a Gaki line.
Hello.
That's a Mark Foley call.
QAM, hello.
Okay, Neil, how are you today?
Okay.
Have you...
I just want to make a couple of quick points.
Have you heard anything about the late Arnold's opening up?
No.
Okay.
I wouldn't hold my breath.
He called us before the beginning of the year, I think, and said he was...
I drove...
I drove by recently.
I saw a banner on the front of the place and said, we will reopen soon, but nothing's happening.
Didn't say what you're here.
Anyway, I do want to say that I still miss Bill Ross and Bob Weaver.
Just wanted to say that.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Like Ralph Rennick says, you'll know what it's time.
You'll know what it's time, but he was certainly perspricated at Old Ralph Rennick, you know what?
He knew what he was talking about.
And then he died.
I think his liver had a little bit of...
Maybe an issue or two in Armain?
Mm-hmm.
He liked to pop every now and then.
WQAM, hello.
Hi!
This is Uncle Ron Ted, the spotted blutter on his rubber side.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I heard Dr. Neal speaking.
Yeah, Joe's the Yankee think.
Yeah.
He sounds like...
He sounds like butters from South Park.
You ever hear that?
Oh, no.
That is bad.
All I think of me I've had a point.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What's...
You know, we know that.
There's a guy he sucks, okay?
We're gonna wake up one morning all of a sudden develop a personality and become a great play-by-play guy.
He's coma-inducing.
He's bad.
And then of course when he...
See, and when somebody's got no personality and then they try to like...
Pretend they have one.
And they try to fake excitement.
Oh my goodness.
It's like...
Like this.
Oh my!
Oh my!
Like that.
Oh, and speaking of that, there was a clip where the hell was it last night?
Maybe it was in between the 85,000 commercials on the ESPN football game.
And it was a clip for...
I don't know what that was for because it was an old clip for the expose.
Who the hell was it, pitched the perfect game?
Was it Dennis Martinez?
Yes.
I'm pretty sure.
About a zid in years ago.
And it sounded to me just like Dave Van Boring doing a call.
He called the game?
Yeah.
And it was just like when the Marlins of the World Series, he did it the same way.
It was pathetic.
I just stopped.
Okay.
No, I'm just telling you.
It's fine.
I'm not making this up.
I saw it last night.
I had never heard that before in my life.
And he's called in the final out.
It's a fly ball to write center field.
Look, that makes the catch.
And like, he had some corn ball line.
Oh, it was awful, man.
It was pathetic.
He is so boring.
But nevertheless.
Unless we need those Marlin games.
We need to keep losing millions on the Marlins.
And I wouldn't be surprised at all to see Greg Reed building that stadium with the Beasley's
money, would you?
Remember once upon a time there was some kind of stupid-ass discussion about that going on?
Yeah, I do remember that.
Yeah, talk about embarrassing.
And we were going to call the OJ Memorial Stadium.
It's a killer.
1158 votes on the pool.
What are you shmerkling about?
That wasn't even slightly amusing.
It was all something funny on TV.
Yeah, but you did.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Steve, look at that.
Steve, look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Correct.
This is W-F-A-D.
Yeah, this is the Fag Station, yes.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Nice and rich, you're way of church.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, what's up, man?
How you doing, sir?
Listen, I just saw the ultimate pig.
I just saw a special day cop in the hole and said, nope.
Honest to God, man.
He had a guy in a wheelchair full of gold.
Yeah.
For a kid.
Steve, listen.
I got it.
I'm kidding myself.
Listen to this.
I'm listening to this.
You really are.
And you ought to.
It's a good idea.
1158, man.
He was getting it.
He was sure tickling himself.
You know, I think he had a feather or a finger.
I don't know.
Both in there.
The rest of the thought I was fine.
Yeah, well, at least he likes his own material.
It's always good, you know?
There's one.
1158 votes on the poll.
The calls are back what you're taking.
I'll listen regardless for 19.
And we just, we can't begin to thank you enough for that.
Because who would want to hear this crap?
The caller is below 237.
That's 20.4%.
237 say the caller is below.
Time will tell 209.
Thank God they're back.
170.
Big improvement 101.
You put those two together.
They got like 23%.
And I hate this poll, Amir 22.
A 1.8 year.
I mean, for some biggest name.
So best talent.
This is Neil Rogers.
So long to tell our.
They say my voice is that just perfect name.
Between the month's skin and seeing it.
It's not too long.
That's what I say.
I was a sad, what I'm awful.
What did I sing it?
I'm clear.
I'm awful.
Sound weird.
Too young.
Yeah.
There is nothing wrong with my flow.
Have my tongue is free of car.
I'm full.
The only thing that I know is clear.
This function has made my career.
One of the things all kinds of stuff about Ricky Tiki's shot there in the
hero is about 75 articles.
And it's amazing.
And well deserved.
Nice going there, Rick.
Have a great life.
I think that this is after he last Friday was his 50th year in the broadcasting
business.
And he came on here this morning or yesterday morning and said that that's enough.
Ralph Red Knight told me you'll know when it's time and it's time.
And I want to say what he said, it's time.
I mean for him 1171 votes on a pool.
And yesterday I said that since we brought the calls back yesterday and the
listeners online had dropped off some.
I think that's a byproduct of the extended Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
Because they seem to be back today and it's probably because all these great
calls we've had.
When you think?
Oh yeah.
So let's not disappoint man.
We're here to we're here to please.
That's what we're here for, isn't it?
Okay.
To please Louise and Joyce.
WQA M. Hello.
Is this a man park?
Yeah, this is Man Talk.
What do you got?
You a real man or not?
Well, let me check.
Hold on.
Yeah.
He's looking.
He's looking in his rectum.
Looks like it's going to be a while if he has to put the phone down.
Yeah.
He's got to get a search party.
WQA M. Hello.
Neil Rogers.
Yes sir.
Rick Shaw.
How do I know?
Rick.
My best, whatever.
Well, thank you so much.
You know, I heard you talking about me the other day about being 68 years old and how old and the crepe
it and the hat and the whole right now.
You're the one that put that on my my space page.
You will put that crap on there.
Well, I'll try to keep you up to date.
We could have put 67 on there.
We could have believed you.
Well, listen, you have always been very kind and gentle with me for whatever reason.
And this has been a kind of a special situation for me with the 50th anniversary and all the rest of that.
And I announced this morning that I'm going to retire.
And it's just been a hell of a run and you have been a big part of that.
And I want to thank you for your kindness and...
What would have been a big part of that?
I don't understand.
I appreciate you saying that.
What does that mean?
Well, you are a unique radio guy.
I told you about that.
You're right about that, Unic.
No, okay.
You do a very special kind of radio.
I know what he does.
It's like you.
Nobody can do it better than you.
And that has been part of my experience here in South Florida for as long as you've been on the air.
I came here in 60.
You came here when?
1976.
You were here a long time before I was, man.
I would have been here for over 16 years.
But you do something that I do better than anybody I know.
And I appreciate that.
And I learn from you.
And I thank you.
Well, you're welcome.
Whatever that means.
Whatever that means.
Okay.
Well, you know, that is a great line in there.
The Ralph Redneck.
I never heard that before about, you know, how do you know when to retire?
He said, yeah, I know when it's time.
I asked him why he quit when he quit.
And he said in that booming, bombastic voice, when it's time, you will know.
Right.
And that is...
Well, I think you may be, you may be my inspiration.
Maybe this is payback now.
You're going to inspire me to hang up this microphone.
I've, you know, I thought it maybe that time.
You still got a whole lot more laughs than I was.
Right.
Just kiss the ground.
You never worked for these people, my friends.
It's something that right now.
Oh, I worked for some real arm fingers.
Now, I'm sure having we all.
Yes and be.
That's part of the business.
So you're hanging up in January, is that it?
Well, there's no end there.
They're looking to find a replacement for me at this point.
So I'm there until they do.
Well, I'm...
Listen, then anybody can do the talkups, man.
I'm the man.
I can do it.
Okay.
I'm going to think about it.
I'll put it a good word for you.
Okay, Rick.
Best of luck.
Thanks, Dale.
Have a great life.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Rick Shaw, he's hanging up the microphone, man.
And like he said, we all know when it's time,
when it's time to go.
Is that what he said?
Something like that.
Oh, here's the song we don't want to hear.
Kind of Bob Hopkins specialties.
Bob Hamill, whatever's known.
Murray Hopkins and Bob Hamilton.
Bob-Bah-Bah-Bah-Bah-Bah-Bah-Bah.
And that called by Dave Ann Huring on that perfect game, man.
It was just like the moment when we were serious.
He was coma-inducing and embarrassing, too.
Why was so fun and fun?
See, I can still do the talkups with the best of them.
I'm going to go to Magic and play oldies.
I'm going to play some Rick Shaw tomorrow.
Oh, and then thinking about getting a four o'clock in the morning.
Like I said, I don't think so.
I should ask him how much they pay over there, you know?
That would have been embarrassing.
I wouldn't do that.
I wouldn't want to put him on his spot.
What are you laughing about?
I don't know how much he's making.
Not as much as you are in that.
Well, I'm sure of that.
Who the hell is?
Who the hell in this market ever made this kind of money, you know?
And you know something?
That should be an exclamation point on that.
When I'm sitting here in this chair and when my clothes on,
because I think that package might show up, but it probably won't.
Well, I'm sitting here and maybe it'll be Brady Quinn with this package.
I'd go downstairs real fast for that.
And I'm thinking about just telling him to stick it, to shove it.
There are some things in life that no amount of money can compensate for.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm sure you do.
Yeah.
It's just not worth it.
These people are impossible.
I don't have to tell you that.
They're impossible.
Like Perry Como would say, it's impossible.
Or you just got rounded round.
I don't want to hear round.
Even I can play that.
I might have that.
What?
It's impossible.
It's impossible.
They are.
They're impossible people.
They're ungrateful bastards who want to like terrorize you.
And they've got this witch.
They've got this witch inputter in charge.
And she doesn't know what else she's doing.
She hasn't got a clue.
It's a miracle we have any audience left.
Oh, well, you can't play that.
You certainly can't say that.
And you know, and Joyce hasn't, remember the conversation we had after the show one day I was down there?
I think you were in on the conversation.
And the direct quote was, oh, what do you know?
Joyce has a real problem with penis.
Remember that?
We were talking about lines.
Yeah, there were a lot of lines you could use it as.
Yeah, that was a lot of them.
And I thought to myself, I'll bet she does.
She's got a problem with anything.
And then of course, we got to a point where we stopped asking anymore.
Because if we asked, well, can we say this?
No, whatever we asked, you can't say it.
Can we say hello?
Goodbye.
Have a great day.
It's impossible.
There is better one play.
Sounds like it's over.
It's some kind of an all-backed problem.
It's a problem.
It's possible.
Could he pound out a 10th of an ounce of salami and salami?
No.
No.
I think I'm actually losing consciousness right now.
It's spooky.
Yeah, it is spooky, isn't it?
Differed drunk.
Lend your eyes to that.
Don't pull it.
Remember that?
That was in Calvin, Mr. Ripley.
Remember he looked like a spooky...
You and God got moved by the beat of us.
That was a two-law.
Two-law is a good actor.
Yes he is.
Anybody doesn't like two-laws anti-Semite.
You thought that war picture, right?
Which one was that?
Yes, I eat the gates or something.
Yes, I did.
That's a great way.
Not exactly a war movie, more of a...
You know, individual...
I forget.
I was very good though.
I enjoyed it very much, but I forget what that was all about.
But it was the cat and mouse game between him and Ed Harris.
That is correct.
That is correct.
That is correct.
Very good.
Now let's see.
What movies are we working on right now?
I think we've exhausted our supply for the moment.
I got cocaine cowboys.
I'm supposed to catch up on.
Oh, well where's my password?
Where's my password from?
Lovely McGuilford, Cranola.
Oh, he tried to call.
Did I just thank him for doing a great job on my space page in the whole deal?
I take it back.
He tried to call me apparently, but of course my phone doesn't ring during the show
because what kind of a person would be taking phone calls during the show on their cell phone.
Somebody who had a bookie.
All right.
Yeah.
That was funny.
Somebody who had a bookie with a hot tip.
Well, look at that.
We're doing pretty good on the listening end online.
That's good.
I just want to check those stats out because I'm one of those people I monitor all of those.
And of course it probably doesn't mean a damn thing.
I'll tell you one thing.
We do love that guy that called in yesterday and his whole family.
We're going to send him all kinds of holiday gifts.
The one I said he had the three diaries.
Remember that?
That's right.
Send him a fruit basket.
Yeah.
We'll send you a fruit cake.
As soon as we find one that you'll pick it up.
We'll send you a few of these colors.
Okay.
Speaking of fruit cake.
Okay.
Let's get a lot of calls in his last hour.
And then I wouldn't be surprised.
You know what I'm going to do if my phone rings today.
This is the truth.
My hand on the Coran.
If that phone rings today and it's Norma Kent,
I'm going to put the instrument on the cradle.
I'm going to hang it up.
I don't want to talk to him.
What if he's going to talk to him?
I don't want to deal with him.
I don't want to know nothing.
I don't want to deal with any of this anymore.
That's his job.
Definitely paid for.
What if he's calling to say that, you know,
hey, everything's okay and you can use all the word.
But what doubt I need to be calling Joe Bellabar yesterday?
That should have been his job.
He should have been on our phone.
Saying Joyce is a lunatic.
And Neil is doing a heck of a job for you.
And cut the crap and quit making our lives a living hell.
He should have been the one doing that, not me.
Not an old, dottering fart like me.
He was trying to squeeze a few years out of enjoyment
to the ass end of a life.
He had two dysfunctional parents who I wouldn't wish on Hitler.
Okay?
But nevertheless, you can relate to that.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, how are you?
Well, we have a lot of ladies today.
This is a real fly opener.
This is amazing.
We listen. We do.
We do.
Yeah, sure.
I always have a question.
A friend of mine told me, and I called her a liar,
but I needed to hear it from you.
Lire.
That you know or knew or had Johnny Depp on your radio show?
That is correct.
Yes, I did.
I'm Zeta.
1986.
Let's see.
20 years ago.
How the heck did that happen?
He just...
He was in town.
And I was...
I don't know.
I don't remember the...
Greg Alman, who was still alive,
and Johnny Depp.
They were like at some club on the beach,
and somebody tipped us off on it,
and we made arrangements to get him on a show.
So, was he a good looking?
Oh, better than you could ever even imagine.
And the person...
He had the smoothest...
The one thing I remember about him, he had the smoothest skin,
the best complexion of anybody I've ever seen in my life.
Didn't have a pimple on his ass on his body.
He looks like he's aged pretty well, I guess.
Yeah, he still looks pretty much the same.
But he had a leather jacket on,
and I remember somebody took a picture of his standing together
with our arms around each other.
Oh, okay.
I just still had that, you know, but I don't have it no more.
And of course, now that he's really rich and famous,
I'm sure he wouldn't know me from Mameishi Pippa, you know,
that's the way they are.
Oh, wow.
But these famous people, I mean, once upon a time, yeah.
Oh, great. Well, I just...
I needed to hear that, okay.
So that's very cool news.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
Oh, man, I wish I had been there.
Okay.
Have a great, great day.
And back to you.
Bye.
Johnny Depp, man, he's a good kid.
He lived in his car for a while there,
and Miramar or Halndale Wavryn,
how it was.
Remember that?
He lived out of his car.
He was down out on his luck.
What I hear.
He could have lived in my car.
I remember that first movie he was in.
At least I think it was his first movie.
It was Friday the 13th part, whatever.
Maybe the first one.
Or no, I don't think it was.
It was Nightmare on Elm Street.
Okay.
I think the first one.
Do you remember Nightmare on Elm Street?
Of course I did.
And he shot all over the ceiling.
I'm talking about blood.
Yeah.
He's spurred it all over the ceiling at blood.
1188 votes on the poll.
I wonder if Brady Quinn could do that.
The calls are back.
What's your take?
1188.
I'm not going to read the results.
The 240 say the callers blow.
We've had a lot of ladies today.
Now, I don't know why it is.
When the ratings come out, when you have no ladies in with the diaries,
I guess they're too embarrassed even to write it down that they listen and admit.
You don't have to be embarrassed to listen to this show, okay?
We're embarrassed to work for these people,
but you don't have to be embarrassed to admit that you listen to it, okay?
The biggest name of the whole world.
I mean, it will come at the end of the morning and you'll watch drags you ass out of it.
When you'll 560 and send you away.
You know, to hand the football off to running back as kind of like asking a brain surgery to operate on hemorrhoids.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talk Show Host, Hemorrhoid Suffer.
Folks, with over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help.
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories,
now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhoidal tissue,
just for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator tube,
another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network.
Okay, 117 Glenn Garvin's got a really gushing article here about Rick Shaw and about him retiring
and about his show this morning and about all these radio going down the tubes.
And about, he says, what they oughta do with if they were smart,
was give Shaw a couple of hours on the weekends and let him play anything he wants.
Near hits, misses, flip sides, novelty records, anything that struck his fancy
during 46 years in South Florida radio.
Come on magic, give us the CREP at 50 year old something new we'll listen to while we shop for satellite radios.
I'm not shopping for satellite radio, are you?
No.
No.
Oh, that's what Glenn Garvin says.
But anyway, it won't print out so I can't read the whole damn thing.
It says Rick Shaw's last South Florida veteran of Top 40 Radio Announces,
determined this morning on his magic show.
And when Shaw packs up his microphone after his final show, he probably should go ahead and take magic records.
Well, MP3s with him, all these radio is dying fast.
Big stations in New York, San Francisco and Chicago have dumped the format in the past 18 months.
And it's hard to see Shaw's departure as anything but an ominous portent of things to come soon.
Oh, no.
What is this?
This magic moment?
No.
Well, this is at runaway 67, quite del Shannon blew his brains out.
I see.
Hats off to Larry and the Rick Shaw.
Kats off to Larry Joe.
Bobby Chantry.
Yeah.
I'm Capitol Records.
Was it there to cheer him?
Oh, man.
I'm going on magic.
I'm going to play all the oldies.
Although, you know, all the oldies Bob Hamill will let me play.
He's worse than Joyce, I think.
It says, don't ask for whom the bell tolls.
It tolls for Elvis, the four tops.
And you read through Franklin.
Even stations that don't formally renounce the format are quietly shedding it like an old skin.
Like an old foreskin.
Ooh.
Hardly anyone plays Chuck Berry any more buddy, Holly, or any other 50s rock and roll giants.
An increasing number of oldies stays there bandating 60s music too.
Oh my God.
There's a niche there, baby.
There's a niche for the old bitch.
I think that call was not what it should have been when he called in Rick.
I should have been kissing his ass and instead of turning it into a tribute by him to me.
He's always kissing my ass like me.
What's that all about?
Well, maybe he'll call back and...
He will not call back, okay?
You can call back some day, but not like today.
And you can do him this time.
I don't want to do him.
Believe me.
Good guy, but I sure as hell don't want to do him.
1199 votes on a pull.
We're going over 1200 today.
There's the Pope in Turkey still alive.
That's a good news for him, but I don't know how long it's going to last.
They probably sent him there to get rid of him, you know?
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Maybe the swish guard want like a younger Pope.
Somebody under the age of 90.
There you go, Rick. There's your opening.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular, wireless lines.
What do you think?
Didn't I talk a lot about playing all these?
I've talked about threatened that for months.
And I think maybe now is the perfect time to start, you know?
Do it now.
Yeah.
All right.
All these radio tend to do.
As QA membersverts back to all these.
That's the sparris.
Was that sparris?
No, the ventures.
Oh, damn it.
I'm embarrassed.
That's my first guest here.
By the way, Clifford is not gay.
He wants you to know that he's not gay.
Okay.
Just in case you want.
And also we can't sing.
I can't sing.
I can't sing.
I can't say what he's saying.
1190 done.
I think we're just stuck at that point.
We're not going to get to the 1200.
The audience is just playing fast.
The audience just got to 1200.
They're coming in by the ones.
But now that the calls are back, I think we've turned the corner.
You know what?
And like I said before, and I really mean this,
I don't want any phone calls.
And I don't want to know nothing.
Let them all fight it out amongst each other.
You know what I'm saying?
Just leave me alone, pay me on payday,
and I'll keep showing up.
Or not.
If I'm not here tomorrow, you'll understand why.
You know what tomorrow is, don't you?
Would buy one's day.
Right.
Maybe I'll go early and find a good machine.
70 QYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, did I have a hearing impediment?
Did I hear Moulvin Howard David on 850 the other day?
That is correct.
Oh, I love to hear here, and I'm going to listen to him every day.
Do do do do do do.
Okay, great. He's not on every day. He's only on the weekend.
Oh, thanks for that, Neil. I love him.
Okay, you're welcome. Okay.
Okay. I love the other stations that are trying to get us to promote the hell out of them.
It's really good.
Like the fake call we ate yesterday about a man cow.
If you want to listen to some right-wing Howard Stern wannabe, go right ahead and listen to a man cow.
Enjoy it. Have a great life together.
And just like this about Moul and easy back pay, we already promoted that.
Okay.
And he still won't have a number.
It will show a like invisible liquid, a minus in front of it, just like you did on this station.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing? It's Neil and play.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
Great. It's 15 years that you're taking calls again.
Yeah, we are.
Great.
Anyway, there's one song that I'd bet one of my old favorites from the 16th, it also was a TV series.
Yeah.
A Y5-0?
Yeah.
Do you have that one?
Yes.
Great.
Anyway, play that one.
That's a joke far from it.
I'm driving a mercury now.
I'm driving a mercury now.
So I'm driving a mercury, so I'm going to be in hell.
How come this thing won't drop?
I had it that 40 times before with the drop in the...
He's going, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, like that.
Yeah.
See, I was reaching for it and the song too of the CD, but George had his finger on it.
Okay, that's enough.
And of course, George hated that joke because he didn't like cop shows in there.
That was the excuse.
How could anybody not watch a Y5?
Oh!
I didn't hate the show.
I didn't watch the show.
Oh, why not?
That's not like saying you hate Santa Claus.
You didn't like Jack Lorde?
You thought you were like anti-Sonson?
You know, I liked the open, and so I stayed with the show for as long as I played.
I think it was exciting, man.
We had to think about the theme as great, the theme as dynamic.
If the show was one tenth as exciting, it would have been a great show.
Well, that's true.
And then of course, there's good times.
I make it feel...
I make it feel...
I make it those themes out just to aggravate you.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
And then there's always...
I'm trying to get these oldies going.
Here you go.
Oh!
You got a warwick.
No, it's not theon warwick.
What is wrong with you?
So she did that.
She got a shannon.
Oh, sorry.
Well, she re-did it.
She re-did it.
Backtrack.
How David.
Here's an underrated group.
I've said this before, and I'll say the Holly.
The Holly.
They've got a coach here for Pace Island.
Oh, and speaking are really anxious Canadians.
Where is she?
Come on, you can do it.
I'll show you.
That man.
He's a man.
And Marie.
And Wister.
Wister's on a chain.
Yeah.
He's got a gigantic...
...finnithus no emevolda.
Saved by the song, man.
Saved by the thing.
Saved by the thing, Joyce.
Trouble nine on the pool.
We're just moving along.
Look at that.
There's the Archbishop Atlanta.
There's that far-bison.
He's a real far-bison who was trying to cover it up
when he had all the child molesting priest on here.
He's one of the cover-up guys.
So it is an attempt to address the needs.
Yeah, address this.
Put on some real clothes.
Okay, and come out of the dark ages, pops.
You silly old bastard with your stupid white collar.
You a pedophile.
God.
26 after 1 at 5, 16 WQM.
We got Mad Dog at 2 and we got the power hour.
We got the hour with the shower.
And we got the Pantheon tonight.
And the interest now.
No.
Pantheon's at Montreal to play the Canadians in the Canadian Nation, baby.
Quebec Nation.
What a joke.
I think I may renounce my Canadianness at that point.
Just enough to make it gag.
How about when Missouri becomes a nation?
And what about Delaware, the Delaware Nation?
You like it?
Well, you know, they were talking about South Carolina since you might be a little bit late.
How about Dave County?
The Dave County Nation.
It will really be...
Dave Crabley.
You know, nothing is worse this time of the year than driving to the mall
and fighting all the crazy people who are running around like they got ants in their pants.
Skip all the holiday shopping mayhem when you're shopping for a mattress
and do it the smart, the easy way.
Just make one easy call to 1-800-Matris.
It's tile mattress is 30th birthday.
I know I'm not going to play that about 30.
Instead of that, I'm going to play...
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the call.
Thanks.
Thanks for having me.
That.
And to celebrate, I like that much better.
And to celebrate tile mattress and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year
on the best selling Simmons VD-Rest pillow top.
It's like they bring the whole store right to you.
Call 1-800-Matris like I've been doing these for years to get yourself factory direct,
unbeatable prices and award-winning service with no nonsense.
Call by game time and you're going to mattress will be delivered by the post game show.
Wow.
With Donald Matris just used it eight in time,
you want your new mattress delivered any day of the week, seven days, a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Even the same day that you call and Donald Matris delivers when it's convenient for you.
You pick it to our window and they jump right through it.
That's why Donald Matris is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction
and why every...
You know, when Rick Shaw was on, I should ask him what he liked better the bedtime stories or the calls.
He couldn't have called in if I wasn't taking calls.
Anyway, that's why Donald Matris is ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
Why everybody here at QAM is using Donald Matris.
On the web you'll find him at Donald Matris and it's not Donald Matris you can do that.
And they'll still show up but that's not it.
Who's you doing this account now?
I don't know.
Oh Hank.
You know that great new guy not Hank Goldberg, Hank Guerrero, what's the guy's name?
Hank Guerrero.
Schmuck.
On the web it's mattress.com or give him a call at that toll free number, 1-800-Matris.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last one because it stands for Stupendous Savings and Stupid Sales Holes.
The biggest name of the best talent of this is Neil Rogers.
You people are so damn bad that not only you have to be bought out by that bandit taxon.
But if I wanted to buy some time on your station, I couldn't.
You don't have real people that's seven five...
You don't have it on your regular number.
I always have to be a guest on one of your talk shows or an I think it's your AM, the WIOD.
They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is.
I was on your station in 1964.
I was a sort of prominent guy in Miami.
I buy time and I influence people who buy time.
If you people can't get it together to be a better radio station, then if you were at the Hull Red station or an EBS station,
I suggest you take a damn frequency which my grandmother's friend Jesse Jay put on the air in 1926.
You turn the damn thing off and get out of the business.
You people ought to be ashamed of yourself.
My name is Ruby Young and the telephone number is a motel in Miami.
1113.
You people ought to be ashamed.
You shouldn't even be running that facility.
I used to be in the boss of the damn thing in 19...
I ran the damn thing and I was fired at your ass.
You are terrible.
You have no credibility in the radio.
Now, damn it all to this before I get on the phone to pension, you get on the phone to me.
You get me to take this back.
I'm gonna tell him a lot more.
Just to sail those through, but it will be because you're doomed anyhow.
Little, what do you?
Dude, man.
Nobody likes to get up in the morning.
But let's face it, party all night, sleep all day, mix Johnny one unemployed convenience store worker.
That's why you need the rock and roll alarm clock.
No wimpy beep beeps here.
Just gut wrenching, high decibel screens from today's top rock artists.
You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Cocker.
Chris Robinson from the Black Rose.
And for the true comatose news out, there's the Who Alarm.
Oh, that's a wig you have called the morgue, you're a warm food man.
Studies show Stoke Brain's respond to the rock and roll alarm clock.
Get it now and head bang your way into a new day.
Well, at Robe, wish you're one surly old queen, you know what?
But he's dead now.
132 at 5.60 WQA.
All the oldies, all the hits all the time, baby.
Who Al says old parts, no listen.
Who wants to fight is down on the way.
Okay, say if you were Jerry Lewis's kid, you'd have problems to believe me.
Sure.
Come out of 18 votes on the pool.
Lady.
Oh, brother.
Hmm, pretty sad.
5.607 05.60.
Let's go out today with a big half hour of tremendous amount of calls.
What do you say?
A power, a power half hour.
Ah, a call.
Maybe it'll change the edit to this.
In fact, look at that.
The caller's blow is down to 20.
And even 20%.
If we can get that under 20%, it'll be like a real real voter confidence we're getting the calls back on.
Yeah, I was just thinking during that break.
On the 30th of December, that's going to make 10 years we've been on this horse ball station.
That's the longest I've worked at any station in my life.
10 years.
Mm-hmm.
Nine at IOD.
I think eight or nine at the WSWNWS.
6 or 7 at INZ and then the one year at Zeta.
So I think that 10 years would be foreign away the most.
How did we survive 10 years in this joint, huh?
Wow.
Mm-hmm.
WQAM, hello.
Uh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was at Gulf Stream when it opened and I got a pretty decent machine.
But the thing I like about Gulf Stream is that I think they feel really young when I go there.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
You feel like a real print chicken.
Mm-hmm.
But anyway, I found a good machine, it's not a bad place.
But no, you're a fortune, though, huh?
No.
Yeah.
Well, you have a good show, Neil.
Thanks, Pally.
Bye.
Yeah, let me know whether you get the squeal of fortune, okay?
And maybe they'll see my fat ass over there.
They don't have no wheel of fortune.
What kind of a casino has slot machines, man?
They've got no wheel of fortune, huh?
Jesus, that's the most, even now, it's still the most popular game.
You don't believe me, do you?
Well, why would I just believe you?
I'm just telling you, it's the most popular game.
All right.
You can go in there.
Yeah, like, even when I go early, it would buy.
You know, really early in the morning, sometimes, like on a Saturday.
And there's like almost no cars in the parking lot.
And you think, oh, I'm going to find me whichever machine I want, man.
And you go in there, like, the whole place is like a ghost town.
And you go to where they have the 14 wheel of fortune dollar machines lined up.
And they're like almost all busy.
And you think, gosh, damn, you know, is what you think or something like that.
Holy Schmidt.
And then you, you know, you're very patient.
And you know how patient I am, of course.
You ever get the feeling, well, of course, you don't play the slots, but like you want to just drag somebody off the chair and say,
hey, I want to play this machine, man.
Get out of here.
Okay, go away.
Quit poaching around with my machine.
That's what Jack tells them.
Quit poaching around.
In fact, you ought to tell that to our engineering staff.
Start poaching around.
So is your microphone still disabled or where you can't turn around?
No, I would.
You thought I was joking.
I pulled out a pocket knife and I took it apart and I fixed it.
Sorta for the time being.
George fixed our aboard because the engineering staff is a bunch of turd.
But see now you're starting in again.
All the way to the ask.
Give me a spanking for asking the other question.
I don't want to get involved in all these other things.
I'm too old for that, man.
I'm an old toad.
All you old people out there, you know what it's all about.
When you reach a certain, like Ralph Redneck said, when you get to that point, you know it.
When you just fed up with your spouse, you know, if your wife's a nag, they shoot the old bitch.
That's all.
You can't take no more.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Now!
Yes, sir.
Hey, lose the Rodriguez.
Move the satellite and let's get the lightning round going again.
Let me bet.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Good afternoon, Mr. Roger.
Good afternoon, Mr. Roger.
Good afternoon, Mr. Crawler.
How are you?
Fine.
I only call once every couple of years because I don't want to be a chronic.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
Good to have him.
Good to have him.
Good to have him.
Good to have them.
Good to have them.
Good to have you.
Good to have you.
We Stones together.
I'm going to sing a song.
Somewhere I've got a Jim Dunlap jingle.
I still got that.
Let's see, real jingle.
Here's a whole bunch of real jingles.
And since your buddy today is out there whipped up into a frenzy, you know, blind Mike.
He's whipped up.
Where is, who am I looking for?
Oh, Jim Dunlap.
I know what's in here.
How come you can't find it?
I don't know.
Because I'm not trying.
Oh, here it is.
I told you.
He's a tiger.
Jim does my wonderful WGM.
Oh!
There you go.
That's for that last call to make up for the fact that I had such a weak information for him.
But I do know Jim Dunlap's dead.
Although maybe he's making a comeback.
It could happen, you know, and there's your fat ass governor.
He pleaded that the mark marked.
Oh, my God.
It is so sad when I see him.
All these self-righteous hypocrites, phony baloney.
How is Noel doing?
Jeb?
How is your wayward daughter doing there?
She's kind of like our pool, you know?
She blows.
Oh, there is our good friend Susan Candy-Ani.
Boyer had this to say, quote.
Of course, Susan, you know, stuck there at CNN.
Just like us being stuck here on QAM, poor Susan Candy-Ani stuck there on.
And she did correct herself about Chuck Feeler.
You know, she got a Tom Feeler.
Oh, you were off.
That was the day that they had the situation at the Harold, which I'm sure you were watching
on TV.
I don't remember one of your people, the former cartoonist that got candy last February.
He went in there with a shotgun, with a machine gun.
You see that story?
No.
That was last Friday.
I wasn't watching the news last Friday.
He did.
He went in with a machine gun, Mama.
But they, uh, they talked him down.
All right, good.
It was a major story.
CNN was all over.
Like, Stink on Joyce.
It was great.
The minute we're born, we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Younger old Richard Ford has nothing we can do to stop it.
So look long at that Christmas tree.
It may be the last one that you see.
That great your house in green and red.
Cause someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
It might have been in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into bed.
That you'll thank God for your family.
Cause someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Boom knows how many Christmas's are left in their short life.
Nobody knows that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so our Christmas morning led good tidings to your home.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Everyone you know dead.
A very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead, dead.
I'm dying on the hearth.
145, man.
The good news is I got thank you very much for my password and my ID and my social security
number and my shoe size.
And so I'm looking at those pictures.
One thing I notice about Jacob, he always gets photographed for about 100 miles away.
I think there's going to be a lot of pictures.
And so these pictures are like really distant shots, you know what I'm saying?
Shot through a telephoto lens from somewhere in the other mountain.
But it's not a lot of moments of Vegas.
I told you it was like way out west there tonight.
Yeah.
I told you.
Anyway it was in Vegas.
And that's the same Jacob.
It looks pretty good to me from a distance, you know.
I'd obviously see a little closer Jacob, but nevertheless.
On his advanced days maybe he can't run so fast anymore.
341 votes on the pool, not too bad.
And a lot of people listening online, everything is coming back into shape in spite of these
agree-rovers.
Okay?
In spite of joys, in spite of joe, in spite of clearance, in spite of all of that crap.
You know, we just, we just plodged along a sing-a-song.
You know what song?
Like, oh, I already played that.
There you go.
Sorry.
I talked it up the first time.
That was good enough.
Wow.
Old finger.
But you have one of those old fingers.
Where the hell is this?
Oh, there it is.
I didn't see it on the menu.
Oh, a finger.
He's the man.
Well, now that they got all this big simmiss about James Bond, guess what?
I didn't watch the earlier ones with Sean Connery.
And I certainly didn't watch the ones with Pierce Brosnan, who was the one in between them.
Oh, one.
Timothy Donne.
You said that?
No, I did not.
Or Roger Moore.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
The more I see him, the less I want.
And I'm not interested in James Bond.
Sean Connery.
Sean Connery.
And it was a crap.
Sorry.
And who's the new one, James Bond?
A really, really ugly Brit guy with his nose and I could be honest to anybody.
I can't think of his name.
That could be almost anybody.
That's the truth.
He's particularly ugly, even for a Brit.
That's why that John, what else is his name again?
The one from a match point?
That's why he kind of stands out.
He's reading out all that great looking, but he's a Brit and the fact that he looks pretty good is a miracle.
The Brit's buying large are a pretty nasty looking bunch, but then again, who might have talked?
Well, I've just wanted two more bedtime stories.
Or I could take these last couple of calls, but I'd rather do my bedtime stories.
For months, the media have been torn over the use of the term civil war to describe the descent
into outright murder and torture in Iraq.
And if they bloodbath, the murder and mayhem that's going on there.
Apparently, the other chaos incarnates the past week has finally given some to use the term civil war without apology.
With NBC News and MSNBC joining in yesterday in a major way, but many still hold back and enter and publish their shows.
The LA Times is one of the first newspapers to fly.
They describe the conflict as a civil war without the usual qualifiers of approaching or near civil war.
In the first paragraph of the news report on Saturday.
The Christian science monitor yesterday referred to a deepening civil war as if there's any doubt about it, huh?
But the main Washington Post story yesterday continued to use sectarian strife.
Right.
A widely published Reuters dispatch yesterday adopted sectarian conflict and McClatchy and a report from Baghdad relied on sectarian violence.
Well, you know, what's all the differences to make what they call it?
Okay, it's a bloodbath.
What differences to make what term they use, you know?
Trying to like sanitize it.
Well, they're all dying lightly, you understand.
It's just murder and mayhem and chaos, but other than that.
Like Bush said, it takes time to restore chaos, isn't that what he said?
And speaking of people who specialize in, oh Jimmy Carter was on with your buddy last night.
I saw a few minutes of that.
Oh, that buddy.
He just ripped Israel and ass on there last night.
And I thought it's about time somebody had the ball. He's got a new book out. I better go read it.
Somebody had the balls to tell it like it is.
Oh, we might offend the Jew. Well, too bad. Okay.
You're not offending me.
They don't like Delhi and there's no Jew in the world likes Delhi any better than I do.
And honestly, Delhi, maybe some good Kishn would be good.
A UN agency said Saturday that Israel laid minds in Lebanon during the summer's war between the Jewish state
and the lesbian, East-Based Hezbollah group.
The first time Israel has been accused of planting mines during latest fighting.
This is over and above with the cluster bombs, you know, cluster extra credit.
A report by the UN Mine Action Coordination Center followed.
Whereas Prince is Diana when we need that bitch, huh?
Followed an investigation of a landmine explosion that wounded two European disposal experts
and a lesbian ease medic on Friday.
Later Saturday, the agency reported that a British demining expert
who was trying to clear mines in the same area where Friday's explosion occurred also was injured
and they separated landmine blast.
The explosions were caused by Israeli anti-personnel mines placed in fields newly laid
during the fighting in July and August in South Lebanon, the center be saying.
This is the first evidence we have that the Israeli forces laid new mines in South Lebanon in 2006.
The UN agency said in the statement, Israeli military officials said they weren't convinced the mine
and Friday's explosion was Israeli. Right.
It was maybe like from outer space from Uranus, huh?
Maybe some Martians dropped it there. That could have been.
It could be a hispilal landmine or a mine laid by another country.
It might not even be from the latest conflict.
Many armies have fought there over many years. The officials said,
speaking on condition of anonymity because they're full of crap and everybody knows it.
The officials, however, were evasive when asked whether Israel had laid new mines in Lebanon this summer.
De La Ferran, a spokesman for the UN agency, said its experts found the landmines were able to tell they were
the new Israeli anti-personnel mines based on their type, shape and condition and the circle you in the upper right hand corner.
The Ontario area where the minefields were found to have been cleared by agency experts between 2002 and 2004.
So clearly these are new ones for her and said she also said that Gary Sounder's fingerprints were found on everyone.
How do you like that? How do you like them kishkis, huh?
Oh, and I never played twisted kishkis. No, you didn't.
Probably like trough us to why. Oh, it's a Boka Brian bit.
I'll be damned. I think it may be coming up.
Now what's this gay cowboy movie you're talking about now? Cowboys from Uranus? What is it?
Are you talking about cocaine cowboys?
Cocaine cowboys. Now what is it? I assume it's about...
I've seen any previous one. What is it about?
I believe that it's about the cops who are involved in all that cocaine trafficking here in our very own community.
Not in South Florida, not Miami Cup. Not quirky cops in South Florida. You've got to be kidding me.
All it is science fiction, but nevertheless.
Wow. Must have been a real aberration.
Over here we got the mad dog coming up next.
We get to the real important stuff, the sports dog here on sports radio where a sports time is 152.
Sports radio time. As opposed to like regular non sports time.
1255, you know the interesting part of the whole thing is as much as the war anti the sports mafia.
I probably watch more sporting events, you know, when you're throwing the hockey games I watch in a horse racing and harness racing and a football.
And then a lot of the clowns we got on the radio station pretending to be sports mavens.
You know what I'm saying? I couldn't be wrong about that, but wouldn't surprise me.
I watch my crap. I watched that game last night and I want to say it again.
Time to hang them up, Brett. I don't care if he's got like two passes away.
As soon as he got rakes the record, time to hang them up. You don't think so Josh?
No.
Well, why do you say that? I don't think I think the packers think I don't know the packers suck.
The packers below, baby. They stink not like the bucks though.
The biggest name of that.
And other characters.
We are rocking out our categories.
Radio 560.
It's the home.
Radio 560.
Radio 560.
WQL.
I ate the wrong things tonight.
I ate the wrong things tonight.
I gotta let my hands out. They feel a little too tight.
And I don't fall stiff and get my kiss keys out, twist and feel.
There's my badger news of Sadie.
I don't know my dad.
Disguessing child is driving me crazy.
I'm incredibly crushed to womb here.
Don't make it through that toilet, save me.
I'm like a dog.
I'm stuck with wet my kiss key.
God, twist and feel.
Don't bother me,.
I want to catch you.
You got one, I just need to move.
or on you can follow me.
That was a damn little intro.
Don't bother me,I'm a dog.
I'm gonna take my time.
So what I'm gonna take your time.
Cause if I drop a strong and warm one, now feel fine.
There's no rush, trust me, there's no problem.
And you don't go sniffing when my kissy-zard twisted to you.
And you don't go sniffing when my kissy-zard twisted to you.
Bye, bye, bye!
