He used to rock, but lately he's been making lame CDs of old people music, and now he's
turned his sights on lame Christmas novelty songs.
Quarabah, gusts run over by reindeer.
Introducing Mod Stewart, the great Christmas novelty songbook featuring all your Christmas
comedy favorites, like Teachin' Chong Santa Claus.
And Bob and Doug McKenzie's 12 Days of Christmas.
The great Christmas novelty songbook also includes Rod Stewart's take on this classic version
of Jingle Bell.
By your copy of Rod Stewart's great Christmas novelty songbook today, or on second thoughts,
now maybe it shouldn't. It'll only encourage him.
Well said, when I was good timing, I just finished up with all this Posh King Row at a log here.
We had a little technical difficulty again.
So you got it then.
On your end, I got it. I got all four pages. I got my spots all lined up here. We're all ready to go. We're all
strapped in and ready to go. You know what I'm saying? 10, 0, 2, 5, 60, WQM.
But it's Thursday, December 21.
Tannuca is spending a long time there eating a lot because I didn't have any long because I had a lot of
luck though with woodbine. I had a good day mine.
I made two good movies, so I wound up with three good machines.
I had one dead machine, and I didn't keep feeding it. I'd probably still be there sitting in feeding that baby.
Dead, dead. Don't feed a dead machine. I don't care what anybody tells you.
And of course, Harry and Detroit, he's probably thinking, oh there he goes.
What I was still silly advice about playing a slot machine.
I was just telling you, who's my aunt on that dollar machine? I said, this is a dead piece.
You ever had a dead piece? Not lately. No, you're lucky.
I'm sure a lot of guys out there have had a dead piece, but at any rate.
So I got up more to the $5 machine. I got lucky. I got $1,500 on a line. I got most of my money back.
I went racing back over the dollar machines, and I had two grand on a line, and I went almost two grand and went home.
Pretty good day, huh? Yeah, not too bad.
And of course, my space is the place to stick your face.
I'm thinking, you know what I'm saying? We're just obsessed. Well, I don't know. Maybe I'm obsessed.
Do you think that's what it is? Yeah, that's it.
Well, I don't know. I mean, for an old fart like me, I never thought I'd even take an interest in this craft.
And then of course, the first interest I took, wow, look out now. It was old Jake the snake.
But then of course, it's turning into really, we got 884 friends of my space, which you never dreamed in your wildest dreams.
We get anywhere near that, did you? No. In fact, we have 883 votes on the poll.
Today's poll, and we have 884 friends of my space. Is there any connection whatsoever? But it's nice to see those numbers kind of matching.
In fact, maybe by the day, exponentially, the numbers of friends on my space will, although it's going to dramatically in the last couple days.
Anyone know why that is? Oh, I don't know. Tell me something. Because that's what we've been talking about. Yeah, a lot.
And I'm sure a lot of the older farts like me are thinking, what is this all about? What is this man talking about?
Now, the thing that's most puzzling to me and most disturbing is not disturbing, but just I don't know.
Well, once you delve into this and you realize how easy it is for people to see all those date lines show as far.
And it's like shooting a fish in a barrel. You know who and how you're talking to on the other end of that?
You can, as you said yesterday, as you said, and I dream it, you can stick anybody's picture on there and say, oh, hi, I'm, you know, Sal, a little revinowitz.
Or whoever had your claimant to be in a fluefish, a little scambibble. I'm a Sally S. Schwartz from down the street.
I mean, Sally is like a scantily clad and you know, got the big bazumbas hanging out there and everybody.
All the guys are like, maybe a Sally is like a vice cop somewhere. Maybe Sally is like some evil doer who's just tried to nail your ass.
Get you into a big jackpot for the crackpot. You want to say? So how do you ever know who's on the other end?
You don't. Well, what do you mean by that? What do you mean you don't know? You mean till like knock on the door and say, oh, hi, I'm Chris Hanson from daylight.
Yeah, so my best advice is if there's anybody on there who claims to be under legal age, legal tender, no matter how tender they may be.
Just keep your kind if you're going to have any conversation. Keep it on the up and up. Keep it up.
Am I right? Yeah. Don't be unless, of course, you're a massacre isn't it? Looking for real trouble.
Because it would seem to me again, but not being the expert by any stretch of imagination being a real novice of this, but it would seem to me that this is a really excellent place to get your life brought to a screeching halt.
Yes, and then end up with Bill Cammall in there and up with Miss Cammall on the same cell. That would be really bad.
Correct them with the weather. Very junior. Okay, let's take it off for that for just a second. Not too long though because that would be bad.
Here's the poll from yesterday over the years what person had done. Have you like Geltie in there? Okay?
Didn't stop by and by me a lush dinner, even a little Chinese take out nothing when he was here the other day when the Panthers beat the snot out of the make believes.
Let's see what we got. We got the Panthers and the Rangers in New York tonight. Well, I'll be danged.
How about those ratings yesterday? Nice going Kenny and Bo and Mad Dog and the Humber. And here's truly.
It isn't far night heading out any case line show. That's what they say. Now what wouldn't we do with that in other words you got an update?
No, I'm just saying they isn't you. They. Oh, as in me, I'm not the one who gave information that came from other horses and asked from a clearance or one of those people.
Well, that's the rumor mill. The rumor mill is tomorrow nights 80 K's last show on QA. And we're going to miss a good guy.
I never get to show because who the hell, you know, first of all, I'm never there. And I'm sure I'm not coming in here to hear it.
With all due respect, I like to do a lot, but I'm not going to come rushing in here like at 10 o'clock at night or 11.
Well, next next time you get one of those emails at like three o'clock in the morning, you just pop them on.
He won't be on at three o'clock in the morning. Actually, I do get them. It's my own doing. I don't want my buddy moyshine.
You feel bad out there because for the second night in a row, I left my black bear in the night stand next to my bed.
I don't think I want to do that permanently. You know, it's not a good idea.
Because I think when you go, what do they call that when you keep getting your sleep interrupted like that?
No, she now he's going to feel bad. I don't want to. Like I said, no problem. Okay, moyshine. No problem at all.
So 215 in the morning, that thinks that just jump up. Oh, yeah, out of the bed.
And it's another email.
Anyway, this is the life we have chosen. You know, we're like all instant messaging and emailing and back and forth and bap bap bap bap bap.
It's just the way it is, right? That's the modern era.
What do they do? What do the Romans do back in the days before there was email?
Over the years, what person at WQM has been the subject of meals on the air, ass dripping the most deserving? Who deserved it the most? Not even close.
Do do do do. Know how we David did it. Why notice guilty was again tip to me around ripping him an ass even though he would love to just go on and bap bap bap.
Yeah, I'll go through a whole tweaking thing, but he I didn't hear him do it. I just heard the ass in there.
And of course, it was guilty. It was definitely the ass in. Know how we David at 560.
Joyce Fitch rhymes with bitch and believe me, she is 294 corporate legal for the measly broadcast in corporation. Joyce Fitch.
A real simple thing if there ever was one. I hate this pull had 155 10.5%. I don't like that.
I hate this pull on today's pull is in last place way down at the bottom so far.
And now that I said that they'll no goose it up again just to aggravate me right in the middle of the holidays. No less. Come on. Let's have a little bit of that holiday spirit. Come on.
Greg Read 104 the bees ladies 99 the sales team 69 the sales team 69 votes. What are being really kind sales people are ice hole.
There's Mitchell Lewis somebody asked me on the my space here. They've what happened to Mitchell Lewis and I told him he's doing production at L.A.
Is a good guy and he does occasionally some stuff for us like that like this.
Like that that's a good one and is good. Well there's two of her gins of it. Let's see the sales team got 69 votes.
Square and 42. Gell these got 38 Scott from Rouse got 27 the engineering staff 21 of course after the fact that your facts machine and there
isn't working this morning probably actually go up several votes the water nasty 14 don't mess with my long. Oh she was a real piece.
Clarice is got 11. Jeff Rimmer the rimman has got 10 boy out of sight. I'll mind that.
Rimmer. Grieper's got 10 Robert the creepy creepy Jeff. Hi.
A. K. A. High boy fat boys got six and me for D. 4 had five depth of force.
Haven't heard a word about him boy he was not saying you forgot it was hanging around for a long time.
You know when he was on the morning show that worst team you know.
I remember one day he was in a hallway during one of their 75 minute commercial breaks and he took out his wallet looking for something he must have 75 different
paychecks in that wall he had all these different gigs going no he was doing it engine thing on TV and he was doing the morning show on Q.A.M.
and he was doing the dog racing well he just had all kinds of crap going on.
Which is a good thing because I'm sure hope you hope you have a lot of that cash from those checks D. 4.
Okay although it does buy a lot of good.
And on today's pool 918 votes.
I don't think we're going to have any calls today are we I mean you know if we get any I'll pop them right on like this will be a short one Q.A.M.
Yes Mr. Rogers.
Like I said would be a short one.
Okay getting back to the pool how stressed out are you with this time of the year now it's a bad pool I apologize it's a crappy pool would you agree?
Todays?
Yeah I think it sucks.
Yeah it's not great.
But it was in the sunset on the yesterday and I read that thing about how stressed people are in the different countries and in the USA and all that crap.
So I figured well it was easy and that tomorrow we're going to do the pool about my will.
Don't let me forget to do that.
Don't forget.
Now I'm sure you all let me forget.
How stressed out of you this time of the year not much 171 well good for you somewhat 167 a lot 149 what me worry 148 not at all 141 big time not so like
like that 117 and I hate this pool and you're 25 2.7% on 918 votes.
Now do I do I 924 votes now well we're going to have a thousand way before we get to the top of that hour you know that.
That's a good sign in the fact we got 884 members on my space page and it just they're coming out of the woodwork they're coming from everywhere.
Now how does that happen I guess it's you know obviously word of mouth right yeah.
Is that what it is you probably got people sign it up to be you know have profiles on my space now.
What do you mean by that just to be your friend they want your start to rub off on them.
Is that what it is no they want in my will is what it is I said one thing at least at least he don't want in my will.
That's a good sign yet well nobody seems to want in my will except Josh he wants in their real bad.
But we'll get to that tomorrow I don't want to like milk tomorrow's material here today then you come in all the tomorrow being the Friday before Christmas.
I thought we were going to play like mostly bits all day that's true.
Yeah we have a good point don't let me forget about that so whatever happened with the original soup man do we ever get any follow up on that we're getting any more soup we get any more
soup I mean that he brought in a lot of soup for the station yesterday and we yeah we definitely ate it so that's the end it was really good is what everybody said in Christ
there he said yeah I was okay it was wonderful I got news for if you want to if you want to find out how to suck up a lot of free food
man you better be a little more enthusiastic than that I mean I'm not trying to try to tell you how to do your dig there but I'm just telling you
if you want to get a lot of free food just lay it on thick fact I'm thinking that was probably the best soup you ever had in your life
would you say I definitely 928 votes on a poll on the Thursday before Christmas and not all through the house not a creature
was stirring not even that don't get me started on that don't don't allow me now I'm putting you in charge
insurges on vacation this week I'm putting you in charge of keeping me on the lesson I could not troll you if I want to get in the
all of you know I'm just going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I
pay fame to star and jail last Stop, stop, stop Stop, stop Keep the hour guys I merchants around me
earn Sharebook Make Deiers
That's what I'm hearing. Didn't you hear that?
Uh-huh.
Of course, when they don't have a Christmas Day show, we also have a New Year's Day show.
We're going to put a bunch of football games and a bunch of crap on here.
Is that right? We don't have a New Year's Day show?
No, we do not. You didn't know that? That's awesome.
That's a week from Monday. We're off for...
Well, you're off Christmas Day.
And then you're off New Year's Day.
And of course, I'm off all of those days plus a boxing day and the other days in between.
I'm vacation next week.
Next week!
Oh, thanks to the Lord, baby.
You bet.
You can just imagine all the trouble I can get into on my space next week when I'm on vacation.
Got a lot of time on my hands.
It's gonna be all busy, though, man. I got several important lunch show dates set up.
Can't wait to, uh...
You know, get back with you and see how many new boys you found.
Well, what is that mean? What kind of a meeting like? Who's that?
It's like, you know, that. You know, we had big boys like a week or a guy's whatever.
That's like if I said, you, I can't wait till we get back on it.
I can't see how many little girls you've been to doing.
Whatever, guys.
You know, so bad.
Okay, guys.
You guys did that sound bad?
He's on the phone ordering the howies. Good man.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
We got to eat over here.
Man, he had a good teacher. I'll tell you that.
You can say that to him.
You've got me a working...
Dozey.
I wonder if he's a police meal.
He's picking on me.
Yeah, don't know how many blueberries he's doing.
Huh?
And you're not paying attention to any of them.
You guys just keep eating.
Okay, it's the holidays.
It's a holiday show we don't care.
You'll see. W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Not in the show!
So like I said, we don't have any real colors today.
I'm sure of that.
I wasn't planning on taking any of them.
In fact, we might do the comedy bits things today and tomorrow.
A lot of them.
They're kind of a filler material.
Oh, right.
Well, why not?
How not?
It's that time of the year, man.
Everybody's like screwing off.
People are taking off from work early.
They're like hauling out of town real early.
And the airports are jammed.
That's right. It's the holidays. All requests.
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these requests.
Then we'll get calls.
No, I don't think so.
Yeah, they want to hear young Neal and a bridge tender.
And a bridge tender and young Neal and maybe that one about the...
How do we get out of Iraq, but not the one that you keep playing or whatever that one is?
I don't know what that one is.
I'd be glad to play for that guy, but I haven't got any idea what he's talking about.
And you don't need there.
Nope.
And Chris, I mean, forget about that.
Chris is waiting for the food from Howe's.
What is it?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, El.
Yes, sir.
I want to thank you so much for your show because it really comes in handy.
Thank you for me today.
What do you mean by that?
I ran out of stamina.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Yeah, I'm material too a long time ago, obviously.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neal, you know, you talk about good, you do good.
Yeah, I talk about people like you, man.
We don't want to talk to you.
Don't you understand?
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
That's all.
Just go away.
Say what you've made and go away.
Get back on a banana boat.
The dollar's dead.
Go back in to take over the country.
You'll okay and get out of here.
Find something to do.
Play in traffic.
Just keep running around going, like that.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neal, you messed up, man.
The Panther Games are home.
It's not in New York.
Well, guess what?
It says right here on the schedule, Panthers at the Rangers.
That's Clarence again, Scoon up, real bad.
Okay?
I messed up.
I'm reading what's on the schedule here, baby.
And you're right, he is right.
The game is tonight.
At the Amacarena.
Well, there you go.
That's Clarence again.
It's his Florida Panthers at the Amacarena.
He's at New York Rangers.
He just, this Clarence, man, he knows about hockey.
If it doesn't have to do with UM, you know,
how did UM do against Binghamton basketball last night, for the way?
They lost.
They lost to Binghamton?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Are you kidding me, Binghamton?
He's like a little girl school.
There were like 40 people in Binghamton, New York.
They are a little girl school, and yes, they lost to them.
Well, now that was a home game with it.
Arena that they need, like a hole in the head.
That's correct.
The hole in the head arena.
Well, like I've always said, all through these years
I've been consistent.
I'm not a guy.
I'm a f***ing blow.
I was seven when I was doing UM baseball over six years.
I did not say that.
But the fans still did.
And the whole, the whole program, the whole university still is.
The same crap as it is now.
Only we had a microzenthal doing WVM.
And then WNewstime is 1022 microzenthal.
Wow, those were the days.
And J.R.O.K.T.
with his epicles.
I bet you didn't know that.
Did J.R.O.K.T.
used to be the PA announcer.
And still is for the Hurray King crap.
But he used to be for the Marlins until I kicked his ass out of there.
Uh, his family is the real key to pickle people.
Well, you, I know that from the show.
You've said that.
I want to say it again.
Because he's the oldest UM groupie.
Him and the microzenthal, they'll go to their graves.
You know, go canes.
It'll stay on the tombstone.
Go canes, silly people.
Like that.
Like many of our call, in fact, like most of the callers,
you saw what we had yesterday, the drinks.
And if you thought yesterday was something,
wait till you see today.
Because now it's only four days before Christmas.
Anybody with, who knows anybody else is out there,
is shopping for gifts and running around and, uh, you know,
going nuts over, shooting people over, parking spots, stuff like that.
Well, hopefully we'll get the good cause, like you got when I wasn't here.
No, we will not.
No, that's because you're back.
They don't want to show off while you're here.
Plus they know you're leaving the show.
They don't see if we hit a lot of good cause,
then you feel like bad about leaving the show.
But if the cause continued like they were yesterday and so far today,
it'll be like they got it was working on that material for a half an hour.
And I like, uh, we ran out of summer nights.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah.
Really good.
WQA M. Hello.
QA M.
Mr. Great Golden Chance.
I bet that was the guy from Skyline Show again.
WQA M. Hello.
Hey, where's my girlfriend going to be with the van?
I want to get a CD and T shirt.
Yeah, okay, good.
And I think, uh,
all right in your reinies.
Or maybe on the Pluto, one of the other.
WQA M. Hello.
I healed the morning.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I know.
I'm sorry to ask you, but you've been talking about what happened to your
Myspace, but I still don't get the clue what really happened.
You, uh,
I still hear you heard,
and your feelings have heard,
and what happened?
My, my, my, my,
I get always.
Yes.
Yes.
You don't want to repeat it or?
Now, I don't want to go through that whole business again.
It was a guy that I knew from before that, you know,
asked to be a friend at our Myspace.
And they were communicating and kissing, kissing, kissing my
body and the audio, the audio.
And, uh, then he just vanished, you know, he was supposed to, uh,
meet me for a while.
Look at all those requests, man.
It drives me crazy.
You got to high, high something in Myspace and this and that.
I mean, keep it simple.
Please, just pick up the phone call.
Anyway, I put you in my wheel, my friend.
Okay.
Yeah, real idiot.
I see.
964 votes just on the poll.
Like I said, a little bit too much.
How are you, here?
Maybe they're all on the sauce, in the bag on the sauce, et cetera.
They're all passing around the big,
and smoking those big fat ones.
They're smoking the hero this morning, which is about the only good thing
I can do.
I sure don't want to read it.
964 vote on the poll and only 2.9% I hate this poll.
That's pretty good.
Considering how sour they've been on our polls this holiday season.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Good morning.
I speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, good morning.
I'm listening to you online today for the first time.
You're my right-wing today.
Sounds better.
Well, my employer and the pool business decided to lay me off over the holidays.
Oh, nice.
Could I say their names?
No.
Okay.
I won't.
But I like the way it sounds, and I like the graphics on there too.
Graphics on what?
Online.
All the psychedelic graphics.
Oh.
You don't know they're there?
Yeah, I know they're there.
Yeah.
Who does that?
A guy.
A guy that's up to graphics?
A guy who, a graphic guy.
Well, listen, have a great time in South Bend, man.
Have a good time.
Say how to Brady Quinn.
Give me a big kiss on the lips for me.
Maybe a little tongue, too, would be good.
Just a little, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, like that.
Just a little bit.
Not too much.
Don't get carried away.
People start making all kinds of comments.
Gay.
26 past 10.
Now, that was really sad that it came in a distant third in the Heisman voting, uh, Brady Quinn.
I thought that was...
What did you expect?
I think the Pope is probably going to be pretty peeled about that.
And the Vatican's going to declare war on the US pretty soon, too.
We're going to have to bomb the old Pope with those stupid red shoes.
26 past 10 at 560, W.C.M. broadcasting live and direct from Skyline Chili in Fort Lauderdale.
And we're talking about that before the show today.
Some of you people out there, man, it's just...
You think we have problems during the holidays, huh?
I mean, some of these folks are just unglued, unwrapped, and they're just, uh...
You don't know what to say, because they're maybe like that.
What is the story?
Another good reason to be as far away as possible from South Florida is the people.
The people.
I mean, the palm trees are beautiful, and the ocean looks revised, except it's polluted and cold, and stuff like that.
But, uh, oh, and the beaches, you know, full of garbage and crap and seaweed, but nevertheless.
Just disgusting programs!
I urge everyone to complain to this station!
The recorded record administration has joined the investigation of the E.Cole outbreak at Taco Bell.
No, it is on the E.Cole outware.
The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell.
Well, I drove down to get up in Burrito.
Taco Bell was calling out to me.
It felt like I was shot with a tortilla.
And then I got explosive number three.
Then I threw up higher than the willow trees.
Then I threw up deeper off me to my knees.
I was re-played inside my toilet.
And my two arms, but it wasn't over yet.
Oh, God, I am so sick.
And I was sick as I am.
I must say to the new impossible.
I can't even think now.
Oh, look at me. You can see stuff.
I lost 12 pounds in three hours.
Oh, that's bad.
Yeah, your voice can make you can see my screen.
Oh, it's a lovely screen.
Oh, God.
Oh, that's a lot of time.
I get the best of the work.
Oh, now we may get it away.
I'm not tired of making decent way of new shoes.
I saw it's all over.
Three hours on the gas.
The ground's full of all the welding.
Then I threw up my inside into the rain.
I was weak with case of the earth.
And on my tongue I started growing further.
Yeah, but what's that for?
So anyway, my any man is a new mess.
And why he's not a friend.
I don't think I'm on my space page.
But he sent a message.
You know what he said?
What's that?
Uh-huh.
That's what he said.
Following a New York City recipe,
Wilka Rotone officials are considering banning local eateries
from using trans-fed.
And this right in the way that last step that we played
that you liked so much.
Well, at least you did the yesterday.
But you're a prickly, you might change.
No, it's very good.
989 votes on a poll.
11 mobile baby.
11 mobile have a thousand.
And then I can go in the other room and go back to bed.
Since a move could affect the cost of food and restaurants
from taco joints to the top of line eateries,
see how that fits right in?
From taco joints.
I like taco bell.
I don't hear what anybody says.
Just, I mean, I don't eat there any time soon.
They've got this PR guy on there.
Haven't you seen the spots?
Which I would quote is perfectly safe now.
And it's okay.
The green light you can come in and, you know, whatever.
He's on there.
But I'm trying to assure everybody that the lettuce isn't spural
and the green onions aren't, uh, whatever.
Well, what else are they going to say?
Coated with mung.
Well, of course that's what they're going to say.
Because they got to do business, man.
I like Taco Bell a lot.
Me too.
One of the largest cities in the US has taken a very aggressive
position in the healthcare of its citizens,
Councilman Peter Burranoff said,
the health of Boko residents is just as important he said.
And wouldn't you know that all those Jews in Boko
want to be just like the Jews in New York?
And what's wrong with that?
Wait a minute.
I thought the Jews in Boko were the Jews from New York.
That's what I'm saying.
Okay.
That was the connection, okay?
I know you're a little slow now.
I know you said, huh?
Like that.
He asked city manager,
leaf NL last week to review the city's transfed options,
ranging from an outright band of call for a voluntary
program.
See, one thing I want to find out today,
and I'm never going to find out.
Maybe people send me some messages on the Myspace.
Those are the Myspace people.
Obviously, they got to experience.
Because KJ's wife sent me a message last night.
And she said she's met some real creepy people on there
and people who were at all with a pretended to be.
It's like trying to walk you way through a landmine.
I'm one guy who sent a message yesterday and said that
my space is the crack cocaine of the Internet.
I think at an excellent point.
I agree.
Yeah.
It's the crack cocaine.
You watch how you might have a crack problem like Oprah,
a big, fat crack problem.
Boko joins the number of governments addressing restaurant foods.
Critics see it as an intrusion on personal.
So what I started to say was,
how do you know who it is on the other end?
How do you really find out?
How can you be sure?
I mean, wouldn't it be something if you're like,
forget about what fell I went through the last couple of weeks
with somebody at least I had an idea of who he was, you know,
at least in a body.
But here, you can be talking to anybody.
You can be talking like the beast for all, you know,
and then with some phony picture on there.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Critics see it as an intrusion on personal decision.
Well, all day is welcome.
It is an effort to improve public health.
But no one questions is that using oils without trans fat cost more
which could eat you to restaurant profits or increased food prices.
Well, you know, pay a little bit extra in the stay alive.
Wouldn't you think?
I think most people would pay a little bit extra.
I think they'd have a better chance to stay in hell alive.
It's unfair whether Boko with his 211 sit down restaurants
and 50 takeout joints has the ability to regulate trans fat.
But Veranoff said that even if the city asked restaurants to voluntarily stop using trans fat products
and helps educate diners, we might have helped, he said.
Now, what the hell is this guy's name, Veranoff? What is his first name again?
Peter.
I wonder if he's kind of Larry Veranoff.
Larry Veranoff was the sales manager at the WGNL when I worked in 1975 once pumped.
Another exciting news, Larry Veranoff.
Little guy.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, people like the inside crap baby.
There's a little inside crap for you right in the middle of the holidays.
Larry Veranoff.
Oh, he's a little guy.
Kind of funny.
He was kind of a midget.
Not as short as Maddie Bell though.
Well, I bet you they're not talking to you at power 96 anymore.
Are they?
They probably see you in the hall and go like that.
Actually, I'm happy to say I haven't seen him since.
Good.
What do you mean you're happy to say that something?
Because hostility to me, not from me, but there's a little there.
Next time you see Maddie or Greg in a hallway, just give him kind of a sideways looking going like that.
Adding hydrogen to vegetable oil, a process called hydrogenation creates trans fat,
which increases shelf life and maintains flavor in foods that's found in cooking oils, vegetable shortenings,
some margarine crackers, cookies, snack foods, other foods fried in partially hydrogenated oils.
Trans fat like saturated fat raises LDL cholesterol, but it lowers the desirable HDL cholesterol,
and that contributes to coronary heart disease.
Oh, boy.
So Dr. Gregory Cohen, an expert in cholesterol disorders at Voka Community Hospital.
A heart healthy diet includes less saturated and trans fats,
and that's whether you have a cholesterol problem or not, he'd be saying.
As you know, the New York City of Health voted a board of health,
the Simber 5, that pays off trans fats in restaurants by July 1st, 2008,
in South Florida, in October, Tamarack,
asked all restaurants to volunteer eliminate trans fat from their menus in Tamarack.
Palm Beach County cities with clusters of restaurants such as Vellray, Beach, West Palm,
and Palm Beach, haven't broached the topic.
New York Health officials said they've heard that places like Chicago, Washington, D.C.,
Louisville, and New Jersey, and Canada.
Wow, not...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
Washington, Louisville, and New Jersey, and Canada, we go from like cities and states to a whole country
are considering similar laws.
Good.
You go, you go boys, good job, eh?
And Tuesday Boston's top health officials said trans fats may be banned in that city as early as February.
Todd Weiss, who co-owns the Draft House on West Camino Real,
and another online power, a power line road west of the city,
didn't wait for government instructions.
Two weeks ago he switched to Canola Oil, which has no trans fat.
Just like at the end of the course, they used that the cholesterol-free Canola Oil,
which we mentioned all the spots in between your sain.
See you, yeah.
He went from paying $15 bucks for a three gallon tub of vegetable,
the $32 for the same amount of Canola Oil, and I'm taking a gamble, he said.
Oh, maybe he can find a good machine if he takes a good gamble, I'll take him to Woodbuy.
Uh-oh, what's that? Is that a test or what?
I don't know if he's a test or not a real one.
Yeah, I'm very test.
Now, have your attention, please.
We're not going to be something that this is a real, I'm sure it's a test.
You know, they run a lot of tests over at your best.
What do you do?
Uh, they do. Okay, let me shut the door.
I don't want to have to go through all this.
Okay, stop with this.
Oh, man, enough of the noise off it.
See?
They do that like what?
Every two weeks?
Every, every month.
Every month.
And then every now and then we have like a false real alarm, you know?
And you walk down 80's in flights to stairs, you go out the door and you're outside,
and it's freezing cold and like, yeah.
And it's always a false alarm.
You know, somebody's potsking around and they are parking garage or something or whatever.
But it's a great little or something for you, didn't it?
It's better than going like that.
A thousand eight votes.
I didn't see it.
They sneaked in the thousand plus while I wasn't even looking at it.
Wow.
This has been a banner week.
I got to tell you that.
No matter what happens between now and the end of the show tomorrow,
this has been a banner week in all of our lives.
Josh got himself a great new gig over there at Joe Bellens' house.
And Chris got himself Josh's job even though, of course, it isn't official yet.
But if he just plays the dumb the rest of the lives next two days.
Huh?
Right.
Yeah, just play dumb.
Keep going.
Huh?
Like that.
I'll take it no more.
If they don't stop that beeping out there, I'm going to go out and pull that damn thing out of the ceiling.
You know, you're going to pull the battery out.
A thousand 38 votes on the pool.
Not too bad.
Let's take a puke at it.
Okay.
Let's see what else is going on.
How stressed are you if this is a horrible pool?
I'm so embarrassed I did this.
This was just, I just stole that pool from yesterday's son,
I figured it's good enough for them.
Hey, my holidays.
The holidays, man.
Just, you know, okay.
In other words, there's no action over there saying no pressure.
No pressure control.
Because that stress again.
Stress is bad.
Stress kills.
That's right.
How stressed are you with this time of year?
Not much 199.
Well, good.
Congratulations.
Somewhat, 195.
What me worry 168?
A lot, 160.
Not at all.
155.
See, these are all like, they're all the same basically.
Not really.
Big time.
Not so.
131 people are just nuts.
So they're running around or schlepping or shopping or having a fit.
And I hate this pool.
Look at that only.
About third, man.
28%.
See, here's a pool that they ought to hate.
The good pools we did last couple of days.
A whole bunch of people, like a one two days ago,
which I have no idea what it was.
It was a name good pool and they hated it.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Even you liked it.
I like them all.
1,040 votes on our pool.
567, just like the calls you like them all too.
567,0560.
Did we have a real call so far?
Is it, uh, and I just hyperventilated it?
Uh, not really.
The normal.
Sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, the one guy told us, and thanks by the way for the guy that's straight and clearance out.
Don't be blaming me for the Panther Ranger game is in sunrise at the Macaroon of Night.
Uh, would you guys guess I should know that, but who the hell really cares, okay?
I wonder if the make-believes are playing again, and I wouldn't surprise me.
I'm a little bit out of touch.
I gave up hockey after that game the other night.
Only jumped it off behind the mat.
Please, looking for it.
Yeah, they're looking for it.
They're still looking for it.
Anyway, nobody cares about that crap.
No.
W-D-Q-Y-M, hello.
Oh.
All right.
You're always the deep breath.
You know, it's always the dead giveaway.
Like that.
That was Eddie again, man.
He's been crazy since yesterday.
I just played this not that long ago, for the anything.
Although, you know, it's one of those days you can't play too much.
So this little preview of it, maybe we'll play it near the top of the hour, or not, is the, you know, all depending.
Maybe we'll just put on in this loop and keep playing it over and over, or maybe we'll just play,
or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll
just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or
maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just
play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe
we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play
Or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll
just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or
maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just
play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe we'll just play, or maybe
WQYM Hello
WQYM Hello WQYM Hello WQYM
Hello WQYM Hello Hello, Nioh Yes sir
I got a good thing I got a little bit of a pile here, I got a few stories, not too many, and I'll just play like I'm Fattako Belthing over and over again, over and over and over again, 1161 votes on the pool,
I don't even want to, this bullet's so bad, I'm embarrassed even read the
resolve of it. I'll read it a couple more times before two o'clock, but I'm just,
let's take a look at that schedule folks. We got Curtis for the mad dog at
two. See the mad dog, he only works about 60 days a year, and this is sure not
one of them and tomorrow you can be danger. Guess who's on tomorrow from two to
four? Oh my god, at who does in Pemberg Pines, no less? Wow, my good close
personal squeaky voice friend. Anyway Curtis had two of the power hour with Hank
at the BAC, the Bank Atlantic Center. Oh, don't tell me the heater planes are
not early? I don't know. Now wait a minute, I'm confusing. What is the, which one
is which? The sun rise, the panther building, is that the Bank Atlantic Center
now or what? Yes. Oh, I'm like, like I said, the American Airlines are in it.
Oh, excuse me, that's right. It's the, uh, slip in the Mickey Arena in Dave
County of Miami, slip in the Mickey. So Hank is gonna be, and I'm sure of course
he's gonna be very hockey intensive. Not, let's hope not. Who are the, uh,
the dolphins playing this weekend? The guests? Oh, JETS jets. Oh, the jets are
gonna pick them to pieces. That's gonna be bad. Oh, Chris, let's, won't that be
disgusting? And the Patriots are playing what girls team, I mean, what team
do they play this week? I believe Jacksonville. Oh, that could be a tough game,
man. We want to clinch that division, clinch that playoff spot. That could be
really tough. And of course, if the jets do beat the dolphins, that means the
Patriots really should win that game. They better. Now, not, not take a chance on it
very last week. Anyway, the Panther Previews at seven, Panthers and arrangers at
the back Atlantic Center, she haven't called it the YETS center for so long, and
the Reds Center that I only know what the hell of a name it is, plus it's only
changed about 85 times anyway, right? Yeah, every year. Panthers host the Rangers
tonight. That could be really an interesting game. Then Eddie K follows the hockey
game on his second live show here on QM. And like I said, we wish any all-lock in
the World Hill would come down on his feet to wind up standing. Whatever the hell
that means. And you know, some people always say that, oh, he'll wind up on his
feet. Any will he'll be saying, like that. Like what hit him. But it's a
cost-cutting move by two way. And because we're cheap as all hell, we've got to
pay Neal all those big bucks. And he's about to sign a lifetime contract. He's
gonna work until he croaks until he's no longer capable of coming in and going
by and doing all this. And I think the last three years I'm just gonna be
playing. Like that. And probably, you know, probably wouldn't even notice. It's
1103 at 560 WQIM. Happy holidays to you from all your good, the atheist friends
here at QAIM. All your good, good, good, good. All your religious fanatic friends.
All the far-bison. All the guest fees all the time. And don't forget all your
kids out there. There's no Santa Claus. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay.
56070560. 0560. And I'll see if we had one honest to God, real call so far in
that first hour. Can you name me one? No. Really? Anything even close. I think
the closest we had a couple people call up and no, you're doing a great job, Neal,
you know, like they would call us. That's not a real call. Let's just ask
kissing. I'm not big on those calls. It's boring. That is something ex-inducing.
Coma-inducing. But that's because they got no materials. And even at this time of
the year, and of course, my question about my space and right away, well, we know
you're trolling for people. You know, the interesting part of it is I don't look at
anybody else's stuff. You know what I mean? In other words, people that approach us
in our my space, I look at that. And sometimes I go, huh, like that. Holy cow.
You like that. But nevertheless, you assume whatever you want to assume. And of
course, that's, that would say that's the primary deal with my space.
Is people trolling for action? I mean, is there any doubt about that?
Okay. Well, trolling. I mean, you know, who knows? Get out of here. Come on.
It's got the crap. Just because you don't want to get in deep garbage again with
your Russian girlfriend there. Don't be giving me that baloney. That's what the
primary function is. Most of the people on there, they're trolling for action.
I mean, what's hidden to say that there aren't find-upstanding people who want to
communicate with other, you know, friends. I'm your friend like that, right?
Right. It's a trolling place. Kind of like, huh, like that. So just be careful.
Let's just suggest a deal. And also want to make sure we're not putting
any minors on there. Well, the exception of one who's just almost legal.
Because I think Miguel had said to us at the beginning, he told us we were going to put it.
Because you had like 14 year old kids and 16 year old kids sent on us their profile.
I want to be eye. No, we're not going to put that on there because we know we got a lot of really
dangerous people out there in this audience. And we don't want to get into a jackpot
because of it, right? We don't want to see our friends, our listeners on date line.
Although it might be kind of fun, wouldn't it? Kind of.
WQYM, huh?
I'm going to tell you yesterday and today he is really ripped up for the holidays baby.
He is emoting. Wow. WQYM, hello.
From your favorite product.
Yeah. And, and where is it? Where's the material? He's wearing it. WQYM, hello.
Miso Juani. WQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You can mark this down.
I'm trying to land with the boy over here. Okay, great. Yeah, mark this.
Incredible. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow.
1987 votes on the pool. I think we start that all comedy bit, routine and about noon, don't we?
Yeah. I got a couple of good columns here. I might. Oh, yeah. Drudge report misdrudge speaking of.
You're fair.
Played that. Plays up AP photo of Bush with devil horns. This is so ridiculous.
You know, there's the presidential seal behind the podium where he was speaking.
Bush devil horns. Picked its wires. Blair the headline of the right wing drudge report.
The site suggests that an associated press photo of president Bush credited Lawrence Jackson had intentionally been taken in an angle or otherwise changed the crowd by the news organization to portray the president in the evil light.
Bloggers were quick to put their own spin in on the charge by the Fudge report, which followed several recent press photos that had come under fire for various forms of alteration.
A commenter at hot air had this to say of the horns shot. It's not the photographer. Lawrence Jackson is a good photographer.
He would know history of this type of thing, but the cropping is obvious. Why would you crop a photo almost to his chin and then so high above his head unless you were purposely attempting to frame in the horns?
And it's the wings the wings of the eagle or whatever the hell that is on the president. I don't know what those things are.
It's unknown if the president died with the AP is issued a public comment about and if anything, what they're going to say about the picture of the president.
Oh my god. Wow. It is so sad. Well, they got no other material. They got no tell school.
He wants to send a whole bunch more kids over to Iraq to die. So what am I going to tell you? Let's kill a lot more before we're done. Make it look like we at least give it a good effort.
We're going to have 1100 votes on that pool within two shakes of a lamestail. Not bad, huh? Not bad at all.
Here's the Josh Cordis line QYM Hello. It's not the WQYM Hello.
Yeah, you see I think the taking call is such a good idea after all or. Hey, that's what you people want, man. That's what the audience wants.
So let me ask you, you know, really sounds like you guys have a morning show now that I've listened to some of that. What would you mean by that?
It just seems like it's not all sports anymore.
Oh, you mean our morning show? You're talking about our show? I didn't fall yet.
No, no, no, no. The morning show is evolving and doing good. The ratings came out yesterday. They kicked ass again for the second month in a row. They're doing just fine. Thank the Lord.
Yeah, and you're on your onboard for a long time. You're not going anywhere. I'm not going nowhere as man.
All right. Good. Keep up the good work. I know it's a boring call. Okay. Thanks, pal.
Let me know there are. Okay. Thank you. He said there's a real caller, although he was because he kissed you there at the end, but he actually said you know, complimented the morning show.
The Kenny and Bow morning show 7 to 10 every morning here on QA right after the big. Oh, who is rock solid? All that I compliment them too.
I was listening to them this morning for probably about 20 minutes. Yeah, they're starting to have some on the community and in back.
I'm going to be at the improv. So I was in front of his long sports segments and that ponder or so the dolphins.
Listen, I mean, who wants to talk about the dolphins anyway for Christ's sakes? Well, they showed you that every night.
Jesus Joseph and Solomon and Jacob and Abraham and Moishi all of them.
1093 votes on a pool. I thought he was talking about us like we're doing a morning show. I didn't understand what he was talking about.
But then again, he was, he was okay. And maybe that's why it threw me off because he actually had something to say.
See when you take 600 in a row and finally somebody says something's like, what? What was that like? Like that?
Now, you don't want me to get carried away with that thing. Do you that drop it? I think it's going to get the button now.
What's a button now? And I can put it like. I'm endless like that. But that would be embarrassing even for me. Although I don't think so.
So far, I'm not feeling any embarrassment. WDQ. Y.N. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. Good morning, sir. Listen, I'm glad to be here back on your feet. I'm standing. I'm still standing.
Listen, I'm one of those people that I can't stand to watch the news is through the pressing. But I found this cool web I called Naked News. Have you heard about it? No.
If you go, it's nakednews.com and what it is is the news reporter that they come up to close as they're telling you real news.
Right? It makes the news interesting. It makes it a little more spicy, right?
Oh, yeah, yeah. So if you get a chance, take a look at that.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Pervo. See you. I'm going right now. I bet you are nakednews.com. I'm going to check that during the break.
Nothing I'm going to go on any of those perverted websites. It's not an old queen like me. It's bad. That is bad.
You don't know. Nobody is going to respond to that thing that I asked before and you want to know why because you don't know.
And they all know that too. When you go on my space, you have no idea who you're talking to. Oh, this site's not for you, buddy.
What? Well, it's chicks. Yeah, it's all chicks with big boobies. So what's wrong with that? I might be curious. Just it might be fun.
In other words, I don't want to see chicks with big boobs doing the news. I don't know. I'm obviously not going to linger as long as you guys might, but I might take a quick peek at it.
I mean, you old pervert that I am. I, whatever. This site's not for you. You, uh, that's really only that $10.99 again on a pool.
I don't know why I'm so impressed by the fact we keep coming up with those sign numbers because every now and then you got to like pass by to get to $1.00.
You got to get to $10.99 first. Love it. Oh, for now. 11.04.
How do you like that? Actually, me, you can go to that website if you want. Oh, I know where he had the button.
This is mail is a fact stuff like you are. Oh, yeah, that's right. I just saw that. What's that? There is a naked news mail edition.
Oh, there is. That's right. Well, I like I said during the break. I'll hop right on. So let's speak. And of course, it'll be so shocking. I'll probably go.
Oh, see my fingers look. I was so excited. Probably it's after 11.05.60. WQ, I'm happy Thursday. The 21st boy, like I said, I'll be so glad when these holidays are over with.
I'm not interested to least been in even. I'm not buying anybody no presents. I'm not making up my will again. I'm just trying to slide on through. You know what I'm saying? Through the best I can.
And then once we get to the new year, then look out. Then we're going to be really dangerous. Whatever that means. You think we're going to be dangerous? Oh, yeah.
Based on those numbers yesterday, man, looks like we already are dangerous. We had already nice big uptake up. Uptake uptake outtake. Maybe a little take out.
Cash. Your time.
Okay. Me.
I got a fruit.
Take and some plants.
There's for my nose.
Another ball of old spice.
Boy, did I get a host? He rode upon them. Return to Santa.
Who needs this truck?
This is Christmas.
Really.
Return to Santa.
Don't need to be rude.
But this Christmas.
I got screwed.
Return to Santa.
It's 1118.
I know this for a man.
When you tell me there's something for me on at nakednews.com, that is the ugliest group of guys.
Put more clothes on. That's what I would say.
I couldn't tell you.
I'm watching the other women get a report right now.
I'm watching two women get a report.
Well, there's some pretty interesting chickies on that.
Are you watching the report?
Yes, I am.
And this is free video.
You don't actually have to pay for this.
This looks very pornographic to me.
I don't think we ought to be like having all the kids out there watching boobies.
As if.
Is this pornographic news?
Not yet.
No, not yet.
Well, good. Let's just hope it doesn't get to be.
And let's not be linking up to it or sticking up to it or anything like that.
56670560.
All you people out there walking on eggshells, you'll see there's going to be a knockin' on you door.
Uh-oh.
Chair, remember you from NBC.
You look awfully familiar.
Right.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hi, I'm from Neo.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I just wanted to tell you that I'm at my boyfriend on my space.
I've been dating him for six months and he's mostly normal.
I'm.
Stay late.
Wow, that's amazing.
Yeah, I just wanted to tell you that.
I hope you all have a great day.
Let me ask you a question.
Okay, so you're the first real Myspace person we've had today because nobody wants to be
responsible to ask, how do you know who you're talking to when you're on Myspace?
Unless you meet the person in the flesh.
Well, of course I wanted to meet him very quickly.
I'm not going to have a long, you know, relationship with him online.
And he lives pretty close to me.
So we met, you know, within five days.
Right.
That's the best thing you can do.
You don't know who you're talking to, but I'm not going to sit around and just chat with him
week after week after week.
Yeah, and then find out that it was a Monasha's Scholar for somebody like that.
Absolutely.
Okay, have a happy sweet, aren't you?
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
56670560, 0560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
There's a normal call from a nice lady.
Say, and you're such a skeptic, oh, you're not going to have anybody.
Why not?
Why not?
All right, one down.
Huh?
WQAM, hello.
What was that?
Can't, can't, all be as good as last week.
Just because you were, you know, had the nerve to be in Tahoe on vacation.
When the good stuff was coming in.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, Neil God, how are you, sir?
Yes, sir, okay.
The book reviews, Neil, I really missed that.
If you read anything, you're going to put anything up on your website.
The book reviews are that, man.
Oh, you know, all the years back when you did pro and con and all the religious crap.
And, you know, all the good stuff, man.
It's the intellectual context.
What are you talking about, sir?
What in God's name are you talking about?
Neil, you used to recommend books to your audience.
Books that you were reading that you found have been...
Nobody reads anymore, sir.
Nobody reads.
We have some books up there on the website, and I haven't changed them in a long time,
because nobody reads them, nobody buys them, and have a wonderful life, okay?
Yeah, let's talk about books.
Look, how about reading a book on the air once a while?
And that would be good.
You could start now and finish by next book, as will be excellent.
Oh, my God.
And, see, you're knocking the other, the idiots.
Now, let me ask you, what's more entertaining?
Some of the idiots are this guy.
I said some of the idiots, not all of them, but the sun.
Or this guy.
Definitely some of the idiots.
Some.
Some of them, not, of course, some of them need to be taken out and beaten to a bloody pulp.
WQAM bookline, hello.
See, like I said, need to be taken out.
Must be psychic powers again, and beaten to a, like the size of a fried egg.
WQAM, hello.
You can do it.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you, buddy?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to call.
I heard you talking this morning about computers and everything, and I'm going to let you know
that I took my computer.
I ripped it out of the wall, and I put it out by the street.
It was gone in five minutes, and my life has gotten so much better because I was wasting four hours a day.
Wow.
Reading stupid jokes and e-mailing.
And all of a sudden, I realized I'm not socializing like I used to.
Absolutely correct, sir.
That's what I've been saying.
All this cyber life, this virtual life that all these punks are involved in today, it's substitute for like actual real life and for like human interaction, man.
Right.
I mean, you know what I did?
I was doing, you know, I'm there with all the e-mails and the porn and all the garbage.
And all of a sudden, I looked over and I saw myself in a mirror, like hunched over, looking at the screen, and I thought,
this is me.
So I'm letting you know that you can return to what you have had before, which was a social life, a real life.
A real life without all this, everybody's lying, it's just a bunch of BS.
Yeah, probably.
So all I'm saying is use it very cautiously and not just like crazy.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
See, there was some good advice for some of you people out there.
Don't turn your life into sitting there staring in the, you know, get some real hands on.
I need some action.
Right, maybe your Gilbert's behind some of those screens.
Maybe it's Gilbert is behind that.
I'll assure you his hell hope not.
Wow.
Now, now let me create another scenario for you, okay?
Because, you know, everybody knows that the grotesque thing that I was dragged through for a couple of weeks,
which turned out to be somebody who's running and hiding.
Maybe he's going to want to selling insurance in Vegas one day, but nevertheless.
And that was aggravating and disappointing, because it was somebody I knew.
In other words, I knew it was like a real person, at least somewhat real.
But suppose, you know, you communicate with somebody on there for a long time, for like weeks or months or whatever.
For whatever reason, you're really not interested in like meeting them in person.
You know, you're almost saying like, what if after like six months and this person continues responding,
it doesn't do like a disappearing routine, which I don't know, that could happen, maybe not.
And then at the end of all that time, you find out it's like not even close to who your thought was.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't want to think the answer to that is don't take it too seriously.
That's the answer.
Don't get over involved. Don't like this last guy said, don't make it your life, okay?
Have a real life, not a virtual life, have a real life.
I have no life.
That's the problem. That's why there's so many losers on the internet.
Losers. I mean, there's some nice people on there too, obviously.
Couple. But there's some real losers on there.
Five, six, seven. Do whatever you want. That's what I say.
Do whatever you want. Do no harm, etc. and so on.
And just a good luck. You can say it out of jail.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pond five, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
I had several conversations on my buddy Harry from Detroit last night.
Well, he sent me one message about the odds of this game with the casino and I can...
And I sent back as he listened.
I go to Woodbine because it's fun. It's my recreation.
I had enjoyed. I have a good time. I got lucky yesterday.
I won a couple of grand. It was fun. I had a, you know, I was there for three, four hours.
Not like I spent the whole day there. Not like I took all my lunch money for tomorrow.
It was just some fun.
Because I don't care what anybody says. Those of you who like this professional gambling crap and people who think,
I'm going to beat the odds and I'm going to, you know, do card counting.
There, there, there, obviously, have been a few people who have succeeded in doing that over the years.
A few, very few. But most people, if they gambled their guts out and they take it,
if they're winning over the long run, they are full of crap.
Am I right? Even Joshua Mennon lost 40 bucks in Tahoe and Islam Machine.
And then a real fortune machine. Now, do you get at least a spinner, two or what?
Oh, sure. You know, I was winning like a credit here or five there.
But the total $40 until it was done was a grand total of probably about 10 minutes tops.
Yeah. So, well, that's not too bad.
Yeah. Not good.
You're going to play, now this was the dollar real fortune. Right? Is this cool? Yeah.
No, there was dollar.
I think start with the quarters would be good for you.
Yeah, but like, don't you, if you're going to win, you know, if you, I'm looking at the jackpot state,
you know, they had those nickel ones and then the quarters and the big daddy money.
Is that a dollar? What's that?
No, real fortunes, but they have, you know, slots.
Well, they got penny and they got two penny, man.
Right. I didn't see those.
And they're jammed up. Now, there's your old people.
I mean, living and breathing people aren't playing a penny and two penny slots.
But I mean, there's where your old people are sitting. They bring a roller quarters, you know.
And that's their allotment for the day or for the week or whatever.
And they sit there and there. Yeah, and they're having a good time.
Hey, listen, if you make it to 110, like most of those people, it would be a real kick to have something to go on and do and enjoy a little bit.
What else are you going to do?
I'll be on my space, I guess.
You're going to have a hot romp in a second. You're going to go on my space and start trolling for hot numbers on my space.
I'm just starting. It's a real fly opener for me.
I've just started to get a, just a little bit of an idea of what's going on on that thing.
Just a little, and what do I care? It's none of my business. What do I care what other people are doing?
Like I said, be very cautious. That's just my suggestion.
Be extra cautious. And don't be setting up any lunch and meetings.
Unless you want to meet Miss Kamala up there and wherever she's hanging.
The biggest name of this town.
Hey, Bill. Be a roger.
But I do believe that sounds as.
Absolutely.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
Guanaha.
Yeah.
Doing book reviews and going back to the good stuff, is this guy an imbeciler water?
Yes.
11.59.
Everybody's a program director, maybe everybody's got their idea.
This is what you want to do this.
And how come I've survived all these years?
How come here it is almost 31 years later?
And I'm still sitting here in my box to shorts looking off the window with the sunshine,
having a wonderful life and with my brains back on scrambled again.
It's because you listen to the people.
Oh is that what it is?
Yeah.
I came to the pressure of the people.
They wanted the calls back.
I gave them the calls.
You wanted the calls.
I wouldn't wish these calls on a total of a hunt.
How do you like that?
I wouldn't wish them on Jimmy Marone.
But there you go.
I would wish them on Miriam Toulin.
How do you like that?
I'm Red Ross.
Fice, I'm Ray Stein.
56670560.
Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQRM. Hello.
Hey, Niala the gone.
Okay, sir.
It's good that Jeff got a acknowledgement from Senator Brown's thing.
What a ringing endorsement.
Maybe he does.
Perhaps if I further salute the Nazis assembled together.
Yes.
And I would like to remind you that Dick Cheney may be a witness in the Libby case.
Yeah, I know.
When you like to cross the gamut, huh?
Yeah.
Oh well.
Okay, had a great day, Palli.
Oh my god.
Woo!
Scary.
It's scary.
Really scary now.
Isn't it?
Isn't it starting a little bit scary?
I think it's been scary.
886 friends on our Myspace page.
I think we can make 900 by the end of the year.
Now when George is on next week and I'm on vacation.
And of course we got a short week going up four days.
You need to make him pump it.
You know what I'm saying?
Push it.
Push it.
I, of course, when he's on there because he's got all his young pots moving.
He'll be promoting his own Myspace page.
Leave me by that.
He has his own.
He said his own page.
Profile.
What do you got his profile?
But on his own page.
What are you talking about?
Are you starting to stir up crap again now?
See, this is the way they do it, folks.
Just before he's leaving the show and going over there with Joe Bell for the big bucks.
Now he's starting to stir up some crap between me and George.
That's because he's figuring that he can come back just like they got caught the other day.
So, and take George's job for the really big bucks.
He's designing his office right now.
Wouldn't surprise me.
WNQYM, hello.
Why don't you go to Gambers now?
WNQYM, hello.
Zero God.
WNQYM, hello.
Yes, your show is very still old.
Retire, please.
Or get your butt down here.
Okay.
WNQYM, hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, question for you.
Yeah, I should know the answer to this.
A couple weeks ago you had Ricky Kiki on your show and I know you don't do a lot with,
you don't have a lot of interviews and things.
When is his last day?
I can say.
I am not saying that.
You're going.
No, when is his last performer or when is he going to, you know, sign off?
I mean, I guess one of the, a couple of the news agencies had him booze and it and stuff.
And I'm kind of forced to listen to it in my office.
And I keep thinking that, you know, when is his last day?
What about him?
He had him boo-hoo and what does that mean?
Well, just, he was on, I don't know.
I guess I watched Channel 7 or Channel 10 and they were talking about, you know, what the positive things he's done, you know,
here in South Florida, which for sure he has.
Yes.
But I thought his last day and what kind of, what coincide when you interviewed him and that was a few weeks ago, was it not?
What would that be his last day?
I don't know.
I didn't, I didn't interview.
He called it on the show.
We had a chat for about a few minutes.
I'm sorry.
I caught, I caught kind of the second half of it, you know, just maybe the tail end of your conversation with him.
I just assumed that maybe, you know, because you guys were always kind of rivals and stuff.
But, you know, what?
Well, what is that?
We were always rivals?
Well, I don't know.
I mean, you know, a couple of radio guys going ahead, they're glad.
Yeah, I mean, he's spending records and you're talking.
I mean, yeah.
Man, I think you've been spending something.
I think you're spending a dreidel too fast, baby.
Maybe drinking too much man of shavet.
Too much mogan, David.
Too much Howard David.
Wow, wow.
How do you like that?
I'd rather talk about the book reviews myself.
Did that make any sense to you even a little bit about my good rival, Ricky Tiki Shaw?
You're art rival.
Yeah.
He's spending records and I'm sitting here talking crap for four hours every day.
We're really art rivals.
He's out in the early morning hours and has been for a long, long time.
I'm doing middays, which I've been doing for about the last 700 years.
And of course, when I interviewed him on the show, this man, it meant just desperate.
You are desperate too.
You get out of that place.
Get out of the stuff for now.
Hop out of bus.
Just take a little sack, a little lamp sack and just hop out of bus and say, take me out
of here anywhere, please.
The biggest name.
So best talent for the business.
The Rogers Force Radio 560.
You AM.
This has more Howard and David today.
I'm still not working anyway, but if it's all the same to you, I'd like to make my contribution
to the war on Christmas by saying, giggiggiggigg.
Happy?
Honakaka giggigg.
That's...
Honakaka.
Oh, it's you.
Let's say it together, shall we?
Honakaka giggigg.
Yeah.
I, uh, took the trouble, uh, getting us up over here, Gildi.
Look me.
Yeah, go ahead and open it.
Oh, boy.
What's that design on the wrapping tape?
Oh, that.
That's Niels Will.
Oh, yeah.
That's the latest thing.
What a happy thing.
Ooh, the cool thing gets real here.
What?
Let me see that.
That ain't really a moron.
I'm open.
I say, thanks, Mom.
You like it, huh?
Yeah, but just one question.
Yeah.
What are these?
They're frizzballs.
Frizzballs.
Why sure?
Now you can keep your poop fresh.
Frizzballs.
Now you always thought that's what you needed.
Uh, where...
What'd you get me?
Yeah.
Here's yours.
Yeah, that's right.
Niels Will again, I see.
I know.
I even found a copy under my windshield whiteboard public.
I had my bathroom wallpaper painted with this stuff.
Blammy, then I hope.
You splatter.
What is this?
A white paper.
And what exactly am I supposed to do with this?
Apply it directly to the forehead.
Apply this.
Pfft!
Pfft!
Pfft!
Pfft!
Pfft!
Pfft!
Pfft!
Thank you, Ellie.
We've really whipped up this morning at the end of the Canadian Vosio.
Man, he had his chance to really slice him off an end.
Man, you're talking to me about that far.
Why don't you bring him out of...
Because you're a worst, that's why.
Because you won't tell it on the ear like you did off the ear.
That's the thing I can't stand.
People who are whining and screaming and howling in the whole ways.
Every time you see him,
Oh, I don't think I can take another damn with that mole.
Like a maniac.
And then, yeah, as soon as he goes on here, it's like he claims up.
1179 votes on a poll will have 1200 by noon.
Now, what does that say to you?
What's that number?
14 today, you think?
Yeah, that sounds about right.
14, I mean.
On December 21st, that would be quite an accomplishment.
It wouldn't surprise me if the Chicago Sun Times plastered the front headline with that.
Florida talk-host gets 14-year-old votes on his poll during the show
in a horse ball place like South Florida.
And if you don't believe it's a horse ball place, listen to these calls.
Listen to these calls.
See, I was the one who decided that I wanted to give the calls a rest for a while
because they were getting so bad.
They were absolutely, uh, but the audience, we took a vote on it,
was overwhelming.
They want the calls.
They like it.
Am I right?
Yeah.
We did a democratic way.
I didn't cave into anything.
We did a democratic way.
That's what the overwhelming majority of the audience wants.
They don't want to sit here on their ass with some old turd sitting on a radio
or reading a bunch of a boring crap.
At least to them, it's boring.
I think it's simulating.
And George thinks so too, but he ain't even working this week.
Somebody Qion, hello?
Hi, is this Roger?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
I just wanted to say that, you know, sometimes you talk about those people who are religious freaks
and they think the earth and the universe are 10,000 years old.
5,000, 6,000 years old.
Yeah, that's even worse.
Well, I can prove to them right now that they're totally wrong without any devices or anything.
Yeah.
Well, the leader star, I think, is opposite to surety, which is like, I don't know, 1.2 million
light years away, so it took that long for the light to get here.
Hey, don't start with that Kami Pico science man.
But I just want to let him know.
You're probably one of those evil secular humanists that can spell on a mile away.
Hey, no, have we not even talking about the billions of light years of galaxies
are away from our state?
Correct.
They don't confuse these people with a facts man.
They can't handle it.
They're brainwashed lemons, and I'll pray for you.
I thought I'd give him a little advice.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I'll say a brocha for you.
I'll say a brocha for you.
I will chateau, rinoi, yadi yadi yadi, it's everyone's soul.
Oi!
Who put the oi in Adanoi?
That's what I like to know.
Remember who put the bomb in the bomb, bomb, bomb by very man?
Or you know, because it's long before you were born.
A horrible record about that.
Very man.
Could he sing?
Can he build it out?
No.
Nothing.
Stupid record.
Who put the bomb in the bomb to bomb?
Oh, brother.
Who put the oi in Adanoi?
Huh?
Who put the...
Oi!
WQIM, hello.
Now see, there's not a bad one right there, where that lady called in, and we had that
Ricky taking Shaga.
And that was obviously a business.
You know, somebody in the business, couldn't you tell by that voice?
Well, you know, you know, Rick had that, uh, grab a cereal relationship, you were Arch-Rival.
And what's somebody in the business?
So there's a good lesson from both of you guys.
That's what this business will do to you over a period of time, especially there, where you are.
Especially right there.
WQIM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, how are you?
Yes, sir.
Uh, let me just tell you about it.
A dream ticket for the Republican Party.
Oh, my God.
Who are we even?
Sam Brown, Crafts.
Are you talking to a Campbell Soup Can or what?
What are you talking into?
What?
He sounds like you're talking through a roll of toilet paper.
What the hell are you talking to?
In a really cheap telephone.
Oh, my God.
Come on.
Come on, a big spender like you.
You can afford a couple of bucks.
Well, I got to go out and get one for Bruce, my son, for half of a guy.
Sounds like you got it.
A box of Crack Your Jets.
Okay, ask the K-Milv this man.
Get a new phone.
Well, that guy used to be a good guy.
He used to be like talking on a real phone.
And now things are so tight.
He probably had to like go out and sell his guayah vera.
Wow, that's bad.
I'll read the poll.
I really don't like to, because it's a bad poll.
I'm embarrassed by it.
Although we're getting a lot of votes.
See, I think that no matter what the poll question is,
you're still going to vote, you know what I'm saying?
Of course, even if it's, I hate this poll.
Even if, yeah, like a crampy pool.
Like this one.
How stressed are you with this time of the year?
I mean, that is, it's like paper or plastic, you know, soap or body wash.
Are you really spastic?
How stressed are you?
Not much, 234.
Somewhat, 231.
Want me to worry 183.
See, now what does that mean?
Nothing so far.
A lot, 175.
Not at all, 174.
Big time, not so, 144.
Like not so.
And I hate this poll.
Only 43, 3.8%.
It's a horrible poll.
I'm embarrassed and humiliated and degraded by it.
And still, we got 185 votes.
And like I said, by noon, we'll be right at 1200 to their boots.
Yeah, we'll have 1200.
Don't forget the Panthers and the Rangers at the Yantos Center tonight.
It's 7 o'clock pre-game, and we got the game at 730 with Guilty.
That's silly as red-year Randy Molar.
I'm assuming he's still on the games.
I don't know why I don't hear him.
Yeah.
I could come in here and listen to the game tonight, but I don't think I'm going to be doing that.
I think probably to make believes they're playing tonight.
I have no idea who they're playing, and I just hope it's not another one of those blowouts.
Oh my god.
That would be embarrassing another one of those.
I just feel a swoon coming on again.
W-Q-Y-M hockey center.
W-Q-Y-M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Good morning.
This is Russ.
From Los Vegas.
Vegas.
All right.
Hey, I was just trying to...
You don't sell real estate out there by chance, do you, Russ?
Well, right now I'm just trying to get better all the...
That's the limit.
I'll tell you, it's killing me out here.
All right, all right, insurance.
Maybe this guy sells insurance in Vegas.
Go ahead, Russ.
Anyway, let's try to find out at the wood vine.
Do they have those big giant new wheel of fortune machines?
What do you mean the big giant one?
What does that mean?
Well, if there's about...
I'd say about nine benches around.
It's in a circle.
You're just facing each other.
On a big giant dial in the middle.
They're all pinny and nickel slots, but you bet about three to five bucks a hand.
Right.
And we don't have those yet.
And they got the jacked cross for engineering from about a million to seven million.
All right.
That's what I'm talking about.
Well, I'll be right out.
Okay, I'll be waiting at the airport for you.
I'll see you at the MGM, grand, Russ.
I'll be waiting there.
I'll see you.
Bye, Frank.
Okay, bye for now.
Wow, I'm not going to Vegas anytime soon, although I think maybe an early in the year I may be going there.
Yeah, you said you were going out there.
Yeah, February.
And you know who's birthday?
It is the last day of February.
Huh?
Oh, man.
You know something?
See, because I'm getting to be a real Savior's to my old age.
I take such great delight in knowing that there are people out there who are so obsessed with worrying about,
Oh, is he trolling on the internet for our gay sex?
Is he a ride?
Right.
I'm a crazy person, right?
It's just...
I don't know whether it's sad or it's funny, but I guess a combination to both.
It's pathetic is what it is.
I have no life.
Pathetic.
But anyway, and actually I had a good time conversing with my good friend last night.
I'm assuming he's for real and maybe he's not.
I don't know.
And maybe I'll never know.
I'm saying one thing, whoever picked out that picture, sure picked a good picture.
I will say that.
How stressed are you with this Saturday?
We got 1192 votes.
I'm sure I'm not going to read that result again, but I'm just pointing out we're almost to that 1200 mark
and that would put a real feather in Chris's calf as he tried desperately to a grab Josh's job.
Josh is on a way out.
Josh is on the way out.
He did a good job for a couple of years, but we had a meeting and we decided, well, you know,
enough is enough.
Is that how it went down?
Just like that.
Yeah.
Maddie Bell was in the meeting.
Maddie Bell, for those who know George, whoever met George or seen him,
Maddie Bell comes up to George's kneecap.
He's like a little munchkin.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
What about Pomp and Al Honda?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
The basketball house is closing in a few months.
There's the good call.
See, I told you, it was wine, Mike, with a bulletin about the basketball houses and my J-Cosing and well, well.
Well, if there's a rascal here, he ought to be the expert on it.
Man, oh man.
Almost 31 years later, and that voice is still haunting me.
Still enough to just tear your kish-kish-y's up.
1156 at Q-A-M.
The biggest name of best talent.
This is Neil Rogers, four-chwit-e-o-five-six-e-a-m.
No question about it.
That's one of the real serious problems in the world today.
Too many.
Go ahead.
Trouble to it, five-six-e-w-Q-M.
We got 1199 on the pool.
What are we going to get that 12,000, 12-billionth vote?
I bet you if I refresh that baby right now, it's going to be still 1199.
How come this always happens to me?
Ruled them along or coming in in big chunks on the pool.
And then we get to like something with a 99.
And then when you want to click over the next, you know, there it is, 1200.
Wow.
A battle.
Real battle.
Of course, like yesterday, you know, once we get to this time of the day,
anybody with a minute life, they're out and about.
Am I right?
Yeah.
So if you thought the calls were stellar during the first two hours,
wait till you find out that I'm not taking any of these lines two hours.
Oh, look at the 12.
Where are those bits?
They're coming.
So is next to Shivu and so are those comedy bits.
Today and I'm probably most of the day tomorrow, although naturally,
we'll probably get some suggestions for Needles Will.
I love that, Betty.
She said, Kelly says, I found one under my windshield wife,
my car, and publics.
Beautiful.
Nice go on, chicken, heck.
Maybe I'll read that book that Tom Hartman wrote that chicken, heck, just to me,
about the evisceration of the middle class in America.
Boy, oh boy.
Get about a one share with that.
Minus numbers came out yesterday in case you rock, shop, and then run it around.
And we just kicked ass on the station, Kenny and Bo and a morning show are doing a fine job.
They're rebuilding a number in there and spot a Greg Reed breaking that shoulder pieces.
And now that man dog in the hump are back where they belong in the original spot,
which never should have been moved out of the first place.
And now we're starting to do numbers all.
Every day part went up.
And we kicked big fat, though, nasty ass if you asked me.
Because if we did a 5.5, 10 to 3, it means we did a 6, something 10 to 2 and many 18 plus,
which means we could do like an 8 or even a, you know, I'm getting optimistic even a 25, 54 man.
Because all that crap about the audio, my B and all that, those all the, oh, that's like 95 plus.
And death plus 10.
Michael Butler, this is on this murking ship, says it's time for a national spotlight on the media.
This is a really good article.
I'm going to try and do it justice, okay?
You know what I'm saying?
Go try.
Hey, listen, I got some stuff here.
I'm going to do some book reviews.
You'll see we're saving a really good stuff to the one or two hour.
Okay, sweet.
Michael Butler says it's time for a national spotlight on the media.
I don't mean a candlelight vigil.
This isn't about mourning, not about keeping a hope alive, not about lifting a lone flame,
not even in prayerful numbers against the oppressive wall of darkness.
This is about turning on floodlights, shining a beam of insistent knowledge,
casting a ray of illumination at the heart of deception, sinuses of encode money motives,
to tell the local editors and reporters, we see you.
I would stand in front of the studio's offices of Fox News, CNN, The New York Times,
the Chicago Tribune, and Amos Simple, flash lighted their door.
Forget the White House, the Capitol and the local federal courthouse.
They don't control the narrative.
They don't frame the questions.
And at the end of the day, when the evening news comes on,
it's not the president of the pope or the chief police who gives the explanations.
Say to MSNBC, CBS, CBS and Washington Post, we know what you're doing.
If our collective will is strong enough, if our purpose is true enough,
if we move in the right sphere, will they listen to a beam of light?
Then when they come to ask, or if anyone wants to know,
why are you standing here when we frame the questions,
when we give the explanations, we will ask,
for what noble cause our merconsovers dying in Iraq?
After all, you are the media, you are the news, you're not just a mirror of America
like some kind of empty blank slate that fills up with random notes.
It's your job to make sense of the world, to tell us what's really going on.
Why aren't you performing your job?
And what should we call a free press that only presents part of the picture,
distorts the meaning of the picture, and tells us outright lies?
How is it that a majority of Americans sell them,
or every here their own views echoed an amplified in the mainstream media,
that are told what to think and what to think about by an alien voice
that makes them feel isolated in their opinions?
How is it that the majority of Americans understand perfectly well,
the most fundamental truth about American politics in the modern era,
a fact that's virtually never heard or mentioned or investigated,
that regardless of which party related controls the White House of the Congress,
the same owners are calling the shots.
Too often, too much the insurance companies write their own regulations,
the H&O's make the rules they abide by, the energy companies,
the timber companies, the mining companies, the pharmaceutical industry,
the automakers, the defense contractors, the banking sector,
defines legislation to their liking and their privilege.
And on and on, the profit of monetary advantage takes precedence
over the long-term interest of local community value, sustainable development,
even life and health and safety of the common peoples.
And who made the choice to leave off the facts to make believe pink is purple
and fill the screen with titillating distractions?
We see you hiding there pretending you're not the instrument of change,
pretending you're not the wall itself that keeps us prisoner of your will.
How is it that important committees in Congress can be confronted by evidence
that demands impeachment of the President of the USA
can face wrenching battles of conscience and political will
that decide the fate of the nation by a single voter to
and be a story that rates out a mention, not a paragraph, not a phrase
in any of the major newspapers news outlets of this country?
How is it that hundreds of thousands of people can fill the streets
and protest against works that are evil done by government and their name
while the message of a few hundred people holding their counter-demonstration
on the fringe is given equal weight and equal or greater time?
How is it that massive numbers of people can turn a spotlight
to the issues of grave national concern, putting hands and hearts and feet
to a path that one news director deems, not newsworthy,
while one influential puppet marginalizes and dismisses their efforts
with prominent and well-reported spite?
How is it that poll-actor poll, not once but numerous times repeated
over the course of more than a year, shows a majority of Americans
favor due consideration of evidence by the August body of our national legislature
and impeachment of President George W. Bush, if the facts will indicate
yet hardly a columnist will touch the story, no network tracks to develop
and an area commentator's solution for national will.
We see you pretending you're the voice of the people,
pretending you serve our interests.
How many times must a white dove sail before this is our land?
It's time for a national spotlight on the media.
All of a sudden it's going to break out in the song there.
How many times the answer is blown in the wind?
I think that's what he's trying to say is that the media blows
and I think he's absolutely correct.
Maybe what he's trying to say is...
The media is sick and it's not badly.
We need help badly because there are only Keith Oberman,
man, there's a guy that tells you the truth.
There's a guy with a big, huge parrot.
That's why he's got that big deep voice, Keith Oberman, on MSNBC.
Ever watch him? No.
Chris?
No sir?
Same to the one he's got.
We know him from a sports center.
Exactly.
Schmucks.
1204 on the pool.
I'm not going to read the...
Just we got over 12 to 12.
I'm not going to read it because it's bad.
It's embarrassing.
Not as embarrassing as he's called.
In fact, I just reached over for the first time in about three weeks down,
shut off that monitor.
Did you?
Well, because otherwise I might be tempted to take more calls between now and two o'clock.
Because it's not for a lack of numbers.
Yesterday was a lack of numbers up.
They were starting to get good though.
Oh man.
Well, George must have left you a big fat one rolled up there in that cabinet.
You must be hallucinating.
You must be doing magic mushrooms.
They were starting to get good.
What century was that?
That was a joke.
Oh, we didn't have that one good call.
The lady?
Yes.
She was good.
And then we had the Ricky Tiki guy, you know, my adversary Rick Shaw.
And how come he did reach out?
I mean, you interviewed him on the radio.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Like that.
That got the puke man, the radio puke.
And if I was there, I'd be puke into it, believe it,
with or without those cruise ships.
And f***ing nothing.
Come on.
This is Joe Bohr and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
The federal food and drug administration is joining the investigation
of the E. coli outbreak at Taco Bell.
No, it's not an E. coli outbreak.
The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell.
Well, I drove down to get a bing-boree home.
Taco Bell was calling out to me.
She felt like I was shot with a torpedo.
And then I got explosive number three.
Then I threw up higher than ball with all of trees.
And I threw up deeper up into my ears.
Careful.
I was real playing inside my toilet.
And my two eyes, but it wasn't over yet.
Oh, God, I am so sick.
Yeah, not as sick as I am.
I'm sick of the new.
And blind of all, I can't even believe it down.
Oh, look at me.
You can see stuff.
I lost 12,3 hours.
Oh, that's bad.
I knew it.
Yeah, no worries to me.
You can see my spleen.
Oh, it's a lovely spleen.
Oh, God.
Don't walk around.
I get the massive hurt.
No, don't leave me.
Get out of the way.
I know I need to make a decent way to show my son.
Oh, bring all the girls.
The cramps were all the welding.
Then I threw up my ear, started to breathe.
I was weak with case of the appeal.
And on my tongue, I started growing thin.
All right.
Down through the script, going back and go.
This is a guitar and a guitar of a type of gold.
You say honey, that's honey gold.
So when you take them back, you do the private.
Go.
Go.
Go.
That's bad.
Take your courage and insist.
I'm gonna hold it down, like a tuna fish.
Take it up a big roll of this fat.
You know, only by the scale case you can't wear it that.
Go ahead.
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
That's bad.
And on my hands, I hold it up a big fat guy.
She throughout her way through bold and bright.
That's an actually themselves and out.
Or you need to stick on my head.
Now
From 18 at 560 WM we have 1218 votes
I we could do that again in a zillion years could we
1218 votes at 1218 are you impressed not probably thought I was going to be playing a whole bunch more bits there yeah I did and I was I was
I was winning I won in Ruff with this bullet in here well not a bullet
It's a bedtime story no bulletin uh-huh talking about
Convignations tell pastors fight off immoral desires it's this story today's L.A. Times
Today reports in the aftermath of urban Ted Hagrid scandal gay Christian churches are devising means to prevent their
Pances from succumbing to immoral desires oh my god the L.A. Times definitely salmon reports that churches are
Concerned about the temptations ministers face by immoral desires like a lust for pornography and addiction to drugs or life long same sex attraction
You ferry the Denver Seminary's Craig will offer it is quoted as warning that the
Desire for perfection among church leadership doesn't allow leaders to struggle to be human to deal with their issues without fear of losing their
Ministry
Passages also experience solitude in their jobs as a consequence of the high standard of which they're held by the congregations
They subsequently feel as though they've got no one to speak with about the issues with which they struggle
A number of means they're proposed to help pastor deal with their fallibility one idea is accountability partners
We'll hear off the problems of church leaders and confidence and we view to advise them as required another proposal is to require the
Pasha to receive annual counseling at Christian retreats where they all sit around in a big circle and say oh god that's good
Is that what they say?
Deal God!
I'm sure I'm Jesus Christ!
Absolutely!
I'm sure I'm Jesus Christ!
I'm Jesus Christ!
And so on Christmas morning let good tidings fool your head
What a festive season!
Someday you'll be dead!
Oh dead dead dead!
Someday we'll be dead!
Ah dead dead dead!
Everyone you know, dead!
I'll bury Merry Christmas to you, dead!
Happy!
Happy!
Merry Christmas everybody!
And so so so many!
And anytime they see that we're lacking in the form
They provide a headlight that will lead you by the throne
And so you say, they say, is the one who can now be now the only one they can take over
No point in God to die, we got a right now we're all hooked in and saved, we got a equal attack as the most we got in
Ways for such things
You say 9 or 11 is what they got here to do me
Can't get any gum but a whole tiny cut of the leaf
You believe in me what they say and it's like a call
Like a thunder wolf who has a human relations
A star in a state to recall with truth
I'll be a legend of we got a precious kind of king we got a...
Oh my god
We don't say it, we don't say let's bury our heads
We don't say it, we don't say let's bury our heads
Oh, we see a lot of things that I've promised you
Don't show hope so fine when it goes past the dawn then let's bury our heads
We don't say it, we don't say let's bury our heads
25 past noon at 5.60 WQM we're going to have some really heavy duty stuff
Then of course then what do we do tomorrow for an encore?
Just play all the same stuff all over again?
Yeah, we'll just run the data
How many a choice to prove best do we have left?
1229 votes as if I want to interject there I don't want to like you know
Because if we don't pump the thing we'll never get to 1400
That's right, that's true
And if we don't get to 1400 we might not even come back tomorrow
I'm on the biggest name so best candidate of the Lachemitz
4th radio 560 WQM
I'm on this theme and I'm going to wrap it all year long
Do you want it more and you got it?
The band dog is back singing 4th duets on banded synths volume 2
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Old number 8 is back airing off with the great singing more big hits
Which even more big stars the mad dog does them all
Maybe if you Did this alright
...
Alright
What was wrong with her
It's alright
It's alright
Alright
Alright
It's an all new British invasion
With the mad dog singing like a man
The truth is finally out that she managed was truly the fifth
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
I don't think so. So we had looked at Rossi Pabley with him and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's kind of a fish's cute.
All right, all right.
Oh, all right.
All right, all right.
Happy it's been.
baja Mild.
All right.
Oh, great old man!
So great, oh great old man!
Oh, say, oh, say, oh, say, oh, why?
Britney, say a crutch, Britney, say a crutch, Britney, say a crutch,
Britney, say a crutch, Britney, say a crutch,
I sent a song, the camel's old you got.
I really wish you were paired with Christmas,
so you don't look like a tramp with Christmas.
I hope your plan wearing pairs is Christmas,
when your friends give us a pause.
This holiday season Fox brings you the interview
that will shock the nation.
How could I possibly have taken all of the toys from the whole girls and boys
with one seven one tiny dog at the postures?
The bridge, if I stole Christmas, hear how it happened.
Please, I don't even own a sewing machine.
I couldn't make a quick Santa Claus hat in a coat that I wanted to do.
Accused of committing the most heinous crime in Christmas history,
the Grinch tells his story.
I took the last can of who has a high-dove even like who has.
The Grinch, if I stole Christmas, hear how it happened.
I'll tell you who committed the real crime.
Jim Carey, a brown Howard, that in combination of a film,
completely missed the point.
Only unfox.
All right.
Britney and Paris, Britney and Paris,
ones of pasta and the other and ares,
both of them with millions and they spend their money on bread,
millions, Britney and Paris, Britney and Paris.
You would think that they would be embarrassed
to birds of a feather who cannot keep their legs together.
Joy, joy, joy to separate them.
You just can't do it when it comes to wearing underwear.
They just say screw it, Britney and Paris,
Britney and Paris, everybody knows these bras are hellless,
ones and unfit mother,
don't get me started on the other.
Watch solid.
Oh, brown mother, don't want to get your mouth.
See your hands in the smile of men,
while they're only curtains, now you give them a chance.
Know if you're blown, you can feel all right.
Try not to feel the weight, you're not a stop light.
Brown mother, sometimes a kid in Rome.
Brown mother, it's better if you go.
I said I, I, I, you.
They're wonderful, they're wonderful, they're good.
I said I, I, I, you.
I said I, I, you.
I said I, I, you.
Luciano Pavarotti, now the fattest of the three tenors is back,
stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by mother nature
in a new CD box set.
Pavarotti does Motown.
Not much longer would you be mine.
Oh, Pavarotti does Motown.
If you thought he was good with an Arya,
wait a minute, you hear him work over the real classics.
Pavarotti does Motown.
Gives you the chance to listen to solid gold tunes brought to life in a way you never hoped for.
I'm going to wait to the midnight hour,
that's with my long-term strumming down.
I'm going to wait to the midnight hour,
when there's no barriers around.
Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown.
But don't tell Luciano or Wilson Pickett.
So what are you waiting for?
If you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores,
call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering dust for years to come.
Superfine, mommy buns.
You know that I love you.
I can't help myself.
I won't be one of the other hills.
Pavarotti does Motown.
Get it? Well, surprise last.
By the way, surprise are not likely to run out anytime soon.
You watch him every night on CNN.
Welcome everybody to Larry King Live.
That's right, he's Larry King.
And now America's most famous cable news host with a pacemaker has cut a new CD entitled Larry King sings Pop Marley.
We're jamming.
I want the jammas with you.
Also Oklahoma.
Hello.
You'll take this legendary newsman's interpretations of any more legendary songwriter.
Chick-a-pump, chick-a-pump.
He shot the sheriff.
That's why he'll be my guest right after these words from Garley hits Manifink.
Larry King sings Pop Marley, only as Larry King can.
One love.
One heart.
Let's forget the fact that I've had 15 bypass operations.
Get Larry King sings Pop Marley today to order your copies in $3 million to cover the cost of his child's performance to Larry King Live, dare of CNN.
No woman, no cry.
The elevator checks in the mail.
Honey, stop your cry.
No woman, no cry.
What do you really try to say, Larry?
No.
Larry, don't be trusted.
OK, 20 to 1 at 5.60.
We have 12.50 in that pool.
I don't think 14 hundreds in the cards today.
I think you were shooting a little bit too high.
Oh, sorry.
My bad.
I mean, it's from this point on, from this point through the weekend through Christmas Day, and maybe even through New Year.
It's like we're just sitting here like talking to ourselves, aren't we?
Just among friends?
Yeah, we're crucial.
We're on cruise control.
We're cruising, and we have 12.58.
I say our goal is like 12.75.
The biggest name of the best talents to the business, Neil Rogers, sports radio 5.60, U.A.
It in, and hold it.
There's a marvelous place I know, where all the wealthy people go.
It's where royalty play follow, and that's what I like about Belka.
A down there, he goes all the way very small.
A down where they say, help call, and every corner has a ball.
That's what I like about Belka.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I
'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man,
Doji bells and pervades watches when shoes make us so approaches if you're clean we'll let you touch us and that's what I like about Velka.
We really don't care what you think. You see how a dude who doesn't stink. There's no coffee, only Mocha. And that's what I like about Velka.
I like to get out of the Dutch one, I like about Velka.
Oh, we don't sound as hack-and-sack news Italian. All camera-ack with him. On a cold ass-hat dance, a vetch about the going next door.
They all try and pull half a mile and they wear that Gucci smile and they stand in line a while, waving on their ear they burn.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave the Brooklyn city, make the Toronto and go to look back down the Jersey turn-by to Tamarack, throw the malls and as I walk sail from your hair as you wrap your nails, tell your friends you're going to Bloomingdale, they won't fit far behind.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave the Brooklyn city, make the Toronto and go to look back down the Jersey turn-by to Tamarack.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and as I walk sail from your hair as you wrap your nails, tell your friends you're going to Bloomingdale, they won't fit far behind.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too.
It's a little old lady from Italy.
It's a little old lady from Italy.
It's a little old lady, it's a little old lady, it's a little old lady, it's a little old lady, it's a little old lady, it's a little old lady.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too.
Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too. Leave Manhattan, the Bronx and Queens, that island too.
Right, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
So in an unspokenuktical way, there's an actual constant difference Huh? Why is it so sweet?
Like saces we sing, like verses but we must tell you
We swear we're not there if you want
These outfits to class, they would kick your ass
Like them!
Was a close on the delicate side
No, don't do a session with your smile
No, but today we think that we have better say
We swear we're not gay
I swear we're not gay
Me too, not this kid, not this old girl
1255-560-W-Q-A-M
Happy Christmas to you, I'm going to take you something
This is whether you like it or not
It's like we're in suspended animation these next few days
Like the world is coming to a halt, everything just freezes
1275 votes, we got 13 hundred votes, that's about it
I don't think we got any shot at 14 or I'm going to give you an honest estimate
1277, no chance
There's nobody available out there, why do you think the phones have been extra crispy the last couple days
After those really nifty calls we had last week, just ask Chris, he'll tell you it was fabulous
Wonderful, well that wasn't spectacular compared to usual man, it was a breath of something
Everybody's shopping today, that's why I just got through a sandwich
Don't overdo it Chris, wonderful was good but don't overdo it
You better have a little session with him during the break
Alright, 277 votes, I'm averse by this poll really
I'm averse by your calls too but that's nothing new but the poll will usually give you a good poll
Now the one for tomorrow about Neal's will, you know, I don't think Chris is going in the will
He's not even officially on a show yet
But if I worked your life croak, what if he's on there like the next 20 years, what if I worked your life like 84
That's the case, he's going to get more than me
Let me just put it to this way, I don't want to burst your bevel
But if he gets anything like at any time, it will be the biggest name
You can tell in the comments, huh?
The truck's a CO560, huh?
Just got the rail, it went up and broke it, take a slap and all the women with painted lips around the pool
I listened to the Neal Rogers 1-2
I mean I listened to the Neal Rogers air and balance 1-2 hours
Woooah, wooah, wooah, wooah
Alright
It's been rough for my internship that your rating's a diet now
Well I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was till your hand house
Rackdoms?
Yeah, don't you get quite somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants?
Are you lazy?
There ain't no chance I'll ever be coming back
Outside of considering a look rid of the counteract
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitter to ground with it, why that's easy
It's useful
Oh, should be this small
Oh, should be this small
Oh, should be this small
Oh, should be this small
It won't grow
Oh, should be this small
That's you today
That's my rating that bottomed out in the tank
Which radio had the remote to open a gate in the woods
And we did
Yeah, oh should be this small
Oh, should be this small
Oh, should be this small
Oh, it won't grow
Oh, it won't grow
Oh, don't you mind it?
You might have been waiting for something
Back home in a gibbonus
Wow, ho, ho
Are you going to go fly on me?
Yeah, I'm going to fly
Oh, I'm going to fly
I'm going to fly
Let's fuck off
Hang on
Oh
Oh
Jason you're on QM
You don't have any national guards then because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the National Guard.
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard. No.
Oh, what the hell?
They've got a call here. There's a number one grader. They've got a Moihai with a baby in his own.
At least according to my aspirations.
Stay away from me. I don't even know how you have children.
Miramar hello.
Yes, I want your take on J. Bieber.
Oh, J. Bieber is a great quarterback and a good Jew.
I like J. Bieber.
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary, never-least smooth pepops.
Oh, yeah!
Maybe you've got to be careful with what you say here.
Oh, thank you, ma'am.
No, no, no, wait a minute. Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look at that. How about this? I was the way that down there in Miramar.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait. By the way, stop.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I tell you what. I'll hold you over in a break. How's that?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts. How's that?
Bye bye, sir.
No way, too. That was the only call that we had.
The beans on your nose is blowing again.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Wow! You got thick, with your face.
On your nose and on your face.
And around those losing pimples.
You're my, yeah, wow, wow.
If you go up in the mirror, you'll be a rolled mask of gasoline.
You got your heavy sun.
Way to die, die, die, die.
Wow, wow.
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I think.
Am I vain?
Because then I start to tickle.
I had annoyed and it dorked, or dorked, or dorked.
Yeah, I hope I've gone far in the past.
After a close-up, I'm currently old-fashioned.
With a nose that's full, with wiggle veins.
Yeah, this life is not too long to see.
And say it's kind of a strawberry.
I will not have a feeling, wiggle veins.
Da la da bo-da do la who do 
Scary, funny,iod chanomiiii!!!
Haha.
Oh, whiteillion lashes.
Oh, Aug
Why does that put a penapon up in his mouth?
You are a terrible, what are you doing here not a little?
I'm waiting, I'm here. I do, I know, then, that's not like,
Kanye's even best for you.
Well, you're forcing me to do this.
I think I've got a nice Hawaiian punch.
You.
Ah!
Don't, don't, don't.
Don't, don't, don't.
Don't, don't, don't.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Don't.
I don't know, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, no!
Don't.
Don't, don't, don't.
Don't.
Don't.
Don't, don't, don't.
Don't.
Don't.
not you.
Stop.
Don't.
Don't.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
I'm going to go to the dark side.
The boy is a back-and- 1946 breeder,
with a red nose on his head.
I'm going to press forward,
he must've rew verily seenab that devices
A scorpion btw.
I know every technos going on in tattoos.
Why I even know all the no-majot rules.
I picked to the judge.
Daddy, I'll use it in the room.
You guys are going back to your life.
It's the better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way clearly.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
Little smoothies and boys.
And the game.
We're the best.
But the little...
So you guys...
Let's go!
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do
it Add 4-4-5-6-Okay What is that? Okay hold it.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
I'm the one who's waking up.
Sounds to me like Moe is jealous.
Do do do do. Like a felon 12 minutes after one in five 60 W here.
We got over 13 out of four 1303.
All right, not that exciting when you come right down to it.
But what do you expect?
We are in a vacuum like I said Moe is will be farting into a wind storm.
How stressed are you at this time of the year?
How stressed out?
1303 not much 259 somewhat 254.
I'm real stressed out because there's Kira Phillips on CNN.
I hate that bitch.
Oh, I can't stand her.
What me worry 200?
Stressed out a lot 190.
Not at all 189.
Big time.
Rough so like a lunatic like a maniac 161.
And I hate this pool.
So let me take the...
Sequanta.
I can't I start like with the Italian numbers and the Spanish numbers.
And I like mixing match.
It's not good.
So Tom Fudg and Cinquanta.
How's that?
Cinquanta Barane.
50 3.8%.
I mean this is a pool that I wouldn't wish on Hitler.
That's how bad it is.
And they basically like it.
What has that proved to you?
They're brainless?
Or maybe they're tasteless in their...
Tooth.
The biggest name for the best talent to the fastest meal, Roger.
So 4th radio 560.
QAM.
Freedom and say cheese.
Well my friends the time is come.
Who did my doctor get real drunk?
On the highway she swirves to and fro.
While the sirens play on playing.
The suggested thing I say in advance.
You see a cunning run real fast.
She going to smoke up the gun.
She can't run us or rest us.
And it goes in me long.
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
Do you I?
She's got her life for manners.
And her rap also sliders you.
Do you I?
Do you I?
My mind she can't drive.
It's like a guy and that's the truth.
I'd like to get closer how about you.
It's a good time or get me on.
We can play chamber all night long.
We can't hold on.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
We can't be good.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the kind of ride
that I've been to the roundings today.
Oh, right.
Now, it's a classic set of wheels,
six of the way your brother would die here.
Now, it's a key to trying to get the trimmer's cool,
and it does not have a seat.
I got the can of the quick-jerry yolk.
Oh, baby.
Open the door,
now the cherry cherry,
and the baby rings.
Oh, baby.
Shiny little little little smelly,
the heat of the suspension.
Now, it's the one bounce down the road
and the bit that is super-now-aid.
Now, with the hotest stuff,
no big deal of something.
I'll get around the pieces of praise.
I got 79,
found both Adelina.
So, we'll combine now,
it's my baby Cadillac.
Oh, baby.
Open the door,
now the cherry,
and the baby rings.
Oh, baby.
Shiny little little smelly,
the heat of the suspension.
I got my windows down,
on a hot summer day,
cause they're easy-done,
with no way.
The spreading pressure in our seats
spots the smell that gets the touchy
working over time.
I got this one.
I'm a back-to-new find,
the shiny grandest smell like lie,
thanks my coffee-javit to reserving
washing it with on the road.
The whole baby.
Open the door,
now the cherry,
and the baby rings.
Oh, baby.
Michael Schappen,
who's going over streetwalks in Kusu.
Oh, baby.
First, the law and theory of advance
into the baby rings.
Oh, baby.
This is the perfect battle to tell the baby.
Well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, who got the money from his daddy?
And if I said my little brat,
who's an agenda that's grabbed me?
Oh, well, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
Go for their fillet.
Well, he's a president,
till son,
who doesn't have to run?
And when else is gonna win?
He might as well just move right in.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
He has a golden spoon.
He was born with some disaster.
Look out all you Jews.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Oh, he'll give our civil rights to Wampie.
Oh, my ZZZLA has a Nazi.
Call of a BLA.
Absolutely.
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew.
With very bad disputes,
who never pay his dues?
My next year will all be screwed.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
SIGHARD.
Any smuck would win that race against Buddy,
but K, why do you think they call it Gubber?
Victoria, anyway.
He's a telehazzy Nazi.
Who will make the KKK happy?
Oh, yeah, he's a telehazzy Nazi.
So, the BLA.
Come on, let's do step.
Come on, let's go for a ride.
Oh.
Oh, right.
And there's coffee and tea.
Walkin' or a man.
Come and don't go running,
come and raise your hands.
You replace the fortune.
At the same time,
you'll grab with the better way
to rate that torture and snare.
Oncurin' Iraq, we cause we hate them.
For something that we know they did not do.
Push up our Nazi occupation.
Now we're all screwed.
And as a stoppage,
let's be free to bring.
And pile up from by far wide to their safe.
And those they give it may.
Stack them in a pile.
There's a code that opens to say Jesus, smile.
Wolver's way in all that's rapish farce hers.
In wrestling, go a tragedy of foreshadowing.
Like the first, you only follow shorter.
Walk with me and speak cold.
Action is from its key,
now like that full-dice.
Like the hurt like rubber on a matter they got.
125 and 560 W.
We have Happy Chinooka, Mary Christmas,
and Ayadi-Adiada, all of a sudden a Khazirai.
From town halls to the state house,
Vermont activists push for a bush in pitchmen.
See, I thought I threw a little zinger in here.
And by the way, when we come back for the thing tomorrow,
for finale for the week.
Does anybody there?
These guys leave.
We're listening to.
Oh.
What happened to Josh?
He bailed out?
No, right here, man.
Oh, okay.
What did I say?
I think I'm talking to myself.
See, I'm playing these vids now.
These guys are like, they're playing the party show.
Well, I'm on the computer, you know?
I'll bet you are, man.
We'll make a back end of it.
We're really nervous about guys who spend too much time
on the computer.
Anyway, it says earlier this year,
five towns in the state of Vermont,
the National Attention,
when they passed articles of impeachment against President
George W. Bush,
now, raw stories learned that more Vermont towns
and some state legislators are gearing up to do the same.
All right.
Organizers in 40 towns across the state of Vermont
are currently collecting signatures
in support of Bush's impeachment.
They report having already surpassed the required number
of signatures in the towns of Westminster and Brookline,
preparing to present them to the respective town clerks.
Don't be a jerk.
Give it to your town clerk.
And there's some different variations going around
to Quintet Dan DeWalt, the primary organizer in the effort.
But the wall said that though the language in the text
may vary from town to town,
the primary charges are unchanged.
The charges are spying on Americans,
torture and lying about the war.
There will be variations you've explained,
but they'll all be saying the same reasons.
When in doubt, kick his ass out.
That's the message, okay?
Don't be mad.
What I was going to say is tomorrow,
because it's going to be a lot more than just today,
because maybe we'll take a call into tomorrow.
I don't know. Maybe my close friend
and former adversary Rick Scholl will call him by doubt it.
Why you doubt it?
He called it a couple times in this kidding.
But I mean, what the hell was that call?
What was that idiot?
But if I don't want to repeat the stuff I played it in,
it's going to be a real challenge.
So if I do play anything tomorrow,
that you heard me play today,
because I'm going to leave them both of your hands,
you're going to have to punish me for that,
probably like dropping something like that.
So if I mess stuff, I messed up real bad.
There you go. That might not be bad either.
The biggest thing is that I'm 22 out of 12.
Which is this? We need to like tricking 21.
Radio 560.
You A.M.
Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen,
this is Rambled Forward 5.
Oh, you.
John Rambled Still The Live.
I want to make movies for in 5.
My life ain't going great plan to Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambled 2 was in 85 late.
Rambled 3 was in 88.
Show it. And hold it. And show it.
My God. I did not make this movie with my son.
He never said,
she was in Rocky's 5 and daylight,
the tunnel movie.
A little bit cashing,
what I mean.
I got to get a load from the pile of creed.
I got to have another head movie.
Or a Broadway show like Hannah Hane.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to come in.
All I got left is just a flavor.
Yeah.
Ready to jump.
I need to make Rambled 4 in 5.
Uh.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do that a long walk.
Keep it zip.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure. And drama.
That the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be at Oprah,
and now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showin' Bull Kepsie.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit of cashing,
what I mean.
I got to get a load from the pile of creed.
I got to have another head movie.
Or a Broadway show like Melanie.
I guess nobody ever saw Kaplan.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to come in.
All I got left is just a flavor.
That's why ladies and gentlemen.
I need to make rambo, foreign.
Bam!
The heart of the woods.
And then the Lord said,
let there be light and low.
There was light from the same people
who brought to the much beloved talking Bible.
Comes a new 10 volume set,
brilliantly updated for the 80s.
Jell's it's the rapping Bible.
There was dark everywhere.
Then the man said,
lie in the light,
what's the day?
He said,
I'm done good.
There's no doubt.
On the seventh day,
he just chill out.
Genesis.
Genesis.
Beginning of that.
Beginning of that.
Finally, a good book.
And his word is,
back there,
check it out.
There's a town called Starram.
And tomorrow,
everybody party,
like no tomorrow.
God's a douse it.
Now my fault.
Don't look back or you turn into a song.
I was waiting to compete.
Started to drink.
The cow came up and make money.
Take a lick, ya'll.
Of a cheek, ya'll.
Imagine all the song,
all the terrible,
every sacred biblical word,
interpreted by the finest Saka in Seeds of all time.
Genesis.
Genesis.
Do the rap.
The rapping Bible.
Making his word,
the verse again.
You make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
Then I'm all on my mind as he said up by the...
Oh, my God.
It's you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
And the heart is there,
you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
Then I'm all on my mind as he said up by the...
Rasta me, Rasta you,
Rasta flat, Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Hey, Rasta you,
I say hi and I,
I feel you're doing it.
Oi!
How come you don't wear jet lights?
I'm not that orthodox.
I like Jimmy Quizz,
and I like that Smokashtrip.
I like Mansu-Pray.
I am my evening type of guy.
Rasta me, Rasta you,
Rasta flat, Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
I like Gochetsu,
and I like the motorbike,
chicken soup with Canada luck.
That's what I like,
and I never taste it.
Cracky, slicey, crga,
and I like the sound of the wind.
Flanking and giving the fish,
Blast much more my skin,
Rasta me, Rasta you,
Rasta flat,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Oi!
Hey, we're losing cloud or one, huh?
Wow, Oi!
Flouder, Oi!
I'm tired of the ass!
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Rasta you,
Yes my Rasta you,
Oh, you're doing it so much like a smoking roast,
My brother.
That was the place of my brother.
Rios keep your pants above,
Rasta my husband,
I'm so ashamed of you,
Why were you here for nothing?
To you they know nothing.
But your crazy,
at least pay a little price,
Rios keep your pants above,
Rios keep your pants above,
Yeah, mine.
Yeah, mine.
Anyway, the reason that those are so loud in there is because that was off the year, you know,
From my OD 100 years ago,
Because that's the only copy we had of it.
So the drop-ins were already in there and they were like real,
Oh, I see.
For some reason, maybe it was just real enthusiastic.
Or maybe you had more vinegar and whatever goes with it back in the day, you think?
All right, it's okay.
A little more energy back then.
Yeah, a little bit loud on the,
Oh, I see.
That's okay.
13-1 votes, man.
And if Chris would have pushed for that 14, man, if he would have like, uh, just, you know,
Chimbread in there, we could have made it.
Josh says if we don't get 14, he's leaving after getting out of here.
Now, what's the story?
Do we have a date?
I don't think we have a set date now.
How do we get a date as in, like, going out or something like that?
By the way, you know, I have, I know,
Call me crazy and it wouldn't be the first time at all, especially the last couple of weeks.
But I, I have a goal.
And it's not that I'm like obsessed anymore.
Oh, boy.
No, seriously, I'm talking about it in my lifetime goal.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, I have many goals.
Yeah, that's one of them.
But forget about that.
He's just my buddy there online.
That one.
Huh?
He's a good guy.
I think I hope he's for real, but I don't know.
See, I'm just, I'm never going to adjust to that.
I'm just too old to start like, uh, just in my mind all over again.
Oh, yeah, you're chatting very innocently and of course being very careful with whoever you're talking to one here.
And who do you know?
Who you're talking to?
You don't know who it is.
But anyway, my goal, I think I'll announce it tomorrow.
Okay.
Your goal?
Yeah, it's not nothing big important.
Let me sound like, uh, you know, for life.
It's just something.
Wait a minute.
You're just about to say it right now.
But I didn't see.
And you're, is he's like sliding off the edge of the chair?
I don't think it's going to give you like all hysterical or blown away or anything like that.
And you're going to say, man, you're an idiot.
Wouldn't be the first time for that idiot.
But since you're leaving the show, you can go ahead and in fact say it now.
You're an idiot.
You're an idiot.
Okay.
So listen, the show tomorrow is about to will.
So this name is so fast to answer the thesis.
Be a raw traction in that case.
We talk about it in seconds.
We talk about it in seconds.
Don't need my queen.
God.
My name is Barry.
Tell me where it's fading.
Until I spent some afternoon's recording.
Some old foggy tunes.
I never dreamed that.
Any of this crap would sell it all when I was done.
But I did unit number one.
Can't keep it stocked on shelves.
So it's just pouring it out.
That damn thing is selling like ice.
All out of fart faster than I'm making dough from.
We're not in grandpa.
My bank account's big as Montana.
New morning dough from grandma and grandpa.
These songs are crappy but I keep them as we making dough from.
That white hair crowd.
I feel those bad through and sinking.
Straight through my stomach.
Oh man.
Rock solid.
Since breakfast my body sure been sinking.
God has spanned my whole day on the can.
Next time I better think.
Cause you can't do anything.
While those bad proves start to sink.
Now I ate a bunch of them this morning.
How was I to know it was illegal those?
Huh?
Ran to the bathroom without going in.
Oh.
I almost did it baby boy that was closed.
So watch what you're swallowing.
God you can't do anything.
While those bad proves start to sink.
Those deadly little things.
But much stronger than you think.
While those bad proves start to sink.
When some of me I'll try to put me down.
And says he has a lot of congregation.
I tell him right away now this and here.
To take care of that show.
It's not the one in the nation.
I was paid to give all dollars for the day.
I was paid to give all dollars for the day.
I was paid to give all dollars for the day.
I was paid to give all dollars for the day.
I was paid to give all dollars for the day.
So be true to your show.
It's not my choice.
It's my choice.
Early ancient life.
It's my choice.
It's my choice.
It's my choice.
That's the word I need for you.
It's not my choice.
Be true to your show.
I'll be jacked up on the sabbiz serve, I'll be ready to pray, I'll be in city now, I go for that the author in the choir now, she'll be singing away,
Speak to your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be
your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I I And me our love is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show my pride on my here and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is for you now and I'll be you now and I'll get your show, my smile the jednak's home where my smile is for you now and I'll be your show. My heart is for you now and I'll be your show, my smile is so filled with my truth to you now
Oh, right.
Have you heard the inter-guy known as Robert Greatford?
When he meets spots with words like noise he sounds like that relief air.
And if this sponsor should ask him, he sounds a little more masculine.
Look at the poor Robert Greatford.
If it's a really very hard to say the wrong one, watch out for Robert Greatford.
Come to the capital and talk to the state of your mind.
Stay away from Robert Greatford.
Especially if this time I'll be annoying.
Look at Robert Greatford.
Go through the copy of, as you can say, you're annoying.
Hey, Mo, see you around.
Good luck finding work in some other town.
So, Robert, thank you for all the fun and we know you're really care.
You're gonna find most anywhere.
Nobody wanna see you.
You're begging, get it, underwear.
Or wait for man to leave me here in the day.
Hey, I'm out of time.
Hi.
This movie, now, is nice when you go away.
And if you two are still, we don't be re-cai-i-i-i-i-i.
Ah, that's a-ha-ha-ha-ha.
You're true.
What's definitely done, now?
Oh, that's not gonna be a wrong.
And I came out of town.
Now you're just gonna look like Bob.
I don't wanna get beaten sooner over and say,
Hey, that's a-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Bob, try hit me now.
I'll have you on the stage.
Hey, you're part of me, Bob.
Yes, Bob!
Bob!
Mum's is the word, man.
He's written the expression, mum is the word.
In this case, mum's is the word, right?
Absolutely.
1347 votes.
We could have made it, man.
It's Chris had done it.
Don't deny it.
You're responsible.
You're the one that's gotta remind me to mark,
as am I a dottering old fang?
You gotta remind me that tomorrow, I'm gonna tell you that.
It's just a silly thing, but you'll find it amusing.
My goal.
Write it down.
Write it on your wrist.
I'm writing it.
Actually, I was jobbed by the way,
changing that pool, fill in for Georgia, was good work.
Not that it's a major assignment, but I just, you know,
figured it'd say something good before he leaves the show.
Well, I'm trying to get on your good side.
For what?
Oh, that's right.
The will is, uh, okay.
Curtis Stevenson will not be in my will,
but he's a really good guy.
He's in for Mad Dog between two and four.
In fact, I think he may be ahead of you on that will list.
I'll have to check.
Then we got the power hour with the Humper
at the Yanta Center between four and five,
because there's no Mad Dog today.
So the Humper is gonna be over there to hopefully,
they'll make him climb all the way to the top of the stairs there.
Walk it off, Humper.
Hank Solo at the Yanta Center at five to seven.
What's that John C?
Who's John C?
John C.
John C.
That's his producer?
Oh, that's with it.
So Hank is out of the line.
John C.
He's there.
Trying to cope with that whole thing.
And of course, Hank will be very hockey intensive.
I think that Panthers have got a kid named Campbell.
I don't know what his first name is.
Man, I'm gonna have to change my desktop again.
Wow.
I'll panthor preview with seven.
See there was something good about the Leafs to lose that game tonight.
Nothing really good, but something good.
Panthers and arrangers at the Yanta Center at seven,
30 with Guilty and Red Gersilias Randy Moore and Eddie Kay.
His second last show on QM tonight.
Almost brings it to my eye, you know.
Almost.
Well, it's a sad.
He's been on a station for about a hundred years.
A lot longer than I've been.
And he's done a fine job and a lot of people like him.
And he's on it.
He's like late night companion for all the generic gamblers out there.
With the nice Eddie Kay's last,
the second last show on the Mara's D finale.
Following the Beast, we're talking about giving your guy a tough assignment on the way out.
The biggest name.
The best talent to the best is the Unrotors for the radio 560s.
UAM.
It's David.
I'm going to play every child.
Oh right.
At 560.
WQA.
Boy.
Ramon got run over by a reindeer.
Why does this song air each Christmas Eve?
No one even cares that it's not funny.
But those who own these stations still believe.
I hear it every Christmas season.
While I'm driving in my car.
Don't they understand it's acne?
It's even on the jukebox at the bar.
I might have laughed it at the first time.
Maybe the second time as well.
But now this music makes me queasy.
And I know it's Christmas time, but go to hell.
Ramon got run over by a reindeer.
All right.
It's so funny I forgot to laugh.
If I had my way I'd make the DJ.
Greatest stupid record right in hand.
Bye bye bye.
