Good morning to Neil.
Where is the end?
Almost.
Better day today.
Better than what?
What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
Yesterday when you came on, you were upset about something here.
But how unusual.
My name is Ta-da.
Yeah, how unusual.
But the winds of change are blowing in this place.
Yeah, it blows all right.
You can see that again.
Hey, so this place blows.
Are you not talking about the water knots, you know, are you?
Don't pick on her.
I didn't say anything except that I heard she's leaving.
Yeah.
Well, we're really going to have quite a big bash as a send-off.
Oh!
Is the Taddle House taking reservations?
I think that place that Skipper Chuck used to advertise.
What was that?
Oh, I know the place you're talking about.
Tropical lake.
Yeah.
Where they bring a glass of fizzy water for you to put your teeth in on the...
We had a couple of Christmas parties there.
Yeah, I heard that.
Figures.
Probably a trade.
I'm sure it's a fine place.
I don't know.
I think I ate there once.
But it impressed me as the over the death plus 20 crowd eating in there.
It's an older group.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
It's the death group in there.
And then of course, yesterday I was having really a fine day and then the phone rang
was your buddy Clarence.
You know, you have created more.
I told you this couple weeks ago, more monsters.
Between two gods and Clarence, boy.
Is that two gods going to?
No, no.
Clarence was more than enough.
Give me a lecture on life.
I was talking about when Ken Walden was the program director at WGBS years ago.
And they went out and covered the morale and Ken got a houseboat and had it anchored on the 18th green or adjacent to it.
And they had beer for everybody and they had people out on the course fire reports.
And they had fun.
Yeah.
Ken's not that busy these days.
He'd be a good PD.
Yeah, there you go.
We need a real PD.
We had a junior PD cause here to give me instructions on life yesterday.
Yeah.
I was having a really good food day yesterday.
I was doing really well.
In fact, my weight's pretty good right now.
But after that phone call, I was so aggravated by a 20 minutes in the middle of the afternoon.
Much to do about nothing.
Pat pat pat pat pat.
You know, just buzzing in my ear.
I went across the convenience store.
I got three.
Nestle is the very, the very small.
Three Nestle is ice cream sandwiches.
Oh, God.
No, no, that's only the beginning.
And then of course, I ate those three so fast that it stimulated my appetite.
So I went over and got three more.
You ate six ice cream bars?
Ice cream sandwiches.
Ice cream sandwiches.
These are the real small ones.
But I mean, you know, not good, Clarence.
Thanks a lot for screwing up my blood sugar.
I messed it up my life.
You're a killer, Clarence.
You idiot.
You're quizzling.
You're fair.
You're simple, then.
God is him more on.
But then again, we got to have somebody do you in basketball, you know?
Now let's see.
Is that a home game tomorrow?
Is he going to be getting out of here today?
I was thinking he was in Maryland tomorrow.
Oh, it's an away game.
College Park.
Bye bye, Clarence.
I don't hurry up.
What is it?
It's a nice campus.
No.
Well, I'll take your word for it.
Where is it?
It's not too far from here.
It's near Washington.
It's closer to Washington.
College Park, Maryland.
I'll take your word for it.
And it's almost as exciting as homestead where David Samson may be building a stadium now.
No, I knew.
When I said was that they actually left there with an agreement that he'll enter a car in the homestead race.
What was that?
That's what that was about.
Oh, is it going to be a Cadillac?
Civil?
On their budget, it'll be a Volkswagen.
Oh.
Yeah, David Samson made yesterday with three homestead representatives to discuss moving the team to the side of the city's baseball complex.
Oh, give me a break.
I think we can build a fan base here if there are a lot of people in commuting distance said poison ivy.
That's the city manager.
Poison ivy.
Oh, there's a lot of people flocking the homestead these days.
Oh, my God.
I can't imagine a better place for the Marlins far away from most people where they'll be safe.
What you want to do, it reminds me of a story about when they did a study.
The people who had the Burger King franchise on Los Solos and the beach.
Okay.
And they got it very cheap because when they used to when Burger King did the traffic studies, they measured traffic coming from all directions.
And since there was no traffic coming from the ocean, they said, oh, we only have three way traffic coming in here and a guy stole the place.
That's what homestead is.
Homestead is in a place where you can only get there from one direction.
That's a bad idea.
We'll be putting it down in the keys.
Yeah.
So everybody could drive over there.
They're looking to hide it a little further.
Right.
You know, the Marlins situation reminds me of the panthers.
The difference being there are a lot more baseball fans obviously down there than there are hockey fans.
But you know, it's the same thing.
They all, if you don't build me the arena, blah blah blah blah, I'm going to move to Nashville.
That was the threat at the time, Portland or Nashville.
And so they build that big gigantic arena there, the Macarena.
It's a beautiful place.
The people that go there, 90% of them spend their time wandering around on a hallway, choosing and drinking and eating and filling their fat face.
And so on a cell phone talking to a aunt, aunt, whatever her name is Esther.
And nobody's coming.
And like I told you yesterday, your buddy is on the verge of dismantling that team too because he wants to do it on the cheap.
And he want to keep pouring more millions into it.
And so what did that accomplish?
I mean, you know, it's nice for concerts, I guess.
But what did that accomplish?
And the same thing, this business, oh, if we just had the stadium, people will show up.
No, they won't.
They could build a beautiful stadium right where they, right next door to the current stadium.
You know, they built that stadium.
And they didn't even have a minor league team out there.
They're going to get people to show up.
They keep pissing people off more and more and more chasing them away.
Oh, gee, why don't you come and support our franchise because you're putting out crap?
That's why.
They build a stadium in Phoenix that's supposed to be one of these stadium art places with a swimming pool out.
Beyond center field.
Why don't you go and drown the grisky's in it?
Well, they're not drawing any people.
Well, there you go.
The first couple of years, yeah.
Everybody was excited about it.
Just like baseball was here, the first couple of years they drew people.
Sure.
It's a novelty.
Something new and exciting.
But it doesn't guarantee you a long-term success.
Well, especially when you keep having fire sales and just manly with team, people get this.
But now this is the second time around for this routine.
Yeah.
It's like your president says, fool me once.
Yeah, I can't get fooled again or whatever the hell he said.
What does he say?
He just says, I didn't know about that.
He says, I didn't know about that.
I didn't know about that.
Yeah.
About that deal with the A-Rabs.
Well, we don't want to piss off the A-Rabs street now.
We don't want to get those people angry on the A-Rabs street.
That's the new deal.
Well, by the way, I got a story today about the fact that the Dubai-Port's company enforces the Israeli boycott.
They will not ship any product of what was made in Israel.
So not only don't they, there's not the government of the UAE recognizes Israel, but the ports firm enforces the Arab boycott against Israel.
So any product that was made in Israel will just, who knows where they put it.
I have an idea.
Maybe under the schmatte's, I don't know.
Correct them.
They're hiding it somewhere.
Well, I won't be going there for any horse racing event.
Yeah, it's funny you should mention that because I just had the racing just astonishing.
I just had it on there a couple of minutes ago watching some of last night's activity.
And on the bottom, the crawl was the Dubai, you know, they got the big races there.
Because all those schmatte's got the big bucks on the, all right, the race.
24th.
Oh, yeah.
So they're going to have that on the racing.
I'll be sure to miss that.
Dubai Dubai Dubai Dubai.
What they did over there was they duplicated Churchill.
They have so much money. It doesn't matter.
Oh, yeah.
They duplicated Churchill down.
Well, I think it's better having a good time with it because most of it is our money.
So, rather than having a field day with it.
But we don't want to get angry with the Arab street.
You understand? Whatever that is.
And now the new deal, CNN 24.7, now to cover up all the other scantles that are going on in the port steel.
Now it's Marty Graz on it right now.
There you go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's very smart. Yeah, look at that.
Yeah, good morning America was doing a lot of work.
They were all over it like Stink on the water, Nazi man. They're just obsessed with it.
24.7 with a Marty Gra.
Meanwhile, all those people whose houses got blown away and are homeless.
They're houses. They're still blown away in their homeless and they're running out of money.
They only got a billion dollars left in the Katrina fund, which may sound like a lot of money.
But it's not when you're dealing with that many people and that many homes.
Yet people want to stay in the war ones. They read that story too.
Yeah, four out of five of them want to stay there.
Well, that's great. I'm happy for them. In fact, maybe you can go open a pub tent concession.
At the fairgrounds.
Look at that. There's the scum house of Brian. He's got his, I thought that was from Hawaii.
They put those things on. He's got his lay around the neck.
They're all who stepped there, all dressed all drunk like usual in New Orleans like any other day.
You know, like nothing ever happened.
The only problem is half of the city is still a homeless, but other than that.
Why should we care about such things?
Meanwhile, they're saying that next year is going to be a worse hurricane season than last year was.
What I say is that no more trips to Florida for this kid. Remember that?
Yeah.
I think that's a real good idea.
This might be a good time to sell the house.
If you're thinking about it, it sounds like a great idea.
Yeah, especially when I see what the going rate is in that area. Wow.
Shocking.
There was a feature today in USA today about Las Vegas and how it's growing.
All the suburbs are growing. It's not just about the strip anymore.
And they bring a lot of doctors in and businesses are moving there.
And the average, the median income residents out there now sells for $300,000.
I can remember when you could get a place there for 150,000 that was like huge.
Yeah.
But no more.
I would want to live there. I crossed my mind once for about five minutes.
And I drove out there with my rent a car, drove out there in the hinterlands up toward the mountains
and looked at the beautiful homes and all that.
Yeah, it looks nice, but it's the weather.
The climate, first of all, is just absolutely intolerable unless you like it 150 degrees in the shade.
And secondly, I mean, just other than the gambling and the shows,
if you're into the shows needing all those buffets, which would put both of us in a box very soon.
What's the big attraction there?
It's just another city.
Yeah.
Once you get away from the strip.
Right. Just another town.
It's like a sweet water.
Oh, it's...
Oh, it's speaking English.
It's a little nicer than sweet water.
But there are areas there.
But the last time you've been in sweet water, you better go check it out.
It might be a...
In fact, I'd go over to Hylia. Maybe Rale Martin.
Oh, I won't be doing that.
Maybe Rale Martin is a buy-in-ice lunch in Hylia.
Probably be your last lunch, but...
In fact, you remember, Louise and the Bronx, I think they just opened one in Hylia.
Yeah, 49th Street.
Rale Martin goes into the tea room there, probably reaching for the piece behind the box behind the toilet.
I wouldn't be surprised if they still got those kind of toilets in Hylia.
With the...
The box?
The box in the...
Yeah, yeah.
Where you pull the chain, the fuss and roll it.
I know they got some interesting toilets in Westland, where they do the limbo rock up there.
I heard a lot of stories about that.
Some of our...
No speaking English, they like drilling glory holes.
They bring along their own power drills when they go to shopping at JC Penney's.
But that's another story.
So you ready for tomorrow?
Well, I don't know what the big deal is with tomorrow.
So it's the 30th anniversary show, and nothing going to happen.
It's just going to be another show as far as I know.
I'm not sure if we don't have a bunch of contrived phone calls.
I sure hope I don't get no call from your buddy Clarence again.
Jesus, God.
That is...
You're going to have to live that down the rest of your life.
Clarence?
Yes, you invented him.
Yeah, he sure did a good job screwing over his buddy Duff.
I'll tell you that.
He sure turned on him like a cornered rat.
Nice going, Clarence, although there is hope because Joe Kiminis warned enough to me about somebody leaving.
I don't want to mention any names.
Thought he's on.
And he tells me that he resigned to honor my 30th anniversary.
I don't believe that, but that would be nice to think that.
An honor of a 30th anniversary that accomplished that.
Guess what, Phyllis?
I'm still around.
You're gone.
You're out.
You're out, sweetheart.
And I suggested Joe that she's got all those OJ, all that member beating her office.
We could auction it off on eBay.
Make some, you know, other cash stream for the company.
Maybe then the company could afford to pay Josh Cordis what he's trying to get.
A few bucks.
Or they cheap.
They are so cheap, man.
It's just scary.
Kind of like when Michael sat down with the, the consul Yeri, you're out.
Yeah, you're out, Tom.
You're out, Tom.
Maybe I can help.
You're out, Tom.
And that was when they were making the move to Vegas.
He had all fits together.
Yeah.
And the pieces of life, the pieces of the puzzle of life, they all fit together.
Even though they seem all disassociated.
Now, do you see the movie Crash yet?
No.
Gotta see that.
Really good movie.
Crash?
Okay.
Excellent.
Not good, but excellent.
Grieper and Copa are agreeing.
In fact, I saw it last night on, it was on my cable last night.
Maybe I'll go tonight.
Stumbled on the last hour if it was on again.
And I watched the whole last hour.
Oh, it's on cable.
Grieper's got a copy, he can lend you.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, I got mine.
Yeah, but the question is does Hank have a DVD player at home?
Yeah, I do.
Well, thank God for that.
Because how else could you enjoy that beautiful Samsung TV?
You know, I got to admit this.
Last night I'm channel surfing and I went to the high definition area, you know, the channel.
And it was a college basketball game.
I guess it was Oklahoma and Oklahoma State.
Yeah.
I have no interest in either of those teams.
I could care less.
I did.
Oklahoma State with the point.
But the picture on HD with the quality is so sensational.
Yeah.
That you have to watch at least a couple of minutes just to sit there and say.
It's so good.
It made me want to gamble on the game.
Haha.
Haha.
Haha.
In fact, probably the picture is so clear that when you have an event on you, you can reach right
in there and block a couple of shots.
It's an ignorant way.
Oh, man, it's incredible.
And the good news is that pretty soon everything's going to be HD.
That's going to be, I don't know why it isn't already.
They got the technology.
Just get with it.
It was it already.
It's terrific watching sports on it.
Football is great to watch on.
Yes.
Absolutely.
And hockey too.
I know you're not a fan, but boy, it's something else.
Yeah.
Except the Olympics.
I was on HD.
It was crap.
I didn't watch that.
Watch one game.
Did you?
Did you actually watch the game?
Yeah.
Who was that?
It was not the US.
I watched the Finland and...
Who would they play in that Russia?
No, that was the...
Yeah, Finland and Russia.
I watched the Finland and Russia.
And...
Yeah.
That's all it was.
But it's a great picture.
It is.
It's a beautiful thing.
Well listen, have a great day.
We've got to get to work in tour that big day tomorrow, March 1.
I don't know what that means.
Bye-bye, water Nazi.
Oh, that was...
That was some of the best news I've heard in a long, long time.
Nice going, Joe.
You go, Joe.
I don't take any wooden nickels.
I feel sorry for him because he works...
We could be having a great radio station if he weren't for...
It was working for such a bunch of mugwamps.
There the Chigarine Woodpile is the Beasley's.
Make no...
Well, you know that.
They're very sad.
I'm just trying to get through the last couple of years here.
You're not supposed to make me want to watch the Louis Vuitton.
Or that answer that kid picking a banjo.
You know, with that one eye in the middle of his forehead.
Yeah.
That's the Beasley's.
Have a great day.
I'll see you money on.
I'll see you.
Don't lose that money back.
There we go. Pick it.
Come on.
It'll heal up while you're doing this.
We'll keep picking the back bone.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I do not respect those that the Beasley Brach has screwed.
It's fast advertisers for agencies.
Tonight, on the Islamic Cartoon Network,
it's Irwapi and Bowwinkle.
Hey, Irwagi!
Watch me pull the rabbit out of my turban.
Bowwinkle, that trick never works.
Just to let my team...
Let's go!
That was no rabbit, Bowwinkle.
That was an insurgent move.
You could get a goody-new turban.
Don't lose that money back.
It's a goody-new turban.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
This week is a great time to buy new balance at Brandeys.
All great men's of women's new balance styles.
10 to 20 bucks off the regular price.
So be sure to get into Brandeys this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandeys Shoes.com.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
For Rogers, guys.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
I'm going to get the post-guest and collars.
That's it.
Excellent.
That's what he's going to hear.
I will put the thing in the cradle.
The hand that rocks the cradle.
Here's this fact from Herb in Coral Springs.
I'm sure he's not listening now because I'm sure that Howard is still a...
...and serious.
Anything else, Robin?
Anything else, Robin?
Any more boobies, Robin?
I don't want to pick on Howard.
I'm just...
I'm so sick and tired of the groupies.
I'm just not...
The radio groupies nausea.
I mean, always have.
It's a long fact.
He says congratulations on 30 years.
I'm tired, man.
In fact, the...
The...
The faxes and the...
The trivutes are just pouring in from...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...
Oh, man.
What a place.
He says, I've been with you since 1987 when he was W-I-N-Z.
I remember the station's jingles and the CBS News at the top of the hour.
I don't remember any W-I-N-Z jingles when you're covered right down there.
Do we have jingles at INZ?
I don't remember any.
I don't know.
We had them in I-O-D, right?
Right?
Did we?
I don't know if the love was with all due respect.
I don't think we had no jingles.
We had jingles at Zeta, but we had jingles at INZ.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that statement.
Oh, me too.
Anyway, Herb says, I really feel guilty now that you fall into my second choice
with regards to hearing your show live.
Now, this is a guy who starts out by going out about what a big fan he is
and he's been listening for all the whole 87, it's 19 years.
I've had serious for over two years, but with a crisp clean signal
and the topic content of Howard, I find myself sticking with this programming
and a rap show that follows at 11 a.m.
The rap show.
Oh, no.
Maybe they got a big name, rappers.
As further punishment, I sometimes flip over to the West Coast for you to catch anything
I might have missed three hours earlier.
I know I'm not alone because my brother who's the cop in Delray also falls into the same show.
I find myself downloading your show and listening to it on Delray.
Again, I want to let you know I feel real guilt on my part knowing that your listeners
should have had to be taking a hit because of the Howard's serious situation.
Now, I guess since he's been around so long, he must have his Alzheimer's kick in
because everyone Howard was on big like on an over-the-air station.
That's just unserious, which is neurocasting, which very few people have it.
Everyone was on big, and he was also staying on till about 10, 45, some days 11 o'clock.
Every rating book we kicked the crap out of between 10, remember that?
Yep.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Because I guess I'm supposed to be real concerned and nervous according to my good close friend, Herb.
Who leads his phone number, but I'd love to speak with me anytime.
No thanks, Herb.
Maybe he can explain to you why, you know.
Why what?
Why he likes Howard better than me.
He doesn't want to miss a word, don't you understand?
Even sometimes he slips over to the West Coast to be the catch-a-team
he might have missed three hours before.
He's not a fan or a groupie, he's obsessed.
I see.
Well, you never know what Howard's going to say something.
I only wish that you and Serious could come to some arrangement so you can get on.
He says you and George would be great on satellite.
There should be no reason why you couldn't continue on QA.
I'm going to do a little something on Serious outside of the tent at 2 p.m. I was...
No, thank you.
Four hours a day of this crap is more than enough for me.
Howard is still desperate for programming.
No kidding, Herb.
For some reason, Forrest and Danny Dunneb-Ducci.
See, I've got to be careful while I say that.
Danny Dunneb-Ducci have not yet signed.
Oh, and that's another great teller he's got on there.
I forgot about that.
Great.
Danny Dunneb-Ducci from the Partridge family who was in a closet all the time with John
Revolta and Tom Cruise.
How do you like that?
How about our Kelly didn't get him.
So he's got all these...
He says, no one is talking about it.
I know Howard knows about you and I can only speculate.
There must be some bad blood between you.
I only hope that someday we can hear you on Serious whether it is with or without Howard.
You deserve to do a little time on free speech radio before you retire.
It's got nothing to do with bad blood.
What it's got to do with is I have a contract here for three more years and they don't have
anybody that's under contract anywhere else.
Because they don't want to buy anybody's contract out there to cheap.
Howard wants all the money for himself.
Don't you understand?
That's why there isn't anybody on there.
Oh, for me!
That's it!
So the only people they put on are people like Bob at a Love Spongebob who can't get back on
Trerestrial Radio and for Raul and people who have gotten fired every year they've ever
been, including Danny Dunneb-Ducci.
Regardless Herb says I'll continue to listen to you via downloads unless Howard is in rerun.
Oh, in other words, when Howard's in rerun then we get to hear Herb get serious live.
Oh, I can't wait for Howard to be in rerun.
There's nothing like live programming you pioneered that concept by letting George do his thing.
Thanks again for my years of great radio Herb and Carl Springs and he's got his phone number.
Would love to speak with you anytime Herb?
No.
No chance.
I don't know why I'm talking to him like he would be listening.
There's no chance he didn't listen to me listen to this now.
You know, you're here as a brother that I do.
No, no, no, no, no chance.
That's herb.
None.
So I'm very sorry that I've let you down after all these years.
This is exactly what you're saying.
See, there's no surprises in South Florida.
You get exactly what you expect.
Nothing.
Right.
No, you get something but it's always a sour.
You know, remember the, because I don't know about you but I like to hot and sour soup or sweet and sour soup.
Yeah, I don't tie your chain.
I like that a lot and I like that.
But here in South Florida you want to get the sour part.
No sweet, no hot, just the sour.
Like the sour, the sour.
Like the sour, the sour.
Yeah, it's sour.
That's right.
Wow.
So thanks a lot Herb and I'm tearing your message in a little pieces now along with your phone number.
Thank you so much.
Here's the poor result.
I guess we're going to do the break first.
Because I got a couple of other facts.
The facts are just pouring in, man.
This is a emotional Roger.
I'm soaked up by the beast.
This 5.60 Q.A.M.
Tonight on the Islamic cartoon number.
It's Pakistan.
I do.
What do you do?
Don't you eat me.
I do.
I'm going to pick you up.
I mean, I'm going to just go out and get a lemon cream.
Well, take the train.
You won't carpool.
You see a Hummer.
You start to drool.
You won't walk for 20 feet.
You'd rather take your issue.
You can't drive.
You can't hate her without crude urine.
You need it for your plastics with draw symptoms.
Make you sick.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You like to think there's lots more under the saw.
Oh, yeah.
That's what you think.
I think the truth though.
Close your teeth and treat to say your total is small.
You know, you're going to have to face it.
You're addicted to all.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to all.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to all.
Come on, Laura.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to your dance with them girl.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to all.
Yeah, that's well.
10.33.27 before we are.
Let's see.
We got bowl again today between two and four in a spot where Mo used to be.
We ain't no Mo and we got the revolving dough.
Mad dog four to seven.
Panther, preview of seven.
We just had the promo on that.
So you should know that by now.
Panthers at the lightning at seven thirty.
Could be a pretty.
Well, I don't know what it's going to be.
We'll see.
And then any care for the hockey game.
Pull from yesterday.
What is the oddest name in sports today?
They hated this pool like poison.
We had 1540 votes.
Dick Trickle four 12.
I hate this pool 240.
I hate sports 143.
Copo Chris 129.
Peekaboo Street 92.
Dick Pound 83.
Dick Buckis 44.
Dick Pohl 42.
Dakota Fag 35.
You're fairy.
Placicle Burris 25.
Shaq had 25.
Kevin Pitsnoggle 23.
I don't know why I need the Josh's help on this.
I don't know why you can do it.
I don't know why I have only a.
There you go.
Twenty right.
Crap on the crap.
A crap Fonzothorpe 18.
Debrischa Ferguson 17.
Ron Tugout 17.
Yang Yang 17.
Mike Shesewski 15.
Dimbo Couls 15.
Apollo All-No 14.
JJ Puts and Yasser Arafat Sati had 10 apiece.
George Shorthoes had nine.
Bob Greasy nine.
X-ray hip had eight.
Mickey Kluts 7.
Miro Shetan 7.
Randall Gay had six.
Yes.
Londonian Tomlinson 6.
Cheryl Pounder 6.
Another sister that little pint-sized quarter pounder.
Tavaki Jones 5.
Lake Speed 5.
David Seaman 3.
Lance Pitle 3.
Radik Bonk 3.
Johannes Herbert had only two.
I just don't understand it.
Don't you think it's kind of unusual name Herbert?
Yeah.
They don't get it.
D.A. points to Ontario Smith to Papi Salo 2.
Tobias Angeror 2.
Rocco Mediade 1.
Steve Bowling 1.
J. Baller 1.
Jeff Ball 1.
Sean Crooks 1.
Joey Cheek 1.
And none for Stefan Yell.
Carl Dijkhaus.
That's because they're hockey players.
And even though they names are on list, they have no idea how they're pronounced.
So, to KO Spikes, Joey Godspeed and Jeff Payne had the big-
Oh!
So that was yesterday.
Today we don't have much.
Well, I'm saving the one about me for tomorrow.
People in Soundflow to R, I think it's a very important poll.
It's a, extremely, 403 votes.
Root and hostile 121.
We did this one quite a while ago, about three years.
Right.
And the Root and hostile one handled it.
And another probably Root and more hostile than ever.
That's what I voted.
Dummies Dirt 80, that was my vote.
Just a little bit like that.
Like her, been Carl Springs.
I, you know, I still, I read it and I've read it twice now.
Once off the end, then on the end, I still can't get over the Swiss putt.
If somebody would have the semi like, oh, gee, how are you going to continue?
I mean, however, like I said before, he's been on the air for a long, long time.
And going on till 10, 30, 10, 45, 11 o'clock, the post game showed.
And on and on and on.
And somehow we still survive here.
I don't know.
Mostly, okay, 85, the people in software.
They're like, 65, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Okay, not great.
Come see, come saw.
I hate this poll 29, of course.
Friendly six and geeks too.
Now, Georgia is playing me for the show since I'm an old fart.
Uh, that the word geek is, um, it's more.
Yeah.
Yeah, different meaning now.
Right.
As in computer geeks, like nerds, it, it means the nerds used to be.
Well, as opposed to geek like, uh, like Robert Creeper, for example, like,
I was thinking of a geek or a bookers.
Yeah, yeah, a girl brought you out with the eye.
Like that.
But you know, like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, this is any bag.
There's a real guy.
Yeah.
But of course, luckily there are so few of those in South Florida.
Uh, MacLeod star did not want to just have an appearance somewhere.
Fast probe, yeah.
Last time.
And how did that come out?
Fine, all the geeks were there.
They were all there.
Sure, they got, well, they got with the eye showed up.
They got with the eye showed up.
The Gilbert did not, though.
All right.
That's because it's your appearance.
He knows you hate him like poison.
That's right.
I have a Gilbert stick just because they want it.
Anyway, yesterday we had this just before the end of the show.
They're dying in threes.
Isn't that the way they always say it in threes or in, they say threes.
Yeah.
Through all threes, threes company, whoever they are.
Darren McGavin died and Don Nott's over the weekend.
And now we got Dennis Weaver, the slow-witted deputy chester good in the TV classic Western Gunsmoke.
And the New Mexico deputy solving New York crime in MacLeod has died at 81.
We were died of complications from cancer Friday at his home in Ridgeway in Southwestern Colorado.
He was a struggling actor in Hollywood in 55, earning 60 bucks a week delivering flowers when he was offered 300 a week for a role in new CBS TV series Gunsmoke.
By the end of nine years with Gunsmoke, he was earning nine grand a week, nine thousand a week.
When we were first auditioned for the series, he found the character of Chester Inane.
He wrote in his 2001 autobiography, All the Worlds of Stage, that he said to himself,
with all my actor, studio, and training, I'll correct this character by using my own experiences and drawing for myself.
That's what he said.
The result was a well-rounded character that appealed audiences, especially with his drawing, Mr. Dillon.
I don't ever watch that show, really, so I don't remember.
Gunsmoke, I mean, I knew it was on.
I'd say it on the TV channel.
Yeah, Festus.
In fact, I would have thought Dennis Weaver was Festus. Who was Festus?
Some... some heck, I'll have to look at it.
Look, Google it, man. Do it, it'll go.
Weaver Gunsmoke.
At the end of seven hit seasons, Weaver sought other horizons.
He announced his departure, but the failures of pilots for his own series,
because then we returned to Gunsmoke on a limited basis for two more years.
The role brought him an Emmy in the 5859 season.
In 6060, he starred with a 600-pound black bear in general band about a family that dops a bear as a pet.
The series was well received, but after two seasons, Ken Curtis.
Who was it?
Ken Curtis.
I don't know who that is.
The CBS decided to need a more adult entertainment canceled general band.
Festus Hagen.
No.
I wonder who's Hagen.
I don't know who's Hagen.
Maybe it could help.
You're out, Tom.
Next came the character Sam McCloud,
which we were called the most satisfying role of his career.
McCloud's series is 70 to 77 thing.
Jack's supposed to know nonsense.
The lawman from Taoist New Mexico,
onto the crime written streets in New York.
His wild west tax, as such, is writing his horse to Manhattan traffic.
Grovel, Poli, is crazy, but he always saw the case.
He appeared in several movies, including Touch of Evil.
Ten Wounded Men.
Gentle Giant.
Or is that Gentile Giant?
Seven Angry Men.
Dragnet.
Way way out in the bridges of Tocorre.
Doesn't this biosay anything about...
Dool?
Oh my god.
I'm looking through this.
It hasn't even mentioned Doolin' here.
The appearance of the streetcar named the Zara opposite Shelley Winters.
To her and come back a little shiba with Shirley Booth.
Oh, here it is.
It's just fine man, it had to be.
He appeared in dozens of TV movies.
Oh, that's right, it was a TV movie.
The most notable being the 71 Dool.
It was a bravura performance for both
Flexing Director Stephen Spielberg.
Remember I told you that the other day,
I finally got something right in Weaver,
who played a driver minus by a large truck that followed him down a mountain road.
That's a great movie.
His other TV series were Kentucky Jones,
Tabucky Jones, Amelpoit, NAS Stone, and Buck James.
There you go.
Dennis Weaver, it's a dime-like flies, man.
Because the Lord works in mysterious ways.
When it's your time, the Lord reaches down,
Tabucky on the shoulders, says,
Your time, come on up and sit around and near my throne.
And enjoy the aroma.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Neil?
God, I should have under.
I miscut the poor of flying bird.
That is not an admission of guilt, mind you.
I shall die under.
In for 24 hours, I didn't say word.
Is he scuder living in all of my press releases?
But death is a different story.
I try to keep this thing all a hush-hush.
Now, everyone's aware of it with the exception of present bush.
They say my ending license wasn't a good date.
And my aim isn't all that great.
I was never in the army, so as a result,
I was never trained to shoot with that straight.
So I say,
This is a catchy tune, or does it seem going to come in so?
Scooter would know, I shall die under.
But the CIA reported it to time, he wasn't back to poof.
And if the CIA says it, it's going to predict you.
I shall die under.
But that in no way indicates that our intelligence is failed.
I have referred to thinking of a disjointed.
The man's face was liberated from the impressive regime of his school.
And America is safe every because of it.
That is all, dismissed.
Bye-bye, see ya, Dick.
10.45 a WDQM.
Here's the facts from PR Ralph.
You're a good friend.
My close close co-personal part of the world.
I'm glad you're here in the past 18 years since I came down from New York City.
You're a breath of fresh air and say how it is.
You've read a fresh air.
And me, you'll be on here another 30 years.
You can have your masculine child.
And I'll always listen, thanks for the entertainment.
It's the best for the price.
That's right, even at twice the price, it's still well worth it.
Thank you for your wrapping up.
And say anything about Howard or how he listens to Steve Seleucin into the juice or everything else.
Yeah.
Unlike my good close friend, Herb, who thinks I'm going to give him a call so I can like bond.
Here's one from Kenny, somebody, Ken Loots.
Maybe Ken is from Loots.
Congratulations on 30 years, I guess, question mark.
Okay?
Just a quick note on the state of my two hockey teams.
Team Canada's suck to automate belief suck.
Both teams coached by Mr. Quinn.
Coincidence, I think not.
First Mr. Quinn didn't pick the players for Team Canada.
Or quite frankly, for the Leaf Sea, but nevertheless, have a good day.
Ken from the hometown of Phil and Tony Esposito, Ron Francis.
And where the Beezer lives now.
I don't know where he's talking about, but if...
If the Beezer lives there now, I'm sure there's a lot of nice white people there.
The Beezer.
It's a little racial problem.
Anyway, David, the fact is, and says, boy, bad penmanship, David, holy.
Did you see this one from yesterday?
What?
The facts.
What about it?
I grew up in, I said, bad penmanship.
Oh.
I grew up in Boston, listening to Larry Glick, Jerry Williams, and many others.
Probably Carl D'Souwes, and probably Jefferson K and Dave Maynard, and Jay Dunn.
And Arnie Wu-Woo Ginsburg.
But anyway, move to your 92 and found you right away.
You've been making my day ever since.
So on your 30th anniversary, I just have to write and say thanks to you.
The best of all of them.
I hope you don't retire anytime soon.
Well, thanks a lot, David, and prove your penmanship, but thank you very much.
Yeah, that was those were the days, man.
Boston radio was great.
It was.
Long time ago.
And then what happened?
Well, I'll just like radio turned into a way out.
Oh, yeah.
Radio like when you were a style.
When other radio used to be great down here, too.
Well, I don't remember that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
The phone calls are just pouring in the telegrams, the.
The.
Facts of congratulations.
And just like I said, when you work in South Florida, expect nothing.
Right.
And they'll never let you down.
They will never ever disappoint that.
That card that I said yesterday, the one that I'm sure you were just reading from right now,
there was a quail on the front of it.
But I didn't fax you that picture.
A quail?
A quail.
I don't know if I've met anything but this.
Yeah.
It's probably supposed to be cutesy.
Here's Cliff who says, I've listened to Howard.
I like him, but I would rather listen to you for the number one.
The callers and your reaction and number two, you attack religion and government.
Number three, the South Florida connection we are, you have.
So thanks for making that you turn.
Well, I don't know what that means.
I was born around the time you came out of the closet.
Keep it up, crack a three years, Cliff says.
Do you understand any of this?
It's like in coherent three years.
What?
Well, it was a three year.
Cliff said you made gun, isn't he?
Oh, Cliff is a Jamaican.
Oh, it's your ain't Cliff the Poolman.
I know how.
I thought it was.
You thought this is Cliff the Poolman?
Get out of here.
No one's Cliff.
No, that's thanks Cliff.
Okay, thanks Cliff.
What Annie said, he ran the list.
Look, I'm not one of those people that worries about what other people are listening to.
If you like Howard, if you like a standing patient, whatever you like.
Listen to old Bill Smith tapes.
I don't care what, have a good time.
I don't worry about such nonsense.
I never have.
That's why I never been paranoid about talking about other radio stations or other people on here.
Who cares?
Who gives a crap as long as I get paid twice a month, close to on time.
That's all I care about.
And that's the freaking truth.
By the way, week from Friday's Payday clearance.
And clearance.
See you next time.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Good.
Just wanted to call what you and I have been listening to you on many different stations over the course of many years.
And I appreciate all the laughs and the thought for conversations.
And just one shameless request if you would is that we can get in eyes or skidded.
Just make me wipe my pants.
It really does.
Well, do now listen.
I'll get it whipped up for you.
Alrighty.
Thanks, Bounty.
Thank you.
See you then, say anything about who likes to listen to old tapes of Craig Worthing or whatever.
I want to tell you something.
Please just answer.
Or the old Davy Gravy line tapes at your service from KAT.
Those of you special.
Or the old Shirley Spellerberg Air Shinder Show.
See, I'd rather watch your Ershindler on TV than Schindler's List.
I know I'm not going to watch it.
Oh, what?
I don't remember how much I paid for it, but I have anybody want to copy a Schindler's List.
Yeah, I got another one.
It's a keeper, actually.
Oh, you want it, sure?
Oh, I'll send it here.
You want one of these days.
Very good.
And the right mood.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Sure, let's have some other adjectives out here for self-verettings.
People in self-voter are only got like six choices on there.
It's not, not to end.
And one of them is I hate this poll.
So I'm sure they're probably other ones.
I'm probably just too cynical.
That's all I've been, where was there too long?
And I tell people that I was there too long and I grew to hate it like poison.
I think people feel that way about a lot of places like New York or wherever.
Or South Florida.
That's what I just said.
Yeah, I know.
Or Detroit or South Florida.
There comes...
Somebody QAM, hello?
I'm South Florida.
I don't think I'm like...
QAM.
He's on there.
Line one.
It's actually working and they couldn't get it out.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations, 30 years.
I know tomorrow's going to be too hecked to see it is.
So I wanted to give you an early congratulations.
Stop turning, man.
Yeah, it's going to be really good.
My father actually checked this out.
My father used to listen to your dating show.
And then I started listening to you on the day-to-day.
The beginning of the day-to-day.
Right.
You had me at the captive audience back then.
So congratulations, Neil.
Thanks a lot and take care, everybody.
Thanks, Pally.
All right.
Hey, like that.
No complaints?
There may be some of them on their best behavior these next few days.
Now, you're a lot of them don't mean it, but that's okay.
No, that would be good.
Like, seriously, it's not that I'm ungrateful that people
have supported the show all these years,
because otherwise it had been long gone.
Right.
It's the silent crowd, the non-callers, the passive people.
A little bit too passive, if you ask me.
But nevertheless, they've been very supportive and that's great.
And I appreciate it.
As somebody I know would say.
Appreciate it.
Lobo used to say that.
No, he didn't say that.
Who was it said that?
I appreciate it.
I don't know.
Somebody said it.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, congratulations, our condolences, whichever.
I'm both.
I finally figured it out.
You do all of our venting, and you make our life a little easier.
After all these years, you vent for us.
Yeah, that's why I have high blood pressure,
because I have to, you know, get all with the benefit of
the only passive people down there.
Well, all of the chelians of your listeners,
we do really appreciate you.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pali.
You're welcome.
See you.
Put that tongue away.
Man.
Oh, that was emotional.
I should have teared.
I'd not really.
I want to hear from somebody who was conceived as a result of that
dating show you used to do.
Oh, I don't think that's going to happen.
When would that have been?
That would have been around 80's, I would say.
Early 80's.
Okay.
Yeah, early 80's, maybe 82 or 83.
So that's possible.
Right.
Somebody like 24 or 25.
It could have been conceived.
You might be here now, because I did that dating in my life.
Right.
I'm WNWS.
They would owe you their life.
Oh, my God.
Was that show Ponderous?
And then we made the mistake.
I don't know if you even...
I've told you about it.
The picnics that we had.
And believe me, they were no picnic.
So people would actually come and meet and greet and lay eyes on the other grotesque.
I mean, beautiful people.
And then you'll never get...
In fact, that was when Bobby Heimann and then there were some other...
I see, I really pushed a lot of people off of that thing.
Because there were these dating services where they would make money from it.
It was a business.
And I cut into their business because people didn't have to spend any money on this.
It was just a free service on a show.
And people would call in and give out their phone number, which nowadays I don't think they would do.
But...
And nobody got killed, then I know of.
But so the regular commercial dating services got really PO.
So what they would do is every time we'd have a dating picnic,
yeah, is they would infiltrate with some of their own people.
Oh.
And I don't remember it.
Huh?
Brilliant.
Yeah.
No, no.
And guess who they slept to a couple of times they would bring them out.
Gilbert.
No, close.
My, my, my.
Oh, my.
My, my thing.
We would slap him out there.
So just using this kind of like a weapon.
Like if you don't stop doing a dating deal, we're gonna like bring him out to your house.
We're like, oh, yeah.
He would have had a lot of fun hooking him up with all kinds of things.
Yeah.
Yeah, bossy, the word, that's how it would be.
And here's a beautiful woman who's sitting next to you right now.
Right.
And it's Gilbert.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I think it would be a good match.
But at any rate, then so the dating show picnic.
I think that was the beginning of the end of the whole thing.
I dropped there.
I don't remember how long I did that.
Probably too long.
And then of course we had Jay dating on there too.
And that was just.
That was pretty good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palant 5, 60 and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Let's do a dating show.
Oh, there we go.
Next time one of your salespeople gets a brilliant idea about trying to hoard the show.
Let's get one of the dating services to come in.
And we'll have a dating show.
Yeah, that would be good for you for me and Josh.
Yeah, I get a little on the side there.
Josh, I'm sure you can get a little tired of that Russian piece.
We'll get a side dish.
Right.
Always open for new things.
Yeah, I'll bet.
That's what Dov's in.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to say thanks for all the entertainment.
That's it.
Okay, thanks, Palant.
All right, buddy.
Yeah.
Fair short and sweet.
I mean, yeah, just make the effort.
You don't have to have anything really creative.
We can kill today and tomorrow with this crap.
Thanks for the memories.
Of course, Bob Hope is dead.
I don't want me singing that song.
Oh, I will say this much.
I don't want to pat myself on the back too much.
But just spontaneously, I can be funny.
You're in two minutes, and Bob Hope ever wasn't as like.
Oh, please.
We look at the money he made.
You could make fun of your faces.
And be funny.
Not as funny as Rich Little, but never to laugh.
Oh, jeez.
What's up with him?
Oh, man.
It's not talent that counts.
It's timing.
It's like going to the casino.
It's just blind luck timing, sitting down at the right spot
at the right machine at the right time, Mon.
You've got to be at the right machine.
Playing the other day, a couple of machines down.
And this guy is just punching his hand.
He keeps getting spin after spin 25 and 30 and 40 and 20.
And he looks like he's ready to button.
But me, humongous fat guy made me look like Minnie Mouse.
I mean, just a huge guy, 400 pounds easy.
How he didn't break that chair.
I have no idea.
Even a nice enough guy, though.
And finally, boom, $3,000 on a line.
And he turns to me and he says, this was great.
He says, I could feel it coming.
I knew it.
And I didn't want to say anything.
I didn't want to like pee on his parade.
You know, I was happy for him.
But I would rather head of myself.
But he knew it was coming.
I wanted to say, oh, yeah.
How'd you know that?
Let me know how that works.
He could feel, oh, look at that.
I'm watching him birds or them chickens, man.
I think maybe we can get our big party,
located by killer flu chicken tomorrow.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 QA.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hi, sir.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn.
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square.
We're not in the street.
Hey, no, I'm...
Raymond!
Raymond!
Quintet!
Quintet!
Quintet!
Raymond!
Get that blue bird out of here!
Oh, give us.
I, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
42nd Street is incredible.
I don't know what,
I'm probably not supporting that.
But you took on a point away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gala scum like Pants.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me, Buttman.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We've got lucky with Lilo and Stitch.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way.
Hang on a minute.
Three minutes.
Yes, I've got blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Bring yourself up or heaven's sake.
And head off the module, Clayton.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie.
There's 60 years old.
Why don't you just put Steamboat willy on and be done with it?
Please, now I'd make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lilo and Stitch.
Now we have the new M Night Shummer on movie coming out later this summer.
I thought it was signs.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You've got to start swinging some of these titles past me.
Please.
Remus.
Remus.
Get in here, you bull.
I know you can't hear me.
Remus.
You're still running the market, Planner.
You're the mad dog, the mad dog.
Yeah, I hear Remus and take that bulls away from you.
All right.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done.
Sir.
I'm from Hans Sturm in your job.
But sir.
You're terrible.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Remus in there.
I don't like to be present in a Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nutbag.
Oh, speaking of loving, very careful next time we started your Jag.
Remus with Fag.
Clarence.
1102 at 560 WQA and a CBS news poll finds President Bush's approval rating has fallen to an
all-time low of 34%.
Wow, pessimism about the Iraq wars risen to a new high.
Americans are also overwhelming.
We opposed to the Bushback deal giving Dubai owned a company operating control over the
six major U.S. ports, including Miami.
Seven and ten Americans, including 58% of Republicans say they're opposed to the agreement.
Sound like 70% to me.
Seven and ten.
Yeah.
CBS news, senior White House correspondent Jim Axelrod.
Now reports it turns out the Coast Guard had concerns about the ports deal.
We got that story later on.
What I'm doing now.
Also, Chinese approval rating is down to 18%.
Down from 23% in January, only 18% of the public say they have a favorable view of your vice president.
Americans were evenly split on whether or not Chinese explanation, whether it was the layman,
or the point of the accident, was satisfactory.
The point of the booze was as good as they claimed it was.
Oh, speaking of Dick, vice president, this is according to insight, which is the right way magazine,
and sometimes the right and sometimes the not.
Vice president Dick Cheney's expected to retire with him a year.
Senior GOP sources envision retirement Mr. Cheney in 2007, months after the congressional elections.
The sources say Mr. Cheney would be persuaded to step down as he becomes an increasing political liability to President Bush.
The sources have reported a growing riff between the president and the vice president as well as their staffs.
They said that Mr. Cheney's faded immediately,
tell the president of the incidental shooting of the hunting colleague earlier this month.
What has been learned the incident till 18 hours later?
Mr. Cheney's next crisis could take place by the end of the year.
The sources said the White House was expecting to defend himself against charges from his former chief of staff, Louis Scooter Libby,
that the vice president ordered him to relay classified information.
Such a charge could lead to a congressional investigation, even impeachment proceedings.
Nothing will happen until after the congressional elections of GOP source said,
and after that there will be significant changes in administration.
Cheney probably will be part of that.
How do you like that?
Already, Sen. expects special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald to investigate whether Mr. Cheney authorized Mr. Libby to divulge classified materials.
And on a course, will that be something?
See, people say they didn't want Bush to get in peace because then Cheney would be present again.
That would be nothing different than what it is now.
But in this case, if Cheney resigned, it would really be bad
because then Bush would become president.
Oh, that's cute.
Now, I'm cute, but true.
Yes, and very dangerous.
5667056, you know, talk about Crooks.
There you go. There's Sylvia Burlusconi from Italy, man.
I'm real crook.
The world's biggest perhaps.
And there is Bush in right next to him with a dumb stupid look on his face.
Like, when do we eat the Ravios?
You know?
Look at that.
Burlusconi and Bush, the BB brothers.
Doesn't be a BB-mechan mushrooms, I think.
Oh, what is it, good?
I think the world in butter.
Yeah.
Yeah, they got like butter in the can.
You ever have butter in the can?
Sure.
Just to explain to me something about that.
People in South Florida are we have 496 votes.
How much have I refreshed?
We got like 500.
Not going to make any difference.
497.
Root in hostile 272.
Dumb is dirt 97.
Mostly OK, 86.
I hate this poll 34.
Friendly 6.
I haven't met them yet.
And Geeks 2.
Out of 497.
Just amazing.
And people would say, well, that's because it's your crowd, Neil.
They're just doing that to suck up to you.
Sure they are.
Yeah.
Even our friend Carolyn, remember the attorney Carolyn?
Oh, no.
Her faxus.
fax in the estate.
She's moving to Pittsburgh.
I got news for her, man.
It's got to be pretty bad when you move to Pittsburgh.
That should tell you all you need to know.
Oh, Josh, his favorite line line is ringing.
QAM, hello.
Neil, guys.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I sent George an email last night.
I don't know if he forwarded it on to you about the...
Have you ever seen a documentary called 9-11 Luce Change?
No.
One of the best I have ever seen.
This thing, it exposes all the...
Yeah.
It's a great documentary.
I sent the link to George.
He can forward it on to you.
OK.
And I had a question for you.
The top 30 man that you're always playing.
Turn him in, man.
Yeah.
What is that from?
Oh, jeez.
Was that a caller or was that from...
No, I'll play the bit after the next break.
We'll play the bit.
It's puffed in and reaches.
You never heard that bit?
It's going to be on the anniversary scene for those.
I'll play in a minute.
Just don't get surly with this guy.
You're a bit surly.
No, the way you said it is.
Surly.
Like in a patient.
Yeah.
That's so...
You see what a bastard this guy's turning into?
It's not becoming a clearance.
It's often...
For the whole...
For the whole experience lately.
I'd stay away from him if I were you.
Yeah, for the whole?
Yeah.
South Floridians are the best.
Oh, OK.
That's going to get a lot of votes.
Thanks, Pally.
Later.
See ya.
It's on the disc that's coming out.
Just be patient.
You'll get a...
I'm saying because everybody asks about it.
Hostile.
And there you go.
There's a reason to buy it.
Wow.
I can understand why though, because you're there.
Yeah.
And it sucks.
Lots of issues.
It really does suck.
The best.
South Floridians are the best.
That ought to be a real hoot.
And of course, say you can vote for yourself.
Like I am the best.
I am the greatest.
It'll make you feel pretty good, even if you're a bastard.
Let's see.
Here's a dentist who sends me a fax.
He says, do you know what it corrects?
But you're under 30.
Fuck 30, man.
And the person my name is, Marvin.
He's got his last name.
I don't use people's last names on here.
I've met you a few 10-year-old remember my son, Sean.
Oh, who unfortunately has been extremely ill the past few years.
A severe, ulcerative colitis leading to removal of his colon
and many, many hospital stays in operations with the goal of attempting to make a new colon
out of a small intestine.
Jesus.
He's an editor at the Marco Island Eagle.
And he's got his email here.
I've listened to you for 27 years.
There are a few people who have admired respect as much as you.
You've entertained and formed for 30 years.
My entire family has appreciated you and your town for all these past years.
Very, stay well, very healthy and again, congratulations.
Very chewy years, Marvin.
He's got his last name.
Well, give my best to Sean, Marvin.
That's a grotesque news.
Man.
Just like that fact I had to lay about, Fern Friedman just died.
Not just a couple of years ago.
I was like here in the Bill Caulder's wife died several years ago.
I mean, what is this all about?
You know, so my mother always used to say, what's it all about?
Alfie.
What is it all about?
I don't know.
It's about getting paid and then dying, I guess.
That's it.
Getting paid and on time and then dying.
Jonathan Plantation says, congratulations on 30 years in the business.
Don't go into business while you punch over there at Piper High and all the other year at
VUM.
Well, they're not in the business.
Just forget about this business.
It blows.
It sucks.
It's a killer.
Especially when you've got a guy who's been listening since 87, it sends you a fax.
He goes out of his way to send you this long, emotional fax and tells you he listens to Howard
every day and the post game show and a pre game show.
And then the West Coast feed and the Takamoon feed and the out of this world feed.
Man.
And thank you so much for making my morning and afternoon heck of a lot more pleasant.
Every little bit helps when you live in a toilet.
So that's right, you're living in a toilet.
I can almost hear that.
I'm getting feeling flush just thinking about it.
And above all, thanks to opening my eyes to the hypocritical religious bastards and
political landscape in this country, helping me to give it down.
Here's another 30 years to Jonathan and Plantation.
539 votes on the poll.
The best of far is God.
I just went on there.
You know, give me some time.
People in South Florida really are the best, aren't they?
Come on.
Yeah, I thought we'd have to do it.
You folks are the best God.
You are like responsive and you're like a dynamic and you're like activist and you like
really care about the things that count a lot like the dolphins and stuff like that.
Important stuff like sports thought, for example.
And then they're still, they're still Hock and Marty Grond.
See it in.
This is 24 or seven coverage man.
Marty Grond.
This is the new diversion.
It's the new security blanket that they're hiding under.
All this other corruption and crack going on and they're Hock and Marty Grond.
I mean, I don't know if that I'd be grudging New Orleans, but what the hell is this going to do to put these people
lives back together again?
So it brings a lot of money into the people who are in business there.
What are they going to do with it?
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe since Tom also Brian where he belongs and I'll rest space on the space show.
What a jackass.
And they all got their outfits on and they hold you and they're celebrating the heavy day.
That's America for you man.
Have it a big party.
People are all those people that are dead.
Are they rebuilding the Levy's?
No, not the Levy's.
How about the George Morton Levy?
You ever see that as Stan Berksley would say you have to be Jewish to enjoy the Levy?
That was right at Purim time too.
That's when he and Spencer Ross reading Homan Tosh now racing from Roosevelt.
WDQAM, hello.
K-O-A-M.
You know God.
Yes sir.
You know what?
New Orleans is the worst place.
It's almost as bushly as here.
Could be the two worst towns in the whole U.S.
And it's a lot healthier than they're all treated at.
At least South Florida's got the palm trees in the ocean.
New Orleans is a toilet.
Oh my God.
Yeah, you know what?
You're absolutely right about the comedy thing.
It is just so bad that it's all laughing at the characters.
There's no real comedy like Bob Hope is just he's the worst.
Yeah.
You never heard of anything funny in my life anyway.
Maybe before I was born.
That's crap.
And anyway, Neil, thank you so much.
You're irreplaceable.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
And in closing, hey Joyce, she'll want to once they're donkey back.
Okay.
Oh.
I didn't like that movie losing it though.
Right.
I think that's because John Stockwell was in it probably.
Oh, it's speaking of what was I just had something so important I was going to pass along.
And it's probably just as well I forgot it.
Was it about Tom Cruise?
No, it was not about Tom Cruise.
It was much more important than I was really in very poor taste.
12 minutes passed, so I'll work out remembering it during the break.
12 minutes passed the hour.
We got the bow camper coming up at two.
I don't know how Tom buys last name, you know, because it's both important.
So the important thing there, you just go into it.
Yeah, the last bow camper at two, man ditched four.
And then the panther stuff followed by Eddie Kay after the hockey.
That's a panther's against the lighting baby.
And only Yoke and then he's going bye bye and Roberto Rwango, bye bye.
The Alan Coley man, stick to the horses Alan.
This is the party in order.
So this is 5.69 AFR.
He comes the sequel to a film about for big role.
That's even more for big role.
I don't need Jack.
I don't need my wife.
I don't need.
Hello there, Wily.
You're a pretty little fan.
Here are the secrets we cannot hide.
There are species we haven't tried.
It could be like this, just like this.
Always.
Road back mountain to return to the sheet.
I wish I could quit you, lamb shop.
Love it, 16.
What was your name, Sherry Lewis?
Lewis, very good lamb shop.
Anyway, I just remember what I was going to say that I was talking about people trying to be funny who aren't like Bob Hope.
Well, guess what I saw.
I'll give you a clue on what show lines normally 50 dollars.
And I hesitate to say it because it's not politically correct, especially the crowd under the age of 100.
No, John Stewart was on last night.
For the hour would Larry.
Oh, God.
What?
Nothing, Larry.
No, I'm not talking about Larry.
I'm talking about John Stewart.
Yeah.
He was not funny.
I don't imagine that he would be on Larry.
The show is very funny.
The Daily.
Well, he showed some clips.
Actually, they showed more clips from Letterman than they did from Hissio.
Yeah.
I thought it was kind of bizarre.
But he was just, he tried so hard to be funny.
And of course, Larry is about as funny as John Tumer on your back.
And it's just, it was just horrible.
I sat there and I'm, I'm much about 35 minutes and I said to myself, why are you doing this?
Trust me.
The, the Daily Show is funny.
I know that.
I see the clips, but, but he, by himself, is not, I didn't use the mic.
I had the same opinion of him a long time ago.
He tries to force it.
Right.
But anyway.
I'm not talking about that.
It's not that I've forgotten.
And maybe I've forgotten for a good reason.
Don't say that.
Don't be knocking John's door in the Daily Show.
All you're listening is under the end of a hundred watch, then.
He's with the only person on TV saying it like it is.
Yeah.
And don't forget Lou Dobbs.
Oh, well, we've got religion all of a sudden.
All of a sudden, that face.
He got, he got struck by the, uh, a bolt of lightning or something, man.
Lou Dobbs and the entire hour of the gripping bush and ass now,
night after night on a certainly Nazi network, man,
he must be foaming at them out.
How about you, Dana Bash and Wolf Flitzkrieg are planning his assassination as we speak, Lou Dobbs?
When you think?
Sure.
Or at least P and his coffee, although that guy in Ohio probably would enjoy that.
Dana Bash, my ass.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And guess what they're still doing there on CNN?
And I wonder if MSNBC is up to their earlobes in this New Orleans craft.
I mean, this is just outrageous.
Yes, look at that.
Louisiana's recovery, Marty Grott.
The state and the challenges ahead is Louisiana Center Maryline.
By the beat, by the boot, by the bout, don't you look nice?
She's, she's okay.
She looks a little butch to me.
To be honest, do you ever notice that about her?
No, she looks very butch.
Coast Guard had concerns on port deal,
citing broad gaps in US intelligence.
I think that's becoming an Aussie moron, isn't it?
Yeah, US intelligence has been the coast guard cautioned the Bush administration weeks ago
that it could not determine whether a United Arab Emirates-based company seeking a stake in some US port operations
might support terrorist operations.
The disclosure came during a hearing Monday on Dubai-owned DP world's plans to take over significant operations
at Sicily-D-U.S. ports.
The Bush administration said the coast guard's concerns are raised during its review of the deal,
which had approved January 17th, and then all those questions were resolved.
There are many intelligence gaps concerning the potential for DPW or PNO assets to support terrorist operations
that precludes an overall threat assessment of the potential merger the unclassified coast guard intelligence assessment said.
The breadth of the intelligence gaps also infer potential unknown threats against large number of potential vulnerabilities the assessment said.
The coast guard said the concerns reflected in the document all in only were addressed.
In a statement the coast guard said other US intelligence agencies were able to finance you to the questions it raised.
And the parent of that Dubai-based firm at the Center of the Political Storm in the US over purchase of American ports
participates in the Arab boycott against Israeli-Jewish-Land-Post reports.
The firm Dubai-Ports World DPW is seeking control over six major US ports including those we know that.
It's entirely owned by the government of Dubai via a holding company called the PCZC,
Port's Customs and Zoya FreeZone Corporation, which consists of the Dubai-Port Authority,
the Dubai-Custom Department and the Jebel Air Ali FreeZone Area.
I wonder if that's a related Jezebel by Frankie Lane on Columbia Records.
Jezebel, remember that?
No, what you have on your old train.
Remember your old train by Frankie Lane?
No, what you have.
1802?
Yes, of course the boycott is still in place and is still enforced by Hamad Rajid Aideen,
a staff member of the Dubai Customs Department's office for the boycott of Israel told the Post and Telephone interview.
If a product contained even some components that were made in Israel you wanted to import it to Dubai,
it would be a problem he said.
Aideen noted that while the head office for the anti-Israel boycott sits in Damascus,
he and his fellow staff members are paid employees of the Dubai Customs Department,
which is the division of PCZC, the same Dubai government owned and it runs to my port's world.
Moreover, however, the Post found that the website for the device Jebel Ali FreeZone Area,
which is also part of the PCZC, advises and porters that need to comply with the terms of the boycott.
US law, by the way, just mentioned this in passing,
Father paranoia, US law bar firms from complying with such requests are cooperating
with attempts by Arab governments to block out Israel.
Aideen says that his office examines certificates of origin as a means of verifying
whether a product originated in the Jewish state.
So in other words, anything that might have been shipped out of Israel,
even like if a ball bearing was made there, even if like a tiny piece of maca was in there,
they ain't going to ship it.
They're going to Schmidt-Can at no doubt.
How do you like that?
Those are Iranians, men and those Hamas bastards,
they don't recognize our friend Israel.
They're evil doers.
They're part of the axis of evil.
But now the UAE people, which is up to their earlobes in bed and business with Neil Bush and Papa Bush and W. Bush,
and every day and mother Bush, well, that's a different story.
We don't want to piss off the Arab street.
Must be a lot of people peered on the Arab street because grizzly attacks another sectarian violence,
on least by last week's bombing of that Shiite Muslim Shrine,
and it killed more than 1300 Iraqis making the past few,
and don't forget your Vice President, shoot him up, dick.
Is the one that told us months and months and months ago now that the insurgency was waning?
The fire, it's right.
He stuck his head out the window.
Or at least his finger, anyway, I can't say which one.
He stuck his finger out the window.
He discovered it was waning.
The past few days now are the deadliest of the world outside of the US offensive to coin to Baghdad's main morgue.
The tool was more than three times higher than the figure previously reported by the US motor in the news media.
More than 1300, that since Wednesday, by the way.
Hundreds of unclaimed dead bodies lay at the morgue at midday yesterday,
blood-caped men who had been shot, knife, garrited or apparently suffocated by plastic bags stuck over their heads.
Many of the bodies were spalled with their hands still bound,
and many of them had wand up at the morgue after what their family said was their abduction by the mosque army,
that she had militia of cleric Mokta'a al-Sadar.
All right.
They're doing it, baby.
Things are fantastic over there.
Oh, we're fine.
There's another one who died on a stand, Stuart, for what is going on here, man?
What the hell is going on?
You know, they're supposed to be like an orderly progression of things.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
If we had a god, if there was really such a thing as a god, a loving god.
Instead of this wrathful, hateful god, it like has always been,
yeah, he's his wrath, his waxing heart.
Here might be the water Nazi.
Maybe he can resign too.
Okay, I think this god ought to let's step down.
He's not doing too good.
Let's get another god in there to one thing.
There he goes.
There he goes.
Got to be an improvement.
I would be seeing all these people die for all these diseases,
and if any, all these damn creatures, these damn little things that bite and kill
and spiders and snakes and crack.
Remember, that song, spiders and snakes by Jim?
Stafford.
Stafford.
Very, very good.
Well, you're sure, Tony Lee.
Love that song.
He's one of the recent sins.
And boy, there's a multitude of them.
That's what Josh Cordist told me.
And Josh Darrow, and he ate Josh in.
By the way, Clarence, don't ever call him here again.
I will hang up on him if you ever call him here again.
Even if he just calls to say happy anniversary, I would click him.
I don't want to talk to him.
Here it is.
Spiders and snakes.
Jim must stand for me.
Right.
Remember his variety show?
Yeah, I was on for about five minutes.
Five minutes.
That's enough.
Oh, okay.
I wonder if he's came to Arts Stafford, Jr.
U.S. troops in Iraq.
Here's a Zagbi poll.
You think the poll on Bush and Cheney was exciting.
34% for your president, by the way.
A popularity rating that is staggering.
34% and 18% for the real president.
2 to about dick.
LaMoyne College Zagbi poll shows just one in five troops
wants to heed Bush's call and stay as long as they're needed
in Iraq.
58% say the mission is clear.
42% say the U.S. role is hazy.
Remember those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer?
Uh-huh.
That King Cole?
I bet you don't have that.
No, no, no, God, it's him.
Oh, no, I can't believe that.
He'll be a dolly.
Camp of a record, Jim.
I said the dolly when I said that to the movie.
All right.
Jim is listed.
I really wish you would watch it.
You're such an anti-Semite.
I tried it.
It doesn't know what anti-Semite is like eating chicken.
I wish you've been fed chicken all your life.
You don't want more chicken.
And I was a good time to stop eating chicken, by the way.
That's right.
Forget about the fact of the scenario.
It's about a very heroic man that has a great story.
I'll take you very well.
And he deserves to have attention paid to him because we don't have
anybody like that in the world right now.
Oh, I see.
Not even Howard Neal.
No, no.
What Shimmer did was go against the grain even though he lost everything and could have gotten
himself killed for doing what he was doing.
Instead of being enough of his business.
Now before we start conducting those trips to China.
Runs the same time.
Ferv Shinler.
Plurality of our troops believe that Iraqi insurgents are mostly homegrown.
Almost 90% think the worst retaliation for Sodom's rule in 9-11, which of course there was many.
Most don't blame Iraqi public for insurgent attacks.
Majority of troops oppose use of harsh prisoner interrogation and plurality of troops pleased
with their armor and equipment, a plurality, but not a majority.
And overwhelming majority is 72% of American troops serving in Iraq.
I think you should exit the country within the next year.
Nearly one in force.
And the troops should lead immediately.
The new poll conducted in conjunction with the Lamorin Colleges of Center for Peace and Global Studies showed that 29% of the respondents serving in various branches of the armed forces, including the National Guard.
29% said the U.S. should leave Iraqi immediately, while another 22% said they should leave in the next six months.
Another 21% said troops should be out between six and 12 months, while 23% said the citizens stay as long as they're needed.
How do you like that?
72% say out this year, please.
Gacing your own QAM.
We don't have any National Guard then because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, no, no, no, no.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 62 A.M.
Come on.
Absolutely.
This was something for QAM.
Drinking Jenny cream out with his pals and corpus Christi.
But when the caucus got half-blinded by the sun, he shot his buddy Harry.
Now he's got a heartache because of his mistakes, says it was the worst day of his life.
Hell I've been a dead, good shoes again.
He wish he shot quick and wide.
Well, say, think of death's resilience.
It was only three hundred with hell and sand filled his crown.
Hell almost filled his head.
When he's got a gun, you should hide behind trees or your chest to look like him.
For it is twist, she's there is volume three.
Thanks to the baby.
People think about people like John Stewart.
The way that the media, the mass media operates, they're always going to come off looking bad
unless they're in their own venue.
They're on the right.
You're right.
I'm just telling you, because John Stewart went on CNN at that time.
They invited him on.
And he ripped him in ash and said the show sucked and they went off the air shortly thereafter.
He was right with Tucker Carlson.
But he called him half just like a bowzo.
It's like the last time Gord Vidal was on the interview on some show.
It was I was unseen and I think it was on Crossfire.
And they made him look like a daughtering old fool, which he most certainly is not.
And he was telling it exactly like it is, but they don't want to hear that.
They don't want people like John Stewart on here.
They don't want the public being treated to the truth once in a while.
So stick to your own things, John.
And of course he's going to be doing the Oscars this weekend Sunday.
And Larry asked him only about 75 times.
Like you never said about it.
What do you think?
How do you feel?
Oh, Larry, please, please, Larry.
Go eat some humontosh and it's that time of the year.
Thressed in all black, former stripper turned weight loss for older,
and Nicole Smith fought her way through a strong of photographers and autographs seekers today.
See, this is the important stuff.
That's right.
On her way to a Supreme Court showdown, and her baby when her daughter laid her husband's fortune.
Smith didn't say a word.
Didn't sign any autographs.
As she and a lawyer tried to slip into a side door of the court.
They tried to come in the side way.
They wouldn't let her come in the back way.
With millions of dollars on the line, legal issues stemming from an nasty family
fued over the fortune of Smith's late husband, J. Howard Marshall, the second,
turns on whether the state or federal courts have jurisdiction in the matter.
CBS News Correspondent, Wyatt Andrews, has Smith lost her battle in court in Texas
while a federal court says she's owed 88 million.
But the question is, is the federal court have the right to order the money paid out from the estate?
When a state court has already said, no.
Smith, he spoke to him for a diet product company.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
I don't want to talk about her anymore.
Of course, she's talking about dieting.
Oh, my God.
Right.
That, that, um, Jenny Craig thing.
I, I, I, those people, I know, seriously.
I know what you're talking about.
She has become,
cursed the alley has become so, she, she's not even human.
I don't know what the hell she is.
Well, of course, she's a son of a character of herself.
Maybe she's one of the people who landed on those spaceships when the Scientologist came in.
That could be, she's a pod person.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
And of course, always,
when she's shoveling it down,
if you call it,
and she's shoveling the feditchee down her fat push.
And at every spot ends with her in the, in the course, it's not her anyway.
Like, you know, they got a stunt person doing stuff.
And she's shimmying.
She's like shimmying.
Well, I have no idea what that is.
You know, I guess it's supposed to be sexy or, uh, whatever.
She's about as sexy as a watermelon, you know?
Good God.
She is grotesque nauseating.
But nevertheless, it's their money, you know.
Right.
College anyway.
She's shoveling the feditchee in the,
pounds of it.
Cookie dough.
Yeah.
Oh, that's one of my favorites.
All of whom I've talked, I had six ice cream sandwiches yesterday.
They were the small ones though, but,
even if they wouldn't have been the small ones, if they would have just had the bigger ones,
they could probably have four or five of those.
Thanks a lot, Clarence.
See, this man has tried to kill me.
He doesn't, he pretends he doesn't get it.
He gets it, but he pretends he doesn't get it,
because he knows that if anybody will listen to me, uh, he'll be back at the sports desk
or writing stories about UM basketball,
as opposed to pretending to be a program director.
A major market radio station needs a real program director,
even the Humpers said that this morning,
and the Humpers was like his, uh, you know, a mentor.
And a mentor?
A mentor too late to admit your mistakes, why?
Is it the mentor?
And while I'm his tour mentor,
and that's why he's trying to kill me with these psychotic neurotic calls,
and, uh, you know,
get me to go out and eat ice cream sandwiches by the, by the dozen.
They're awfully good though, by the way.
Yeah, I know I like them a lot.
Yeah.
Didn't use to.
I'll take it away.
I used to really like a lot, but you have to like nuke them a little bit.
I haven't had one in years, is the Carvelle flying saucers?
Oh, okay.
Speaking about it as well.
Yeah, do you ever had those?
Yeah, I have.
But chocolate one.
Been a long time.
They're much too, they're always frozen because they don't move in that dryness.
And they sit in there for like,
and then they get freezer burn, you know?
Yeah, they're no cookie pus.
There's anything that's really bad is freezer burn on ice cream.
Oh, anything, but especially ice cream.
Oh, have you ever done that kind of a store?
Yeah.
And you really dying for ice cream, you know?
Like me every five minutes.
And you go and you buy like a pint or a quarter or a half gallon,
whatever the hell it is,
and you bring it home and you open it and you realize that the freezer compartment
in the store,
the electric obviously was off.
And so everything that was in there like thawed and then broke.
Oh, no, and you take off the lid and you see all this monger.
I still eat it though.
Do you?
Do you think I'm going to like have that much wheel powered away
and go back to the store and get a different container?
Yeah, you take it back.
No.
For your money back.
No.
People in South Florida are 500830 votes.
I'm surprised we haven't had more choices for this.
Of course, I'm not taking any calls.
There is that bald-headed torturer John Negropotti,
the butcher of Latin America.
But anyway,
Root and hostile 312.
Dumb is dirt, 115.
Mostly okay, 104.
By the way, is anybody going to send me the herald thing like from the newspaper?
Am I just going to have to-
Oh, like an actual copy-
A physical copy of it?
Do we still have one in there in that room there, Josh?
That's the one.
We'll stick it in the door.
Yeah, we'll stick it.
There are dumb as dirt, 115.
And that's for sure.
Mostly okay, 107.
Come seek them, Shaw.
Neither fish nor foul.
Although a little more foul.
I hate this poll 41.
Friendly 7.
Yeah.
The best two and Geeks two.
Two friendly Geeks.
They showed up at the George's appearance matter, in fact.
Got what he asked?
No, there were more than two.
Two with a fanny bag.
Who are the other Geeks that showed up?
Oh, not by name, I just-
Have you got to check with the hands that-
No, no, no, no.
Just generic Geeks, you know.
Not famous ones.
Wow.
I'm sure, sorry, that I stopped doing those appearances, man.
Yeah, but-
Especially to one guy that always wore the t-shirt that had a puppet sticking out all the time,
or that he used to come to the hockey games.
Wow.
I guess they don't have any mirrors in his house.
I can't wait for the day when I can afford to stop.
People are worried about my wardrobe, man.
Take a look at the mirror yourself, some of you people.
Walk outside the house in public like that.
Good God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Today, it ends 30 years.
See, tomorrow, I guess, is the anniversary.
But somebody pointed out against it was Kevin Backfield.
Thanks again for the nice article, Kevin.
It was pretty damn good.
It was- it was fun.
It was all positive.
It was a nice suck-up job, right?
Right.
Not a hatched job, you'll be like, you've expected here.
Thanks to the photographer later, it took 400 pictures and they used one,
but she was very nice.
And she actually seemed to know who I was, which, you know.
I don't know if that was-
That's the first.
No, that was very good.
20th of June, we got Kim Bo-campered to talk about the important stuff.
We got the-
I know we got-
Oh, man, Thursday, you think it's exciting that we got the-
The panther start-up again tonight.
We got Marlon's exhibitionist baseball Thursday,
in honor of that new stadium that's going to be building down there in Homestead.
You'd go on down there, and of course, John, well, John,
probably see you got out of that thing just in time.
That's what everyone keeps telling me.
Because first of all, they're going to have like a little league team.
That's number one.
And number two, who the hell wants to shut up to Homestead?
Nice to live with.
I got a lot of good drugs down there, John.
That is-
The real Roger is this.
Now, we got a Hinesley off-
See?
I've heard my live in W.A.O.D.
Who sounds like the moron?
Yes and are.
Every time he's seen it.
It's the way God wants it to be.
Who wants to take a city and cover it to sleep?
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
Rayna-
He wants to make a new orlean state world.
If time lost to come together, if time lost to rebuild a new world,
as the one that should be, uptown or way ever they off,
this city will be chocolate a chocolate new world.
He never takes the blame for anything he says.
Chocolate at the end of the day that you're putting some coffee and you're up on for days
Renating
No, I can
Ray made me thirty wants to make do for
Lines case you can't have no all is no other way
And I kind of hire we register by yesterday he has a yearning to watch the chocolate down with you
You're wasting and the reason I played that is not because I was a hoopla about New Orleans again in Katrina and
They just drowning us if you partner to expect in the sea of New Orleans again
But because of the chocolate part
Yeah, leave it to the Dutch to help demonstrate the health benefits of chocolate
See this is so ashenive but I read it only because it's amusing to me a
Study of older man in the Netherlands known for its luscious chocolate
Which is below you?
Since when was the Netherlands zone for its luscious chocolate?
The Swiss Belgium yeah, they said they were I guess
I beg you pardon since they said they were no the Netherlands is not known for its luscious chocolate. It's okay. That's crap
Indicated those who ate the equivalent of a third of a chocolate bar every day had a lower blood pressure and reduced risk of death
So in other words, either third of a candy bar
Well 10 grams yeah, yeah, that would be really good for somebody like me who's addicted to
Sugar is to eat just just have a third of a candy bar. You'll have to be 140
The researchers say hi ever it's too early to conclude it was chocolate that led to better health the men who ate more cocoa products could have shared other qualities that made him healthier
Maybe they would do like a lot of drugs
Experts also point out that even too much chocolate can make you fat a risk for both heart disease and high blood pressure
No, Schmidt. How do you like that?
That's a fine. Wow
Experts also point out see have to be experts and other things like that
You have to be a chocolateologist
It's way too early to make a recommendation about whether people see more cocoa or chocolate said Brian
Buies a nutritional epidemiologist and wagon in wagon get wagging at universities in Netherlands who co-authored the study
It's probably on the payroll or like all the chocolate companies in Europe probably the Nestle's people are like feeding him through a giant tube
Still the Dutch study supported by grants from the Netherlands Prevention Foundation appears to be the largest so far to document a health effect for cocoa beans
It also confirms finding a smaller shorter term studies linked chocolate with lower blood pressure
Research is examined the eating it look at this they collected that after more than a decade a Dutch man ages 65 and older
The exam of the eating habits of 470 healthy men who were not taking blood pressure at pressure medicine
The people await the most products made from cocoa beans including cocoa drinks chocolate bars and chocolate pudding and a lower blood pressure and 50% lower risk of death
50% lower risk of death I'm gonna go out and get 40 pounds of chocolate right during the next break
I'm having some chocolate coffee right now
Coco beans contained flabinols which are thought to increase nitric oxide and the blood improve the function of blood vessels
They improve the function at your junction
This is a very important article providing epidemiological support for while many researchers have been observing an experimental model said
Seize our frag of the University of California Davis who does similar research but wasn't involved in new study
We see noted the many the most cocoa products were not heavier or bigger eaters than the men who wait less cocoa
Busy maybe his name is Don and Darrell bussey from the Chicago harness racing circuit. I'm sure you remember them. Oh, yeah
Kind of like a joe mars junior and a son Ron
Jerry and Jacksonville North Carolina
You see this this is where the facts has come from people out of town people in town
That's a give me their old raspberry
But Jerry and Jacksonville says congratulations on being tenacious enough to endure 30 years
30 man play they yet. I'll play it
Back in the summer of 98 had a drawing on your shoulder with ten to preseason game of the dolphins against Green Bay up in your club seats
My family thoroughly enjoyed this experience and thank you for your generosity. You welcome Jerry
That's Jerry with a G so I can well either way
However six months after that we able to escape from Miami to North Carolina where I come
I just knew every day of work calmly it says thanks for making my work days real by easier Jerry implies of course that being in Jacksonville North Carolina is much more
Serene and I would agree even though I never been there do you know where Jacksonville North Carolina? No, not exactly no
I'll check it out though. I don't think it's near my neck of the woods neck of the woods
Well, maybe Gerald stop by knock on the door someday and bring you look a tenth of a can
Good luck finding the house bring you a little tiny piece of candy bar
Now he's out and spawning and what's his name are they hiding in your house that where Beth has got him locked up?
Well somebody's in there with me because I'm getting awfully expensive. What somebody's got the electricity on up there
So somebody's hiding in my house really yeah, maybe mom has got a boyfriend of you know about
That'd be good. Yeah
for her
Oh, and speak of that I guess before I do these teachers with their sex with the kids stories
Before I do those I'll probably take a couple of calls since this is after all the inner 30 years on the year at South Florida
Who the thought who the thought I would have made it I really had my doubts there for a little while
Yeah, especially after those two trips to Florida, man two trips talking about oh my god eating candy holy moly
My favorite is when the giant size you know those cadbury Easter eggs right. Oh, yeah. Oh boy
I think it is when the giant 20 pound bag comes out
That's my favorite which is kind of like appears magically exactly the chocolate wand Jackson the North Carolina on the coast
So or near the coast oh, I see so probably is no word here
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
What is it cocoa pop?
Coco pop what
Oh, chocolate okay
Why didn't we see it a twin
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
I don't happy. Thanks. Um, what about people in South Florida the worst drivers?
They're what?
Worst drivers worst drivers. Let's see people yeah, okay. I'll let I'll buy that thanks the worst drivers in the world. Yeah, they are got it
Yeah, one of my cameras was pushing me about the drivers here there said boy
I'll tell you kiss the ground you're not in South Florida
Duh for many other reasons as well. You know if it were only that which they're not too fond of
Schmocken heads like you guys in South Florida
What is it like you guys if that's the only thing that you're avoiding by living up there?
You're you're adding 10 years at least I'm sure that I was just I had that conversation with my regular driver the other day
I was saying that's one of the reasons I'm so even though I love my Corvette's man
I just love my love almost as much as Barbara's love to love the Jewish people
But I don't want any part of it. I don't miss driving at all
And especially now that I know most of my regular cab drivers even the Schmocken heads
See you know when you live in a really big city which South Florida has nothing to do with big cities
South Florida's I've told you for a long long time is just a bunch of disconnected bedroom times
One of which has nothing to do with the other and there's nothing big city is about it
Just a bush league backwater place. It's a sprawl. It's not a so much
I'll go on all the way from the keys all the way up to Stewart now as you're flying over you look down
You see almost no break there on intercocial just just building after building in condo after condo
Just you know just a sprawl of disconnected nothingness. That's all
And you live in a really big city and you see you know in fact
They they do say whoever they are the people conduct these studies who are you know scamming somebody
That this is the most multicultural city in the world Toronto. I believe them. It's you know
And yeah, there's some smelly people
Most of them hang out at woodbine
But it's no let me ask you because I don't really know the none
Whatever you want the non French Canadians are do they bathe like Americans bathe or or less?
No, no, no the only people are smelly here are like people from abroad
I say and not all the people from abroad just some that just haven't learned
Well when you wear nothing on your head for like months at a time it tends to get a little gamey under there
Yeah, well, I would imagine the French Canadians are or would be like the French right?
It's the stinko in every in every respect
But the good part of it is we don't have any French Canadians here. I I I don't encounter any of that none
As opposed to like in Montreal where it just in the beginning
I liked it as you recall because they have a fantastic restaurant so nice casino
But boy the people are just obnoxious so you know
I don't want you to feel bad like they're picking on you taking down you personally in South Florida
That's just the way they are the French Canadians so when the frogs come down and invade
Hellendale and Hollywood and Dania
They they can't help it. That's just them. They are just obnoxious and like I told
Who's that talking to Woody Grayberry yesterday about the language thing? Okay, let's put it
Leave me leave me what I tell you the French obsession is so much so much the hatred that exists in the province of Quebec is
Thousand times whatever existence of Florida because of a no-speakening glaze. I mean it's not even close not even close
I
Mean unless you were doing the bilingual thing at one time
I think they finally stopped them from doing that
But they would like put you out of business in Montreal or in Quebec City for her. Yeah, we had a business
Obsessive obnoxious but anyway, it's there and I'm sure like people have lived in the Yorker because this is really and I did live in Detroit
I live in Southfield for two years
Which is just another suburb you know
It's like living in Detroit only from the standpoint that you know you hopped in your car and you got an expressway whatever you wanted
Certainly nobody wanted to go downtown
Yeah, but a real big cities have like like man hadn't in New York or LA's got it downtown. I don't know if I want to go there
I haven't been there in two but too long so I really now for me to comment on L.A. All I know is last time I was there it was like
Going to Vietnam. I was waiting to see Robin Williams
That's the only funny movie he ever made in his life
What good morning Vietnam?
I'm thinking
You need me another movie he was funny. I don't I don't think that was all that funny
No, no, but I'm saying of all the ones he ever made. No, that was all that funny either
You got a big height job on it, right? It was okay. It was somewhat amusing
Never stop right now. Yeah, no, that's same phony act. See he's one of those people who is always on
He's always on what he's interviewed no matter what the movie he's on no matter where that he's always on
Little irritate I'm talking about
Mrs. Doubtfire was cute
That's about it. Oh, he was dressing up in drag and Mrs. Doubtfire. Yeah, that's the one. Oh god
I don't know about any drag anymore. Not in no end
I'm gonna go out and get the tab hunter autobiography. Don't do anything
Just I just he made a couple movies with divine
Yes, yes, he did so how could anybody have known that he was gay?
Yeah, I guess just a lucky wild guess and I think everybody knows that
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q a
Tonight on the Islamic cartoon that word it's bugs are coming
What's up in the down say this doesn't look like to quit
I must have taken a wrong time and asked him a spoon
The mix which would be a little more entertaining than the moon the mix
Boring even the mix can't be funny
Everywhere I go
That's right
Very very special
Should point right in
Now for our next facial molding event the refods will plan to the tingle berry
Look at the market so harder
The best girl is oddly shaped and blunt girl as you know hey you what is your name?
Rita so
How's your doing would you think the tingle berries to the seed?
You don't play with that
I tell you what they boys you're right to stay with him no more ain't it a lot more pleasant
I mean got a nice email from blah blah last it or just now
Yeah, it's responded to thanks a lot blah. Oh they carry yourself a really nice thing congratulate me on 30 years of surviving
And by the way I heard the promo that they were running I don't know I guess it was maybe yesterday
See this isn't 30 years I've been in a business this is right how much they know about anybody including me
30 years in Miami
It is for a 45 46 years yeah
46 years in one of the worst businesses in history and yes
It has been very good to me, but for most man is a long graveyard literally and figuratively of people whose bones are scattered from the
The ashes are scattered all over the place from the history from this business
pathetic
Restress I got two words for you man stress kills course is stress it when you die better multiply times a hundred right stress kills
That's why when you call here again
Clarence you'll hear the dial tone immediately if not sooner
In fact, I'm gonna start a since he thinks I got these great psychic powers
I'm gonna start like using those every time the phone rings
I'm gonna sit here and put my head in my hand like Crescan
You know, oh, I think that's Clarence. I'm not gonna answer that phone
See the one good thing with me. I've got a very generic voicemail here. Mm-hmm. Isn't that my voice on or anything else
So if you left me a message you never really be positive whether I got it or not right
I never leave a message. I always use the generic thing
For any of you by that like whether it's your voice mail at home or the your cell phone or something like that
There's always a generic message if you just do nothing
Yeah, and I always leave it that way for that very same reason. Oh, I see
In a barely audible voice a former rolling green elementary school music teacher yesterday admitted and having sex with a fifth grader in
2003 Carol Flanagan
Rather than risk life behind bars on a capital sexual battery charge Carol Lynn Flanagan 51
Fleaded guilty to the lesser crime of loot and lascivious molestation. Oh
She'll spend five years in prison followed by ten years of sex offender probation
Meaning she'll be a registered stress offender
Flanagan was to give up for teaching license immediately if not sooner
Circuit judge Lucy Chernobyl Brown granted planning in a furlough until March 13 when she says for render
Should she be arrested or fail to show up then brown water that she faces the maximum 15-year sentence
she's getting
How much five years and ten years of probation
Rest in a pink jacket and beige skirt with a house arrest ankle monitor built both of me through pantyhose
Flanagan told the judge she understood what it means to be a registered sex offender to be certain Brown spelled out for
It's an adult that praises upon or sexually exploits a child brown toder gender is irrelevant and seems to be more and more
We're getting more of these which I got that other story about that nasty looking bitch in South Carolina
More and more women doing this stuff. What's that all about?
I don't know where were they when I was young now. Yeah, I see I was just gonna say that I
Was just gonna say that right now because it goes to sure the great double standard that you guys are got if it's a
True male. Mm-hmm. That's a female teacher doing hanky-panky with a male student. All right
You go son. You know makes him a real man. You know, that's great. How come I couldn't get some of that?
Although I'm looking at these two. I don't think you want any of that but nevertheless
But if for example it was a male teacher
I'm sex with your daughter or God forbid with your son. It would be like no questions as okay
Glad you understand right and would they won't be filling the gun with blanks this time either like that
Persian hey don't go well run a crash for people. I'm sorry. I just had it in say crash you just did it
Idiot
It's a seeded in the courtroom during the plea conference was the father of the now 15 year old boy whom the South Lotus on
Central's not identifying because of nature the crime the father is also admitted to having a sexual relationship with flanigan the client comment
See this is the part here. This reminds me the story was in the Hollywood a few years ago. Remember we had that story
How are the whole family was you remember that?
Yes, oh, oh, yeah
Yeah, but it was here was it Hollywood or Pembroke pine something with a pee
Plantate. Yeah, there was something with a pee involved. That's for sure. Right. Yeah, the whole family was a in on it
The father has admitted having a sexual relationship with flanigan, but the father's civil attorney Dan Bacci
Oh speaking a good chocolate from Italy Bacci that thing about Neville and there's known for great chocolates since when since they decided they were
I
Know what they're talking about and I never heard I've only been there about 200 times. I must be missing out
Dan Bacci said the families believe they have the relieved have the criminal case behind them their glad Carol
Flanagan's going to prison botchy said
She was accused of carrying out a 19 month sexual relationship with a boy who was a student at the Boyton Beach School
The boy in the siblings often spent the night at Flanagan's vocal home where marks are the sex to replace
Flanagan gave the boy in his father money
She gave the boy in his father money the boy testified that Flanagan's husband Douglas the pew who was divorcing Flanagan knew about the sexual relationship
Though the Pewa said he had no idea
Last summer the father reached a one and a half million dollars settlement with the Pews insurance carrier a
Civil suit against Flanagan the Pummys County School Board and others still pending and in Lawrence South Carolina
Where everybody kind of hangs it out together?
He is South Carolina. What was there? Oh, it's a matter of fact
I got it very I out of like use this other story up here about the Christian movement moving in the Palm, Edelstead
We had some stuff about that earlier. Yes, we like keep people abreast
I watch have it in South Carolina just some more here. We's not to know go there. I posted one story about it
About South Carolina and that the Christian you you've been moving in the Palm, Edelstead
And then we probably both posted it
See every now and then I was on vacation. I sneak like a marine door a doubt story or something to a judge that I didn't think you were gonna have
That's fine because I wasn't sending it up
I guess Saturday judge judge George is just trying to make up for a lost time, right when you only got four or five stories
Because last couple days I noticed I've been and I don't know why we waste all of our time
You know that yesterday I look I want a weep when I see how few people are reading these stories on there
Why don't we waste our time? What is the point? I don't know
The most red story yesterday had 238 reads that's about half of what we usually get now today
Guess what story is God was I decided to find me to put on there?
I don't know what about the one about me. Oh, oh, all right. Yeah
350 already and
Bushia see if it's a story about Bush a negative story about Bushia training or if it's got the effort in it or about me
Obviously, then we'll get a lot of people read it anything else. Ah, we don't get me don't want to we don't want to you know
Come on read it. We don't want
And George depends on a big part of his
District income right now for that so you better get with it. That's right
What that's a pretty meal. I'm today. It's how he's how he's I've been a child make her though or something like that
John the maker's the Lord tomorrow is young to be correctional
You notice stuff actually gave me some feedback on that glad to find out we're doing a good job for you John the maker
It's nice to you know if you have any conscience at all to find out if you're doing a good job or not which I'd actually like to find out
Oh, that sales department man. I'll tell you needs an H bomb back there needs something to own a bombah
I'm delighted to see now. Let me ask you this on the air breath
Remember New York breath is he gone? No
Well, how come Brian's got Brandy's now which I'm ecstatic to see Brian Schmutz having a good account
I don't know. No, that's good to see I thought bread had that moment here and of course Berkeley she's long gone right
That well you said
Lauren South Carolina a former fifth grade teacher accused of having sex with her 11-year-old student was ordered held on a hundred thousand dollars
Bond this weekend
Prosecutors have wanted Wendy a swikered 36 if you could see the photo of you seen her picture. No, oh man
She is she is the face of South Carolina
The only other person I can think of who represents the state even better was Susan Smith
Yeah, yeah
Prosecutors headwander to jail with our bond saying she was a dangerly community in their flight risk
Tracker was arrested Friday on two kinds of criminal sexual conduct with a minor after the boys mother accused the teacher of having sex with him at school at least twice
Said Lawrence police chief Robin Moore's that's Lawrence South Carolina the former teacher of it in the statement having sex with the boy Moore said
Tracker to resign from her job at even more by and by the way since it's now past noon
I'm assuming that the Howard Stern post game activities are over with now
Her from Girl Springs I read your facts on here. I'm still I'm still suicidal about it. Okay. That's how depressed I am
That anybody would waste their time sending me a two-page facts on a one hand
The thanking me for all those years and yada yada yada and on the other hand giving me a song to dance about how he and his brother
Our compelled to listen to everywhere that Howard says on serious and not too serious and the post game show and the West Coast
Feed and the Central USA feed and a Canadian feed and feed this
Yeah
Tracker to resign from her job at even more sell-mentry school on Friday did not speak during the hearing didn't have an attorney
The boys mother tried to tell a judge how shaken or someone but was choked back by tears the boy wanted his mother to
The court he was scared prosecutor Jerry peace said he's terrified that the federal will get out on bond. I guess everybody want a little peace
A man who wasted the door at Tracker from Saturday would not comment Lawrence is in Northwestern
South Carolina for those of you who are tracking it on your maps
Under GPS systems which is illegal in the United Arab Emirates
And that's correct just about anything there is especially if it was our Fitzcoacher and
In fact, you have to we have to start a document when you go there to prove that you only trade
First thing they get the first thing when you land at the airport in Dubai is they give you a bacon cheeseburger
They stand there and we'll watch you eat it aren't they kosher to them?
What do you mean by the muzzle of the day? They don't care all your people?
You know they know their own okay if you're not one of their own and it's another story okay
Don't start pissing off the Arab street man
You're gonna have some right here to come to that day and give you what for you know and won't be with blanks this time either
Oh, don't say it's a crash again
He'll he'll Orion Philippia you'll Ryan I'll leave you for Ryan, you know
This is problem
That will be a very bad there at the end. Yeah, I know you wanted to comfort it. Yeah
He's alright. He's alright. No problems at all. There's no problem. He's been pulling like this and he's
Providence pass knew not that there's anything wrong with it you understand of course Matt Dylan I got to Matt Dylan Surrey
He's up for a fact crashes up for six Oscars. You know that though. I didn't I do know I got that I deserve a least so I would have that
One of the fine movies you will ever see and the fact that I just watched it a few days ago
And it was on again last night on my cable and it was like right exactly in the midway was on between
Seven and nine and it was eight o'clock so I thought well, it's an hour to go. I'll watch you
I couldn't turn it off. It's great. It sucks you and I've seen it twice. Well, don't say that
And I don't heed all the fifth beetle man
I'm gonna tell you know that no movie he's staring in nostril domus
You know another job aim is hanging around anymore. Well, when you stop with that that is so bad
1213 I know what if the I guarantee if the rag hits don't get to the brothers will I guarantee you that right
I'm really concerned with your attitude. They know what my lover a little wise ass pick like you
Hey attention men if you have a hair loss problem if you're currently wearing a hair system you better listen to this please
Charles Alphair has been supplying and designing hair systems for showbiz people
Politicians and more importantly every day smucks like you for over 40 years over 40 years man
It's even longer than I've been around most people say you can always spot a hair system
I say those people how many good hair systems go undetected because it looks like the real thing
Charles Alphair's hair systems are completely natural designed with just a right amount of hair in the proper
Recessions run your hands through it and a hair too
It looks and feels just like your own hair and for just this deal is so good
You can't pass it up remember that he's gonna make us the offer the word on the street is the deal is gonna be so good
We can't refuse that other air for just 99 bucks Charlie will custom design a hair system for you
It tried for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells if you're getting lots of action
It's yours for just an additional 500 bucks Charlie is so confident that you will be satisfied
He offers you the following unbeatable guarantee if you're not completely happy with your hair system
Just return it and Charlie giving you back the 99 bucks. That's an offer you can't refuse it cost you nothing
You will lose nothing except that ball spot so call Charlie today toll free at 1 800 3 to 1
24 13 make an appointment you'll find a studio in prestigious for Lauderdale and Charlie will sit you rise down and show you
How much better and how many years younger he can help you guys look 1 800 3 to 1
24 13 or on the wicked web Charles Alfie Erie dot com
Now two years later and say it took me a little while a little slow learner, but Neil I apologize
It's way deal you are the truth
Right let's play who wants to be a millionaire
Pop daddy sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy yo yo man. Yo. Yo. Are you ready? Yeah
Here's your $100 question finish this nursery line all right hickory dickery blank is it a doc?
B peer C Marina all a D inlet
Man is $100 question right here. You're kidding me right?
This is $100 for $100. This ain't a million dollar question. This is the first one
Holy for $100 is this a black thing? If you like to use a lifeline. Yeah. I wonder why got what do I got well?
We have the ask the audience the 50 50 and the poll of a friend
Ask the audience that's only white people in here 50 50 and gonna help me. Oh, you know
I'm gonna phone a friend gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rod. Yeah
All right, who are we gonna call puppy? Oh my boy old dirty bastard old dirty bastard. Yeah dirty
We're gone our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you
Yo
Old dirty
Regis filmin from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you?
Got your friend here puff daddy. Yo dirty was that
Old dirty
Puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the
Question
First question and the next voice you hear will be his he'll come on the line he'll ask you the question
They'll give you four possible choices. Are you set?
Next voice you hear will be his and
30 seconds begins now
Yo dirty finishes off for me. All right
Hickory dickory blank is it a doc
B
Pia
C
Marino or D
Illumina
Come on man. I don't got much time
Pia sure
30 man, there's a lot of money man. Yeah, but 30 all right man. Thank you very much
Times off the old dirty said Pia
You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what Regis
Want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a life line. I actually know there's only three lifelines
You've used one you have two left. No, no, no, I get another life line. It's a brand new into the game
What is that puppy? It's called shoot the host
Puppy you can ask the audience I call it shoot the whole puppy used to 50 50 what's the answer?
Puppy it's dark. It's a it's dark. My final answer is dark. It's dark and it's a good one
You got a hundred dollars run you run you
From 21 so that's where that came from
30 man. Oh, it's time. It'll be on the disc I understand oh and speaking of the disc is
What because I just got what we just got the hot copies in our hands wow and what is this one call?
It's called I think about 30 man. Yes, Neil Rogers presents about 30 man commemorating 30 years of entertaining South Florida
Oh my god, see it's it's right on the disc see and
Where do they get this is there a thing on our website yet? Or is it
Well, the Miguel and Eric are emailing back and forth to get it posted on there make sure the link to the store works all of these things
Yeah, and we'll tell you tomorrow of Van hits there will be some hits
I think I guess yeah, yeah, we're either gonna be a couple of hits. I think what happened already yesterday
Don't mess with my
Well, that was sure that was really yesterday a Joe Bell to come in this morning before the show and give me that bad news about the
Water Nasty having submitted a resignation yesterday. He did apologize
He's rooting for ruining my whole day and I said all right good
See here on my day in a good day as opposed to our junior program director who yesterday for it started me
Just struggling I felt like Christy alley man with
With ice cream sandwich and a little distracted because I'm shooting my
Quail down
I can't pass it up every time I get on here. Oh look at that. Just shot the guy in the middle there
Track 21 by the way on this disc because if I can get it open is what is the puffy with readers
Charity is gonna money is gonna go to a man in parents here and just to explain this to people since we're on the issue
It's got stuff that we could never play stuff that we used to be able to play but can never play again
Right some older class of filthy stuff right some old classics that we don't want to play ever again like the bridge tender
No, they can't get enough of it and some nice new fresh things to just you know just be fresh
Yes, yes
My birthday right okay
What do we do 20 bucks again? Yes, I think so
And yes, go ahead the other key for the t-shirt has the same cover as the CD and they're big and beautiful and you know purple and not too gay
Well, I'll be damn
Well, that's good. It's a really good cause of band and pet rescue because like I've told you for a long time
Most dogs are better than a lot of the humans I've met in my life especially in my own service first
It'll be bad south Florida
Especially in South Carolina was what I was thinking Ricky faxes and says Ricky in Ricky Tiki
By the way, thanks again to Rick Sharford the kind words and at column that Kevin Bastard thing. That was very nice
Thank you Rick your cat. Let's tip our cap our old-shrill cap to Rick Shaw
All right, I'd like to just one times I know he's bald as a bowling ball
But then against a mine out but that's by choice
But I'd like to see him one time without the cap on when you I would recognize you that chrome dome
He used to sit a few rows in front of me
I told you this so many times it's very boring, but the dolphin games when I had my season tickets me in the fat man
In the early game we'd be there before the game and Rick would turn around and give me the big wave
He's a good guy. He's misunderstood a lot of people well same thing with me, you know, I people think I was bastard
Especially in that building, but that's you know think whatever you want. I read to see with me. I don't care
He probably doesn't care either
Here's the fact from Ricky in somewhere. Oh, unfortunately Lucy John and Ricky
Happy 30th anniversary tomorrow. I'll be flying to Chile Boston. So I'll miss the show
It's cold alright. Trust me what I tell you the sun is shining. It looks beautiful
It is cold here man. No snow on the ground though. I just mentioned that in passing for Castanova
You're a lot of fun and certainly are addictive unfortunately
We haven't been listening to you for 30 years our lost congratulations. Thanks to John and Ricky
I have a safe trip to Boston. Okay. Let's see. I'm making up a pool for tomorrow
Can you want me to tell you what the pool is tomorrow? Sure good
Are you still eating how is silly?
Man by the way speaking of eating in line with what I was saying before halal is to their schmata heads as kosher is to the heaths
Halal which I see that on signs all over the place the least in restaurants
Where they have like Shawarma. What what is Shawarma? Maybe somebody will factor the same person that knew that is that like a lamb
I know that they've heard big on lamb which oh I lamb is gaming to me. I mean you like lamb chop
I have never had lamb that I'd like to my life. I don't like it greasy and sweet. Oh, is it I always always kind of like
Gainy. Yeah, well, maybe that's a good job. Although I don't mind poke chops
I was gonna go to Dubai that'd be the first thing out of it would be some nice pork chop
Anyway, they pulled them all we can publish them with this out of the snack. Yeah, both of them is the mic. It's hell a little self serving, but who cares
What best describes kneels 30 years on a year in Miami?
I hear they hear the choices. I've got maybe got some additions fun
entertaining
aggravating
ponderous enough already
informative a real mitzvah a miracle lucky
stale
simulating the pulsus outflow or provocative
That's good. It's pretty I got some negative ones on here
But of course, you know if you're still listening after all this time
You just want to take your gratuitous shot of a plenty of opportunity to do it there, you know like stale stale
Rogers, oh, by the way, how is it that we're still continuing? We hardly ever even mentioned
Don't don't worry. We're in somehow we continue doing a show is amazing to me. Oh, I'm sure when the next rating book comes out
You'll see all these different clowns over the years. Oh, you never have a show a farm ladder around like Joey Reynolds used to say the same thing too
Here is a chronic factor who says a movie in which Robin William is very funny
Moscow on the Hudson didn't see it
With effects to the US in blooming dails and two a movie in which he does wonderfully in a non-commitic
vote role awakening a
Doctor in a New York clinic you'll wake up comatose patients including Robert De Niro
You know the movie isn't bad but the bit that we have about it is much better
What is that awakenings we have an awakening's bit we have awakenings to in the motion picture awakenings. Oh, okay
Well, that's probably coming up
And this is from the chronic and cocoa. We're not to be confused with the chronic from point and feature of the chronic from a
Boko whoever was there was a remember that fact I got what's I recognized the hand writing yeah that was really something and
It's quit blaming her again. They had nothing to do with that then they ought to yeah right right
Another radio may have another rate is a really cranky person. Where would that factor is now?
I'm not talking about the chronic from cocoa. All is straight enough there
But that other one chronic cranky and nasty and hostile
I'd you like to wake up to a piece of crap like that every day. Are they?
27 past noon in a few way and finally a TV experience is like no other make no mistake
Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use and has lots to love and today you can try for just
3499 a month for three months. Why is TV so much better with on demand?
First start is you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so with programming including free movies kids shows music videos
Cooking shows sports home improvement shows get tar lessons in lots more
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it
And don't forget about control when you have on demand you can start stop pause rewind fast forward programs using your remote
You can't get all this with satellite with up to 250 channels plus on demand you can build your own TV schedule
Who could possibly act for more and best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable
So pick your show time sit back and you wonder how you ever managed to get along without it call today order Comcast digital cable
Ace viewer with a power of on demand for only 34 99 a month for three months call today
305 Comcast and date or in 954 Comcast
Tonight on the Islamic Cartoon Network
Yes, I love me
Hey, baby what happened on it? I know how you can get 72 version
I'm gonna settle down baby. All you gotta do is blow yourself up
In his tall heart they stand by for news one day Mickey Mouse woke up and Minnie was gone
He went to look for her and as he stepped outside he saw Mickey sucks written in a yellow liquid in the snow
He investigated and realized there was good and bad news
It was goofy's urine, but Minnie's handwriting now page two
Sam was sprawled across three entire seat to the theater when the Usher came by and noticed he whispered to Sam
Sorry sir, but you're only allowed one
Seat Sam grown but didn't move the Usher became impatient sir
He said if you don't get up from there. I'm going to have to call the manager
Again Sam just grown which infuriated the Usher who turned and marched
Risquely back up the aisle in search of his manager
In a few moments both the Usher and manager returned and stood over Sam together the two of them tried repeatedly to move him but
without
Success finally they summed up the police the cops surveyed the situation briefly and said sir. What is your name?
Sam he said
Where are you from Sam the police for the hasten Sam replied the balcony Paul Harvey
Good day good day
Here's a thanks from Pedro who says
Happy anniversary of the Usher since Hurricane Andrew and listen religiously every day tell that moron who listens to stern
So do you to get with it down loads turn off a bit torrent and listen him after you're off
Going to Vegas this weekend staying at the Bellagio can't wait to see you a sin city for the first time
Never been there. Oh man, but from here the script is I know it's great. P.S. How do you attack the buffet?
What are our classic calls and history of this show? How do you attack the buffet at the Emerald Coast? That was great
That was a real idiot if you asked me. Thanks, Pedro
Are you still there? You're a little bit of a
Faxing relaying a facts. Oh, scared a hell out of me. No, no, I just couldn't add anything to that anyway
Well, here's something out of scared a hell out of everybody
These Supreme Court del they set back today to abortion clinics in a two-decade or legal fight
Of our anti-abortion protests ruling that federal extortion and raccordering laws cannot be used to ban demonstrations
The eight-hunting decision ends the case that the 70 U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals had kept alive
Despite a 2003 ruling by the high court that lifted an initial-wide injunction on anti-abortion groups led by Joseph Shidler and others
Anti-abortion groups brought the appeal after the appellate court starts to determine whether the injunction can be supported by charges
That protestors made threats of violence. See there's the probability religious nuts out there
Okay, you can't mind your own effing business. That's the problem. Okay. It's supposed to be a free country
You can do whatever you want live the way you want, but you can't mind your own effing business no matter what there it is
Keep your nose out of other people's bedrooms keep your nose out of women's innards keep your nose out of other people's decisions
Okay, just like that Terry enter a cute story with that was the epitome of what America is a term in these religious nut jobs
And America's become so religious now that we're killing more innocent people never before
Just slaughtering them butchering them
Well, they shouldn't have attacked us. That's for damn sure shouldn't have been involved in that 9-11
744 votes people in South Vodar rude and hostile 374 nasty they're angry and I can understand why they're angry because most of them are pissed off that they're still there
Dumb as dirt 148 mostly okay 130
100 and about 30 man. I hate this pull 52 the worst drivers in the world 25 friendly only 8
Solomon the Ocho and certainly not on coyote or hostile there especially if no peeking upon it
The best five and geeks to about a 744
56705 60 pound 560 the Verizon singular wireless. Let's have a a a spurt of call. What do you say?
Huh?
Well, that's how we got on there right now the small spurt. Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Neil yes, sir
I just thought you might like to know today they just released a double disc version of the network special edition
Yes, somebody called yesterday, but I'm glad you reminded me because I can go out and get it
Yeah, that can't and don't get too much as well
What was the other one?
Dog day afternoon. Well, dog day afternoon. Oh no
Exactly. I just want to know. Thanks. Thank you. All right. Dog day afternoon without Pichino and Alpha and Frado
Alfredo no Frado
Well, that's the the the Fed of Fedichini Alfredo you're thinking of Christy Ali again, so that is
I never played that see I styled had the best of intention I know
And then I didn't play a motion picture awakenings we brought you the inspiring story of Leonard a man in prison for 40 years by a rare disease
Angela courageous doctor freed him with a miraculous new drug let the drug fail
Leonard Leonard. He's not responding doctor. Okay. We're gonna have to increase the dosage bring in the symbols
Now medical science tries again in awakenings to and this time they'll try anything
Feel nothing doctor increase the dosage awakenings to a story of hope courage and wall to wall sound
Oh
Or grubbers have failed and decibels succeed awakenings to now playing at a theater near you
Speaking of Leonard. I wonder what ever happened at Lenny guy remember him speaking of chronic
So he's just sure of the appearances that's only a good Lenny. Oh, what a conjure of a basket case good god
Talk about obsessed get a life Leonard. I have no life W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello
Oh enough to enroll to my very favorites W.A.M. Hello
Have you visited the fund consumer education website lately?
All the time
Up right I was just on the only moments ago
Let's see Alex says I saw constant garden last week and you were right. I tried to tell you Alex
I tried to save your eyesight. Okay
That movie was put in one of the worst movies I've ever seen thanks Alex. Well, why didn't you listen to me? I wouldn't make it up
Oh, that movie is so bad and just like broke gas mountain mounting man
I still haven't watched the rest of it and then never will I don't care who kills who who does what to whom it just it is so slow and
Ponderous and boring and monotonous and of course America repressed America all the either very concept gay cowboys
Oh
Wow, can you imagine?
Ruts are something about putting on them chips and cowboy hats and riding a house
That's supposed to make you a lot more macho, you know
Don't forget the pointy shoes at the pointy heels and it's supposed to be in like some kind of hairdresser or right one of them
You know fruity types that they have on TV all the time now sure
The pearl buttons that's television's concession to the gay community is putting out a bunch of fruitloops all the time
You know queer eye for the a hetero guy and all this other crap
I think instead of just how do we run a lot of old-time cruise movies
Yeah, 20 to 1 at QAM hey Tommy you fairy come out whenever you can man come out of there. It's just stick your head out
No, not that one
Hey, I've been told you by dry concepts for a long time over 21 years that I've used them on my homes to make even the filthy nasty looking carpet in my house
It looks just like brand new fact so got the same carpeting thanks to them
And right now I encourage you to take advantage of dry content dry concepts maintenance contract that provides you
With a 10% discount on all their fantastic services including they're one of a kind carpet cleaning leather drapery oriental rug cleaning
They specialize in pet-order treatments ceramic tile and grout cleaning mattress clean
Missigod rather those dust mites and lots lots more all of dry concepts technicians are especially trained and certified in other
In other words, they really know their crap
They're not going to make a mess in your house. They're going to make everything look just like brand new and they always give you a written
Guaranteed price upfront before they go about doing their fantastic job
Don't be fooled by the imitators you made a big investment when you decorated your home
Now it's time to protect that investment. Call dry concepts today
They'll never let you down and date rower to the Palm Beach's column tool free and tell them that ancient Neil toward you to call
1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 or on the wicked web it's dry concepts dot com
This is Neil Rodgers
Miss is 5-60-Q-A-E-F
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
Anybody here
Seen Jack Ed from home
If his are in just suit and first all wrong
Oh
There's a lot of people for clapping sometimes
Me
My
The world round their time
He's not just making yet a truth before he's done
Making a shower with his son
Baby's as high as his wife the White House is capable
Or a little fish young to know what's best
Or you and me, a girl of all that good
He was in some deep room
In other words, do you see any funny here
We said time could wait
For this gentleman, I go home
These kind of stars in long and can't pay why
Abraham lost out his hand
12.45 a.m. Here's Frank in St. Peter Faxus
He would attend all the messages coming from out of town
Right, in town it's there we want you to die
I hope that guy's listening for my funeral announcement
We'll give you a heads up on it
Congrats on 30 years in the business, Frank
Otis Business sucks Frank
I'd like to suggest you put translations on your website
of all the Hebrew or Yiddish terms you use
So as goyem can know what you're talking about sometimes
What's Cox a hoist mean
That's something you do on a sailboat
No, it's something you want on the throne
Unless you have a throne on your sailboat
Then you can do it there
Let's see here's the thanks from old EZJ Rock and Rich
No connection to fat rich
Congrats on the 30 years I've always enjoyed your show
I'd like to offer one of my car show spots
for a van hit for selling your distant t-shirts for a band of pay rescue
Each Sunday I host a classic car show at Cravy Jax restaurant in Deerfield Beach
We're many beautiful classics and yes your favorite vets too
Come on for an evening and display these cars for the crowds of people
Only real issue I see is that an employee would have to work out a Sunday evening
But we can get Miguel out there right?
Yeah, he's got them to do
Listen let me say this right now right up front
This was not my idea okay
This guy had no interest in doing this
I was opposed to it vehemently
These things have become a real pain in the ass
Now that those discs and by the way when you send me the news paper
You can throw one of the discs in there too
But now that they're going to be available very soon
As soon as somebody gets the first one
It'll be available people be downloading them all the time
All over the place they'll be burning copies for their friends
And that's unfortunate part of it is that they don't give a damn about our charity
Or about us or anything else they just want a free copy of it
Let's just think about the people who do
People that have watch bootleg movies
Well send you all a stick one of those t-shirts in the envelope too
So then you can wear it and when people ask who that is on the t-shirt
No I don't think I will be wearing it at all
Anyway there's a cell phone number thanks for the last one
Whatever you want to do you know
I've had to do PS
PS Hard to believe no grassroots
Chicago Fird out night Johnny were in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
But blondies in there now
See we've you know I actually saved it's funny that he should send me this
Thank you Rock and Rich
Because I saved that Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Yeah we saved the whole of fame
The whole of fame
The thing
The Hall of Holes
And I got the whole list and I've tried to remember the thing
How many years it has to be
Between the first was it the first hit that they had on the Billboard Top 100 or whatever
In other words there's some criteria for being inducted
And anyway but I certainly Chicago and some of these other ones like Johnny Rivers go back a long ways
Okay a long ways and they ought to be in there if they're not
We might bring that thing back
Although anytime I do a poll having to do with music
The audience starts getting really hostile
You all turn you
I still say you better watch that movie standing in the shadows of Motown or else
You're gonna be really sorry because then someday just on your deathbed
So they will say did you ever see that as one of the best damn movies
No no I missed it too and then too late
Yeah
That's it
You'll be doing a Dennis Weaver or Rick Weaver
We always got Bob Weaver still around I hope
We'll do
Well they go out as more baby
See how to sue the beesleaves because you can't really play that without the fart sounds
Remember the thing I used to do when they were right when we played the original one
That's what made it good
Of course that's what made it I'm using in a hysterical entertaining
You know we just can't be entertaining anymore because the beesleaves are bunch of starpies
Idiots
I know you want to be more on
I was used to let you go
Yehoo's
Now see you'd play that and the average smoke that would come along I think that's Marvin Gaye
Wouldn't they would you have the average smoke yes
Right
But he's not are you
And you're not gonna tell me that yeah you are you like Marvin Gaye's better
Yes I don't
Anyway much warmer the best way to describe it is that it's the Ruffa Crullin of Greek
Now do you say heroes or gyros
Well there's the right way to say it which is their way and then there's the way that you can get your order right
Well that's why I'm asking
It's yeetle that's how they say it
If you say that they'll laugh at you and then spit in it so I say gyro or you won't get your order
I thought a gyro was like a thing that kept the spinner in a mile like a dream
That's exactly right
The best way to describe it is that's the Ruffa Crullin of Greek gyros
They're shawarma it's also been referred to as aerobic tacos
It's lamb or chicken or combination of beef and lamb or even goat
Oh it's cooked up on a bit spit and the meat is covered up like deer
And they have those in the windows of all the Middle Eastern restaurants
There's a whole bunch of them here
Oh it's goat is not bad but lamb is yucky
Oh goat
Goat
Oh and goat's parents are the reason they sure got my goat
You any parents
So in the ass you like a colder or shawarma
What's the other thing is falafels and falafel balls and shawarma
That's the only Middle Eastern that I know from
And of course, hummendo action
It's almost porom by the way even the Arabs understand it's your humantation
And they love their Danish which are now called what are they changing name to?
Flowers of the prophet, maherba
Yeah flowers, something like that
Flowers that are prophet by heaven they won't refer to it as Danish paste bees anymore
But they still love them and they're not going to give them up
In other words they're pissed off and not that pissed off that they give them up
Those Danish pastries
What a bunch of nonsense
But we don't want to get the Arab street angry you know
Because of one word OIL baby
We don't want them to take a wrong turn on the freeway and shut off the spigot
You know what I'm saying?
You ain't that cheap
Almost 800 votes on the pool
I think if we'd have really put our minds to what we could have gotten to 900 a day
We got the 789 what do you think 900?
Yeah you can do it
WCOM Hello
QAM
Yeah after all these years they'll take Johnny Connor
WCOM Hello
QAM
Neil Little Joey
Hey how do you like that?
I know
Little jury just here in 70 now that we're getting older, right to this
But how do you like that? What a treat
My favorite guy, a lovely school teacher wife doing
She is teaching the little turd balls as we speak though
Great
Oh I still have a still married this is very unusual
Yes and I've got a four year old or two year old so
Wow
I know is it scary?
That is scary
I know
So what are you doing these days?
Telling drug you something?
No actually makes little circle I told you I get out of the drug business
I became a CPA and now I'm working for drug business as a CPA
Excellent there you go a real good scam artist man
Exactly you got to figure out how to sustain the drug business
Alright well first of all you're from Columbia
No I'm not from Columbia but that you know
That won't preclude people from doing that
But anyway you're not Colombian?
No
Who the hell am I thinking of this Columbia?
Are you offended to waitlin?
No
Where's your people from?
I can't hear it from Cuba
You're Cuban?
No I can't tell that
These years were quite out loud I never knew that
The way he's dressed
Who am I confusing you with?
Who's from Columbia that we know?
I think Orlando was
Get out of here Orlando was his Cubanist Fidel Castro man
He's alienito
Trust it
You all believe you mean you're the Cuban?
He was Cuban and boy we'll talk about a closet guy
I mean he was a good guy
Alright
That's correct that's another closet case
Well listen it's great hearing from you
I think I'm not the only one you're not going to the woods this summer so
Really well
I'm going to throw up by the body
I mean
Give a real loud shout out there
Come by woodbine you'll see me there plunge in my guts up
Alright well
Hey congratulations you know
Thanks Joey take care of it
Alright take care
Bye
There's a good guy a little Joey having her on
You put some wood on the air and you won't put me on the air
Gilbert will be in the corner crying now
I should have mentioned that to him
He's turned the Gilbert's life into a pile of mong
Into a pile of donkey done
What doesn't Gilbert understand?
You put on the air that well and I went on Joey on a time and now
You want to put me on and you're bashing you not see a hit work, hit work
My favorite was those appearances we go out and do in Gilbert would be there
And he'd go off in a corner and cry
I'm talking physically I'm not exaggerating
Right
He wouldn't cry because we weren't paying enough attention to him
That's right he wasn't a center of attraction
And then of course Rick Riley lives on to him
And then look what happened to Rick's career right after that
Oh by the way the one thing about Rick Shaw was taking this in the shower this morning
What kind of amusing?
Is that I don't know Rick that well I think you know we've ever spoken like more than 50 words on the air
But I think of all the people in this business that he probably detest the most is Rick Riley
And I don't think he would be reluctant to admit it unlike some other people I know
I don't hate Rick Riley
He hates him
I didn't say you
Okay, are you defensive about it and I just need defensive Josh?
Yeah he is
Offer defensive probably getting ridden the face too
We buried our hatchet
Yeah you buried it all right
That's what Duff said
WQAM Hello
QAM
Now that
That was definitely worth a special
That was really interesting
That's why he worked on that and worked on it and then finally
Out it came
Like a giant VM
WQAM Hello
Happy anniversary
WQAM Hello
Hi
Yes sir
This is Greg
Greg? Yes it is
Greg Reed?
No, it's a work
I sure hope not because I wouldn't speak to him I'll guarantee you that
Well don't know who he is but glad I don't have it
He's our former General Manager, what's up Greg?
I just I know from all those big 30 deal
And I'm sorry I demand
Act with you
Are you there?
Yeah I'm here
Okay I know
You know it will probably be packed with a lot of
You know high-sleeved folks calling in for
I think that
But I'm a guy that's from the lower end of the spectrum
Spent 10 years incarcerated at
A local institution day correctional institution
Listen to me old faceily he got me through that time
I just want to tell my love for you know everything you did during that period
You know a wave back during the career
This is I guess from 98 to about 97
And he's just a back he got me through that time
I mean I'm sure he won't expect me to hear a lot of calls like that
Or like I say people from higher end of the spectrum
I'm doing it right now for you out for good
It's 98 and I'm doing fantastic now
But you know Neil got me through that
You're really excellent I'll pass it along thanks a lot pali
Okay thank you and don't do it again
How do you like that?
Be sure to tell me like I can
Yeah I'll pass that along right away
Okay
1257 at 560 WQM we got Jim Mandage at 4 preceded by the
Kimba Bo campers show
Well ain't really the Kimba Bo campers show it's the no show
And what it is
The old Moe show which is now a no show it's a revolving dough from two to four
This is Neil Roger
Oh this is 560 QAZ
Oh this is on it this is not a tumor it's the ones of two hours
Well I'm an era not my package on the internness
With real groupies on the bus with us the love best is the best with the skills that made you grin me and Scott
Trial and we never with them
Over chicks watching something down the fox that made us both kind of hot
I'm ready to watch and up on the web scenes up there from coast to coast
It's the one video you're downloading the most like Pamela and Tommy
Their little show we had our sex points to motor lives on video
Yeah by in this day will be part of the reason why the sale of the my seed
Deeds will be leaving it's a kid rock Scott's happened to girls by yourself a copy now
So come on we got a really hanging out now baby
I can short camp down with the camera rolling out now baby
Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar
I really think about now baby
You can see it back here from my way
I got news for I want to see kid rock with his clothes on with his clothes off maybe in a box would be good
I don't want to see him okay
Do I have to see him I'll take all those pictures of good
Matt Dylan I don't want to see any now there's a guy right who quite frankly is really come from one
At least from my perspective or my from where my finances in I used to just this spies Matt Dylan
He really got on my nerves it's bugged me too he was just annoying you know he's in like 8000 movies
The cotton club and just a whole bunch of other real-life garbage you know yeah it was annoying
But now I think it started with drugs to our cowboy am I right I don't disagree maybe maybe that wasn't very beginning
But he sure was very good in that that's the first time we noticed it right well we noticed a different Matt Dylan
He stopped trying to be like Marlon Brando and whatever else it would be and he started like being just himself
His brother by the way got extraordinarily ugly Kevin Dilly that's not just mention that
But anyway Matt Dylan crashes the Oscars as this article it says out of the expansive town that ensemble of Paul Haggis's crash
The Academy what's the difference between hummus and Haggis?
The Academy has yanked Matt Dylan the rock shot for 14-Hart Thrab
Well he ain't no T-Hart Thrab no mole but that's he's 41 and the movie could like he just looks pretty old
Dylan's turn as a ferociously racist cop landed the 41-year-old actor his first Oscar nomination
And at the March 5th Oscar Gale this Sunday where John Stewart's gonna be the MC by the way I sure hope he's a lot of funnier than he was last time Larry King
Oh Larry why did you do that to him?
The statue we're going to go to him George Clooney for Seriana
I'll get fact he is Seriana
Paul Giamatti, Cinderella man Jake Gyllenhaal for broke ass mounting or William Hurt in History of Violence
How come we haven't heard anything Hurt nothing about that movie in History of Violence?
I haven't either
Anybody seen it?
No?
Never heard a word about it, anyone?
Not a native for a six Oscars including Best Picture, crashed details the impact of racism on colliding characters in LA
Though the cast includes Don Cheetle, parents powered in Sandra Bullock who's got a very minor role by the way
Dylan's menacing but humanistic police officer has been single a lot more than any other
How come they left what's his name out of their tarzan?
I don't know why, Charlie White?
No the guy that brings in Frazier
Brandon Frazier, he's also got kind of a, he's not very good in that to be honest
I thought he was alright
He's got a lot to do
He's no, he and Sandra Bullock well first of all they were married and so I guess maybe that couple just was a minor minor part
After starting out in Hollywood as a teen star Dylan is spending out of that mold beginning with Gus Van Sance
See that?
Thruxstar cowboy in the middle of the rain?
Have I got my thumb on it or what?
That's when he became mad telling that we know today and like a lot
I will say this the movie is great
I wouldn't say that he's great in the movie he's very good
In fact there's no one person in it who I would say is great
I'm thinking I mean
Oh the Iranian guy
I'm sorry Persian
Yeah he was great
You were great
You were great
Yeah
I wonder if he knows that Mel blanks is dead
He's since Mixed Dramatic Rules to die for beautiful girls with comedic fear singles and there's something about Mary
In August he'll star in FACTOTEM
Well I'm not sure we can say that
All I know is that the Charles Bukowski now but directed by Norwegian filmmaker Ben Hamer
Dylan plays the hard-winking author's alter ego Henry Chanasky
Crash is totally a pinnacle of Dylan's career though an unexpected one
It feels like it doesn't really have anything to do with me since except I just showed up
And that goes down with this interview but it would be better
If you told me a little over three years ago when City of Ghost is directorial
They've premiered at Toronto in three years time things are going to be great
I never would have believed they said
I like that City of Ghost at Toronto Film Festival no doubt
Because it's like a real city
Anyway so Mattryl is very good in this movie like I said he's not great
But it's an accumulation of really excellent performances
Right
Let's see I would say Magnolia the acting is better
I agree
I mean in Magnolia and even Tom Cruise
As much as most people now are just nauseated with him
He's very very good in there
By the way yeah that's the thing with Tom Cruise I can't stand him
I think he's a crazy person but he can act what he wants to
Yeah and he was very good in that
And of course the Jason Robards who was dying literally and figuratively
Because he was really dying in real life he kept saying
I'm dying over here
And the Phil have seen more often
I saw the last ten minutes of Capote
And I'm sorry Kinsey
Oh yeah I got to see that from the beginning
I don't know that I want to see Capote
Oh he's just a little I just kind of those kind of
There's more previews I see the less I would see
I don't think it's for me you know
I'll let you all let's Josh watch it
By the way I agree with the Magnolia statement to acting
But I think Crash was a better movie
Yeah
I love let me put it to this way they're both excellent
See why do we why do people always feel compelled to put Magnolia down
I don't know what it is about that why is there
Because of the frogs and always that what it is about the frog
I see most of them saying Quebec
I mean the frogs make it a bad movie that denotes from it
The looks and they get a bad movie
What other movie did you ever see that had that kind of a thing in it
You know frog's was like I know I'm gonna say no that was a new one
I mean you heard the song it's raining men by the weather girls
But it's raining frogs that's the new one on us hey
Oh you must have ever looked at the other movie
It's a fine movie and William H. Macy is great in that movie
And what's your name Julian Moore
And everybody that's in that movie is sensational
Yep
And a guy that plays the cop that we can never think of what his name is
Who's a very very good actor John C. Riley very good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in Singular wireless line
Look at that phone is this measure or what huh
Come in the Q.A. M. Hello
30 years later
And this is what we're looking with at these phones
This is what I'm looking with
See we're out last week you're we're out of the week before that
You're not gonna be on this week and they ain't gonna get on the week after circus either
Okay, even after forum
So just give it and that was the only line flashing there too
I think this moment right now this this capsulizes the 30 years of it on the
Ernestown better than anything else right right right at this moment
For a put it in freeze frame you know
Just amazing astonishing nobody would believe it
That's why when you're always giving me this crap about writing a book about these
If nobody would believe any of it they think for his tier fiction well over would believe it
Yeah, well she believe in it bitch somebody Q.A. M. Hello
W.A. M. Hello
Video drone
You know I may go just go back to my pile because even I'm just non-plus by this crowd
W.A. M. Hello
Neil yes sir
You can't win with a black quarterback and the Holocaust never happened
Okay, thanks
W.A. M. Hello
5 6 7 this is my last call for calls and you know something as a tribute to myself I might just take off tomorrow on my 30th anniversary
Based on this response here today
This is just pathetic
And people think that I'm overly critical of South Florida or anything about it
And please don't give me a strong dance about the calls on the sports you as man
It's all the same 20 people you know even Wayne had his finger on that years ago
When this station first did that all sports format even he was out of that the same 1020 people over and over on every show talking the same crap
That's gonna seem stupid questions
And we're getting really close to that NFL draft don't forget it's only a month and a half away
W.A. M. Hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Happy 30th man
Thanks man
I can't believe you made it this long down here but especially with his crap man
It's just amazing. It's just mind-boggling and not not only being on the radio but just living in this town
Yeah, but besides that can I um that's some of your polls too late
Go ahead
How about unbelievable
Are you mean for the poll for tomorrow?
Yeah
Okay, thanks pali
It's fun. It's still only the two hour
Oh boy
I'm gonna try to write that my pen more right now I think it was at last flurry of calls it got me
Unbelievable that's cute
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're waiting for the intelligentsia to start calling in remember that guy before I said that the
The main oh that's tomorrow that those people are gonna call in that's right I forgot those can try to call that setup
Right
W.A. M. Hello
Q.A. M.
Yes, I'm just sure he was gonna see any of the movies that Miami phone festival and if you recommend it anything
Yeah
And
And
That's it
Oh, he's asking you not me. He was asking me. Yeah, I don't know the answer. Oh, W.A. M. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, are you pretty good?
Yeah, I got an idea for you about how to stretch out for another 30 years and really drive great racing. Yeah
Yeah, put together all those old invest in the other way remember you started in the summer the best of
Neal shows no more that I know but you could do it. Hey, you could run that for another 30 years right? Yeah
Greg reads long gone man. He's history. He's out. I know that you do it take all those great bits that they want the STC
Won't let you play anymore. Yeah, sell them all the serious radio or except let them play them there
Okay, great. Yeah, that's a good idea. You got a really great over them and listen to them instead of us. That's a really good idea
Yeah, like I said, I got a lot of stuff here. I'm gonna get you all of it between now and two I am. I had I don't know what happened
There must have had like a momentary a lapse of judgment or maybe those six I can say that yeah, yeah, you know, finally
Whatever, yeah
But that enough of that tomorrow we can just really revel in all these fantastic
I'm sure that the upper crust are gonna be like to just lined up by the thousands to call it. That's right.
The summer fest
From minutes in and this New Orleans stuff seriously. What when is this gonna stop?
What are they gonna stop wasting our actor our actor our with these silly ass people with their stupid outfits on
Drunk is a skunk and running around like hey everything's great. Yeah, they showed any boobs. I mean breasts. Yeah, no, so then what's the point?
No, there's sure a lot of boobies is no breasts
12 minutes after one at 560 Q. I. M.
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 Q. A.
Yeah
Oh
Some of the people down there say he failed
Stubbs the people in the ass to dome like cat toe
While have the national guard was in Iraq
He's
In
and
Uh
right
Our
Grovery
We know Marty Grun, girls on wild needs, the city of New Orleans.
Or the half-tilts and their film could afford it up.
God forbid, 118 at 560, Windexy stores announced today that it's going to sell or close
another 35 stores.
All right.
Bringing the total of 361 since the regional supermarket operator filed for bankruptcy
production last year.
Windexy said it plans to close 28 stores in Florida, three in Georgia, two in Alabama,
and two in Louisiana, because they're not meeting with companies' financial goals.
Maybe people just don't want to buy that mystery meat wrapped in those, you know,
opaque plastic.
How could do those packages you can't see through, right?
Over the past several months, we have thoroughly reviewed our store based in an effort to ensure
Windexy is able to emerge from bankruptcy as a healthier and more competitive company president
and CEO Peter Lynch in the statement.
They currently operate 585 stores in Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Georgia, Mississippi,
and the Bahamas, yada yada yada.
Here are the stores that are going down.
Most of them right there in your neck in the woods.
Davey, 4460, Weston Road, closed.
Going to close.
West 18th Avenue in Halea, Sturley Road in Davey.
Oh no!
Well, it's a good thing, Mom, mate, with us no more, you know.
But that's been there a long time ago.
Did you want to look for the Sturley and Davey Road extension?
You know that one?
I do.
1707 Eastern Marshall Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale, a popular beach, 1199 South Federal Highway.
1885 North Pine Island Road in Plantation.
I believe that's the one on the Quirin Pile Island on sunrise, I do believe.
The one where PD Boulder, the assassin shops are least used to.
Piece of crap.
183.50 Northwest 7,000 Miami.
15900 West State Road 84 in sunrise and 2145 Northeast, 164th Street in North Miami Beach.
Close and two.
Also West Palm and the whatever, I'm not looking for the other page.
In fact, it didn't even list it.
It says skip the page two and there's nothing on page two.
Nice going, Sunsendle, New Idiots.
By the way, thanks to the Sunsendle and Tom Jekyll especially for the fantastic heartwarming recognition.
You know, a 20th and 21st time did those big stories, you know.
And the big article isn't a whole deal.
I got the big plaque with you.
And that's it.
That's okay.
That was a little time he wrote, you know, Neil's going to have a tough time.
He's going to be out of touch doing a show from Toronto and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
And of course, I never admitted that he was full of crap.
Since he's out of touch most of the time getting wind and dying in the LA.
Waiting like heaven right all those tough pieces about these TV shows that are off the air in five weeks.
Nice going, Tommy.
You're right on top of it, baby.
Christian movement moving into Palmetto State.
See every now and then I have one of these bad, I'm just out lucid, you know.
And I start hallucinating and believing that something might change even even for a moment.
Yeah, that's just a fantasy.
Exactly.
I do indulge in those fantasies very briefly.
And then of course a day like this brings me immediately right back to, you know, to the usual.
Because one piece of advice I always had to people that came to South Florida in this business for the first time.
Yeah, don't.
I'll be side that.
Don't expect anything and you'll never be disappointed.
Those are my words.
Don't expect the thing and you'll never give them.
Never let you down.
From his rural home near Lodai, California, Coray, Brunella keeps close watch over the news from South Carolina.
And he likes what he sees.
Turning the state into a promised land for conservative Christians will be easier than he had thought.
He says, Brunella, a 30 year old.
But third man, an ancient advisor and founder of Christian Exodus believes thousands of religious conservatives across the USA agree with them when he says their influence on government is diluted by liberals and Republicans will fail to do what mainstream Americans elected them to do.
The answer he came up with in late 2003 moved like minded Christians to one state, South Carolina.
And I say, well, pack your bacon cheeseburger.
Okay. Well, pack your whole bunch of sliders from rural castle.
What could have been like South Dakota?
No, South Carolina is perfect.
No, it isn't like I've drive through there.
Holmas Susan Smith.
The state was a logical choice that already is conservative, having played a major role in the rise of the Republican Party since Ronald Reagan.
And it's from the 750,000 Southern Baptist and Bob Jones University, a fundamentalist Christian institution, some of the real far-bicinogram.
Brunella's plan is to recruit conservative Christians to move their antipthoscals further to the right, further to the right.
In other words, can you say F-A-S-D-I-S-T?
Brunella's yet to move the South Carolina himself.
He says because he's too busy recruiting.
He says he's working out the logistics for his family to relocate.
See, the Board of Gensers recruiting, I need a bright use to tell us there was all the homos that were recruiting, but are they born against their recruiting?
Well, it's good when they did it.
No. With the size of majority, Brunella says his group would be able to pass laws that line up with their biblical principles and their interpretation of the U.S. Constitution.
Laws that include outlawing abortion and homosexual relations, allowing governmental displays of Christian symbols and ending state-funded education.
At least our real far-bicin, man.
It's a Christian country and the rest of you that, how would you get out?
Okay, I did.
Considering the size of the exit is so far, only about 20 people have moved to the Colorado State.
Most of them in the past year, Brunella's optimism might seem a little bit quick-sotic.
Still, he believes the movement will succeed because of his support to his small band of immigrants already is finding in South Carolina.
Plus, he expects more families to move this year, maybe like two or three more, maybe five or six.
He's picked six counties as the first targets for local yoke election, and the ones where he wants estimated would take 500 immigrants to turn the tide, he says now it would take 100.
By 2018, he hopes to see a strong presence of Christian Exodus back candidates in all six counties and anticipates an overwhelming impact statewide elections in 2014.
The idea isn't as far-fetched as May Sound said, Laura Olson, a political science professor at Clemson University, who studies religion's influence on politics.
In many states, I would say no chance, but in a state like South Carolina, where nothing could be finer, where lots of people are in on that sort of boat to begin with, it's the sort of thing that's not unfathomable, she said.
Edward Gowsted, professor emeritus of history and religious studies at University of California Riverside, on the other hand said, I think it would have little chance of going anywhere unless there was a succession of South Carolina from the Union to which we say, yeah, just like the frogs there in Montreal and Quebec, you want to see if they were smart here, they tell them, bye bye, we'll pack you a smoked meat sandwich, get lost, right?
Right, from the Soviet baby.
Exactly. You jump on Z. Doug Thompson, your buddy writes in the capital hill blue dot com, the rant.
He says, my high school Latin teacher loved the phrase, Veritas Vos Libra, how you say that? Libra bit. Libra Robert.
Okay, that's piano player. Love her rabbit. The truth she'll set you free. Nice sentiments for the Romans, but in these politically charged times, perhaps the opposite of phrase should be, who she'll set truth free.
God knows there aren't a lot of truth floating around the halls of power in Washington these days. In fact, truth took us a sabbatical decades ago and never returned.
For most of his five years in Orphus, President George W. Bush considered truth and expendable commodity. Truth just couldn't justify his desire when Vader racked, so he used manufactured intelligence.
Truth wasn't enough to launch his war on terrorism, so he launched the campaign that demanded, depended more on fear mongering and paranoid than actual fact.
In April 2004, Bush told the American people that ain't time he heard the US government talking about wiretap, it requires a court order.
19 months later, he admits he signed an executive order three years ago, three years earlier that allowed the national security agency to wiretapped phone calls Americans without a court order.
There are such things as robbing wiretaps. But in any reasonable definition of the word is a lie, but politicians never admit they lie, they issue clarifications.
Court were Republican about Bush's lying, and he or she most likely say something like, well Bill Clinton lied about Monica Lewinsky.
Democrats were then all say Clinton lied about with sex not national security. Applying relatively to this honesty is a favorable poise of politics, yes one side says our boy did lie but the other side's lies are bigger.
Sorry I can't buy that, you're either honest or you're not, you either tell the truth or you don't.
George's W. Bush lies, so did Bill Clinton, so did Bush's daddy. Remember read my lips, Ronald Reagan lied all the time.
Jimmy Carter claimed I'll never tell you were lie which in itself was a lie.
Gerald Ford may have been too dumb to lie but he wasn't often long enough to build a solid record of dishonesty, Richard Nixon, LBJ, the prosecution rests.
Lying has become such a pervasive part of political culture that those who don't lie even consider it dishonest.
That those who lie don't even consider, let me read that again. Lying has become such a pervasive part of political culture that those who lie don't even consider it dishonest, like Greg Reed.
It's been on our side or our position, truth has no bearing, there is no credence, and lies even consideration.
Suppose for a moment that when confronted with questions on the Watergate break in, Richard Nixon would have said, yes some of my staff got over zealous and out of hand I've accepted the resignations.
A little upper or but the matter would have faded in the history while Nixon completed this second term.
Suppose Bill Clinton when confronted with the questions about Monica Lewinsky would have looked at the press corps and said, yes I did have sex with that woman Miss Lewinsky, then it would have become a matter of adultery between him and Hillary, but probably would have blown over, promptly intended.
Carrying this fantasy even further, suppose Bush had told Congress and American people that we don't have any real proof that Saddam Hussein has repented mass destruction, but we think he does based on past history and we're pretty sure he conspired with a sum of in line to plan the 9-11 attacks.
Congress might have told him to go back and get the facts before launching an attack that is cost more than 2,200 American lives countless of accounts of Indian casualties and destroyed America's credibility on the world stage.
Then again, Congress caught up in the post 9-11 bloodlust might have said, go ahead, Saddam's a bad man, bam, bomb him into the Stone Age.
We'll never know what decisions might have been made because of the sins that were made were based on lies not on truth.
Bush claims he launched the word of free, the people of Iraq, what we really need is a word of free and outmoded concept called truth.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16 QA Watchout.
An hour ago listening to you, first of all, Nick Carter has more challenge than his right pose than you will ever have and he's not a pineapple head, he's stupid fat baguette.
Who's the monkey that's more fun than a bearer of humans?
For the party party with the animals.
I was drinking jagged angles all the time.
He never says a word.
If there's trouble, he's behind it.
I admitted that chainy's an ass f***ing.
And if there's a chance for adventure, I guess I'm the black sheep of the family, he's into it.
I recognize that America's one of our troops to come home as quickly as possible.
This will not happen on my watch.
We intend to stay forever.
He's a curious jaw, our children and our grandchildren are grown for body parts.
Now, he's in a whole new world and still up to his stable tricks.
Well, maybe I need to learn to communicate better.
Welcome to the world of curious jaw, who only wants shame on you.
Who we can't get fooled again.
34% of purple weight unless here at KW.
Hello, everybody.
The bummer.
And of course, 18% for that I dick.
Okay, here's the recipes that I was asking for before.
I'm kind of like sick of my stomach reading them.
Yeah, hummus, pureed chickpeas.
Have you ever seen a chickpea?
Yeah, lately, pureed chickpeas, sesame tahini and herbs and spices used as a spread on peat or by.
And it says here, camel jockeys.
You're going to really piss off the Arab street using language like that.
Tell me.
And then, Haggis, it says they revolt in concoction using sheep's lungs, stomach, heart, lungs, oatmeal and spices.
I think lungs is considered the national dish of Scotland.
Maybe that's why they have so strange up there, laddy.
Can't get enough of the lung.
Oh, God.
Maybe that's why they walk around with them, kilsen up underneath.
That's the life.
You've got to stick your spooler at life.
Don't worry, it's not going to break.
It says frankly, I wouldn't give you a pinch of poop for either one.
I second that emotion.
Poor hearted me.
The New York Times sued the US Defense Department yesterday demanding that the handover documents about the National Security Agency's domestic spying program.
I don't you sometimes wonder.
I'm sitting here reading these stories.
And you think that a person that calls a radio show goes, oh, like that.
You think he really cares about these things that I'm reading or anything that's going on in the world?
No, they just care about when you're going to pick the phone up again so they can do it again.
Oh, I see.
Well, not today, by the way.
And you know something I'm really thinking very seriously is it as a gift to myself on my 30th anniversary tomorrow.
Wouldn't it be special if I never took one call tomorrow?
Don't tease.
Wouldn't I?
I'm going to talk about that.
I'm probably going to prevent their outpouring of affection if you do that.
I have already seen a preview today.
Believe you me.
I've already seen the real preview.
Affection is not a word that exists in the vocabulary of self-worthiness.
It's mostly hostility and hate.
How are we going to take all those contrived phone calls that I arranged?
I guess we may...
Well, I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
I have to tune in and fight out.
And I know you wouldn't be stupid enough to do that again.
Especially after recent events.
The Times watch the list of documents including all internal demos and emails about the program of monitoring phone calls without court approval.
It also seeks the names of the people or groups identified by it.
The Times in December broke the story that the NSA had begun and after they sat on it for a year, by the way.
The NSA had begun accepting domestic communications, believed linked to a kind of following the 9-11 attacks.
That provoked renewed criticism of the way the George W. Bush's handling has declared war on terrorism.
Bush called the Disclosure of the Program for the Times a shameful act, and the U.S. Justice Department has launched an investigation in who leaked it.
Probably that guy in Ohio.
The Times have requested that our may be Ricky Martin.
The Times have requested the documents in December under the Femur Information Act, but soon upon being unsatisfied with the Pentagon's response,
that the request was being processed as quickly as possible according to these six-page suit-fired and federal court in New York.
You go Times once in a while they get it right.
You know that's sometimes a little bit slow.
Sometimes they start to give us Miller on a story that she's incapable of giving any answers to. She's an idiot.
The Federal officials, this is about the retired Army lieutenant colonel who's on the no-fly list.
The Federal officials who are busy assuring Americans that they've got their act together when it comes to managing port security,
aren't inspiring much competence for their approach to airline security.
When Dr. Robert Johnson, a heart surgeon, did his active duty within the U.S. Army Reserve before being honorably discharged with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel, arrived at the Syracuse Airport near his home and upstate New York class month for a flight to Florida.
He was told he could not travel.
Why?
Johnson was told that his name had been added to the federal no-fly list as a possible terrorist suspect.
Johnson is served in the military during the first Gulf War and then came home to serve as Northern New York's first board certified thoracic surgeon.
An active member of the community in his hometown of Sackett, Sarber, is not a terrorist suspect.
But he isn't outspoken critic of the war in Iraq, who mounted a scrappy campaign for Congress as the Democratic challenger to Republican represented John McHugh in 2004 and who plans to challenge McHugh again in an upstate New York sprawling 23rd District.
Johnson, who eventually made it on the flight to Florida's angry, and like a growing number of war critics whose name is ended up on no-fly list, some of them prominent, many of them merely concerned citizens he wants him answers.
Why would a former Lieutenant Colonel, who swore to and oath to defend and protect our country, pose a threat of terrorism he asked, interview with the Pittsburgh Press Republican newspaper?
So far he's not getting satisfactory responses to his questions.
No one at Syracuse Airport would tell him why he was on the list, nor as the Federal Transportation Security Administration, which composed the no-fly file of been forthcoming, except to say that names are added to the watch list on the recommendations and information received from federal agencies and information, including intelligence and law enforcement agencies, yadi yadi.
The story's gotten a good deal of media attention in upstate New York and Johnson is speculating with reporters about whether his name ended up on list because he ran against McHugh as a veteran who boldly declared that,
I know the ravages of war and I know the sacrifices that have to be made when a war is in our national interest, this war is not in our national interest.
McHugh's office denies any wrongdoing by the Republican congressman, a senior member of the PowerFloss Armed Services Committee, who breaks about working closely with the Pentagon intelligence agencies.
Johnson is not backing off his call for an explanation.
The physician candidate told the Plantsburg paper that the secrecy surrounding the Vassant Pittsburgh before Plantsburg, the secrecy surrounding his name's addition of no-fly list, and the prospect that it might be there because of the answer.
The anti-war views is outrageous. This is like McCarthyism in the 50s since Johnson.
Well, let's bring him back again, Joe McCarthy. What do you say? And Roy Cohen and David Shine, GDB at a trouble.
He kind of took a shine to GDB. It was all a big gay thing, but then again, we don't want to hear about that.
56670560, I'm giving the phone number, I'm certainly not taking any calls, but I just give it off the street.
884 votes. See, we'll get to 900, the top of the hour, and if Josh would have pushed it, we'd have made 1,000 of it.
But he's got, you know, we can't really lean on him too much because, first of all, he's headed to like 4,000 stories and last since you've been on.
Secondly, he doesn't realize I'm sending a check in next couple days to keep him pacified.
Hey, heavy anniversary.
I thought it was supposed to be the other way around. I thought you guys pushed a semi-gift.
I did. That's okay. You never started there.
He knew like crap, which is, yeah, and that of course is, and I feel guilty because it's partly because you're connected to the show.
Yeah, partly. Yeah, and I can say it's entirely because you're involved with the show.
If you're involved with a sports show, you already were making like 80 grand a year. And be able to park under the building.
I don't know what you're laughing about. It's true. If you were like head up clearances as, you'd be making a big box.
You have your own park and spot out there. You probably get the water and not see spot.
Let me go and lube it up there.
Yeah, definitely what spot to lube up.
884 votes. People in South Florida are rooting on the hot style.
433. Dome is dirt on 154. Mostly okay. 152.
Yeah, harmless. The worst drivers in the world 59. I hate this pool 58.
People in South Florida are the best.
Solemante Ocho has been aged for a long time.
Friendly eight and geeks. Solemante dose.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.
What's going on?
Follow me, tough little boy.
Don't knock your death log president.
You ain't kidding.
Good-bye George. You gotta go me oh my own.
You gotta go home because what's up bad on the bio?
Absolutely.
But you sure flew quick when it came to sick.
Cherry shallow.
Cube.
Son of a bush is a foot in your toosh now saved by you.
That's dumb.
That's not your kid.
While people grow, you played around, you relaxed and go full.
He was on vacation.
I already eased up your couple of keys.
That's the amp of them, though.
Oops.
And no one cares to even prepare for the worst scenario.
You were the one busy having fun and that's no no.
You'll investigate at a later date.
That's real bullshit.
I'll take your situation once that.
Don't you get locked up so it don't continue?
Duh.
But no one will get flames like with aging.
Plain no hands will roll.
Of course.
And as for this, it'd be a slap on the wrist and no charges.
File.
What a surprise.
Because you're a liar.
No one gets fired with each new mess.
Nobody.
A new death toll slip into polls.
That's no problem.
Oh, he'll fix it.
Your spin machine will deal with new Orleans.
Because that's their job, though.
As per usual.
Son of a bush.
She has a foot in your touch.
You're an asshole.
We just don't understand.
You got blood on your hands.
But what no brain mold.
I'm a problem, son.
You made it obvious that these can most of us.
You have no shame.
No shame.
What's that?
And what's with that smirk?
You stupid jerk when people have died old.
Son of a bitch.
You should be in peaches then we mean brunt.
Now do a whole of favor and get the fuck out.
You're here.
Jackass.
147, I think, Jackass, I'm going to statement.
Anyway, I never mentioned that on the year.
I mentioned when he wandered and waddled into the studio.
Congratulations to Brian and Allison.
The beast.
Got a wedding invitation to Mayor yesterday.
Lovely thing. Did you get yours?
Actually, I'm told that that's a pre-invitation.
To alert you that an invitation is going to be filed.
Well, I see July 3rd, 2006.
Got their pictures here.
Fireworks will fly as two rivals collide out of the swamp.
But not in the orange bull.
Well, they trumps to nest this Sunday I'll spot it.
And it's got the, she's wearing a gator outfit.
And he's got, of course, the hurricane thing on.
And that's sweet.
A sweet.
Save the day.
July 3rd.
You turn.
Anyway, nice going.
And go there right there.
I should give hope to everybody.
Anything alive.
The beast.
Land of the Abroad.
A little bit more.
More than 50 killed in the string of Baghdad attacks.
More bad news.
Oh, we're on.
From over beyond they're just in.
At least 25 people were killed and 43 others wounded tonight.
Tonight, there are time in a blast, the where she had mosqued, the most recent in the string of bombings in Iraq's capital.
In all at least 55 people were killed today in Baghdad and the latest violence and explosion last week that heavily damaged the revered Shiite Shrine.
and further freight relations on the Arab street.
Not doesn't say that, I just made that up.
Officials said more than 170 people
were wounded in seven attacks too, they in Baghdad.
It goes on with some of you over here,
if it's just they're dying like flies.
And that's because we're liberating the man,
freedom's on the march.
It's coming.
And so is electricity and water and all these other things.
And safety, right.
Republican governors are openly,
oh, and you know what, I gave it 30 seconds thought,
about 30,
well, I'm not taking any calls to round.
You know, I said,
I know my final resolution was.
Yes, for that.
Yes.
Are you not gonna?
I'm not gonna take any calls tomorrow.
Huh.
Well, you thought I, huh?
I better call all these people back.
Get out of here, you didn't call anybody.
I didn't call any back.
Good.
Because what, you know,
first of all, be so boring, you know,
I don't like doing boring.
I mean, it's inevitable that when you run four hours a day,
five days a week and you work three four year,
we see you're like, I do,
you know, sooner or later it's gonna be some boring spots,
you know.
But the idea of doing something that you know
is gonna be boring just to butt kissing and,
oh, happy, I never,
got enough of that already, okay?
I'd rather go back and play a whole bunch of bits
and like do a little verbal intercourse,
you know, over the history of the whole thing.
Thanks to Siddler Venn.
Thanks to a dead people like Dick Casper,
Gary Lawrence, who's still alive, I believe, I hope.
You know, the people that helped me make this money,
because believe me, that's all it's all about,
at this point, trust me.
If there were ever any doubts, not that there were,
but if there had been, after this experience today,
it just proves you what, it is what it is.
Just like Michael said in Godfather 3 to Vincent,
to Andy Garcia, you are what you are,
and that's my message to South Florida, you are what you are.
And thank you for helping me make a very, very handsome living
and be able to go and punch my guts in wood vine
and do whatever I want.
But, you know, it is what it is,
and ain't gonna get no better.
It ain't gonna change.
Anyway, somebody, you think I made the wrong choice?
No, absolutely not.
You evolved people?
No, I'm just rousing it.
No.
Republican governors are openly worrying about,
the Bush administration's latest stumbles
from the natural disaster of Hurricane Katrina,
of those of its own making on prescription drugs
and poor security, are taking an election year toll
on the party back home to which we say,
Oh, right, right.
The GOP governor's reluctantly acknowledged
that the series of gaffes threatens to undermine public confidence
in Bush's ability to provide security,
which has long been his greatest strength
and probably his only strength among voters,
safety, safety, safety.
You've got solid conservatives coming up speaking
like they haven't before.
It's likely that something's going on
at the grassroots Republican Mark Sanford
of South Carolina said whether it's temporary
or not it remains to be seen, he'd be saying.
The unease was clear and interviews
of more than a dozen governors over the weekend,
including nearly half the Republicans attending
the winter meeting of the National Governor's Association.
The annual conference was taking place
in a capital and thrall by the political firestorm
over government plans to approve take over operation
and some terminals at 60 West ports by a company owned by the UAE,
the Freaking Arabs man.
Some of the same people that bombed us on 9-11,
that knocked down the twin towers in the attack to Pentagon,
that hijacked four commercial airliners
that killed like over 3,000 people.
And when just like your buddy, Lou Dobstead last night,
when commerce, as your Treasury Secretary Snow
is now talking, when commerce supersedes safety,
and Homeland Security, then it's pretty obvious
that the whole Homeland Security thing is just
a trumped-up pile of crap.
And you know something, if indeed this administration
was involved in 9-11 and or a new about it,
then maybe they realize that there probably isn't
such a great threat of terrorism in the first place.
Or else they created or allow it.
Right, exactly.
They know it ain't gonna happen again,
because if it does, it'll probably be on their watch.
It'll probably be with their problem.
Exactly.
They know it's not gonna happen.
They haven't planned it.
Yeah.
In other words, if you invade,
if you're the only criminal in the Broward County
for existence example, and you might be,
in your neighborhood,
and you're doing stick-ups at convenience stores,
it's easy for you to go public and say,
guess what, for the next couple of months
there aren't gonna be any stick-ups
to those convenience stores,
because I'm not gonna do them.
How do you know?
Cause I'm the one that's doing them.
Anyway.
This is kind of a Floridian-like.
More than 500 counter-protesters held back,
counter-protesters held back by 300 police officers,
ground out the message of a neo-Nazi group
that marched through Orlando's historic
Caramore neighborhood on Saturday
over the weekend.
Didn't have to happen this yesterday.
neo-Nazi's in Orlando, what a concept.
22 members of the National Socialist Movement,
somewhere in Kaki uniforms with swastika armed vans,
finished their march with the rally outside
of the federal court house
that could not be heard over the Juring crowd.
I thought probably a lot of people
would be just figured it was a bush crowd, you know?
Just a presidential rally.
Say mold.
The group shut down to rally 90 minutes early
and left town, they hauled ass,
they high-tailed it out of there.
17 people were arrested all of them
from the crowd separated from the neo-Nazi's
violins of police and riot gear.
Police and civic leaders expressed pride
that the event ended without the violence
some had feared.
I've lived here since 44, never been more proud
of Orlando Orange County and Central Florida,
said former legislator Al Zoje Reddick,
one of the organizers of the Be Cool campaign
that urged residents to ignore the march and the rally.
Like Skokie all over again, okay?
neo-Nazi's, on to a head time for this.
The U.S. and the EPA won't oppose
the U.S. Department of Defense
and Dupont Company's plan to dump a wastewater
by product of a deadly nerve agent
in the Delaware River.
The agency said it's assured of safe treatment
for up to four million gallons of caustic wastewater
creating the treatment for VX, a chemical weapon
with a pin-head size potency to kill a human.
Dupont is treating VX for disposal
as new core or new port chemical depot in Indiana.
One more good reason not to be in Indiana.
This is neo-Rudgers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
It's day for you, Miami Town.
At 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Let's do what I have for the weekend.
Headings down in Texas to go shoot some quail.
Look in the restaurant, Lord,
and up the shotgun pump
that got some money should be reading, braille.
Then he has a fashion
that started running with coast girl, yawn.
Don't go hunting.
Hunting.
Hunting with the chaining.
Gotta try and set a flat path.
Hangin' off his nose just like Mr. Mocko.
He and pilots are best in his downman foot.
Have fast ones of me behead or make us have food.
As old as my challenge,
I'm gonna try to find a friend in the loo.
He can go hunting.
Hunting.
Hunting with the chaining.
He can see my own name.
Please don't go hunting with the chaining.
Big watch his hand in the river.
Trying to get the pot out of his favorite shirt.
For every wedding pin,
so get right in the chips.
Make sure he knew he was placed down in the dirt.
In the heart, in the bed.
Cause he got shot in the head.
Don't go hunting.
Hunting with the chaining.
He can see my own name.
Please don't go hunting with the chaining.
Bye bye bye!
When it comes to sports.
Wee the Lovic Thorny.
For free no buy city,
give it to QA and Miami Ford Mariana.
