Tehli said was how about you but Then You惜 Tromba move theautre Ok mosquito
Youth in the 17 ohm
Under?
Based
No Way Jama而且 cow
Smell ButGresh Park
I've been here man, out in the down by.
You know what it was man?
I know wrote it down in the summer.
You know what?
It's been a while you're looking at that out of the audience
with a dozen known as my salute.
You did it.
Oh, somebody blew the bomb in the fire.
Oh, the bomb in the fire.
Look at that baby, don't you?
Oh, is that it?
Oh, look at that baby, don't you?
I don't know, it's such a dismal.
Look at that fellow wigs with a world where he packed with cut-melons.
Hope that toilet paper don't fit wet.
Oh, you know, cut-melons is a good quality brand.
No wonder he's trying to save it, it's very expensive.
Who will be by the memorials and pack the bulkings of ball
on 790s after this station and identification?
Nobody went, you went and saw Miami Squad.
W. It's you, man.
Tell me, do I need you?
Oh!
Another row, another row.
Shed with power, power, power.
Victory, SBTC, I think he done it.
I think I'm the only person on the face of the globe
other than the prosecutor who thinks that John Mark Carr done it.
I mean, is there anything else to talk about or want?
No, no.
And you are the only one.
What?
Who thinks that he done it?
I didn't do what I didn't think that at all.
Until I started thinking about this on the, you know,
in his yearbook, he wrote SBTC, I shall be the counterer.
I thought he wrote XYZPDQ.
Elements, L.S.M. Lucky Strike means fine to backo.
L.S.M.F.T.
No, seriously.
I know.
He wrote SBTC, shall be the counterer.
Now, that's on the ransom note.
Now, obviously, he wrote in his yearbook in high school years before.
It would be something if he had just recently written a note and put SBTC.
But he wrote this years ago.
He wrote this yearbook.
It's also possible.
In addition to which, if you look at this scrolling, the writing, the scribbling,
in a yearbook with his handwritten, that looks very much like the ransom note,
which I don't know why nobody's talking about that.
They have an analist that was talking about it on CNN or one of the channels.
And don't you see similarities?
I do.
I do.
Now, of course, this business about, wow, his wife said, his five-year-old wife said
that he was in Alabama.
Five-year-olds don't have very good memory all the time.
For a very good memory.
He's got some issues, OK?
Well, he's busy digesting his duck and his prawns and his champagne.
So, basically, they brought him back in business class.
Innocent people are dying, being blown to bits all over the world.
And people are worried about this fruitcake.
What did I tell you the day?
Fruitcake.
Oh, yeah.
I tell you that?
With his eyeliner.
Yeah.
Well, he's a lady.
He's a lady.
Like Tom Jones would say, he wants to be a lady.
We have艾魚.
He has issues.
Yeah, we have issues, if you're out of institutions you can't kill your child.
And people are dying.
There are no greatest odds against us now.
Yeah, yeah, the answer.
That's smart.
It's a trucks center.
I think it is.
like his food we like chuck a lot you ever up chuck a lot yeah just lately
and anyway uh... so there's not a business across the street so i would be
surprised if one of them doesn't want a business but it's certainly not that
radio station joys i think started at rumor so we want to apologize for joys
pitch
he's got some real issues that's the problem
you know i'm saying what he said
can't walk and said
so which memo should i read first i'd by the way sure you're bored
jerry for who is one of the most obnoxious people in human history i didn't
realize how evil he was until i saw i watched two db's over the weekend
one which you at the same as watching but they won't watch you might because i
would
the hunting of the president based on the new york times bestseller which i did
i do have the book but i never got around reading it i read a little bit of
it by jokhanison and uh... whoever else
uh... hunting of the president that any campaign to destroy bill clinton and if
you do get this dbd by all means because i'm not really big on going to the
special features i don't have time
i'm down you know i get a dbd
you probably are but i don't that the parents
but in this one there's a uh... about a forty five minute
and this is after the screening of the movie
and clinton comes out and talks to the audience and just is just fabulous it's
tremendous so if you're a clinton uh... person
or if you hit him like poison which is possible and you like any star which i
can't even imagine that
and Richard melonscape
hunting of the president of an extended to you all during the break all beautiful
hit that on the way all right
and
the trial's and rechistened you this is the one where you find out how evil
jerald for was and about how he and his new into Indonesia
and the met with the evil president suharto and they said oh you want to kill all
those people at least he more go ahead they're not really any threat to you
but go ahead but your couple hundred thousand people but just wait till we get
back on the plane back to the states and get us a little bit of cover and they
did
and not to mention of course what they didn't chile
and how they uh... got i and they out of office they put in uh... but you're
of chile
is a nice old man by the way
i think
pina all got stupino shit
and any way you'll uh... when you see the thing with the kiss your you
you actually would like to go and pick him apart sell by cell stem by stem
peace by peace
hey henry sptc baby
now it's time to say that uh... your former president of the summer that i
i think dumber than the one we got now even although
equally dangerous maybe
but he's uh... had a pacemaker put in the student remember the british group
the british invasion jury in the pacemaker absolutely
that you see the way that the fan fact was a
uh...
here is the mercy right
you for a cross the mercy
anyway here's the first memo i got a series of members including one about
Kenny walker
i i don't know who can you walker is and they could write four hundred
memos and until i hear money or one day next week
now what's the story next monday august twenty eight starts the new qm line up
oh god it's gonna be something
and say it's gonna be good this is there is going to be something
well guess what they're talking about on cnm
take place later this morning inside the criminal extradition hearing for
car set for twelve thirty p.m. eastern daylight time
uh... make sure twelve thirty that were glued
glued to the tv
it's a crazy glue out
causes the ranting else going on a world beside john mark car of course not
no
i mean if you would watch listen of all of all the videos
all the bb's
history across the mercy
here you can't
jury
the trials of henry kissinger filled by alis gibney and you gene jureki you
eat your ecchi by the way you know what the other uh... dbd he did
he produced
all you just got to watch you know i watched it again this weekend in fact that's
one of
a wide we fight you know i said about ten times excellent
what it what a very easy watch you know not a whole lot of
a statistics or anything like that just point by point interview with pdl
it was great
interest tremendous and of course most of it has to do with the rack and uh... all
the lies in the bs
in fact uh... russ uh... what's his name fine rule from what's constantly
yesterday made a speech
and was rambling and railing and screaming and caring on about all the lies in
a rack it's about time some of the democrats were tiny pair okay
lies all these people are done all the soldiers died because of lies just like
the at nine fifty thousand kids came back in body bags
anyway the trials of henry kissinger you must get this dbd and listen to both
of these and you like that great
not my copies of the time amazon
i have some amazon sent to you
warren cro marty here's a memo from clearance zero who is in
had a little visit from clarence this morning also from troids no longer in
sales for a good guy
showed he said that they are not going out of business he said it desperate to
get a job across the street
over there at the stadium diner
so we can keep saying across the street and it doesn't mean anything
right the right animal hospital over there
there's an animal hospital i thought that i was going to take tiny their one
day but he died first
but uh...
and then there's the time the world change place remember what was your name all
what the hell's your name
all come on the bad thing bro
all right
she was getting her oil change he was getting a little job of it and her
ralvesia build up
and people to ran in her over their cross the street
and i heard it being uh...
whatever station i was at that time what statement was it was i would be i don't
think so i lose track
i and z in a former incarnation of those
one of those that their channel's really bad news
the mother which is which them up in a little bit of which which is what
anyway so that was the deal and that's a true story she was over there getting
her
lube a job
she's getting her waxy build up
maybe maybe that's why waxy is across the street also
you know what i'm saying
yeah look at the same thing but the only thing we know about them is that
everybody who used to work there is working for us now get to that memo
in a minute
toast came in this morning everybody who knows how for the radio knows to
us and omelet
maybe i'm what's the guy know
i don't know what's it i'm that i didn't use to work with uh... castinova
all the breakfast was worked there
and also to work on that show because toth was on zeta
he was on nine forty whatever that means that they have an aversion to w i
and z even though those are some of the best call it is an american or
that they are you i and s in the york wins ten ten
i'll take a look at the version with w i and z wins uh... i don't get it
and also seven i did a ticket
greg lamega aka to see came in this morning is a good guy
he said what am i doing here next to the good question
you'll ask yourself that everywhere
and if you're going to be in a building very much
do like bubba did
if you want to survive you know do a bill clinton you know what that means
i don't have a couple ideas oh okay don't inhale
i don't know where you go the entrance
we've got to our former manager
it says allison terror will be joining us as executive and right let me get to
the crow
think for you have one thing at a time more in chrome art is no longer working at
wq and this was an internal matter and there will be no further comment on
the matter
says a clear and sterile i clarified this with him when it came in this morning
give us the butch routine
and he said that was from management no more common but you can see whatever you
want
the only thing i would say about that is
uh... two things
evidently it had the controversy and it will affect the way wasn't getting paid
going to let lock a room and pump pump and couldn't get his uh... paycheck and
of course anybody's been around this radio station any any more than a week
should know that
the bsley's don't want to pay on time anyway
all the work on the station and mad dog with that time wasn't that have a
full-time gig
yes bitching every time he was on here just screaming and carrying on threatening
not to come back because he couldn't get paid by these cheap back like little
all of our asking for the course
crocheted no that up front but i have it only there was some kind of a spastic
good deal that went on
and uh... and the other thing i would say about that is anybody with one ear
that works with no he didn't belong on the unit first
big old red blowers and that yeah there you go
yeah but a lot of your years ago little maxi build up in there
so i'll probably surface across the street that is a course if they're still in
the
okay i'll see here's the
uh...
you know it was just a rumor that's all
joys it was just a freaking rumor that the judge court has started well i
see he didn't start it was started rock solid and now
especially you know you really get to meet is the hit and run artist people are
all the street through up the crap and then they like a call on the bed all
i don't know nothing about that
you know
right
you know
if you're open up a big mouth and just stand up and be counted or land
or rock solid that's all
and the problem the reason we got the information scooter for maybe was just a
date that's wrong
the reason that it is because the one when
josh court is got told that by the big or there was no interpreter there to
like uh... clarify
and if you speak to the big or you definitely need
and interpret it
let's see now here's the one about not welcoming two new members of the qm
staff and here's the one about Kenny Walker joins qm and the new lineup next
on the
uh...
is
really
the
the
and it's not very
solid
the
world
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
some
the
So what does that have to do with little John Bane?
There's a message in all of this and that is if you want to protect your little girl,
don't dress her up like some kind of a hooker or a hooker or a hooker or a hooker.
Yeah, don't dress her up like Britney Spears who looks like a cow man.
That's all he has to do with this video making around between her and K-fed.
She looks like she's been well fed, I'll tell you what.
Oh yeah, well she's not just pregnant, she's a cow.
You're like maybe she makes Oprah look like Karen Carpenter on a bad day.
Anyway, here's the fact that says please add rust fine gold to the pool.
All other potential Democrats are a scum.
Ooh man, definitely didn't put the SB word in it.
That would have been really bad as in some bitch.
Oh and speaking of so on biography channel the other day they had Meyer Lansky again.
Remember I told you I had seen that clip, you were playing.
No, but I gotta put this clip, Jackie Mason's the best you ever.
On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach, Lansky became an elder statesman, a living legend.
The most priors, Jews in the world in Miami Beach were the holiest people to whom God is everything.
Even God wasn't close to my Lansky.
So they saw my Lansky forget about God, the Jewish God.
They used to watch you can follow him, look if you walk down the street,
they would talk about how slow he walked how fast, then he have a dog, a cow, a horse,
that he said, don't get up, what time once I'm in this little deli down in Miami Beach.
And these two young boys came up with yellow because on and they were kind of looking at my
grandpa and I was kind of standing on the background.
And they came up with some Mr. Lansky, we'd like to get your autograph.
And he kind of looks down seriously and I know my grandpa, he goes, what did I do?
When it came to be a war.
And he said, well, we figured it would be worth some money some day Mr. Lansky.
And he said, no, sir, I don't say I'm out of grabs.
No, sir, I don't say I'm out of grabs, but I walked my dog on the beach at any rate.
That was his grand sum.
But the first part was your buddy, Jackie Mason, who, you know, I told you I saw a
Jackie Mason on the beach in 1956 that's almost 50 years ago.
It is 50 years ago.
Was he walking his dog?
It was walking you to a Myrlansky's dog.
50 years ago, what the hell, it was an Anthony Eden Rock.
There wasn't a Eden Rock.
I don't think.
What the hell was that hotel?
It was up from the Atlantic.
We stayed at the Atlantic Towers.
My parents were shleppers.
We stayed at the Atlantic Towers.
And this is like a block away in Norwegian occupation.
He looked and topped exactly the same then exactly the same then as he does now.
Old.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
He became an elder statesman, a living legend.
It's the most pious Jews in the world.
Just like that.
Anyway, that's from the Myrlansky thing on biography.
That's great.
Don't watch the Charles Henry Kissinger
unless you want to really know what's going on in the world.
And what does that have to do with poor little John Bene.
Here's another memo from Josh Dero.
It says, I would like to welcome two new members to the WQAM staff.
Well, I think they're the ones that start all those ivory rumors about that business across the street going under.
They know.
First, Allison Turner.
I wonder if she's related to Fran Allison or June Allison.
I guess it depends.
Allison Turner will be joining us as executive producer for QAM and producer of the Hank Goldberg Show.
Allison comes over after serving most recently as the program director of 790, the ticket, you know,
the guys across the street.
Then guys, she also has experience in working in West Palm Beach and Philadelphia as well as CBS Sports Line.
Second, Greg Lamega, aka toast.
He's the toast of the town.
He ate my way to Solomon, but he's, you know, my grandma they used to call it, Solomon Ed Solomon.
You said that.
She thought everybody was Jewish.
Mickey Mendel, that he's Solomon.
Wasn't he?
Toasterly working as one of the producers on the Kenyans bullmore know that they've Johnson is Jewish.
The Kenyans bullmorning show.
He's worked for many years in the South Florida market, including the Zeta, the Zeta.
What does that mean, clearance, including the Zeta, 940 and 790, the ticket.
Oh, I see the Zeta, the ticket.
You got it?
I got it.
He currently runs his own sports radio prep service.
When he came in here, I should ask the, we were too busy, rekindling old memories,
but I should ask him what that means.
What does a sports radio prep service?
I don't know what that means.
In other words, I guess we need to be ready for it.
He's still booking guests for Stu Gants, is that what that means, like clearance?
So that's the memo number two.
Memo number three.
Oh, my God.
Well, first before we get to that, it's too long and prondorous.
And it has to do all in part with that new lineup next Monday, August 28th.
I'm WQAM.
Your South Florida's heritage sports radio station.
We have no idea what that means, but clearance has come up with a great line.
Our heritage sports radio station.
As in, like you said, the heritage foundation.
916 votes on yesterday's George Pull.
What you had to add the rust fine gold on there, by the way?
Yes, I did.
Good, nice work.
That means we got two Jews on there.
I voted for Elliott Spitzer.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
He's going to be the governor of New York.
He's going to win that hands down.
And he's a great guy.
He could be anybody.
He could be McCann.
He could be Julianne.
He's great.
I voted for how even though he's got a chance.
I mean, still.
And we'll get to that.
And we only have 804 votes.
Our goal is 805 during the show.
What do you wish you had a video of?
George had 916 votes yesterday.
Angelina Jolie and her girlfriend, 298.
Cheney's secret energy meeting is 181.
I wonder if Kenny Boyle was in there.
Maybe his body is still in there.
Maybe that's where they took his body.
Let's find out where the body is.
They're buried across the street.
OJ killing the cool and run 111.
George Bush doing blow 100.
That's bad.
Although that's the one I voted for.
K-fed knocking up Britney 67.
Oh, please.
Oh, after seeing that was the joke.
I voted the day.
Oh my God.
Boys, he got talent.
No.
Or what, huh?
Cheney shooting that guy in the face.
Now, there's a good one.
He's got 25.
His body.
Oops.
So we can see how it's done.
It's like all these the Israelis and the US
when we bomb the wedding party.
It's like, oops.
Sorry.
You notice why we fight?
The thing about the, they keep showing
that the Pope were over and over again about the first.
What is it?
The first?
I should have written it down in the early part of the,
a racquetack.
There's a many different precision bombings we made.
And now what?
What have they made their target right?
Remember that?
Yeah.
It's just a recitesus.
Yeah, that's true.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, I missed it.
Damn it.
It was that little Richard thing again.
I'm a guy.
I love that.
Video of the grassy Noel.
See how some of these tied together must be Noel Bush.
The grassy Noel 32.
Noel is spelled K and OLL.
They got a couple of right letters in there.
Nice going, draft.
And Eric, the grassy Noel.
Where are we illiterate on the show or what?
And I'm sitting here reading new stories.
What more on I am?
Mel Gibson's drunk entire age.
Had about third man.
Pretty votes.
I know.
He's serving Bill Clinton.
No, servicing I think is the word you were looking for.
But left to letter out.
A couple of well.
Monica Lewinsky doing Bill Clinton 23.
And who now would want to see that?
Boy, she was a, yeah.
Oh, and you know what else?
When you watch the hunting of the president.
Yes.
Now, even a graded, he may not have had the best taste in the world.
He didn't marry a swillery after all.
And he was doing, uh, with some wood monocleks.
She was doing him.
But take a look at that Paula Jones.
Oh, I have.
There is no, there is nothing on the face of the globe.
Even, I said, even this one.
Yeah.
Even he wouldn't do her.
You need a welding mask to look.
Wow.
And Marilyn Monroe's last night, Neyne.
Oh, how do you like that?
I even look at that.
Look at that.
That's a beautiful psychic vibe again by Louis.
OK.
What's your emergency?
Calling for help already.
He's alright.
If you imagine everybody is whipped up into a frenzy.
Joyce's, but he would put them up in currants as a,
it was great this morning, like all the time.
All over again.
Duff was in there, she would have made a little cameo.
Troy came by, and we had toast.
And I'm going to, how's your breakfast from how he doing?
Oh, not here yet.
Well, why not?
We'll have to get us some.
I had my bacon already.
Don't forget two DVDs.
You must watch if you have a IQ larger than your small toe.
The hunting of the president, the 10-year campaign to destroy Bill Clinton.
And be sure to watch the special feature where he speaks at the end.
And it's just great.
Good stuff.
And the trials of Henry Kissinger are filmed by Alex Gibney and Eugene Jurekki.
Now, the only thing you'll say, well, that lunatic is on it at the Christopher Hitchens is on it.
He's not really on there all that much.
And don't get the content by getting the wrong DVD because he's also got one.
Yeah.
He's obsessed.
No, I don't want him.
And as much as I can't stand Christopher Hitchens in many areas, the fact that a matter is when it comes to Kissinger, he's got a stomach right in it.
Maybe it's just an anti-Semite.
That could be it.
28 past 10 at 560 W.
What's that lineup look like today is we're like winding down his old staggy lineup.
It's doing so poorly.
We got courtesy to Mad Dog 4 to 630.
No Hank until, sorry, I guess Hank's done in the morning, the Humper, right?
Correct.
And he's on the...
He's on deck at Marlins who beat Washington.
In fact, they got two more games to go.
So they've probably been back to within 600 or 500 again.
They play Washington every day. They'd be undefeated.
Marlins on deck at 630.
How about those blue jays?
Loan and 8-0 lead last night.
That was really good little counter-tops that I didn't even know about.
That Josh was telling me all about.
What's that guy's name?
Eli Lilly.
Ted Lilly.
Eli Lilly.
And the manager, John Gibbon, who was aping it up in the dugout.
They almost got into, like, came to blows.
Lilly couldn't figure out why the manager took him out of the game this,
because he was getting lit up like a Christmas tree and blue and 8-0 lead.
And they lost...
Or was the score at 11-9?
Yeah, that's it. Some like that.
Marlins and Washington at 7-05 followed by the world famous Ed Kaplan show.
One thing about it, he came.
And the other day parts may come and go and swing and sway like Sammy K.
But Ed he K is always there.
Outtidied, but also as always, they're in that stoke.
They continue to be self-ordered as tops to guard a shop with one of the broadest,
one of the biggest, most amazing invents or risk-containing and outstanding, unbeatable selection.
Of over 8,000 open boxes of cigars, including Perdomo,
Anstin B.S.G. are Turo Fuente, Padrone, Monte Cristo, Romeo and Juliet,
all the other top names you know and love.
And lots more including special hard-to-find and obscure cigars that you won't find like in every 7-11.
Buy your premium cigars for the price of seconds and stick around for a while,
enjoy your smooth smoky stogies in their wine lounge featuring Pierre André,
a 100% peanut and noir, and lots of other fine wines from all around the world.
Probably almost as exclusive as the fine wine at the John Mark Car was drinking on that jet from...
In business time.
I was in the time.
Yeah.
Why is everybody so whipped up about so I had a little bit of duck.
Duck is very fatty by the way and probably bring him an early death.
You'll find stogies in one, that's true, and very fatty.
Stogies is at 1.16, 12 North Kendall Drive in Kendall, just a half mile east of exit 20 off the
journey.
Open every day of the week for you to light up, seven days a week for your smoking and dancing
pleasure.
Just tap your toe and puff away.
Call today to reserve your favorite cigars at Stogies at 305-59898-20 and when you stop
into the shop, don't forget to say hi to Mario and the girls, Sandrin Heather, and they
give you a free cigar.
I don't know how good it will be, but they'll give you a little something to light up.
And you'll wander around and probably take home a whole bunch.
That's Stogies at 1.16, 12 North Kendall Drive in Kendall, tall 305-59898-2820.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
The bus reporter's gone.
Yeah, they kidnapped that.
We're at the bus reporter's gone.
So where in lesbian and non?
After rest of the meal comes.
If yourself too more than one, I hope they don't return.
Trainers like them should only return.
Maybe they'll get never gone.
Or so did not see church.
They've been hauled until they're gone.
This fact there as is now.
These have ducts for boxed food space.
And why have that slug face up their face?
And go through the satsaco and don't forget about the door.
Big shots went there if you were at home.
Stealing, scrubbing, and the how they know what the ground troops know.
You see real war unfolds.
The world would be a safer place.
If you take them all away, thank you for the way.
You'll arrive in this case.
Oh, in other words.
You're fair.
1035, I was just thinking about what's the card dealership.
Remember the time that I almost got killed and I drove while I was driving too fast up on the stadium?
The one over here, who?
Right here in 441.
Right.
I forget.
I didn't, well, if we can figure is that I'm a roomie place?
I don't think so.
Oh, well, whatever it is.
We'll figure it out.
They're good guys over there.
They were very nice to me that day.
And my head was like all ballooned up and everything.
I hit my head on the day.
They were going goose egg.
Yeah, on your head.
And anyway, they were very nice to me.
And then you came by and took me to the hospital,
which I thought was a little over the top.
Wow.
It's better to be safe and sorry.
Those guys are across the street.
Yes, they are.
And they still will be around March 1st, March 2nd, March 3rd.
They've been there a long time and they will continue being there.
There's a Harley dealership across the street too.
The Harley dealership will still be there in the eyes of March.
This is a, Josh and I were talking about this before the show,
before the game today, before we started game time.
While the Oakland athletics keep fighting for a playoff spot,
the Toronto Blue Jays are still fighting with each other.
This is according to sportsillustrated.com,
and they know they're crap.
But it comes to sports.
In fact, I would say they're probably the heritage website source.
When you say that, Josh?
No.
But, givens had Lily said, no punches were thrown.
We were on the verge of something regrettable happening.
We were yelling at each other face to face.
Lily said, Eli Lilly.
Bobby Kilty, homeward and drove in four runs for the A's.
Yadi Yadi, who tied a Oakland record for the biggest comeback ever.
Blue Jays hadn't ate nothing lead, but then Lily was pulled in the third inning
when the A scored seven runs.
Here's the best part.
Givens chewed out his pitcher who refused to give him the ball.
He had a yank get out of his hands in the ball too.
When Lily left the mound for the clubhouse, Gibbons followed him.
A team trainer ran a number of players and ran down the stairs.
Cambermen near the dugout saw Gibbons push Lily first.
Canadian press photographer Aaron Harris, one of a handful of photographers
to witness the scrimmage, said Lily was waiting for Gibbons in the tunnel
into the clubhouse.
Gibbons just went at him, Harris said.
It looked like Gibbons grabbed him and they disappeared.
Then the whole dugout empty back there was Mayhem down in the tunnel.
Can you hear sounds like a television camera later show Gibbons in the training.
Your wife, the manager, knows with a towel.
And here's the greatest line I have ever read in the history of sports.
He thought he should have been left in the game.
Gibbons said, Lily, I didn't think so.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Gibbons met with Lily after the game.
We hashed it out.
He said everything is fine right now.
Oh, where far?
Except Lily's pitching ability was he still sucks.
He sucked before this happened and he still sucks.
He couldn't get your grandma out.
He couldn't get my grandma out in her boat dead for a long time.
He still couldn't get them out.
I like that.
Not a great line.
That's special.
He thought he should have been left in the game.
He was getting lit up like a hunk of bush.
And he only gave up eight runs.
Right.
In the mini.
Right.
I think no outs too.
He only had an eight and nothing to leave.
There was only stakes to an eight of me.
And how was stake?
I want that duck and shrimp that Goofy guy got.
John Mark Carr.
SB, what is that?
TCB?
TCB, STCFTA.
I shall be the contour victory.
SB, TCB.
That might be from something literature or something.
Well, you know, the interesting part of it is though that the
the ransom note, all the different lines in there are from different movies.
None of what they said the Ramses had ever seen.
They weren't big movie people.
They were still waiting to see Bambi and reruns.
Yeah.
And most of the lines in the ransom note were for a well-known bizarre movies.
Can't you handle that or not?
Yeah, they mentioned that.
You better start doing a lot more job than a homework.
Mr. Cozier is like 85 hours a day programming on this stuff and you're not catching up to it.
I watched right till midnight last night.
Well, I figured I'm doing a show.
I better keep up on this crap, man.
I know more than I want to know about that.
Well, believe me, you ain't heard nothing yet.
Trust me when I tell you.
I heard the dog done it.
Sweden State Broadcaster SVT yesterday faced ridicule for mistakenly showing a porn movie in the background of a news broadcast over the weekend.
You know, I read this story and put it on our website.
I was thinking to myself,
they're always bitching at not enough people, especially young people watch the news on TV.
If you're watching crap, you know, like America's Got Talent, even though we can't find any.
If they want, if they want more people to watch the news, why can't they emulate this?
Put some porn movies on the background.
Do you think that would attract a much broader audience?
Sure would.
But the original five minute news update at midnight Saturday could not see explicitly from a Czech porn movie on a TV screen behind news anchor Peter Dalgrin.
And this is in Stockholm, of course.
It's a Stockholm.
The monitor, one of many on the wall of a control room visible behind the studio, normally shows other news channels during broadcasts, kind like in network.
Remember when he was turning on the different networks they were reporting about Howard Bio?
Yes.
But staffers who earlier in the evening had watched the sports event on cable channel Canal Plus, which often shows radio shows next rated films after midnight, had forgotten us which had backs in the news director Perry Ying, Ying, YNG, Ying.
This is highly embarrassing and unfortunate Ying said it must not happen again.
Well, a producer quickly spotted the sex scenes and ran into the control room and turned off the monitoring set.
He said there have been no complaints from viewers about the misrepresent, but enormous interest from the media.
Swedish tabloids yesterday poked fun with the steamy broadcast jokingly changing the name of the show, which is rapport to rap porn.
Oh, rap porn, I see.
I see.
Oh, hi.
Uh, rapport to rap porn.
I was wondering.
Mangus Ackerman, who oversees the hourly news updates told tabloid expression he was shocked and dismayed the mistake.
It's a huge blunder by us, he said.
A huge blunder bus.
Ever see a huge blunder bus?
Yes, as a matter of fact, news media didn't know jitties are a blunder bus driven by those Haitian guys.
19 before 11 at 560, nobody come to that.
I give our poll yet for today.
I did not.
That's all already 20 less than 20 before 11.
I still haven't given today's poll yet.
And we got 868.
Who should the Democrats run for president in 2008?
And you may think it's a little premature evaluation.
You better start thinking about it right now, mister, because this regime has got to go.
Got to go.
Al Gore 248.
Not great, but 248.
He'd be okay.
He already won once.
Why don't you give another shot?
Howardine 144.
Good choice, but no chance.
I don't care 111.
Well, isn't that PTK now?
111 people don't give a crap.
Barack Obama 87.
No chance.
Too dark.
Hillary 77.
Oh my god.
John Edward 64.
Too redneckie.
Joe Biden 56.
Too a full of crap.
Too wishy washy.
He's another watchler.
Elliott's fit.
You know how many votes?
How many it's got?
About 30, man.
But he's Jewish.
I hate this poll 29 only 3.3%.
John Kerry 17.
17.
1.9% for scary John Kerry.
Wow.
And Russ Beingold, who just went on there, he's going to pass Kerry like he's sitting down.
He's got six, but he'll go by him.
Oh, he's Jewish.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Oh, I just think you think a Jew can get elected president?
What you laughing about?
Well, it depends.
Look at that Jew leader.
I don't know how a Jew leader can be either.
Because this was for Democrats.
No, to Jew.
1042 at 560 WDQM.
If he's going back to school, it can be a little rough for the kids.
A good night's sleep is critical for development of a healthy mind or even an unhealthy mind.
If your kids are having trouble adjusting to school night, then it may just be the mattress
that's sleeping on as a piece of crap.
It may be lumpy, bumpy and had it.
Done.
Fneeto, like a lot of us.
Called Adamatris, toll free at 1-800-Matras.
They can recommend the mattress for kids of any age.
Have a new bed delivered date and time you choose the same deal they've been doing for years.
And nobody can come close to matching it.
Seven days a week from 8-10-10pm, you give Adamatris a tour of a window.
And they go over your mattress on time.
Even the same day that you call if you want.
Call 1-800-Matras right now.
You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
Get the absolute best selection and best prices on Sealy.
Surtos, Simmons, King Coral, Sterns and Foster, Hewitt, Tempropédic, all the top names
and be sure to check for low prices online at mattress.com.
Or you can call them at dialematris at 1-800-Matras.
1-800-MATTR ESLI Roth to last, as because it stands for Stoopend is Sensational Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-A-S.
David's a bitch.
That's a good word.
Seize.
Get gays.
Get gays.
Get on mine.
I don't tell the world to dig.
I'm a certain kind of a way.
Yes, I do very very much.
You didn't know.
I used to make your scream.
But about the worst I'd dream.
Like just in Timberlake, I think he's so high.
So do I want to live a great day?
I want to stay.
Don't even pretend that I'm back.
I am gay, gay, gay, gay.
Would have run to go to space.
Sweaty ass and not so low of a space.
They would have loved my dying days.
I'm gay, gay, gay, gay, gay.
10.47, gay.
At 5.60 WDQM, happy Tuesday to August 22.
Oh, and by the way, today August 22.
Oh, where did I do that?
Don't tell me I didn't print that out.
Did I end the world today in history or something?
No, no.
It's more important than that.
Oh, don't tell me.
I don't have that in my power.
Today is supposed to be the big with the Muslims.
I think what?
Oh, huh?
A big to-do?
Yeah.
And I don't think I got it in my pile here.
Oh, no, that's bad.
It was all about...
There's some bubble-mice here they got about August 22.
It is the day of something.
And I don't have it.
I was sure I had it.
I think you stole it.
Yes, I did.
Yes, I don't think you took it.
Well, I got too many of these stupid memos here.
And I got too much stuff here about John Van A.
But first, I got the memo about Kenny Walker during WDQM.
Everybody knows that by now.
And, you know, who Kenny Walker is?
Oh, never heard of him.
So I should probably read this the way it's written.
It's just funny to show.
Program director Josh Darrow of South Florida's Heritage Sports Radio Station.
I have no idea what that means.
And he couldn't explain it either.
560 WDQM.
I guess that's supposed to be like a little shot.
Well, we were here first, okay, before all these other imitators came along.
Really, Heritage Sports Radio Station.
It means old.
Has announced a legendary Florida radio personality Kenny Walker is joining the station in effect of August 20th.
That's just next Monday, damn it.
Walker best known for as many years as well.
100s morning show host with sidekick footie who's a real a-hole.
Well, host a morning drive slot.
And I mean, it's not me saying that.
That's what clearance wrote in there.
Footies real a-hole.
Well, Crow host a morning drive slot Monday through Friday from 7 to 10 a.m.
Along with Kim Bo-Bo-Kamper for the brand new Kenny and Bo-Mo-Rin show.
So we got no Mo Mo and we got no Mo Crow.
But we got Kenny and Bo.
How do you like that?
Yo, yo, yo.
But no.
We are very pleased to welcome Kenny as the newest member of the QM staff said,
Dero is very background connection to the dolphins in impressive history in South Florida.
Makes for a great addition to our already stellar lineup of air talent.
Walker, the tremendously popular radio personality who Neal had never heard of until this memo,
had been with Y100 for 10 years.
Most recently is half of the Kenny and footie team on the Y100 morning show.
Well, unfortunately when I'm in town, I don't listen to Y100, do you?
Why?
100.
Huh?
No, I have never.
Why?
100.
Not for a long time, I should say.
Well, the real child.
This canter was on 100 years ago.
That's right.
And wasn't so funny.
Funny socks was on it.
I had a little while then.
She was on she.
Did he get canned at the kiss or dream mat?
25.
I probably shouldn't have said that either because then the joy is falling.
Walker, the tremendously popular radio personality who had been with the Y100 for 10 years.
Yada yada.
When Kenny became available, we saw a huge opportunity to grab one of the best low-cost
DJs in South Florida and put them on WQAM.
The combination of Kenny and Kim Boatcamp for the Kenny and Boat morning show is something we are very confident and excited about.
I know thousands of fans have been missing Kenny's presence on the air.
We are thrilled to have him as part of the team, Joe Bell, WQM General Manager.
Now, do you think that those 10-year-old kids that listen to Y100, those people are going to be listening to WQAM?
We hope so.
They will be now.
Because anybody over 15 don't have any idea who Kenny Walker was.
But I'm sure he's going to be great.
Walker, the voice of the dolphins is their in-state MPA announcer.
After Joe, we were, Jaybro Keach got canned because he was two.
Now, wait, when Jaybro Keach was he doing the dolphins who just the Marlins?
Josh.
I'm not sure if he was doing the dolphins.
But you did get candor by the Marlins.
I don't know about that.
Yeah, Jaybro Keach.
You know, he thought he was too soft a morocan or like what he does at UM stuff.
You know, hurricane, home run by another cell, you know, like that.
He's a silly guy.
But his family made a lot of money in pickles.
And they're in a pickle business.
Don't tell Joyce that.
Walker, voice of the dolphins, has in their state and MPA announcer.
He was the proud father of three and married and Dory Grogan, director of the dolphins cheerleaders
and event entertainment.
Oh my god, it sounds like a really incestuous setup to me.
Oh, the good guy.
I didn't say that.
I just said an incestuous relationship.
She's the dolphin.
I wonder if they know Fudge Brown.
Probably.
Heck of a job, Brownie.
Other changes in the sports radio, QM lineup, will take place August 28, 2006 and will include.
The big O or Land of Ozagiri who started all those rumors about across the street, by the way.
Rock solid.
Monday through Friday, 5 to 7 a.m.
Isn't that true, Josh?
Don't say anything.
He just did nervous life.
You know it's true.
You wouldn't know what Tommy, but somebody told me that it was George Senate.
It's amazing the way those Cubans turn on each other like a bird, rent.
The Kenney and Bo morning show with Kenny Walker and Kim Bo Bo camper, coma inducing Kimba.
Monday through Friday, 7 to 10 a.m.
Neo Roger, 10 to 2.
Just like, you know, you don't even get mentioned here.
Mad Dog, Jim Maddage, 2 to 4 p.m.
Mad Dog, Jim Maddage and the Hammer, Hank Goldberg, 4 to 5 p.m. together.
The most expensive hour in South Florida, radio, 4 to 5.
The Hammer, Hank Goldberg, a solo, 5 to 7 p.m.
So in other words, Mad Dog's doing 2 to 5, Hank's doing 4 to 7.
They had an hour of cross-dress.
Game broadcaster and sports talk Monday through Friday, 7 to 10 p.m.
and it kept on 10 to 2.
I said, where's Geltie in this?
And for I said, you've got to think I'm going to put a guy who sounds like that on the air.
I said, good point.
And then there's the thing on the bottom of this.
This is hysterical.
This press release.
I bet you didn't put a press release out about our spring rating book, Diddy.
Current zero.
Because this was the one that kicked ass while the others were sucking a hind wind.
But he didn't put a memo out about that or a press release because we might have gotten
some mentioned somewhere, like by Barry Jackass.
Then here's the thing about the Beasley group, which the less said about them, the better.
Founded in 1961.
Oens or operates 42 stations, 26th FM and 16 AM, in 10 large and mid-sized markets in the US.
Oh, yeah.
In addition to sports radio 560, in the mining market, Beasley owns 99.9 Kiscountry, WKIS,
Power 96, Money Talk Radio, WSBRAM740, which there are six people listen to that.
Health Talk Radio, WNN, 1470, which I think that's the station and Mr. Ego's on.
I'm not sure.
And WHSRAM980, and nobody knows what that is.
Do you know what it is?
I asked the parents here in the YD.
And now, here comes the best part.
Beasley's WQAM, WKIS, Power 96, WWNN, and WHSRAM are now broadcasting in crystal clear,
CD quality sound made possible by HD radio technology for those six people who have access to HD radios.
Don't you love our crystal clear signal?
Like that.
Oh, God, I love it.
This is a quick look at that radio.
Huh?
Just wait till people get that radio.
Oh, yeah.
Wait, well, here's an article by Bob Geiger.
A lot of words, but who's counting?
That's cute.
Oh, no, this is good.
This is perfect.
I love this.
All John Van A all the time.
I can't believe I don't have that article about August 22nd.
Is this the end of the world today?
There's something Hocus Pocus, MUMBO JUMBO JUMBO JET.
I don't know what it is.
I can't find it.
Did I put it on our website?
Josh?
I don't know.
I wouldn't know.
I sent you so many data.
I breathed through those things, man.
And there's like, Haiti, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And anyway, you can't find it.
Very important, though, today's the end of the world.
Bob Gaigher writes in what is this, so where he writes?
Bob Gaigher in all the global male, Toronto Global Male.
All John Vanet all the time.
And when he was this morning, this was yesterday, we have yet another blood bath in Iraq, as government
shoot up a she-eyed religious procession in Baghdad, killing at least 16 people, injuring 230 men.
Central United Nations, Indian and African, African and African.
insurgents guess we didn't really get rid of the Taliban before George W.
Zirak disaster was started and there's renewed trouble in the tenuous
Middle East ceasefire and what's the top story on all the cable news channels
this Sunday morning the John Boney Ramsey case and the gripping fact that the
newly discovered suspect John Mark Carr is on a plane and coming back to the USA
Are you kidding me really are you freaking kidding me he says
don't get me wrong I'm the father of a nine-year-old boy and I can appreciate the horror of any child being murdered
but this case is one child it's over a decade old and at this point there are serious
questions over whether Carvala are even turned out to be a viable suspect in the killings
SPTC baby PTA
Elemental P
Lucky Strike means fine tobacco LSMFT
this may be an important regional stirring Colorado where the killing occurred and perhaps
the seventh-rate story told to a national audience but considering everything else
of really important that truly affects the stability of our planet and real people's lives
this is nowhere near the top story on our national news
adding to what will continue to be an ongoing media session with this case in which our
single threaded corporate media finds this to be the only story they can cover
is the fact that it's now been revealed that Carvala's a patient at a bank talk clinic that
specializes in sex change operations and it looks like Carvala went there for treatments
oh boy the only way this gets knocked out of the news now is some
when some blonde ship goes missing in the Caribbean so here's a chicken and a question
have the American people become so dumbed down because this is the kind of non-story that the
corporate media beats into the ground for hours on end and for days at a time or does the media
do it because we've become so vacant and disinterested in real news that this is the kind of stuff we
all really care about I would say both of the above there's a lot of speculation going on about
whether car story even makes sense and a friend of mine who's both a lawyer and writer said he
wouldn't report more than a one-liner about this until DNA evidence or other innocent will prove
verifies the car car's as old girls death for the sake of our national awareness and intellect I
hope DNA testing is done quickly and whoever should be carrying so intensely gets to the bottom
of this case even if car does turn out to be the killer this is not the top story in the world
right now it's not even close and what if it's discovered that he's just an intention seeking
none case that had nothing to do with it at this point the media's push this is the start we
should all care about the exclusion of all others they made the decision that a suspect an
10 year old murder case and the fact that he's getting on an airplane is more important than the
incendiary situation in the Middle East a civil war in Iraq has killing an average of 100 people
a day in the way our own involvement in that Craig Murray drags our country further into the
toilet every day and even if they did focus on these real stories they should still find time to
talk about 46 million Americans with no health insurance and looming all questions that will
have severe impact on people's winter approaches that's what journalists are supposed to do for a living
but in defiance of all of that now we're assaulted with all John but a all the time in their
warp news judgment the media is deciding for all of us what we should be more concerned about
men by men developments with John Mark Carr then the fact that our brave men and women continue
to be lost in the recognize canister they're making a decision every hour the mystery of such
incredibly species importance is more relevant than the death of our men and women serving in
uniform overseas and for that factor alone they should be profoundly ashamed of the disease.
the
about three don't you believe the word of that man he didn't do it and the dog done it and of
course John Mark Carr he did it SBTC baby how's that go Ella Lucky Strike LSMFT
can't say MF sorry Joe oh anyway finally found this thing about August 22th yeah the hell is it
it's a date for Armageddon writes a brother in the British Guardian this information comes from
no less to source than the Wall Street Journal where Bernard Lewis president Bush's favorite
historian provides the details in Islam as in Judaism and Christianity professor wrote there are
certain beliefs concerning the cosmic struggle at the end of time God and my god anti christ armor
getting in for she had Muslims the long-awaited return of the hidden imam ending in the final
victory of the forces of good over evil however those may be defined the hidden imam I wonder if
he's kind of the what's out of the one um mode dead who when you think a little kid to the ice
cream store and no kid not they always says I want mode dead oh now look at that will you listen
mr. Ahmadina jobs you know that I actually say I enjoyed the Iranian nutcase president
and by the way in the great that we put the pinnashite in chilly and we put we let's so hard to go
in there in the east team or and all this murder and bloodshed and slaughter that's been going on
all over I can't imagine why there's so many people in the world hate America they hit us for
freedom they like us for job all mighty we do such wonderful things for you when you when you see
the trouser kissinger when you hear trying to respawn of these things that you I don't know
whether you're going to pee in your pants you just on the floor you would only anti-Semitic propaganda
mr. Ahmadina jordan as far as clearly believe that this is the time the time is now not to mention
of course camboady in the command of ruch nice job there too guys see we invented all of these
just like we invented the al-Qaeda and the Israeli's admitted his blah and Hamas but nonetheless
mr. Ahmadina juts yeah keep going back to the beginning so I can say it again and as far as
clearly believe that the time is now and that the terminal struggle has already begun and is
indeed well advanced although it just saw there on CNN the certainly Nazi news network including
wolf list greek that who's a former APAC guy I just saw that a bird by the that arancis they wanted
to get into serious talks on nuclear stuff they said it's a bomb it's a gas and they even have a
data says indicated by several references by the Iranian president to giving his final answer to the
about nuclear development by august 22nd Lewis continues what is the significance of august 22nd
that's today by the way this year august 22nd correspondence the islam accounted to the
27th day of the month of raw job in the year 1427 this by tradition is the night when many muslims
commemorate the night flight of the prophet Muhammad on the winged horrors brack first of the farthest
mosque usually identified with jrusselam and then to heaven and then back this might well be deemed
an appropriate date for the apocalyptic ending of israel and if necessary the world it says
and they just said that they want to sit down has some serious talks on nukes please don't bomb us
this sort of quiz i religious scaremon we always find to receptive audience in the US especially
among Christians of jihadist persuasion rights Brian would occur in the guardian at 90 years old
professor Lewis may have completely lost his marbles but he is still faded by the white house
vice president dick cheney was guest of honor with his birthday party in april and the wall
for the journal describes him as a sage he is printed with coined the phrase class civilizations
in 1990 and that seems intent on making it a reality never to less professor of the was does manage
if he's to spot a few drawbacks in his alleged erinian attempt to obliterate israel and attack
that wife's that israel would almost certainly wipe out the palestinians to he writes this white
while be of concern to the palestinians but not apparently to their fanatical champions in the
erinian government he then suddenly demolishes his own argument with this caveat it is far from
certain that mr. afflund indian plans any such cataclysmic event precisely for august 22
so why exactly did the arrangements use august 22 is the day for giving the rancid the west about
nuclear development which they said let's talk probably for bureaucratic convenience when they
promised to reply by the end of august they didn't actually use the word august but the erinian
equivalent if you look at the Persian calendar or your Persian carpet you'll see that august 22
just happened to be the end of the month known as more dad see how we got to that more dad got it
less mom more dad i don't suppose this will discourage the neocons from continuing to write such a loopy
prophetic nonsense here's another than michael leedon formally a key figure in the rank contrast
scandal and the rack measure yellow take affair in these years excuse me predicting an erinian nuclear
test by november five that's my birthday they're going to do an honor of me an honor of
deal good the erinians believe they now have all the necessary components for nuclear bomb the
only question is how long will take them to assemble and test it come any it hope to be able to
test an atomic bomb by the third week in october but aside to be advised as recently told them
that they could not make that deadline now they're aiming for november fourth or fifth the
anniversary of the seizure of the american embassy in teoran during the revolution there is
another remembered that our leadership takes seriously the twenty fifty anniversary of the
disappearance of the twelve imam and that's the most significant date in the she-ite calendar
reports from teoran suggests that the mullahs would like to celebrate that anniversary with a big
time terror taking in america and then it says he writes brolytic russes uttertosh what a silly
brit uttertosh don't believe a word of it leading was not talking about this coming november
but november two thousand three and then he's got a link to the original article so obviously
that three years ago and didn't have but nevertheless i do like that interesting today supposed to be
the end of the world and how we're going to find out about who killed john bane
what the way there's one thing we want to live for nine hundred and forty one votes on the pool
who said the democrats run for president in two thousand eight let's have the election this week
i say be a good idea algor two fifty seven two sixty seven who won in two thousand but somebody
i think made him an offer he couldn't refuse i think a lot of people were made off for the
couldn't refuse you know i mean nobody the uh... otherwise how could everybody have just uh...
gone silent i just i mean i realize a lot of people don't have many balls or any balls but
nevertheless somebody i want to make them an offer to get that algor two sixty seven how are dean one
i don't care one hundred and twenty three thirteen percent that's an unlucky number for you
Barack Obama ninety four and i'm lucky for you if you don't make that deal with centino
Hillary eighty one john had word seventy three your Biden sixty one alias spitzer thirty two he's
moving up a little slowly but surely that's because they haven't got any idea he's the attorney
general of new york he's a good guy man he's a no nonsense he reminds me of um alias nests
you know what i mean no what boring where your trash go what yeah no he was once played by robber
to stack i see but i can't believe the robber's stack is dead i just i mean i see those unsolved
mysteries the old one's come on here happens to everybody i hear his voice man i just get goosebumps
he had such a great voice you know yes he did and even an airplane was great
and that was better him or alloyed bridges
alias spitzer thirty two i hate this poll twenty twenty nine three percent for them again we got
the out of care crowd picking up the slack john carry nineteen and rust fine go left over thirteen
i'll lucky number for him because he's Jewish great guy he's got a huge pair and i was got fourteen
nine hundred and forty of five votes our goal is a thousand by two if we get a thousand
earlier than that you're finishing the show i got a story here about guess what it's about what
i mean i don't know what i mean i didn't give you the clue yet
well the right it says the board tying airways to Los Angeles written by jacelyn gecker the
a and p i like to star market my son star market was filthy by sure hooked in out in business anymore
i better have been into this one before the break we'll take some calls they like this one
online nine is going to be really good to i have uh-huh mumby's hitlers cross eatery angers and
you in juz a new restaurant in india's financial hub named after eight off Hitler and promoted
with poster showing the german leader and nazi swastikas has infuriated the country's small Jewish
community mumby hitlers cross which open lives we that's the name of the joint serves up a wide
range of continental fear and a big helping of controversy thanks to a name the owner say they
chose to stand out among hundreds of mumby eateries we wanted to be different this is one name
that'll stand people's mind owner punit shablock told roiders we're not promoting Hitler but we
want to tell people were different in the way he was different like a really crappy mustache and
a beard haircut there's a lot of the way he used to comb his hand that comb over you know
off the road wrong side of the beach he strand swathed the hand he is remaining jew is most migrared
in the israel and the west over the years say they're outraged by the gimme this signifies a
severe lack of awareness of the agony of millions of jews caused by one man said Jonathan Solomon
chairman of the indian Jewish federation the community's umbrella organization we're going to
stop this deification of hittory seven out of elaborating the small restaurant it's interior
done out in nazi colors of red white and black also has a lounge for smoking the exotic Indian water
pipe or hookah oh no go in and get a hookah posters line the road leading up to a feature
of red swastika carved in the name of the eatery once Logan reads from small bites to mega joys
that sounds awfully anti-semantic to you know what it was Jackie Mason would think of Miami Beach
landscape became an elder statesman a living legend the most pious Jews in the world the Miami
Beach or the holiest people to whom God is everything even God wasn't close to my alenski so
are they so my alenski forget about God dish with God used to worship and follow and look at it
if you walk down the street they would talk about how slow he walked how fast then he have a dog
the cow will hauls that's great and that's all two o'clock when you got that clip who needs
anything more right who needs anything more though though though though though 11 13 to 5 60 w q i'm happy
august 22 to you maybe it's the end of the world it's the mo dad or whatever the hell what what was
it mo uh s b t c maybe victory s b t c well I don't know what you're laughing about I shall be the
conqueror what do you think that stood for no I want you to tell me by when we come back from
the break what you think s b t c the significance in that ransom note huh okay I'll make something up
good s b t c my ass and it doesn't take good eyesight to see it I'll tell you one other thing you'll
you'll be drowning in a sea of food when you head to the emerald coast you'll see it all over the
place and lobster faces back every weekend every Friday through Sunday at the emerald coast the best
Chinese buffet and all of South Florida man there everybody in their brother now is opening up
Chinese the phrase a lot of imitators but nothing like the originally emerald coast three locations for
there in sunrise pember pine sunny hours beach when you got a big appetite this is the place for you
over a hundred different items on the emerald coast buffet started out with six four mey soups in
fact try them all six some in your pants then go for the New York state juicy and delicious
world to the way you like it hand carved prime rib there's a sushi bar and all the traditional
Asian dishes as well as a salad bar and a sea bar there's so much food you'll be lost man you
won't even know what to chow down on next at the emerald coast I got some ideas though and
the dessert bar spectacular during the week but on the weekends the 40 inch chocolate fun will make
your mouth water you'll be hand dipping your strawberries marshmallows cheesecake all kinds of
decadent treats in the Bible in loads of the most often for dessert what's that I shall be the conquer
it is yes you you you Google it yes you cheated yes anyway stick it in there perfect ending
to a feast at the emerald coast which uses only healthy cholesterol free canot oil and every
M.S.G. so no pounding headaches when you walk out of there just a big smile on your fat
pushes you bottle out bring the whole family real soon to the emerald coast for a real
pick out and don't forget every Friday through Sunday it's lobster fest you can just just
if I go in there when they open and stay there fully kick out for reservations call 954 572 3822 954 572 3822 and
don't forget SBTC from the station that brought you dead celebrity cancers what the what the hell was that huh
it was fucking the middle of the snake could it all right this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't
come anywhere's the male Rogers if you can't get enough of toplifting breast exposing action
thin we've got the DVD for you oh yeah oh yeah well it's gone wild it's the hottest video of the
biggest breast and most watch it's thighs oh baby my mouth is watering I want a base
damn order now when you also get grills gone wild money grow show them some beads and I'll show you these
casual style I got on these and grills gone wild spring break cook out show us your meat
show us your meat and for the week it's grills gone wild Frank Sweeers and sausages
I just love a big big juicy bro
food has never been hotter so ordered grills gone wild today you may just kiss the cook
I prefer a nice broth myself it's 1119 to 560 WN we got 973 votes on a pool we're gonna have
a thousand by 1130 how do you like that or close to it aren't you impressed we're not I'm impressed
and I'll tell you why I was inspired to do this poll okay because of a story from raw story
while I love that website not as much as I love watching these two DVDs over the weekend the
trials of Henry Kissinger and the hunting of the president the 10-year campaign to destroy
Bill Clinton you'll see what a slime ball can he start really is on air in case you didn't already
know it and you know remember he was gonna resign his special account prosecutor name was
gonna go with the property of peppered i do remember guess who's the main funder the main
hot shot donor to peppered i university i did a melonscape oh yeah and then finally after the
whole thing was over and they blew it and they didn't they're convicted yes where he wound up
can he star peppered i he's the same Richard melonscape it's puts all the words and missed
rudges mouth i'm not sure what else but a new poll published this week in time magazine finds
former vice president al Gore i'm gonna tell you something he's making a comeback even though
some of you may be laughing right now although he's doing well in our poll some of you may be
laughing a little bit what how is that thing where he just goes nuts huh i don't know it's in here
so here it is how dare they drag the good thing of the united states of america through the mud
of sedom who say torture president Abu ghar red i mean who you know look what pop had we got
uh... what we got now pop had gore and we got bush anyway the poll in time magazines is al Gore
who insist he isn't running trail senator swore a clinton by only five points the poll finds
gore and hellry splitting a large majority of democratic support forty six to forty one percent
it further finds the senator from new york to be a wildly polarizing figure i can't stand her man
for like two seconds me either she's a spony as a seventy six and a half dollar bill yet she is
hellry clinton may be the most polarizing figure on the current political landscape
time has to be spotted about eleven phrases one could use to describe her from likeable to would
protect america against terrorism democrats and republicans disagreed by margin of over forty points
on the applicability of a to them and by fifty points on three of them including strong leader
uh... democrats at seventy seven percent republicans twenty five would protect america against terrorism
democrats sixty seven republicans seventeen has strong world values democrats sixty nine republicans
sixteen audiotic democrats and republicans came closest in agreement on her intelligence
democrats ninety one percent seventy three percent and likely that she's sent up her important
issues to women perhaps a sign that whatever her other problems the candidate she's not being held
back by gender stereotypes well she's a dick what do you expect
in fact maybe you never see her in john marcae together
car or a could mean that republicans hit her so much they don't care if she smart
partisan divisions even color views of her partisanship
Hillary proponents have a small read of hope to grasp in the sixty percent independence
that agree with democrats that politically she's somewhere in between liberal and conservative
perhaps the most intriguing partisan divide comes when bill clinton enters the picture
where fifty seven percent democrats agreed that Hillary should have stayed with bill despite
his affair with monica only thirty two percent of republicans back as a defensive marriage act
agree i wonder what you liberty saying now about that
all of a sudden you know how july brimman is talking about how donny rumsfeld ought to step down
and all these terrible things in the way the war has been conducted so badly and all this blood
shit in the city knows that how he's changing his tomb real bad oh yeah oh boy too late yeah anyway
George took this pool on friday over the weekend now did you get a lot of calls on us about this
to john marcarc as that's all we're talking about uh no well there's a sama on seeing them with the
christian and purist same person within the news media there was quite a lot of common there's that
under nineteen overwhelming forty two point what you better know and you better care okay like
that article that i read the little water goes said all john bane all the time right right
some of the fund you two ninety seven don't know two forty six the dead one sixty three in the
mom one sixty two even steven for she's off though now and john car the weird guy that confessed
only hundred seventeen now what do you tell me about sptc it's from the bible a a modified version
depending on which translation judges chapter eight five line like that well and the old
testament your body this bible your baby bible baby well did you bible you know what you know it
and if you try to get the exact passage over here but it doesn't uh add up exactly there's more
to that line to in his yearbook well what is that's an excerpt so what difference does it make
none i guess i shall be the conqueror and that's what it said at the end of the ransom note that
we sptc the line in the yearbook said maybe i shall be the conqueror and live in multiple peace
and if you notice the years the scribbling on there looks just like the scribbling on a ransom note
it does look similar yeah looks i hope a lot more similar than uh then the stuff from uh what's
your name the dead one patsy she's just a patsy i told you so do you have a lot of calls about
that what are they saying i did you get a lot of calls about that there's a twenty four seven it's
even on the food channel man one even on the food channel they're showing him dining on the duck and
prawns and shrews champagne john mark car these suspect the suspect in the death this is fix
zero john mene ramsey sip champagne eight what's fried prawns or fried food that's bad for it
in business class Sunday after being put aboard a flight to LA to face charge in the USA as car
wind and dined in style and chatted with three three west officials escorting him another bombshell
emerged reports that cars are treatment at a tie six change clinic oh my god his tie airways
international flights took off about eight p.m. for the fifteen hour flight to LA oh he's uh on a
way to boulder is he in boulder yet i don't know i think he's getting there eleven thirty hour time
i'm not following it i'm not sure they got peter bergen on there talking about the terrorism
in bin Laden right now but that won't last very long because in about five minutes when his plane
touches down in boulder then then you'll see uh all the how can that be is he going to boulder i
thought that the hearing was a twelve through to add an on confused car neatly dressed in a red
short sleeve button down sure but what kind of underwear was he wearing you read i'll tell you i
knew he was a fruitcake from the beginning i say fruitcake just mean oddball if you if you see
all the all the film footage they got at him from mine then the pictures they got he had a pair
shaped ass oh well that proves it oh no god god with a pair shaped ass that's really a woman fruit
in the sky sure it's just like what's her name they're on um CNN when you'd be called Hank
barracad yes every time Barbara star comes on to her there's a little hangs on tv now that's that is so
oh yeah so she got a cheap shot at her her anyway barracad she does not have a print crack i think
john mark car he's got the pear shaped ass that she was supposed to have if she was really a woman
she's got a manly hairy ass now what did you do about these about these spots i don't
have christian care i don't you worry you got all that straightened out yes we did well that's good
actually no i suppose it was a and it is oversight there was an oversight or another site how
about that billboard he's got on there did we do the billboard yet did we mention that no more
no more crow on qa m which means there's an opening for a trice track for the sneak right into
it he was already on it this past weekend now what they did this happen is big blow up with the
the crow must have been on a weekday because the like day before yesterday on that people and
the payroll people the accounting people would have been on a weekend now let's see i'm looking
for all any martesne set it in the morning eight to nine be sure miss that i don't see press
rapid on the schedule at all for this weekend i'm looking at the uh well what oh i see four to five
thirty ever she's gonna sneak in that center that says tvd it gave effort to stay before the marlin
brewers game on that that should be a big attraction marlin's in the brewers wow how many people
do you think i should put that game joys that's thirty man that should be big twenty seven past
eleven and five sixty wqa and sptc this is meal Roger this is five sixty
test at number one what is your name please my name is john mark car and i killed john
the name ramby contest at number two my name is john mark car and i killed john the name ramby
contest at number three my name is john mark car and i killed john the name ramby one of these
men killed john the name ramby the other two are in blusters by no to the real john mark car is
which we all play to play the truth
about the marlin business and all the fiery king for your crawlsby name mr dick Clark
and now as head of your ministry of truth let's begin to play with the truth miss crawlsby
yes
yes
mr king
contest at number two was a ten years ago was it not yes did you then do you now have changed
forward twenty yes i do yes it do five and a ten is good thank you good mr dick Clark
and now well the real killer of john the name ramby please damn
the forward sorry ladies and gentlemen we have another turn
morning we move your shirts in half and stay tuned for more feed as we pay the truth
make sure came at a very opportune time didn't this book must be dipped in the bucket of the
stuff you know bucket of one things get really really ugly and bad whether it's in our rack or
lesbian honor whatever and things are starting to look really really grim all of a sudden we
there have like a terror alert that nobody buys into an end that didn't work and now we got the
john mark car i fire i googled it and i thought i would have really stands for okay when
clearance became program director q a m s b t c small balls takes charge that that's what that
stands for but i also stand for the southern Baptist of Texas convention which has come up
September eight to nine to four worth you want to be sure and catch that the southern Baptist
Texas convention it also stands for uh ministry of small business tourism and culture in Canada
huh s b t c saved by the cross small business technology coalition stream based trace compression
ready for this wow oh yeah and there's a whole bunch of other ones too you know s b international
uh some kind of company there's something uh s b t c dot c o u k that's uh they make
telescopes and binoculars uh s b t c so far in the company of info mine whatever that all means
s b t c society that they've resilient they are terpiescrow divided code kona teva's really
with delizamine i don't know resilient society of uh something of uh clueless bastards so
there you go s b t c now i still don't understand what you were saying it's from the bible well
supposedly according to susan kandiyati and the cnn transcript well there's somebody we actually
likes the on cnn susan kandiyati she's the only one i think in judges chapter eight the bible says
i shall return a conqueror and peace bob bobblaw but i'll be dem to fight and find it oh look what's
on right now with more on that our jockey tootman is on the four year i'm here and there was something
happening eleven thirty it could mean don cars heading to hold or do or this could stretch out for weeks
probably mean he's going to leave very shortly there's really only a very narrow issue at stake in
the next time by the way just why discovered was a very good guy Jeffrey tuban cnn there's another
guy we like that's his voice there he's right there he's a good guy okay i'll write it down he's
not one of those right wing opal just uh in the in the uh on the payroll of kind of guys five six
seven oh five sixty maybe the audience knows what s b t c stands for huh we could take a poll
no not a poll i don't know how about some suggestions not a poll victory s b t c and then he has
that in his uh your book written uh years earlier um how how much early with that have been he's
41 now is that all he is is if anybody yes he's 41 she is yes it is so i mean like 23 years ago he
wrote s b t c i shall be the conqueror and then he writes uh they are ransom though now you're
suggesting that maybe he's in cooots with somebody maybe they're going to split up that then he
also evidently you knew something about there was some kind of a check stub on the desk in the house
he knows the stuff that was in the house right but he was obsessed with the case and didn't he write
something about it and trying to obsessively oh yeah and he was uh you're saying
he emails with a guy like frantically feverishly back and forth and they had the guy on a king last
night on his 18th special panel the version of John Mark Car and the guy don't want to say
anything he says we shouldn't be discussing this and they're very kept asking questions well we
should be saying anything okay thank you very much and i was in that i was kind of stupid
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and leave it as all of this stupid is all these people
making a big fuss about her all though you know you ought to tell somebody on the daily show that
nobody cares about her all though he's so yesterday man you want to pass that message along okay
let's have a see it you know we hang on cornball material or nobody cares about her all though i mean
do you care about her all though you're kidding right no i'm not kidding i mean i did the air about
me all the time even when even when people cared about him even care about right but when he was
doing Jerry Springer asked shows i didn't care about him right although we did have that one clip
that great clip about uh in fact i think that ties right in there with us the whole job of
a business and John Mark Car remember that dyke well she wasn't a dyke she just was a uh what
she called herself but remember she said like the dress up she was a jeans and a wonder people
are going to think of a dyke no help yourself don't go to q a m hello don't plan q a m
that must be her other one they're sorry hello too late w a q a m hello
hello pal yes sir hey i was just wondering if uh maybe George would like to join me and close
that grant for us at who is today w a m hello
that must have been defo call from the Indians good morning Neil yes sir
Neil yes sir they George asked what i thought was an actually question he asked if any
rock and roll fans have gotten actually gotten better as they got older
Josh asked that question i was a lot of sorry okay if what if any fans had actually improved their
quality as they got older and i thought and thought i can only come up with one but the reason
i called is your music guy i come up the Beatles can you think of any they qualify for that gotten
better with age the 19th hand fruit gum company now come on seriously uh oh i don't know
how about arosmith it's a good question you think they've gotten better with age oh yeah
we got sober they got sober yeah well sooner or later you'll have a good thing they made
better music when they were high i thought yeah you're right i i i i i i i i i don't know
but the Beatles the Beatles qualify not the crazy elephant how about the crazy elephant
okay get out of here what is that have to do with john but a and john mark car and
yes it is yesterday was the time i called with that tc op and mfsb i got that somewhere
now but i got it in my ipod man what i got the 19th hand fruit gum company close oh no it's
crazy elephant yes it is i know it i still got it
like crazy elephant yeah hey Beast how you doing there beast beast is in there huh crazy elephant
yeah he says at the door open how about that parky beast don't get porky he'd be really upset if
you found out that for the last visits i made the woodman i hit three thousand on the line and
two thousand on the fifth time and yesterday i got off my machine and it paid three thousand
to some raccoon guy i actually had one positive experience i went to the hard rock and played
their fake video poker yeah put in ten bucks hit the button once walked out with six hundred bucks
which for a slipper like me is i know it's nothing for you
big deal big mcia as they say in lesbian on big mcia man how's the area sure on doing
i think i'm gonna get out of here get quick the glamour on a war show okay talk talk there
who i am now you're gonna be on with Kenny Walker in that crowd and bow no no where were you
gonna be i'm doing updates with Hank oh you're still gonna be with a humpard that's for the two of
you i've got a lot in common yeah the gambling thing the fat thing how's hangs
waiting i'm worried he is even vaguely somewhere now plunging his dust thing you might be in
sanny a go now doing what i don't know that's what he likes to hang out sanny a go yeah you know
delmar oh like i said at the track plunging his guts out that's what you go to the track for a
sweetheart to plunge your guts out that's incredible to me right delmar with Trevor deadman
there you go fact i might you inspired me i maybe they got the replays from yesterday at delmar
right now drop in second right now that's moha coming away in third there's those buggy horses in
moha there's mark great honorable he's the best man next to a brown series he's damn good
hey let me tell you right now about your carpeting i've been using dry concepts to my my old
carpets look brand new for 21 long years if i weren't so damn cheap i'd probably go out and get
new carpeting but you know something i don't have to especially now that the dogs are sleeping with
the fishes because no matter how hopeless your carpets may look dry concepts can take the oldest
most of his carpets and make them look and smell and feel just like brand new and lemony fresh
they've been doing it itself for over 28 long years in fact when you call dry concepts you really
can clean today and entertain tonight and your carpets stay cleaner longer too because there's
no sticky residue left behind which makes them last longer as well over 50,000 satisfied happy
customers loved dry concepts and i guarantee if you never used them yet you will too and don't
forget the ross work sports and water damage restoration good to keep in mind altering this long
terrifying hurricane season certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes not days
and dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours guaranteed they also have
a state of the art or you have a rug cleaning plant the only one in all soft floor to onsite
dedicated to keeping your expensive area rug looking just like brand new and they give you a
written guaranteed price upfront no matter what it is your carpeting a poultry drapery any of
these things area rugs they give you written guaranteed price upfront no scams no rip off just
a fabulous unbeatable job every time and they'd rather the Palm Beach is called toll free 1 800
248 5071 what is it again 1 800 248 5071 run a wicked web log on to dry concepts dot com
this is mea ruggers this is 560 Q a a
they're a legendary cop duo dedicated to cleaning up the streets of LA
the Jews of God's printout the Jews are everywhere we gotta get some backup to take
out of these two the movies did I choose it's two jokies and a deal
damn two jokies
three so weapon five
we reached your right you are right those three Jews are responsible for all the world's war
who are you talking about
we're not Jewish yeah i'm gay you are yeah
damn gay truth
lethal weapon five starting no gifts and Danny Glover and the return of Joe pesci as Leo gets
hey Rex my dog hey hey hey Leo okay okay yeah
god Joe you crazy
yeah god
what is this call me Rex i called you i shot
but the crazy cracker lethal weapon five no planes ruin milgibson's career
probably that's before noon and don't waste any time on that although i think he's doing a good job
himself George went and saw a shakes on a plane and he said it sucked yes but don't tell anybody
that because you're supposed to believe that it's the best thing no actually they didn't do all
like that of the boxwar first this weekend they got all that hype in fact i'm not how much
hype a movie can get i went and bought a bunch of these DVDs over the weekend that i toyed
out watch trials of kiss and jeer on the president yep and a couple of DVDs that i wouldn't
bother telling you about about the lectures with noam chomsky speaking oh of course i don't
expect our audience to watch that no but nevertheless and they the guy at the counter the cashier
the kid reached over and he put another one in my bag i thought what was that he just stuck and
there freebie and it's one of those previewed DVDs for oh yeah i'm a plane yeah yeah by the way
this is how huh i was going to say this sad but i i think the movie like did great over the weekend
as far as money goes not not what they were expecting i don't think i couldn't be wrong about that
because that's not my herb expertise but i think you're wrong let's double check it i'm checking it
go to the foot report she would know here's a fact thank you so much oh and George is also
added on the note i printed it up in sentence for you because i couldn't find it in the king
james fundamentalist bible and so the character of the catholic or latin bible judges judge not
less db a lady john marcar he's a lady with a pear shaped ass what's wrong with you guys not a
surprise that he would be a can i tell you i'm the last third there i can i see a lady i know one
that's a lady anyway a chapter eight verse nine it says he said therefore to them also
when i shall return a conqueror in peace that's not it what's not an exact match but
no get out of here that's not the idea i will destroy this tower dixit it's okay uh
reverses share oh your ass but what's that latin yeah latin you're ever what is this so i
shall return a conqueror in peace that's not as btc you just made that up Susan candy odyside
that's where he got it what from the bible yes well this isn't the quote though not exact quote but
no it's modified i shall be the conqueror well and i'm glad you might have been brought that
up though because another thing that they're telling us about him along with every other detail
like what he had for breakfast this morning which i'm sure wasn't as good as dino on a plane
but nevertheless what we found out about him is that he was brave raising a good religious
background good religious family man what brand what brand what we these what brand of christ john
oh well he became a catholic of course there you go that's why he got a lot in bible going well
pedophile and catholic in that like a double talk that's at the club for it and then he was a
teacher and they don't know what was that school in uh latin america somewhere sent to america
moana or Honduras somewhere he's teaching very briefly maybe nika no it was not nika raga
by the way nice job on butchering all those people in latin america Henry Kissinger and in
uh canvoli and in east chemo and all around the world no wonder the french one are frying
it's just like joe libern and now that you mentioned it you know let's say moor
yes he does oh that's your leberman they had him on again i figure when i saw him i wanted to
vomit well i think uh when he said try to butcher up now in the war you know i think that down
rama's fall about to put his resignation such a whiny wimpy piece of crap man so far bison i tell
him what do i tell you about when you and you had your own experience thanks to your accountant
there your orthodox accountant when you when you're wrapped in to fill in two tight
it's bad for the circulation that's what happens in your brain shrivels how does god get a note you
love him and i'm sure that's something that shrivels up opposition among american and then
nobody coming through anything on this sb tc because and you want to know why they don't know what
that it means small balls take charge that's clearance i'm telling you man he's the one that killed
john but hey he's done it he's killing us by the way 15.25 million for the movie more it's
nothing what kind of ranking though it was number one but it would but that's nothing they
nothing going on right now either yeah it had very little competition it's not that big man
not that big and the movie either put the bombs snake on a plane oh come on and isn't it interesting
how snakes on a plane was released just coincidentally on friday just timing with this whole thing
this terror alert we had an anger i'm not suggesting there's any connection mind you you know it reminds
me of it's like wagging the dog remember when that movie came out tried the dog yep and remember how
coincident all the timing was on that deal i got news for when you watch this clinton clip in fact
even if you don't watch the rest of the movie which i know you will but anybody else just watch
the part where clinton comes out after the initial screening of the movie and he talks to the
audience it's just fabulous stuff it's really good and you'll say top hat tent and look what we
got now man look what we got now oh yeah us president George w bush announced that the us will
not be leaving a rag during his presidency yesterday in a spastic spewing of venom even you say
yes it's important and we stay there and get it done or we leave bush argued we're not leaving
so long as i'm present that'll be a huge mistake so much for all that troop withdrawal crap huh yeah
you announced that the nation would be offering 230 million dollars in aid to Lebanon yeah and we
we we are giving these rallies all those weapons so they could demolish your country now we're
going to give you 230 million see how many falafel stands that's going to build it we're all
better right we're good the president also called for a fast deployment of international peace
keeping force now of course that we're going to be involved you understand that right
opposition among americans to the war and i rack has reached a new high with only about a third
of his spot and saying they favor it according to a brand new pope released yesterday there's that
magical 33 percent yeah it's very close to win in fact it's within the area you know the margin of
35 percent of a thousand thirty-three adults it's always thirty-three thirty-five thirty-one
right around five thirty man that just thirty five percent of a thousand plus adults pulled so
they favor the war in a rack sixty-one percent of the opposes the highest opposition noted in
any CNN poll since the blood bath began three years ago the illegal invasion occupation slaughter
blood bath carnage lunacy insanity despite the rising opposition of the war president bush at
the u.s. will not just said that a bear majority fifty-one percent say they see bush is a strong
leader but on most other attributes he gets negative remarks fifty-four percent do not consider
him honest fifty-four percent don't think he shares their values and fifty-eight percent say he
does not inspire confidence oh man that's the understandable of the century bush has stand on
the issues is also problematic with more than half fifty-seven percent of americans say they disagree
with him on the issues they care about nice job in New Orleans by the way it's the one year anniversary
of Katrina what a nice job well of course it's those dark folks they vote Democrat too much anyway
you know they don't have any homes in fact we ought to play that trans-frog band hammering ain't
got no home coming right up oh we don't have to play that because we got the what's the mole bit
I ain't never said do it ain't never said do it to the tune of eight ain't got no home that's the one
parents frog man Henry what could he sing or what oh he could build out an ounce of sound man
he was good so that's the deal bushes tepid ratings do not vote well for his parties odds in the
coming congressional elections ask which parties candidates they would vote for if the elections
were held today fifty-two percent said the Democrats as we can wimp you as they are 43 percent said
the GOP there you go but he's adamant man he's his stubbornness amule and I got the same IQ how many votes
we got we got way over a thousand we got a thousand forty six pick up sticks you ready for that
one oh four six who should the Democrats win us uh run for president in 2008
Al Gore 286 bring him back alive baby Al Gore what about FDR let's go for five I'll take ike
Democrats you know it's interesting that uh because you're not old enough because you weren't born yet
but before he ran in fifty-two the first time the Democrats had made over cheers to him too because
he really wasn't affiliated he was like uh you know he just not a script yet yeah although if
you watch why we fight you like a lot more man he will he said that he'd tell that like it is
and especially considering the fact that he spent so much of his life in the military to be the one
that out of the military industrial congressional complex that's the important part the third
part of congressional complex and he left he left out in the speech the working
congressional because he didn't want to offend his friends in congress but that's what he was
talking about the military industrial congressional complex where so of course we got the thing
tanks that they pointed out the end of the movie to add to it yeah tanks the stink tanks these
lunatics crazy right Richard Pearl and uh all these crazy crazy crazy William Crystal and Paul
Wolfowitz of course goes without saying they had to take Paul Wolfowitz and Henry Kissinger and
fry him right on the CBS TV news the night that to what's in there make sure they view that bitch
Howard Dean 162 I don't care 135 Barack Obama 104 Hillary 93 John Edward 79 Joe Biden he
just Biden's time 70 he talks through his ass he's very articulate very glib but he talks a lot of
crap Elliott Spitzer there's the man only 36 who's that they're saying who that I hate this
Paul only 31 only 2.9% they love it Russ Feingall he passed John Kerry like he was laying out
prone position 27 for Russ and 23 it's only it's scary John Kerry only 23 votes 2.1% out of a
thousand and 48 pretty ways guys Neil Roger and a monster's the embarrasses is 5.60 Q.A.
Oh this is Pope John Paul Lind and if you ask me the only thing more fun than playing
grab ass with a Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour oh it was an archery of a way that became
the secret was in Joker in the light of the back gave your green hair really sets off your purple suit
it's actually plum but thank you Kate Crutheter Batman Mountain with Christian Bayola's Batman
and he fled her as the Joker I wish I knew how to quit you Joker I wish I knew how they get that
you tell it evolved off stately way manner just got a makeover holy queer ride Batman you and the
Joker should know how to make time passed down here in the back came well Robin we're just
still on King buddies right Joker don't worry boy one Derek there's enough room on that
bat ball for a bother that that man mountain you can fight crime but you can't fight your true
identity let's enter the battle be in the Gotham pride parade you know any network that would put
Richard Quest and Rickson's his only earn the same day that tells you how serious they are
about heavy CNN certainly not news network you guys suck although we do like Jeffrey Tubenla
now and the Susan candy on it she's our good pal she's our bud five six seven nobody with SBC
yet I'll tell you one person that you're going to gain tremendous respect if you don't have
already I'm just talking to you because you're the only one's going to watch the movie they'll give
these two movies to Josh because he might learn something you won't watch them would you watch
these he watched why we fight oh it's just gonna piss me off but you know yeah yeah yeah that's
that's all I get out of them all angered up no but listen you will learn something in both of
these I'm telling you but anyway I was about to talk about Susan McDougal okay she had a humongous
pair man is really good in spite of her husband who was a little bit crazy person that literally
and figuratively and just caved in of course easily but she just told him no way Jose I'm not
gonna back up any stories about Clinton or anybody else and if you want to throw my ass and jail go
right ahead and she just let them run her ass through the ringer instead one of the few people in
the history I can think of a way she stood up for anything other than the prayers of the assembly
in school and the national anthem at the ballgame and of course the invocation to football game
in Jesus name Amen are they still doing that crap I don't know it goes past me I've never heard it
but well the dolphins are one of the few didn't we go through this last year yes we did yes we did
we were all the same as you well and you guys were full of crap try to tell me that the dolphins
don't have the invocation anymore and leave it to the hopper had to call in straighted on said that
they're one of a couple of teams that still do that crap and make the people stand up for some kind
of stupid ass prayer before the ballgame first it often they could use it you know what I mean
but anyway Susan McDougal is great and this boy this film is great the honey of the president
the 10 year campaign to destroy Bill Clinton almost as good though as the trouser Henry Kissinger
that that one if you want to get angry if you want to be foaming it to mouth that'll make you just
spit blood I don't know and speak in a spitting blood oh good god rich request how do they have any
are they hearing impaired over there it's in and visually impaired with his donkey teeth
and that heavy phony British accent and the donkey teeth he is disgusting he makes you want to
commit sausages or murder sb tc you know the original audience we got they couldn't come up with it
if for love or money even I came up with small balls to charge I like that not good that is good
what else could it be oh it could come up with some stuff maybe job at a row around well what
fancy wrote it some basic took the child there you go when she thought fancy were jumping
it was kidnapped some of the some bastards took child some bitch that could be it W.A.M. Hello
hey yes sir yes this one you were talking about the anniversary of Katrina yesterday on
his p.o. that we're showing I just threw it in I just turned in on the day anybody called you
and talked about it no the levies broke it by Spike Lee I saw a lot of time power yeah I was telling
about it it was it was it was very interesting you know and then you see it was you see
Bush Obama Brown you doing a good job Brownie I'm like see I'll talk again you feed a
fork for someone like that I got news for a man anybody that votes for him ought to be in
federal prison right now let the suits make duels of the world out and stick their ass in
there's what I said well no laugh and over the talking what do he say another the sucking oh
speaking lace pal I can't understand a damn thing you're saying speaking lace get some
tutoring go see that movie my tutor with what's the name addla pansy clown dummy Q.A.M. Hello
whatever happened to Olivia Newton John's boyfriend hey Neil yes sir
well he disappeared fast didn't he he did dummy Q.A.M. Hello I went on Jim dummy Q.A.M. Hello
you know George Alderman well one quick finger took care of all of those not good I sort
I know I've got a fingered out Mary Marty Lustre this isn't even lack Lustre he
represented 125th district which includes Ethic and New York as a Democrat and they are
state assembly from maybe eight to two thousand two a New York assemblyman he writes in the
Ethica Journal of All Places uncovering the Clinton disappointment it's about swillery Marty Lustre
as in Hillary is a little lack Lustre he says in 2000 I spent many evenings in some very cold
days campaigning for Hillary Clinton's election of the West Senate I believe then as I believe now
what aligns sounds familiar that senator Clinton had the makings of greatness I carefully
followed senator Clinton's performance in the Senate and during her first several years
enjoyed watching her play the expected role of a quiet freshman her votes were in keeping with
her campaign promises and her expectations for her political future were high however as those
of us who study history and politics know events beyond our control often have a way of disrupting
carefully planned agendas and blurring even the clearest divisions those events often call for
the abandonment of otherwise appropriate tentative and cautious approaches and instead require bold
and clear leadership it is here that senator Clinton has disappointed us absolutely correction
prime example is senator Clinton's failure to lead our her actions with regard to the Iraq war
instead of questioning the administrations discovery of the actions of evil and the president's
pre-established plan to invade a country with whom we were at peace to further his scheme of regime change in
Iraq senator Clinton along with most of the Congress speedily and without investigation of the facts
advocated its responsibility under constitution and granted broad authority to the executive to
commence and wage war in fact you know the one scene that stands out more than anything else in
why we fight is body birds saying they're in almost empty Senate chamber talking about the strange
irre silences we were brought to embark on his lunacy this madness he said you could hear a
pin drop and you could like that guy bobby bird that old bird to this day the senator insists that
knowing what we know now there were no wmds no connection between 9 11 and so on no purchase of
uranium by Iraq from these year no post invasion plan insufficient troop deployment
manipulation of intelligence findings to support the war a total lack of attention to our
understanding of the religious and political situation in Iraq and a childlike belief that there
would be is insignificant opposition in Iraq to our presence that more than 26 hundred American
soldiers have died in this war and that Iraqis are dying at the rate of 100 a day that's one
world trade center death toll every month and that our effort is cost us over 300 billion dollars
and that there's no end in sight that she still would have voted to authorize the invasion
instead of the bold leadership required by the president's insane compulsion to invade Iraq
senator Clinton took the easy way out instead of using those enormous talents she demonstrated
his first lady and on the campaign trail she followed the herd that's what I heard
unfortunately outside events once again a put the center to the test and again in my opinion
she has come up wanting as a Jew israel is very dear and important to me without question the
state of Israel has the right to resist and defend itself without question has been
all is acted without provocation imposed as a threat to Jewish and Arab Israelis alike however as
I expect my country the U.S. to demonstrate leadership in the world through policies that create
and maintain peace and assist in improving quality life for people around the globe so too do I
expect the nation that symbolizes my heritage israel to lead by example to love peace to respect
human life and when armed defense becomes necessary to undertake that task with caution care and
endorses measured to meet the need we expect more from those we love and that goes for nations as
well as individuals when the latest hostilities broke out in northern israel and southern Lebanon
I hope that senator Clinton would speak up for calm for four barrens and for caution instead she
said she supported whatever steps are necessary to defend israel we will stand with israel because
israel is standing for american values as well as israeli one she ironically added instead of
using her pulpit to call for an immediate ceasefire she once again fell in lockstep with the
busher administration to be politically expedient thing of backing both the u.s. and israeli policy of
using superior military force in a reckless fashion that has killed hundreds of innocent Lebanese
civilians over a thousand it is we can the Lebanese over 1300 we can the Lebanese government
and destroy the infrastructure that nation beyond repair in the lifetime of many people who live
there Jonathan Tassini is reing against senator Clinton the democratic primary is written
eloquently about israel under current war Tassini a jew whose father fought in the hagana the
Israeli underground in the war of independence and lived in israel for seven years and still has
extensive family there has said a true friend of israel not someone who simply sees votes would
understand that employing collective punishment against people in Lebanon only in bidders of population
possibly for generations and then even a short term military victory will be empty if it leaves
behind a shattered country for these and similar comments to see he has been vilified by the
Clinton campaign and her supporters with false accusations that he labeled israel as a terrorist
state and that his comments are beyond the pale i urge readers to examine his statement it's got
a link to it and compare his depth of understanding and his leadership to these shallow and predictable
comments of senator Clinton Hillary Clinton still has the makings of greatness because of that we
expect more from her than we've received well go to an understatement that is use of soxillary
bitch spcc some bitch took Clinton hey there you go i like that that's not very good that's
though i small balls take charge that's the clearance zero story don't forget our new line of
starts next money august 28 that's the end of the world in the islam account isn't it august 28 and
also that's the end of gilday i'll say that that's the end of hankin a morning all of these things
right and a bunch of other stuff maybe that's the end of our warring in ones in two the rest of the
m and maybe we have a good leader we can get those nines and tens again that we used to have
remember those days oh yeah probably it's past noon at five sixty w q a m we got Curtis
Stevenson at two there's a good guy for good old adelaide Stevenson man bald head divorced
couldn't win a fixed election well he was against ike man how can you how can you be the war
hero huh bless he was an egg haired Americans don't like egg heads they don't like intellectuals
you like guys like guys like hamish man like Jimmy Carter down home folk you know Jim mad is four to
six thirty marlins on decades is 30 marlins at a Washington nath 705 man you could hear you you
you'll be able to have your own section in that game in any case follows the baseball in fact if you
took the wins that the marlins have against the washed and that's in the Pittsburgh pirates out
of the standings the marlins would be sixty games under five hundred are pretty damn close to it
am i right jy 60 games under right if you took away the games that they beaten Washington
and oh yes yes they wouldn't be very big as they say in Finland off tourists twelve thirteen at five
sixty w q a m you know south Florida's got a lot of shoe stores there a lot of them to come and go
but there's one it's been there for years and years because they offer you folks and unbeatable
combination all the time that's selection of all the top brands like floor shine echo the
fist o rock port hush poppies new balance unbeatable prices all the time including specials every week
and friendly personal service to make sure your tutsies get a perfect fit fit for your feet every time
of course i'm talking about brandy's brandy's is the largest independent shoe retailer in all
a south Florida with unbeatable selection and value in fact go stop and see our friend Arnie
of brandy's will make sure every time you get the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right
price too you find brandy's at twelve nine north federal highway in poppies each right between
Atlantic and Copies on the east side and brandy's is open every day of the week for your shopping
and dancing pleasure Monday through Saturday till nine every Sunday till five lot of dancing going
on these days you know what's that and this week is a great time to buy a bell sound small business
simplifies your voice data and network experience so you can stay focused on your business
so when you're coming to save a ton of cash and get your feet all all gussied up nice or do
your shoe shopping right on their website at brandy's shoe at just two young
mr. Gore how you doing great thank you you're thinking of running for president in 2008 right
yeah uh-huh and earth to hell I am excited and stimulating oh you think so
hell have you ever drink in yaggermeister oh absolutely really and what happened
I began to see the future yeah so you see me running you over in the parking lot yeah
oh
how dare they drag the good name of the united states of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein
torture prison yeah I think maybe that's a good pull for you one day since we got Gore
screaming on there we got how we need screaming that would be good pull uh who's the biggest
screamer of them all that down the hard guy Howard Dean John Mark car I got him on there
freaky carloos right okay just a suggestion I'm not trying to like influence the you know your
pool material biggest screamer of mall senator chuck hangel says the GOP has lost its way rhymes with
gate how do you like that Republicans have lost their way when it comes to many core GOP
principles and maybe in jeopardy uh heading into the fall election center chuck hangel Republican
Nebraska says a possible presidential candidate in 2008 hangel said something the GOP today is a
very different party from the one when he first voted Republican first time I voted was in 1968
and top of a tank and a make wrong delto said hangel via non veteran yeah and he's proud of that
I voted a straight Republican ticket that means he voted for Nixon the reason I did is because I
believe in Republican philosophy of governance it's not what it used to be I don't think it's the
same today oh yeah good old tricky dick he's proud of that would you come up with that
hall the minute Mitchell and Erlockman and Dean and Chuck Colson all went to jail but somehow Henry
Kissinger who I think is do libren with glasses on how come Henry Kissinger walks free today even
though he's wanted for a murder all over the France that's really all over the world he has
ways he must have ways because every time I see him I say oh you've a take a last where is the
fifth responsibility of the party I joined in 68 whereas the international engagement of the party
I joined fair free trade individual responsibility not building a bigger government but building a
smaller government Iran conquer with Reagan all these other good right wingers his frustration
is not only leading them to think democrats offer a better option wait wait for you see the part
where Nixon and Kissinger are doing their thing to to kidnap and eventually was assassinated the
the head of the Chilean army because they had to get rid of Henry before they could get to
all yenday and they eventually didn't of course took a while yenday got elected but about
it being there he went we'll see him no more bye bye Salvador hegal hasn't decided whether he'll run
as president in 2008 he says I think republicans are going to be in some jeopardy for and will be
held accountable for losing their way but he liked that and the publicans have lost their way how
about their Kurds that too Kurds are having problems too man especially with those Turks North American
Union threatens you I sovereignly wait when you hear this I don't even know if I should read this
allude dogs told us all about it so why don't you what that North American Union
oh did it was he hockered about what I'm sure oh jumping up and down that's right that's right in
his a daily wish oh no everybody airwick uh maybe I don't know there you have buy that stuff I guess
but back in the day when it were accused to be that green nasty green slimy stuff oh yeah yeah and
you open the bottle you lift the wick up and it would eat it would release this stench into your
oh my at least airwick now makes fresh new they're like smells good stinks good you know uh-huh
like a fresh new stink good that old airwick with that I remember that as a child before your time
I'm sure sure somebody old fart I'm sure they don't even remember like a jelly inside of there
huh had like a jelly in there no it did not no that's the new airwick that's the thing you
have stuff in the gym oh you're talking about generation man you off thing in there I'm talking
about my generation oh yeah that's full-timers talking about my generation man the old
farts can I read this or not go for it by Alan Caruba who would play a hell of a
cheoeba in human events he says the problem with the Bush administration is that not enough of
its officials have read the U.S. Constitution take for example section two of article two when
dealing with four nations it says the president shall have the power buy and with the advice and
consider the Senate to make treaties provided two-thirds of the Senate president concur
so why is president Bush and his administration seeking to establish a North American union that
would in effect abolish the borders between Canada Mexico and the USA moreover would involve
our government and so many common regulatory mandates with these two nations as to render the
sovereignty of the U.S. a memory of what national self-governance is supposed to be the name of the
severed is called a security and prosperity partnership of North America SPP not SBTC but SPP
or can't say PP sorry Joyce and guess what has been submitted to the Senate for its oversight
or concurrence because by some magic of governmental definition it is not a treaty instead its
administration is buried in the balls of the Commerce Department it does have however the blessing
of the political and corporate elites of all three nations a visit to the SPP website says it
was launched in March of 2005 as a trial lateral effort to increase security and the handspot
security among the U.S. Canada and Mexico through greater cooperation information sharing it is an
attack on American sovereignty and the smoothest and most soothing writing you'll find anywhere the
website spells out the wonders of SPP they include the North American competitiveness council the
North American Energy Security Initiative the North American Energy Management Plan and plans
for smart secure borders and right now there are working groups whose purpose is to improve productivity
reduce the cost of trade and enhance the quality of life and if you like snake oil permit SPP to
sell it to you by the barrel but the box car and by the tanker as well the SPP didn't start out as
an idea the presence of the three nations started kicking around March 23rd 2005 in Waco Texas but
it became the official policy of the U.S. at a special summit convened by Bush and joined by
then-Mexican president of Ascente Fox and Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin like so many really bad
foreign policy concepts SPP Osant's origins to the council on foreign relations the anxious CFR
in this case CFR's task force on North America it's report building a North American community
envisions the elimination of U.S. borders in just five years like termite eating with the sovereignty
of the U.S. this grandiose scheme is a major threat to American security and prosperity the
Marcus the Marxist major Domo of this task force is Professor Robert Pastor who told the
Santa Form Relations Committee the best way to secure the U.S. today is not that our two borders
with Mexico and Canada but at the borders of North America as a whole oh yeah this surely explains
why Mexico is doing such a great job of stopping the drugs muggers or the one million Mexicans
each year consider the U.S. border a mere friction in their pursuit of jobs president Bush keep
selling us Americans won't take this is pure bunk and dangerous bunk at that I mentioned Ludobs was
foaming at the mouth over that you should have seen it Alan Perubel was on the say I have many
Canadian friends but it seems to me the Canada took too long to discover had some fanatical
Muslims missed who were plotting terrible things frankly I want to cooperate I want us to
cooperate against the economy me but I don't want a place to be responsibility for America's
security in anyone's hands but our own a North American Union promises not only security says SPP
but prosperity too without SPP however the three nations already do more than 800 billion dollars
in trilateral trade surely the U.S. needs Mexico's help to improve our economy as the economist
Robert Samuelson noticed in a June column the subtext for the U.S. immigration debate is Mexico
why doesn't its economy grow faster creating more jobs and higher living standards the answer
that had to do to that has something to do with the economic or the endemic corruption that
infests all levels of Mexico's governmental and business sectors something is very wrong when
Mexico's economy must literally depend on the billions its illegal aliens and home from the U.S.A
kind of sounds like the everything that happens insistently and in most of Italy
unbelievable everything even the soccer games are fixed how do you like that I don't I don't want
to cast no aspersions on those to see yummy but the fact of the matter is even made even their
noses are crooked how do you like that wow it's just a coincidence now that you mention it yeah
just stop and think about it okay talk about your nose out of joint makes me think of my old good
friend my or lansky on the beach the streets of Emily Jewish Miami Beach lansky became an elder
statesman a living legend the most pious views in the world the Miami Beach like the holiest
people to whom God is everything even God wasn't close to my or lansky so they saw my
lansky forget about God this was God used to worship and follow him look at it if you walk down
the street they will talk about how slow you walked how fast that he had a dog a cow a horse
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.16 Q.A.M
e
3
3
Oh
and
We need to make sure we want to get there, kids.
We put the fun and put the metal in.
We're ready to deliver to the poor kids, you.
With your choice, you'll see a point is you.
We need them down to the survival show.
There's hardly a million heroin friends.
And we'll be the slam.
We're just gonna call the way you're born.
Go to hell, we'll die.
We're just gonna call the way you're born.
I'll be going to the red.
23, 27, 1 o'clock.
Dumber than a box of rocks as your president.
By the way, I've seen it part two of the spiky thing
on Katrina's under nine.
I just mentioned that in passing.
You can tell me about that before the show.
The good news is you don't really see him.
At least I didn't.
It's just interviews with people and clips of the news
and the events that took place.
And a lot of the first fights, Jones, myself.
And a lot of things that the news did not show you
because it was two unsavory people using language,
carcasses rotting.
And I can't even know if they're else in there.
I'll bring the spiky Jones and Pinkie Lee.
It's there. It's there.
Look, Pinkie Lee.
Anyway, spiky Lee presents a four-hour chronicle
recounting in this, what the caller was talking about
before we and silly started talking to mumbo jumbo.
About Katrina last night was acts one in two in acts three and four.
Nine o'clock tonight, HB.
Oh, okay.
Speaking of tremendous shows,
they're gonna be coming on your TV very, very soon.
And I say that very, very sarcastically.
And upcoming television special produced by a Christian broadcaster,
one of the worst hate mongers in the history of the human race,
that features conservative punitive and colder,
who may be the worst hate monger,
links Charles Darwin Adal Hitler, raw story is learned.
You see this?
No.
Darwin's deadly legacy, the chilling impact
of Darwin's theory of evolution,
coming this weekend to a pathetic TV channel near you.
Author and Christian broadcaster, Dr. D. James Kennedy,
connects the dots between Charles Darwin and Adal Hitler
and Darwin's deadly legacy,
a groundbreaking inquiry into Darwin's chilling social impact,
announced as a press release issued by the Coral Ridge Ministries,
where they have that big, big, gaudy edifice almost to the sky.
You've driven by it many a time, I'm sure.
I don't think I have, but I've seen it on TV.
Get out of here.
All right, bye.
Gonna go get some luck.
You never drove by the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church?
I don't know where it is.
I might have, because 80 million miles up into the sky,
makes the CN Tower look like a pup tent.
I've seen pictures of it.
The new television documentary,
you better get yourself in other parts of Broward
beside Hollywood.
I mean, it's not a lot of places in the town like that.
I don't know.
I don't pay attention.
All far.
Yeah, I'm on my way.
Get up there toward a pompano.
Oh yeah, well, we've got people there.
Hey, it's right.
That's right.
For Josh Lies.
I thought you would now let's see.
I can't keep track of you anyway.
You still living with your boyfriend?
What's wrong?
Josh, what's got a male roommate?
Now, the good news is,
a lot of people have roommates, buddy.
Josh and his male roommate live in separate,
they sleep in separate bedrooms.
They don't have bed.
Huh?
That's how normal people do it.
As opposed to Sam and Dean in the horrible show
that's supernaturally.
I got news for it.
If they were, if they wanted to bunk out here,
they could sleep in their own bed,
and might they could sleep on the floor.
Both of them in the tub.
Rub it up, dub.
Can I get back to this thing?
Well, I don't want to hear about Josh and his boyfriend.
The new television documentary,
here is, although Josh was something about
he watched the summer of Blue Jiggy,
and you know, it's interesting.
But of course, to show you,
I couldn't care less about the Blue Jigs,
even though I'm here most of the time,
because I don't care about baseball.
But when something is on an HD,
you do watch it,
even though ordinarily you might not.
Am I right?
Yes.
It's just amazing.
When something is on a high definition,
you're glued with it.
And then every now and then,
you'll accidentally find something.
For example, they had a really interesting show,
a couple nights ago, about Niagara Falls.
And about these guys that tried to make this
makeshift camera that was going to like,
to go over the falls.
And the whole thing was just amazing.
You had to be there.
And it was an HD.
And you felt like you were going right off the edge,
right after losing your acid falls to you.
Yeah, discovery HD is probably the best channel.
Yeah, absolutely.
And then there are PBS, too,
who got you in good crap.
It fits an HD, man.
I'm there.
Although I wish I'd been there a little bit later on,
to see the big countertoms between.
I wish I had to see him any heavy Yankeball
out of Tilly's hand, Lily.
Eli Lilly.
I wonder if Ted Lilly's got a pear-shaped ass, you know?
That would tell us a lot about why he's so bad
and can't get anybody out.
He really stinks.
And I was going on a $55 million for AJ Burnett.
And I was going to go out there, Blue Jays.
You guys are idiots.
Author and Christian Broadcaster,
Dr. D. James Kennedy, a real, real evil person,
an evil doer,
connects the dots between Charles Darwin and Adolf Hitler.
And Darwin's deadly legacy,
a groundbreaking inquiry into Darwin's
chilling social impact on us as a press release issued
by Crow Ridge Ministries,
the new TV documentary airs nationwide this weekend,
August 26th and 27th,
on the Crow Ridge Hour.
To put it simply,
no Darwin, no Hitler says Dr. Kennedy.
Hitler tried to speed up evolution
to help it along,
and millions suffered and died non-speakable ways because of it.
Let me put it this way to you, Dr. Kennedy.
No Dr. Kennedy, no James Dopson,
no Jerry Falwell, no Pat Robertson,
no religious nuts,
no Hayton murder in the world.
Ah, 14 scholars,
scientists and no pulp,
14 scholars, scientists and authors,
featured on the show,
outlined the grim consequences of Darwin's theory of evolution
and show how his theory fueled Hitler's ovens
according to the press release.
I bet you're just going to be glued to that, aren't you?
Sure.
Other participants include
from Darwin to Hitler author and California State University,
Modern European History Professor Richard Wichert,
along with Michael B. He,
who wrote Darwin's black box,
and is a permanently-setted source against evolution
and Coltrus's latest book,
of course, she's living proof that evolution doesn't exist.
In a recent study,
Media Matters argued that Coltrus end notes
were right for distortions and falsehoods.
Well, last part of respect,
that's for speciality,
that's for part and parcel.
Right.
This show basically is about the social-affected Darwinism
and shows this idea,
which is scientifically bankrupt,
has probably been responsible for more bloodshed
than anything else in the history of humanity,
one of the show's producers,
Jerry Nukham told WorldNet Daily.
By the way, how did you like in,
why we fight the thing about Truman?
Then the fact that he dropped the nukes on the jabs,
because he wanted to,
and he wanted to scare Stalin?
Sure, for work?
Yeah.
Worked like a charm.
Clip from the special can be seen at this link,
instead of link to it.
We keep hearing about gaps in the theory of evolution,
Coltrus says in the clip,
the whole theory is a gap.
Yeah.
And guess what you are,
and rhymes with gap.
That's what you are.
See, I think you're wrong,
because I think in the future,
there won't be two genders,
and she's living proof.
Oh, she's the old gender-bender.
She's the poor one.
She's the gender-bender.
In fact, just why she just bent over,
so we know stick her feet
where the moon don't shine.
Or just stick some moon shine up in there.
Couldn't hurt.
Ever see her and John Mark Harde together?
Same part.
Oh, it was a good point.
He's got a better attitude.
By far.
Coltrus carries on the theme
from her best-selling book released in June on 666,
which attacks liberalism as a godless religion.
I think Darwinism is popular as a story,
because it allows atheists not to have to explain
while we're here, Coltrus isn't as special.
There's no such thing as morality.
There's no such thing as our consciousness of our own morality,
where about one step above of a purpose, Coltrus,
or ads, all the many of them seem to believe
we're below a purpose because we have nooks,
and we pollute, and we hate crimes, and don't recycle.
We have hate crimes.
I say we're several steps below a purpose.
I'm saying that on purpose.
How about below a dolphin?
Coltrus has been widely criticized for attacks on,
as Scrooan used to be into that.
Dolphins?
Being below dolphins.
Coltrus has been widely criticized for attacks
and Darwin's theory of evolution,
which he called one night of a Scientology
and Scientific Ritter in her book.
What's annoying about Coltrus is that he insistently
demands evidence for evolution, none of which he'll ever accept,
but requires not a shred of evidence for alternative hypothesis
for Professor Jury Coyne from the University of Chicago
with the Department of Ecology and Evolution in a recent book review.
According to the ministry's website, the Coral Ridge Hour
airs on more than 400 stations, four cable networks,
and to 165 nations on the Armed Forces Network,
and is the third most widely syndicated weekly Christian television program.
The show also runs on zone Foxone TV stations as a paid program.
Christian Coral Ridge Ministry's threefold mission is to be evangelized,
nurture Christian growth and biblical instruction,
and reform American culture by applying the truth of Scripture to all life,
including civic affairs reads the above page at the ministry's website.
I guess they left out the part about spreading hate and intolerance.
Right, which they do best.
That's the specialty, man.
Spreading hate and intolerance.
And of course, being in bed with a sick bitch like that,
like her, and of course, isn't interested in it.
She and Ms. Fajar best of buddies.
I wonder what position Lynn Samuel's takes in that,
a whole deal, huh?
Pivot, she's the pivot man.
Is she the pivot guy?
Kenneth Smas macho, baby.
Janorino Lynn Samuel's and co-man coder.
Who might I leave him out?
I'll leave out Janorino?
John Card.
Oh, he's not even in the mix, is they say?
He's not even in the mix.
In fact, I got news for even Tom Mix was more much of than he was.
1242 at 560 W.Q.A.M.
No, nobody's got the SPTC, man.
He's just the usual bunch of assorted mutt-davit, huh?
He must have been having a really healthy good summer run these days.
Oh, yes, exactly.
Hey, let me tell you, going back to school can be a little rough on the kids in a good night's sleep
as critical for the development of healthy minds, or even marginal minds.
If your kids are having trouble adjusting to school night bed time,
it just might be that they're sleeping on a lousy mattress, man.
They're tossing and churning and humping and bumping.
Anyway, called Donald mattress, toll free at 1-800-MATRUS,
Donald mattress can recommend a mattress for kids of any age.
Have a new bed delivered at eight in time.
You choose seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Just give Donald a mattress any tour window and they'll deliver your mattress,
even the same day that you call, like noon to two,
one to three whatever is convenient when your ass is going to be home,
and they show up on time.
Call 1-800-MATRUS right now and get the best selection at the best unbeatable prices of CLE,
CERTA Simmons King Coral, temperpidic and sternum and foster.
I've been using them for years.
It's the easiest and the smartest piece of shopping,
no wasting expensive gas, no getting all slept,
worked up to a frantic frenzy in a tremendous heat and humidity.
All you do is sit there on your fan and make one easy call.
Or you can go online too and check it all out at mattress.com.
Better yet, pick up the phone right now and call Donald.
I'm Chris. You can be sleeping on that new bed as soon as tonight.
Call 1-800-MATRUS MATTRES,
leave off the last as because it stands for sales hole sarner.
This is Neil Roger.
Oh, this is 5.62-A-S.
Am I Junior, honey?
The other new Christian have came.
George Bush is our Christad King.
We are right out in the Ritmak Womps.
Praise to the hourbrings of darkness.
To sacrifice, we must ingest.
The body and blood of full will splash.
Bush is Lord and Divorra's life, which are in the highest.
He says, Lord, Divorra's life, is out in the highest.
He says, Lord, Divorra's life, is out in the highest.
He says, Lord, Divorra's life, is out in the highest.
He says, Lord, Divorra's life, is out in the highest.
I'm dying on the hand.
How's that pool coming?
Who should the Democrats run for president in 2008?
I realize two years, how are we going to survive two years?
I don't know.
Carefully.
Here's the big news.
Here's the bulletin.
Hold on, I have a big bulletin.
There's something missing.
So the prosecutor and the Boulder must have something up her sleeve.
She must have a real ace card to play.
What do you think?
I think that what happened here in the AC is that somebody...
The SBTC, maybe...
The investigation was going on.
I think that the Boulder D.A.'s office was gathering its evidence.
They were gathering up Mr. Carr.
They were getting ready to...
Is that like gathering trust notes?
You should end up doing it the way most investigations have done.
Even if it's gathering notes.
Media screwed me.
Someone chipped the media and then there was a hastily called press conference.
Small balls take charge.
This was not a press conference that said, we got on there.
This was a press conference that said, hang on it.
We should be arrest one because of the guy...
I don't think he needs this exchange operation.
I did not tell you that the first time I've seen him there on the day...
Yes, you did.
On me.
You can spot him.
You're out of that.
No, I said, I don't think he's got a f***.
I don't know how they got the three kids.
Oh, and also, how come we're not hearing more about the delivery of the twins who died at birth?
You know who delivered the twins?
No, you passed.
He did.
Oh.
Oh.
And they died at birth, I say.
Uh-huh.
And we're hearing very little about that.
But I'm sure we'll hear lots more.
More than you could ever imagine.
More than you could ever want.
More than anybody could ever want.
Because this is norm early now.
If somebody took the...
I wonder if he's came to early win.
It's impossible at this point to conduct the investigation in a clandestine fashion to
assume that she would not have arrested the man but...
1151 votes on the pool.
What was this pool had to do with John Bane and John Mark Carren, the Passy and the...
Don't be a Passy man like the Harvey Oswald.
Just a Passy.
Right.
Who should the Democrats run in 2008?
Not who do you like?
Not who can win.
But who should they run?
Which I guess means who can win.
Al Gore 319 winning in a glanslide.
Howard Dean 1171.
Couple of screamers.
I don't care 139.
12% of you don't care enough to send your very best.
Well, I'll post to you.
Okay.
Just like I said to the beast.
Barack Obama 117.
Hillary 105.
By the way, that's a raspberry in case you're not...
That's my fruit as opposed to a strawberry.
Right.
Hillary 105 as opposed to a poisonberry.
John Edwards 88.
Joe Biden 74.
Russ Finegold 42.
What I tell you about him, passing John Currie.
Not even close.
He even passed Elliot Spitzer, the other Jew boy on there.
Elliot Spitzer 37.
I hit this poll 34.
2.9%.
And John Currie, in fact, the last time we did the CLS,
came in diddle last.
They distant last.
Distant last.
How do you like that?
That's a lot of love.
An amazing part of it is he won the 2004 election.
Only they juice up the votes in Ohio.
Currie 26.
Maybe it's...
Well, no, I was going to say it.
Maybe it's just a vote.
It's not just as well.
Even if Mortimer snored would have been run into it,
would have been improvement over what we got now.
Pop had Clinton look or we got kids.
Pop had Al Gore look or we got.
Oh, Dick Cheney.
Good God.
With his lesbian daughter Mary, by the way,
I just mentioned it in passing.
Nothing's there's anything wrong with that.
You're fairie.
Check out the look, Lebanese.
Frank Rich, no relation to fat rich, rest in peace.
In New York Times, writes five years after 9-11,
fear finally strikes out.
The results are in for the White House's latest efforts
to exploit terrorism for political gain.
The era of Americans fearing fear itself is over.
In each poll released since the falling
of the Transatlantic Terror Plot,
Gallup Newsweek, CBS, I'd be Pew.
George W. Bush's approval rate remains stuck in the 30s.
BOTS 30, man!
Justice has been with a little let up
as in the year since Katrina stripped the last remaining
fig leaf of credibility from his presidency.
While the new Middle East promised by Condi,
writes remains a delusion.
The death rattle of the domestic political order
we've lived with since 9-11 can be thought everywhere.
In Americans, unhistorical reactions to the terror plot.
In politicians and puppets hysterical overreact
to Joe Lieberman's defeat in Connecticut,
even in the Ho-Hombs Box Office reaction
to Oliver Stone's World Trade Center.
It's not as if the White House didn't put all the stops
to move the terror plot to further its politics of fear.
One self-congratulatory presidential photo op was out
of the National Counterterrorism Center,
a dead ringer for the set in 24.
But Mr. Bush's Jack Bowers no more persuasive
than his Tom Cruise of Top Gun.
By crying wolf about terrorism way too often,
usually when a distraction is needed from bad news in Iraq,
he and his administration have long since become comedy fodder
and not just on the daily show.
June's scenario was particularly choice.
As Baghdad imploded, Albert O'Gonzala's breathlessly
unmasked Amami Terrisale plotting a full-ground war
and the destruction of the serious tower,
even though the alleged cell had no concrete plans,
no contacts with terrorist networks,
no equipment including boots.
While makes the four of London Pakistan
thought seem more of a serious threat,
though not so serious as disrupted Tony Blair's vacation,
is that the British vouch for it,
not Attorney General Gonzalez and his Keystone cops.
This didn't stop Michael Churro from grabbing credit
in his promotional sprint through last Sunday's talk shows.
It was as if we had an opportunity to stop 9-11 before,
and actually it was carried out, he said,
insiduating himself into that royal weave.
But no matter how persistent is invocation of 9-11,
our Secretary of Homeland Security is too discredited
to impress a public that has been plenty disillusioned
since Karl Rhofer's exhibited the flag-rate
remains of a World Trade Center victim
in a 2004 campaign commercial.
We looked at Mr. Churro often, still see the man
who couldn't figure out what was happening in New Orleans
when the catastrophe was being broadcast
in real time on live TV.
No matter what the threat was at hand,
he can't get his story straight.
When he said last weekend that the 40 of London
plot revealed Al-Qaeda in this array
because it's been five years since they've been capable
of putting together something of this sort,
it didn't seem to realize that he was flatly contradicting
the Ashcroff Gonzalez claim for the gravity of all the Al-Qaeda plots
they'd boasted to stopping in those five years.
As recently as last October,
Mr. Bush himself announced a list of 10 grizzly four-of-plots
including one he later described as a Qaeda plan
ready to set into motion to fly a hijack plane
under the tallest building on the west coast.
Dick Chaney's credibility is also nil,
he'll always be the man who told us that Iraqis
would weed our troops as liberators
and that the insurgency was in last throes in May of last year.
His latest and predictable effort to exploit
terrorism for election year fear mongering,
arguing that Nidaleemans descent on Iraq gave comfort to Al-Qaeda types
has no traction because the public has long since untangled
the administration's bogus linkage between the Iraq war and Al-Qaeda.
That's why I have all the pull finding signs to it.
The most revealing was one of the CBS survey
while the percentage of Americans who chose terrorism
as our most important problem increased
in the immediate aftermath of the London plot,
terrorism still came in second and only 17% to Iraq at 28%.
The administration's constant referring that Iraq
is the central front in the war on terror is not only false,
but now is also backfired politically.
Only 9% of the CBS poll felt that our involvement in Iraq
was helping decrease terrorism.
As its fifth anniversary arrives,
9-11 itself has been dwarfed by the Mayhem in Iraq,
where more civilians are not killed per month than died in the attack on America.
The box office returns of World Trade Center
or a cultural sign of just how much America has moved on.
For all the debate about whether it was too soon
for such a Hollywood movie,
it did better in the northeast
where such concerns were most prevalent than in the rest of the country
where like United 93, it may have arrived too late.
Despite wild acclaim from conservatives
and an accompanying email campaign, World Trade Center
couldn't have drawn a step up,
a teen romance starring a former Evercrawby and Fitch model,
and playing on 500 fewer screens.
Mr. Lamont's victory in the Connecticut Democratic Senatorial primary
has been overhyped as Mr. Stone's movie.
As a bellwether of national politics,
one artist primary and one very blue state is nearly meaningless.
Mr. Lieberman starved again to waning Connecticut
well before Iraq became a defining issue,
is appropriating at home as mentioned by the Quinnipiac Polar
that fallen from 80% in 2000 to 51% in July of 2003,
and that was before his kamikaze presidential bid turned
joe mintem into a national joke.
The hyperbole that has greeted the Lamont victory in some quarters
is far more revealing than the victory itself.
In 2006, the tired rose strategy of equating
any Democratic politicians opposition to the Iraq War
with cut and run defeatism in the war in terror looks desperate.
The Republicans are protesting too much,
me thinks, a former Greenwich select man like Mr. Lamont
isn't easily slined as reincarnation of Abby Hoffman
or an ally of Osama bin Laden.
What Republicans really see Mr. Lieberman's loss is not
to defeat in the war on terror, but the specter of their own defeat.
Mr. Lamont is but a passing embodiment of a fixed truth.
Most Americans think the war in Iraq was a mistake
and want some plan for a measured withdrawal.
That truth would prevail even if Lamont had lost.
A similar panic can be found among the wave of pundits
some of them self-proclaimed liberals,
who have to practically fret that Mr. Lamont's victory signals
the hijacking of the Democratic Party by the far left,
here represented by virulent bloggers,
and a prospective replay of its electoral apocalypse of 1972.
Whatever their political affiliation,
almost all of these commentators suffer from the same syndrome,
they supported the Iraq War under a few exceptions
mainly at the Wall Street Journal and the Wiggly Standard,
are now embarrassed that they did.
Desperate to assert their moral superiority
after misjudging a major issue of our time,
they lockedily declared that anyone who shares Mr. Lamont's
pronounced opposition to the Iraq War is not really serious
about the war against the Gihadists who attacked us on 9-11.
That's just another version of the Chinese Libra Mineragumin
and its hogwash.
Most of the 60% of Americans who oppose the war in Iraq
also want to win the war against Al-Qaeda and its metastasizing allies.
That's one major reason they don't want America bogged down in Iraq.
Mr. Lamont's public statements put him in that camp as well,
which is why those smirring him,
reserved to the cheap trick of setting his leftist great uncle,
the socialist Coralist Lamont,
were fairly in a mix in it as far as the Republican who served
in the next administration.
Mr. Libra Miner, everybody partisan,
has accused Mr. Lamont of being both a clasped Republican and a radical.
These commentators are no more adept at reading the long-term
implications of the Connecticut primary than the worst seeing-through
blatant White House propaganda about Sodom's mushroom clouds.
Their generalizations about the blogosphere are overheated,
the shrewless left-wing voices on the Internet are no more representative
of the whole than those of the far right.
This country remains a country of the center,
and opposition to the war in Iraq is now the center,
and if you listen to Chuck Hagel and George Will,
among other neo-conservatives, even the center right.
As the election campaign quickens genuine nightmares,
may well you strip the last gasps of robin fear-based politics,
it's hard to ignore the tragic reality that American troops
are caught on the crossfire of a sectarian bloodbath escalating every day,
that botched American policy as strength in Iran and Hezbollah
and undermined Israel, and that the Department of Homeland Security
is ill-equipped not of prevent explosives,
liquid or otherwise, and cargo as it was in 9-11.
For those who've resided over this debacle and must face the voters in November,
this is far scarier stuff than a full terrorist cell,
nasty bloggers and Edelamont combined.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
6.2006, that would be an important date to determine whether or not
the war has been picked up by the state of Colorado.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for the feedback.
There's the expedition here, Ejon Markar.
Aren't you excited?
Oh, yeah, I'm excited.
He's been ordered extra-rated to Boulder.
And what they're going to do is drop a huge border,
and write on his pear-shaped ass.
And there he goes, he's got a suit on, looking really snug.
He's got a pear-shaped ass.
We got out, and it's got the route.
And when I'm up in Belkettika, slapping all the women with pinks and lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers,
I earned balance one to two hours.
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well Ro- like dog,istic dog,istic dog,istic dog Oh, the dog Kings and lions,elyn Jeff Moses Only Creed,ésus, interim fica diある po wonder Que le of Truth,
Now the time to put the barrel of a certain part of you
Have it in there, boy!
Show this oil barrel right where the sun don't shine
Got us over a barrel, but we got a new thing in mind
We'll fill our own barrels
With what we grow on our land
And we don't need your barrels
You can all go pound sand
Reckon 145, only 15 away from Curtis Stevenson and very important sports craft
Iran rejected a deal on its Iranian Minerate Program back by the U.S. and other global powers today
But its rejection was not outright
In spite of the rejection Iran has apparently offered a new formula to resolve the issue through negotiations
According to Ali Al Alam, the Iranian TV Channel Al Alam, they're on the land
And meanwhile, an Iranian news agency's report of the nation's supreme leader has lashed out
At U.S. President George W. Bush threatening to smash the arrogant powers
If huge powers become involved in the current nuclear standout
You got to love the foreign policy of this bunch, don't you?
Sure, what's the name?
Farce news agency closely affiliated with the Iranian Judiciary has quoted Ayatollah Khameini
Not to be confused with Ayatollah Khomeini, who croaked an early fall out of the plane when he were transporting his casket
Remember that?
Yeah
And actually the casket did fall out in the body
He's rolling down the runway
But Ayatollah Khameini is called on muslim leaders to join together to paralyze the U.S.
This person Bush speaks as if he were the master and owner of Lebanon, Palestine, Iraq, Syria, Iran and other Muslim states
But if the huge power of nations come to the scene as it happened in Lebanon, it will smash the arrogant powers so badly
That the enemies of Islam will no longer be able to continue with their rude and arrogant behavior
Said Ayatollah Khameini while addressing a public meeting on Tuesday
Also attended by the heads of the three branches of government, the Expeediancy Council chairman
The state and military officials and a partridge in a pair of three
And by the way, most of the food was trief
He said that the world-hedramatic powers had pinned much hope into former dictator of Iran, meaning the Shah
And he reminded him, but Imam Khomeini provided a huge service for this nation and brought Iranians to the scene
A bunch of Getskis
If the same pattern of vigilance takes place in all these Islamic states and muslim nations come to the scene
The U.S. and other arrogant powers of the world will be paralyzed in the face of the huge power of nations
Remember what I told you about most of the decade about the Shah of Iran, about all these and the sovakh
They used to pull out people's fingernails
The worst torturers and butchers even maybe worse than the Tantan Makoot
You know that old koot?
Yeah, I know it. Oh, she's on again
And whichever it is, all the way from the county jail, we're told that it's about a half hour drive
So we would probably be able to get some aerial shots of that vehicle that he brings
And the ability of being transported from there he would be taken to Los Angeles, between the airport
You wonder why the public's minded like I was talking about before, why most people are like, like that in America?
Like that?
And of course the brits they got Richard Quest, they put on CNN International in the new now
Or just to show you how silly they are with his donkey teeth
That's why it turned over to MSNBC, I will not watch Richard Quest, under any circumstances
If you thought the sight of New Orleans flooded to the eaves, its people trapped in antics are cowering on rooftops
So as the nightmare heard, I better reach over and shut this up. Shut off that monitor
Why, I should have done it a long time ago
And if we have any reasonable calls today, maybe one or two, huh?
You know, I don't remember the sovakhs
We call any that we're like, you know, we couldn't live without, I don't know
Although I do like that one segment there where we had like the whole Russian and all of a sudden
But yeah, a flick of the finger man, they all like vanished
But I want you to forget it
And of course their motto being, I have no life
If you thought the sight of New Orleans flooded to the eaves, its people trapped in antics are cowering on rooftops
Was the nightmare hurricane scenario, think again
And guess who is passing this information along to us?
I give you a clue, Hurricane Center, inarticulate, old, funny, dutty
Max Mayfield, oh that one
I wonder if he's kind of Curtis Mayfield
You're right there, the National Hurricane Center says there's plenty of potential for a storm worse than Hurricane Katrina
Which killed 1339 people on the West Coast and cost some $80 billion in damaged landstores
And most of the people, by the way, are not back in their homes
And they're still wandering around like a bunch of uh, refuies
People, oh, Curtis Mayfield, alright
People think we have seen the worst we have as Mayfield toward voters and interview with the fortress like Hurricane Center
In Miami
I think the day is coming, you said I think eventually we're going to have a very powerful hurricane in a major metropolitan area
Worse than what we saw in Katrina and it's going to be a mega disaster with lots of lost lives
Not if we can put Brownie Brown back in charge again
If we can get him off those Arabian horses' asses
I don't know whether that's going to be this year or five years from now or a hundred years from now
But as long as we continue to develop the coastline like we are, we're setting up for disaster said old Max
Mad Max
If I remember back during Katrina probably the most important thing that anybody said to Max
Don't stop us at Max
Looking back nearly a year to the costliest natural disaster in US history
And the third worst hurricane in terms of American lives lost
Mayfield said Katrina itself could have been a greater disaster
More than two days before it struck the Gulf Coast
It had printed the Hurricane Center for the future track accurately
And warned it could become a powerful cat-four on the Safar Simpson scale of hurricane intensity
New Orleans was squarely in the danger zone and emergency managers and residents had plenty of time to prepare
One of my greatest fears is having people go to bed at night prepared for a cat-one and waking up to a Katrina Andrew
He said, one of these days it's going to happen
The worst case to a hurricane scenario may feel has many in mind a stronger hurricane closer to New Orleans
A direct hit in the vulnerable Galveston Houston area
I can just hear Glenn Campbell singing out, can't you?
Hey Glenn, what's up?
The fragile fluid of keys are heavily populated by me for a lot of deals
Oh my God!
Or how about a major hurricane raising up the East Coast of New York, New Jersey area, with its millions of people and billions of dollars of pricey real estate?
One of the highest dorm surges possible anywhere in the country is where Long Island Juts out in re-Write angles to be Jersey Coast
They can get 25 to 30 feet of storm surge
About 30 men!
Even going up the Hudson River Mayfield center
The subways are going to flood some people might think how to go into the subways and I'll be safe
No, they're going to flood if this happens, he said
Mayfield is silver here at 34-year veteran who just turned 110 of the hurricane center who became its public face in 2000
Is a tireless campaign if we're hurricane preparation
If he's the public face of the hurricane center, does that make John Carcay, whatever his name is?
Does that make him the public ass?
The public peer test?
I am embarrassed, man.
Oh, it's starting to be embarrassing things.
I'm sure you discussed this at length Monday, not.
From a federal judge in Miami Monday dismissed the lead terror count against Jose Padilla, who used to be Jose Padilla,
the U.S. citizen once identified as a dirty bomb suspect and detained his enemy combatant, you dirty rat, with your dirty bomb.
And they like that.
I had not heard that.
U.S. District Judge Marsha Cook said in a written opinion that the charge can spurously demurder kidnapped and mean persons in a foreign country.
Duplicated other counts in federal grand jury and that would hand it down last year.
An indictment is multiplicity when it charges a single offense multiple times in separate counts, you wrote,
as charged she added the indictment exposes Padilla and is co-defendants to multiple punishments for a single crime.
The indictment cooks as alleges and one and only one conspiracy in some of the facts are realigned each of the consecutive counts.
The two remaining counts are conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and providing material support to terrorists.
He's treated not guilty of the indictment trial schedule for the next year.
Poor Jose Padilla Padilla.
I mean, when you got a guy you can't even, you don't even know what his name is.
And there is a kettle coffee again.
They were the scarlet of mime in the background.
Tendle, let me start with you because one of the things that the government has caught on that court room is outside by lawyers who spoke in his their concern about
who's tanting a juryful.
We don't know who his lawyer is going to be in the scandal when he gets back to Colorado.
But how worried are you?
How's he doing?
How's he doing?
Tanting the juryful or being able to control the way the picture of John Markhart gets out to the public?
Well, it's a huge issue and immediate concern.
And one of the first things the lawyer is going to do is, is, isn't he?
Look like Bella LaGosia.
Look, I'm strange lighting on him.
Like they want to make him look like he's in, you know what they musin in park where they have those bizarre mirrors where you're looking in this place.
Yeah, it's all under the front house.
He's in the front house.
He's in the back house.
He's in the back house.
He's coming into place.
That's like having a couple of coffee in the front house.
Okay, well, you know something?
I think we accomplished miracles here today, and especially they found out about...
No!
No, not about that.
No!
...or having that book coming out.
Aren't you going to be reading that from the cover of the cover?
Well, I was going to hope you'd read it to me.
No, I'm not going to be reading on the ear.
In fact, one of the most important things in her book is going to be...
Hi!
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA Am.
It's Dan Ho!
It's Miami Town.
It's the loser at 560 WQA Am.
People all over the world are losing their damn money.
That's it.
I get knocked out of a low-man's grasp.
Enemy bombers approaching.
Flash dealers, open fire!
We got veterans.
We got bombers.
Warning, warning.
On trackers and martyrs.
We got profits.
High gas prices.
They're going up by six steps.
Infravis explosive devices.
Enemy world just does not get what it's all for.
Of course, you know, this is who's war.
I love this war.
There's trouble from roughness to fight with our fists.
Go home!
Alibur.
Money, money, money.
Reducing a fusion.
Friar crazy or something.
Way more fun than Vietnam.
We got ours.
We got voters.
Do you think people will vote for me?
Yes.
We're still angry to notice.
Everyone else will be dead and poor.
Find your money to match us.
We're all gonna die.
I love this war.
Bye bye bye!
