Party that's what I'm talking about
Nobody cares. So why would you start with a hockey thing anyway? We got this man a hockey thing
It's a gambling thing get out. That's right. That's your I forgot that's your business. Sorry. Yeah, it was a gambling thing
How about that though? What we wait wait wait, rescue's wife is betting football seems like a lot of guys wives are in deep due to these days
No, I don't know or we're not talking about that talking about what who can
It's thing I just got back off a plane. I have no idea what you're talking about in here
We're not we're not talking about the man. It's just a situation with his wife and his kid in the bar
Oh boys will be boys. Oh
Yeah, especially his boys
I
Really I didn't hear anything about it until halfway through the show somebody called me and said this is what happened
Well, I'll tell you one thing
It must be a really big story because nobody anywhere has written one word about it. So
Now one of those little bar room things that happens and somebody made some unfettering comment about the wife and the kids took
Except into it and being the ill-bred people that they are they are got into a big bra
Whatever I would say good for the kid well, it all depends on the circumstances, you know
Maybe I don't know what he was said. I don't know what he was doing. I would do you weren't there during the daytime
We were working at night. Oh, I remember those kids. Oh boy, but those kids have grown up
Okay, don't tie down man. They were on top of it. They were drawing it. They were rough little kids
Wow, what they grew up okay. No, I heard they grew up big. They came to I get it but they are pretty much the same
But but I don't know
That's not sure that Mr. Maddox will talk about this afternoon. He'll he'll have the inside dope. Oh my god
He'll have the stuff
So what was the story
That's what somebody said something and solving the general wife. They were there were waiting online outside of
Some bar some established now. I don't know. I've heard 16 different conflicting stories and some Jack asked made some unfettering comment about
Mrs. Mandage and with the son took exception to it and got into a thing and the Mrs. Mandage and the son were arrested
For disorderly conduct some says I don't know
See I'm just I have as much information as you do or less. Yeah, I was traveling yesterday
So I wasn't told over there. I'm not talking about it. I know there is nobody's coming this morning in the try to provoke an
Angiote which seems to be his new idea now nobody said anything
Well, they want to create something wrong. I guess that's his new deal now. No nobody has said don't talk about it
Oh
It's kind of hard to talk about it the way you don't know to I don't know anything
I
Wouldn't be a new one talk radio
I mean there's a lot of people talking about stuff. They know nothing about some people like your friend Cody who wrote yesterday that the ratings were off from a Super Bowl
Yeah, they were the highest rating of any television show since you're two thousand
He know he look he's never going to be the same again anyway. I
Took I took care of him a single handedly that you did I
Was asked about that situation and I said don't worry about it. I took care of it
You know sometimes you have to take care of matters of your soul. Hey, sometimes you got to find a wartime
Consuliere and that's correct and we don't have one so I took care of matters myself and we trashed them just annihilated them and
Cody says oh well, we didn't respect it to get all we were doing just suppose I don't know see anything weird about it
Except for that email that Alan Brown sent out. I don't want to get to start an Alan down low life
See I don't know who some of these people are so I don't have the advantage that you've got I
Just know a guy who hired him to do a project for him and got shafted pretty good really yes, huh?
Careful now that's as far as I'm going with it. Oh
Not downtown this way. He just didn't get his money's worth
He was promised some things were gonna happen like the guys across the street
They're not getting their money's worth either evidently, but that's probably some things were gonna happen in the event that never happened
I'm curious is Cody on the payroll over there. Amen must be in the Harold
Yeah, huh at the Harold. Yeah, that's dubious too. I'm talking about across the street. I
Don't think so. I don't think he goes on there to be the singing sports theory just just for the fun of it
Oh, maybe he's got that kind of an ego. I don't know
I don't know a lot of Harold guys shows show up over there for I guess time to time
Well, he and love it hard used to do that stuff on ESPN radio
Maybe there's something on and very little sack besides a baloney sandwich everything and a little brown bag
You know what I heard one day he opened it up and it was a story and airy threw it away
Poor Barry poor the poor Harold, you know although Kevin Baxter called me yesterday
And we spent a half hour on the phone is gonna write a piece about my 30th anniversary coming up in three weeks
Oh, I didn't know that yeah in South Florida that is I know I know it's not good man 30 years
Wow
Your buddy at the sunset and low he's probably still in California getting wind and dying
So I'm sure I'm not gonna be hearing from them and that's fine with me. I
Don't know haven't seen him lately. Yeah, he's out there getting wind and dying
Plus he doesn't write about radio anyway, so I would he want to write about something as insignificant as that who does write about radio and nobody
Nobody once in a great while now we have a column about Spanish language radio and that pretty much typifies what South Florida's all about
But it's not sent no
Yeah, and either paper yes
There's nobody who writes a regular radio column in a town the the the only place you'll ever read anything about radio is in either
Sarni's column or very jackass. That's always sports radio. So that leaves me out entirely
And that's the pretty sad commentary and if I was on any of the other stations
I'd be pretty pioed about it because let's face it. There's only two stations doing sports and then you know eight million other ones
Very sad
Oh, well Detroit was okay
Yeah, they didn't do a badge. Oh, that was the other thing he wrote in his column yesterday that Detroit had bad food
There's a lot of good restaurants and Detroit is known for good food
He even though I haven't been there in years. I don't see why anybody's why that would change it
He's always had a lot of great restaurants. I went to two very good ones. I was there
So well now when you go to white castle
That's what you expect right? That's probably on his on his budget in the hero the audience are overcooked
Bad food in Detroit. What what a boy?
When idiot, you know such a jackass, but then again that South Florida man. It's a trap
You trapped with swill
That's why I told Kevin Baxter have this great this fantastic deal here. I don't have to be there
I can do the show like I was there, but I don't have to be there even during the hurricane
You know is tremendous advantage not being there I
Have to drive in there and risk my life every day and I could see everything was going on in the internet
And on TV it was great
In fact, I could actually done the show that day on the day that the hurricane Wilma the day it hit
And he said well, we'd have to bring somebody in here and jeopardize their life. Is it on that's okay? I'll go to Woodbyan's dead
Did we have our power up that old day?
Yeah, mm-hmm. Where's enough stuff?
They marked that down. Yeah, put that your diary
And that happened
So that was a pretty a smart-me game. I guess I haven't talked to you since the game was pretty smart
I mean officiating was just horrendous and as usual and just I don't know
Well, what did I tell you at the beginning of the season the NFL is a shadow what it used to be?
I don't know a lot of mediocre teams a lot of crappy officiating just just like in at the
Colts dealer game the guy spends 10 minutes looking at the replay and comes out and gives the wrong call and then they apologize the next day
Yeah, they apologize for this one. Do you know what a black mark that would be on the whole league if if
Broncosburg doesn't reach out and make their last second tackle to save that game
This thing. There's no need to wind up in a super bowl much less you know advancing beyond that week
That's right, and they league admits the next day. We made a mistake
Maybe if they would have lost again, they wouldn't have admitted they made a mistake. I forget the officials name but
You won't see him no more really. Yeah
He's right there with Paulie. We need red cash and back again. That's what we need cash
That's what we need
That wasn't much of a game really it was wow
And I still don't understand for life of me why madden just he kept insisting that they got to kick the field goal now and then do the
I was totally right
Yeah, but but the point is you didn't let me finish the point is that he said now they got to do it
There was 27 seconds left. I remember it like it was two minutes ago and he said okay now
They got and then they didn't do it and he never made any reference to it like just forget I said that you know
Like there was to embarrassing
Maybe he didn't want to embarrass cheesehead. He said it though
What he did say it didn't he no no not after that not not what they didn't do it
Oh, he said he said after this play they got to kick the field rule
I thought he was yeah, he said it two or three times. Yeah, and then they didn't do it
He just pretended he never said it
I don't know that I didn't want you to say it it said yeah, well that's true
It's like how you know like a BM you know once you let it out yet said coming back. That's right doesn't go to the hoop that's it
Yeah, I didn't know that you used the hoop
Maybe we can talk about that tomorrow. Okay
Oh, God, how was how was the telecast I couldn't hear it because I was in a crowded ballroom at seasons foul
I didn't watch the first half I was out here or I came back
I did watch the entire second half. I thought the telecast was okay boy it was a place to see it was packed
Yeah, I mean it was jam it was but uh and people were having a good time watching the game mostly
It's just gonna be a new stopping grounds here is now Detroit the beast has got a window. I'm not going back there ever again
Neither that makes too much why would I want to go there? I have no idea
I mean you sounded like you were kind of like a smitten would detroit like
What I thought they'd be gambling there and they did a good job on the game
They were gambling in a land of city there too, but who wants to go to that place? Oh, oh
Even I would not go there do I'll there you go. I've been there once and they'll never go back
I've been there a few times I get the places in my life that I walked out outside of a building
And ever felt fear I could like smell it in the LA LA was the first one many years ago
Yeah, and the second one is Atlantic City. Yep, you walk in it wasn't even outside of the building
I walked into park and garage to get my rent a car
And as I it was at late at night and as I walked through there I felt the feeling of terror
It just I don't know how to describe it, but I do I've been there
Please what a horrible pile. Oh, yeah, if you don't
Are the boardwalk is running, but if you go out the other door. Yeah forget about it. Yeah
And I don't know what he's at the beach. I mean the beast walking back from
Let me just see the hotel
I think anybody that would see him of any persuasion would be so terrified they'd run the other direction anyway
Yeah, he's scary looking nice a scary very scary guy. I love the black bag glossy
But Atlantic City is the only place ever been the casino where even inside the casino at scary
You're like in Vegas they make sure everything is like real proper and sparkling and
Kosher etc. But boy Atlantic City is a pretty smartly folks in there kind of reminds me of woodbind
Did you go there this weekend? Yes
Don't ask don't ask an I won't tell I keep telling the beast that that wheel of fortune dollars is there's no upside to it
You can't win it off. It's it's a guaranteed loser
Guaranteed loser you if there is no upside
So when we get when we get the slots in South Florida, of course nobody will listen to me because I know nothing
But when we get the slots play all the other stuff and let the suckers play wheel of fortune
It's very addictive and the spin comes up, you know, and makes all the sound
Let the idiots play that because there's no upside to it
You know once every six months somebody wins the 166 grand when you've got a trying to make a chance in hell
winning that and other than that
What are you gonna win? Where's the upside? You know what's before grand? You know one thing about gambling
I don't know if you find it this way when you were playing you know the trotters and and
Like but when you win at something one thing you can't win it to have the trots through hoops
And yeah, it never it never comes at the same time
You know a winning streak in two different gambling situations for example
I couldn't win at horses at all this best weekend. Yeah, I never lost at the blackjack table. Okay
Well, that's not bad to even you out. I don't I don't uh
I guess until we get the slots at the tracks there at poppano and the other joints
I'm not gonna know about that because I never and I never engaged in a twin gambling vices at the same time was always either or
Wow, look at who I'm looking at Brian Schutz
Yeah, he's back back. All right. All right
Excellent. Oh, back ride. Thank God. We got a really good sales guy in years around this place the first real sales guy legit
We've had an ed building in a very long time
Yeah
Well, we had to run a sales manager's that weren't the best. Yeah, you know, I'm talking about Curtis Raymond Burry. Okay
Uh, I was actually referring to the whole run of them starting with screw in your hair my face
Gonna start traction screw in again. You're gonna. I smell some special in the year
Yeah, yeah
Oh, that's what Roy said. I'll be careful. Please. Okay early in the year. It's only the eighth of February
You got a long way to go. Oh my gosh. I'll never make it. I don't have that far to the middle of June
Now that I'm thinking about it blood summer schedule starts
I look just don't on me just give me good inspiration for that
Well, listen, you have a great day. You think about start I get out with your travel agent right now and start playing the next trip to Detroit
I
Oh, yeah, I'm sure there's no problem getting a room now tell the beast if he loses too much gambling and wins
We can go back to the Mount Elliott subcission. I'll give him directions how to get there
I'll tell him I would say the highlight of your trip there was that Dick Burton came over and said hi
Yeah, he was very nice. He kept coming by and asking questions about you. Did he really? Yeah, well, he's a great guy
He can't understand he still cannot put together the fact that you're doing a radio show to hear from Toronto right
He just couldn't fathom it
And I said it's been going off for a long time and it's still successful
Well, why not? How about all the guys that are syndicated? They can't be sitting in ten different places at the same time
What doesn't matter where they are because they're syndicated? Well, that's what I'm saying
So you're kind of like a a pace setter in a way. Yeah, I'm pacing and you're trotting through my best
So I'll move to Detroit and do the show here you go hang from the trite next week from Motown
Excellent. See you bye
You manage I wonder if any of those writers that were calling or talk show hosts that were calling from around the country
Feel stupid having compared the Indianapolis Colts to a perfect season
I
Mean all that stuff or that dolphin had a weak schedule and our things just broke right this stat and the other
Happy horse manure. Well, I wonder what they're saying and thinking right now
Or do you not hear from again until the next team runs out 12 enough
She managed your sports authority weekdays from 47 on sports radio 560
Q am
Mr. Mary
For all of you who loved our pop-up white surveybees here's a new pop-up wipe just for adults
Hey, yes, white you talking to me. Yeah, I'm talking to you. What do you want?
And ask white you got one sure here you go
When you're on the go you don't always have time to wipe virally with toilet paper if at all
That's when you use new ass wipes the moist towel and the convenient pop-up container
Honey you're squirming in your chair. You didn't wipe properly did you? Well, I was so darn busy today
I just didn't have the time here. You need an ass wipe. I ever asked white
So especially formulated to handle even the most stubborn pico fiasco's and they're sent it to give you that fresh
Just white feeling say bill that ass wipe you let me today was a real lifesaver. I don't want it that fun
Understood good. Yeah, I was pitching that new client and I just couldn't stop hanging and scratching
In there but that ass wipe left me clean as a whistle and at minty fresh feeling gave me the confidence
I needed to land the account ass wipes available in your grocers things to wipe your butt with section holy fecal fiasco rat man
I haven't played that in so long. I've forgotten that great line. That's a fecal fiasco
So yeah, the great lines of all times. First of when you're doing business through hoops
That's right like mudboard maybe a hoops skirt
1013 at 560 wqm if Roger
Oh
That huge
He's got a lot of noise about me. I don't give a crack what that very has to say
What's the point?
I'll have you know
Every morning at the chando i think you elevated down and on my way to the car when i pulled my golden basket out I gave a three condo
The door is a back-and-towel
The door is a back-and-towel
The door is a back-and-towel
I said the door is a back-and-towel
Why you
I know everything that's going on in the news.
Why do I even know all the new Majon rules?
I picked it up to the judge.
Daddy, oh, no.
You guys are going back to the age.
It's a better show when I take this place.
I know I ain't no way play with you.
But when they drop my boys, we'll change.
You little smoothies and a bird.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
10, 19, and 5, 60.
What's that line of blockbuster?
There we got Geldie.
There he goes.
He's freaking it out.
He'll be squeaking along from 2 to 4.
And Eric Reed, the 3-footy segment,
talking through his teeth as he is want to do.
That's just the thing he does.
That's his bag.
He talks through his teeth.
It's 77 to 72.
And that's unfortunate because otherwise he'd be pretty good.
Mad Dog 4 to 630.
Everybody would be gathered around the radio
and hear the bedtime stories about Mrs. Mad Dog and the son.
And the ill-fated trip to Detroit.
There's another good reason not to go to Detroit.
Hurricane's warm up at 630.
Hurricane's at North Carolina State at the O'London campus
Bank United Center at 7 o'clock.
Anybody going to be attending that game?
Nobody's a, you know, would they need that on campus or read a badly,
man, so that nobody could show up.
And then 8K after Hurricane's basketball, Jonathan in plantation says,
you forgot these two on your pole.
Shawshank Redemption.
And, uh, cute.
Petty Boulzer.
Okay, whatever you say.
We put them on there.
We put them on there.
We're easy.
We put one on there.
Shawshank Redemption and the assassin.
Oh, I see.
No, they wouldn't understand that.
Oh, I get the joke, but that's what that was a real movie.
No, no, you don't understand.
That's the, can you read?
Can you have Josh read it to you?
About the notorious killers.
That was about the previous days, polls.
I think Peter, the assassin, bulldozer, qualifies.
I see.
As a killer.
Killer of people's lives and career stuff like that.
So, please, take the assassin off.
Whatever you guys are doing.
And also, maybe Eric could spell since that was my movie.
Imaginary heroes and I don't care if anybody likes it or not.
At least let's spell it right.
He's got like, homos, heroes, ATROS.
What kind of spelling is that?
And I looked on the sheet that I sent you, Eric.
And did I misspell it?
No, I know my hero's man.
I know my heroes and my homos.
We're up at the cramp.
And don't be calling an email.
Here's some kind of a little pansy either.
Oh, I won't call it little.
I don't know how tall he is.
Little.
622 votes on it.
No, wait a minute.
Am I out of order?
I'm out of order.
The whole courtroom's out of order.
The whole system's out of order.
That's what Al Pacino's screaming.
Afghan police have shot and killed several protesters trying to storm a US military base bringing
the debt tool from this way violent demonstrations over caricatures of the...
And by the way, this whole thing is contrived and being orchestrated by a bunch of lunatics that are just whipping up the extremist.
Right.
You don't hear that from the mainstream media because they're too busy talking about how insensitive it was and inappropriate for Jimmy Carter and Joseph Lowry to be making those comments at the...
Yeah, to hell with them, okay?
I'm pleased.
And there was the smirking chimps that right behind them there on a podium and sitting there and he's applauding while they're knocking him an ass.
Nice going, Jimmy.
Please, oblivious.
See, Jimmy Carter is figuring he was a really crappy president when he was in there.
So he might as well make up for it now in his old age before he crows.
Nice going, Jimmy.
He is with the vengeance.
Yeah.
What a joke, having this racist bastard sitting there, you know, he's giving his tax cuts to the rich and, you know, peeing on all those damn poor people down there in no-alienes and Louisiana and Mississippi and Alabama.
Hundreds of protesters hurled a rocks at police in the southern city of Calat on Wednesday.
It sounds like today.
Officers first firing in the year to try to clear the crowd but turn their guns on protesters is they try to attack the base.
They gave them a couple of those but are being...
But are being...
Reuters, code and police and medical officials are saying three people were killed and 20 others wounded.
I witness this to all CNN five people were killed, possibly including a police officer and similar cases elsewhere in Afghanistan, Monday and Tuesday, less seven people dead.
So we got at least 10 people dead now, or with some cartoon crap, a cartoon flat that they whipped up.
And if I have to see that faggot Andrew Sullivan on my TV again anytime soon with that other faggot Anderson pooper, Jesus God.
You wonder why you don't get the news in America?
I don't know.
Look at the people that they put on there for Christ's sake.
You look at him.
No thanks.
Anyway, that was the employee yesterday who was the most despicable murder of all time. Hitler 647, we knew that he was going to win but it was a battle for a second place.
And your president, your civil-dinner president has got more blood on his hands than a butcher.
George W. Bush for 18.
Stalin 133.
911 Saudi hijackers 111.
OJ Simpson 57.
They still H.O.J. they are still on their mind.
Susan Smith 55.
Bitch.
O.S.M. of Inladin 50.
Paul Pot 45.
Tim McVeigh 38.
And Reheat's 27.
Jeffrey Dahmer 16.
I bet you he and Tim McVeigh are having a good chat.
There's a few couples now.
Over what's in the freezer.
Charles Manson 13.
John Wayne Gacy 10.
Ted Bundy 10.
Dr. Joseph Mengele 9.
Who has a lot in common with most of these soft-loaded doctors, by the way?
Speaking of butchers.
Lee Harvey Oswald 9.
Harry Truman 7.
Jim Jones 6.
Did a lot for the Kool-Aid folks.
Lieutenant William Callie 4.
Jack the Ripper 4.
Ariel Shiro and Miss Spell, and who cares because we don't have nothing about him anyway.
Not a word.
I mean, is it only me?
Remember the song by the platters?
Only you.
It must be only me because nobody else seems to be slightly amazed and be used to the fact that here was a guy who was such a big simist that he had a major stroke and he was like a breath away from death.
And now day after day after day we hear nothing.
I mean CNN's got a big thing.
I manage even off his romance.
That's pretty important.
Things to see.
Yeah, that's important.
But as far as Ariel Shiro and his still alive dead eating halavon, whatever he's getting ready for a poem, he's got three votes.
Eric Harrison Dylan Clebel, together three.
Jack Ruby 3.
General Sherman.
Let's see two for Sherman.
Eileen Wernos.
Ed Geen.
Dennis Raider.
Eric and Lyle Menendez.
They go as a team.
James Earl Ray.
David Berkowitz, the son of Sam and Leopold and Lowe.
One for Lizzie Borden, Charles Whitman.
Charles Eng.
Richard Speck.
And no votes for Albert or his Albert or his salvo.
Who else in Stranger?
Oh, Marshall Apple White.
Dole.
John Muhammad, the DC star.
Richard Ramiro, Gary Gilmore or Sir Hanser Hand.
No, 1698 votes.
Not even the votes for Doug Gilmore.
Who?
Like that.
So that was the result yesterday's pull.
So you've got to get your pulse right now.
I'm going to reread that.
Not only about that great column by what's his name?
What is his name?
Christopher Hitchin.
Christopher Hitchin.
But I also have one.
Even more.
Yeah, Chris.
More.
More important, eh?
Where the hell is it?
Here it is.
The cartoon crisis, conspiracy and moderate Muslims.
It's all manufactured.
It's all crap.
But anyway, we'll get into that.
Because your media is busy telling you about a meat,
but it moved, but it's up and is discussing that it is,
is there some credibility?
That because somebody pissed you off with the card,
it would be like somebody getting,
like Tom Cruise getting pealed with the South Park
with that episode you sent me.
Right.
Which of course he always is getting pealed,
and always suiting everybody.
I'm not gay and I'm going to sue you and prove it.
I have another press conference.
Just, I just got married to with somebody else.
Did you notice the credits at the end of that?
I didn't pay any attention to you.
They all had fake names.
Ah.
Well, anyway, I hear he's getting married to Jennifer Iniston.
She's already pregnant by him.
He's impregnated 15 women since he married Katie Holmes.
And they all become his Scientologists too.
But it would be like that.
People riding in the streets because South Park said
Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet in a cartoon.
In a TV cartoon.
Right.
Or the kind of church getting all upset because of that.
Oh, they did.
Or like the Scientologists getting all,
but they didn't kill anybody.
They killed enough people already in the years.
They got their quota.
But like the Scientologists,
they're not running around killing people
because South Park paraded their religion,
made it run,
pointed out what a pile of crap it is,
and how it's just a jug-and-it closet.
And everybody who's in there is,
like that fat, slot, cursly alley.
Oh, she's got a new spot now for that hip-hats.
And the whole thing she's doing like you guys
always do it every day.
She's talking with her mouth full.
If she's trying on a federal chair,
we're not sure you're a college ready yet.
Oh, you go.
Oh, she's disgusting.
And when you told me that she was a Scientologist,
she answered a lot of questions ahead about that fact.
This is a delicious sour bitch.
Oh, she's revolting.
27 past 10.
I think our Kelly is in a closet
taking care of him two guys.
Hey, when it comes to mattresses,
there are a lot of gimmicks out there.
The latest are sleep numbers,
otherwise known as air mattresses.
They're only warranty-dentful for two years.
They squeak like hell.
They pop when they least expect them.
Nothing worse than popping when you least expect it.
They can lose their setting during the night
and they cost a fortune.
If you want a high-quality brand name mattress
that lasts for years,
call our good friends a dollar mattress.
1-8-100 mattress.
When you call 1-8-100 mattress,
you'll get no run-arounds,
no showroom, shenanigans,
just factory-direct prices
and the best brands you know trust and love.
And when you call 1-8-100 mattress,
you choose and floor this biggest inventory of ceiling,
serda, Simmons, King Coil,
tempera-pietic even-sterns of an antisposter,
already for same-day delivery to you
at prices much lower than the so-called big-name chain stores
even during their so-called big sales.
So do yourself a favor.
Do the smart piece of chopping by making that one easy call.
1-8-100 mattress.
And you can have the bed you want to deliver date and time.
You want it in a two-hour delivery window,
even like if you make the call now today.
Which is why so many of us, including yours,
truly have been satisfied
by the Metro's customers for years.
Call them today 1-8-100 mattress,
or log on to their website,
do your shopping right there at mattress.com.
1-8-100 MATTR ESL leave off the last
as because it stands for
Stupendous Sensational Savings.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AM.
Here.
What's going on?
This is 8AM.
And now,
another verse of celebrity poetry.
Here's a tale of lunacy
backed by Scientology.
No brain cells left in Tom Cruise
covered for they were stolen by Elron Hubbard.
When Tom speaks his mouth it phones
affirming his love for Katie Holmes.
Up on the couch he jumps with fee
he thinks he's saying remarkably.
His mind looks like a red-war mural
prohibiting Katie and Epidural.
He says others don't use their brain
when it's Tom himself who is insane.
He calls Matt Lauer cold and glib
when it's he who needs a dribble bib.
His lady friend smiles her coolest smile.
She's no smarter than bathroom tile.
Her eyes too close to teeth
as cute perhaps she has the ibn flu.
Feel free if you must to disagree
with the teachings of Scientology.
But on this my friend we can find common ground.
Their level of brain damage is profile.
The facts are strange, the future shady.
Full crazy Tom and fiance Katie.
This has been another verse of celebrity poetry.
I was just singing how much is even though I enjoy that very much.
How much does that sound like those Paul Harveybres?
It sounded very much like Paul Harveybres.
And the reason I say that is because we got a new Paul Harveybres
which I'm not going to wait to play.
It's just too good to wait.
According Americans it's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
It was this little girl's first day of school.
And the teacher asked her what her name was.
The little girl replied happy but the teacher said,
Howdy I don't think that's your name.
You need to go to the principal's office
and get this straightened out.
So the little girl went to the principal's office
and he asked, what's your name?
And the little girl said happy but the principal called the mother
to get this straightened out.
What's in for roll?
After getting off the phone he looked at the little girl and said,
Honey, your name is Gladys, not happy but.
Then the girl exclaimed, Gladys, happy but what's the difference?
Paul Harvey.
I know, good day.
See what I mean?
That was good.
That was cute, this it was.
That was a beautiful happy but.
That's almost like the old magic but.
Happy but.
Right.
At any rate, can I just straighten one thing out?
Nobody's going to listen to me because nobody paid attention
to what I say anyway just like that little seminar I got this morning
about how light bulbs never burn out.
But NBC needs to get with it.
If you're going to carry the Olympics with you,
a good idea to know where you're at.
And I don't want to nitpick but it just drives me up the wall.
And that Brian Williams with his cuck-eyed head,
he's trying to explain last night.
Well, it's the city of Turin and they keep saying Turino.
If the Olympics were in Florence, Italy,
they would not be saying Ferenza,
which for instance the Italian name of the city,
okay, and Italy, Florence is known as Ferenza.
Follow what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Or like Rome.
If the Olympics are in Rome, nobody on NBC or any place else in the US would say,
oh, it's the Olympics in Rome.
Now they wouldn't say that.
They'd say Rome, am I right?
You're right.
The name of the city in Northern Italy where the Olympics are being held up there in the Alps is Turin.
Okay.
That's the way we pronounce it.
It's Turin, T-U-R-I-N.
Yeah.
But NBC, including that promo we just had a little bit ago,
they keep saying Turino.
Well, that's fine.
That's the italianization of it.
They call it Turino.
People like to do that sometimes.
And I don't know why.
What do you mean by that?
Every once in a while you'll hear a newscaster break into...
But at least, they're consistent inside a newscaster.
It's the whole NBC approach to it.
They keep putting on a screen there.
Turino, it's not Turino.
Okay.
They stand up.
Italy is Turino, but we call it Turin.
That would be like...
If your Olympics were in New York City and they say,
in the way of New York, it's not the way of New York, okay?
New York.
But they do that all the time.
I stand up, comic, did a routine about that.
Every time you see, like if they say Guatemala,
they won't go, Guatemala.
But that's not the same though.
You're talking about an accent.
No, no, not the same.
No, not an accent.
They'll break into trying to pronounce it in the language
or the way that it's pronounced in that way.
I see.
Like, Niroagua.
Niroagua.
It'd be like that.
Vincent used to do that a little time before that.
He's about like a sad guy.
He's about like a sad guy.
Oh man.
I feel so sorry for you people in South Florida.
Nobody wants this big English.
Anyway, let's get back to this for this Turino crap.
Turin.
That's where the Olympics are going to be.
The Winter Olympics are in Turin, Italy, okay?
Get it right.
Not that you want to go there, believe me.
Is that anywhere near Turino?
Yeah, it's right next door.
Other than the Godfather, a movie you could watch a million times,
we need to build that pool big time there because we only got...
Look at how many posts we got.
Look at that.
I knew it.
I knew it was him embroidered on Todd Drexhead.
Six, six, six.
Really?
I got more than that.
You know, he and I are going to come to a very unhappy end this week.
I've been biting my tongue.
Remember, I told you that in a little situation you'd be able to show this more
night in your turn?
No, I'm just telling you, I don't like being coerced to endorse things
that I don't believe in and that are...
You know what I'm saying.
I don't want to go in beyond that.
But I got a real problem with that little piece of turd back there because
thank God we got Brian Schmuss back.
Every time Brian Schmuss put a spot on the air,
we're always something good, something you enjoy doing,
something you believed in, you really yell.
Yeah, I mean, granted you got no credibility when you're working on the station
in the first place, but Jesus, Todd Drex, you are just...
You just talk about a guy that lives up to his name.
He is the worst.
You can take Fat Boy and all the other ones, all the other Frank,
all the other losers we've had, you can put them all together.
And they're like a breath of fresh air compared to Todd Drex.
He is as low as it goes.
Anyway, we got 674 votes.
They got off that 666 real fast.
Other than the Godfather movie could watch...
A zillion times, every time it comes on cable,
you got to watch it, you could just watch it almost every day
and just never get tired of watching.
You're hooked.
Blazing Saddles, I say with great dismay, is leading 107.
Right.
Not to the same thing.
Raw would have moved me, but I mean...
Fine, it's great, but...
Come on.
It doesn't...
And then, Paul Fiction is number 273.
No wonder that one guy doesn't want me talking about movies.
My taste in movies is so diametrically opposed to the masses out there.
No wonder Josh don't like Magnolia or our network.
I liked Magnolia.
Where do you come up with this?
He says that all the time.
You said the ending song.
Play along.
That was me.
Okay, yeah, the ending song.
You didn't like the father.
By the way, Danny Darko, what he dies in the end.
I know.
George is watching that.
I did it, George.
I know that.
That's what I heard.
You gave it to George.
And he said he liked it so far.
My cousin Vinnie 56.
Now let's see, did I see that?
That sounds...
Oh, I know what that is.
Isn't that like a gay...
No, no, it's a Joe Paschini movie.
It's actually funny.
What's that gay...
Oh, the Italian wedding.
Isn't that something like that?
Sorry.
National Ampoule Vacation 52.
Every movie now is...
Yeah.
I don't get that.
It says...
Animal Howe 49.
Yeah, I mean...
Take a look at those top five.
Uh-huh.
This is our audience.
And you wonder why 90% of the calls are...
A little bit like that.
No, I don't know.
This is South Florida for you, baby.
This is what we're dealing with.
This is the masses and their asses.
Happy butt.
Yes, it is.
Blazing Staddles 107.
Pulp Fiction 73.
My cousin Vinnie 56.
National Ampoule Vacation 52.
An Animal Howe 49.
You see any common thread there?
I don't know.
Pulp Fiction.
My cousin Vinnie is good.
But it doesn't belong in the top five, I don't think.
Then we got the greatest Skate 39.
Wizard of Oz 38.
Don't hit you skipped over Glenn Gary.
No, I did not.
You did what?
Wizard of Oz 39.
Glenn Gary Glen Ross 38.
I got it.
I got it then.
Plane Strane's an automobile.
Steve Martin 37.
You ferry.
Fargo has got...
No.
About dirt man.
Of the natural 29, Rocky Horror Picture Show 21.
Heat 16.
The Life of Byin 15.
Reservoir Dogs, which you insist I shouldn't watch 15.
Joe Dirt 13.
West Side Story 10.
The Hills are Relive, Odetsisound of Music, really a hell suck.
Since City 9, let it ride 9.
The Shawshank Redemption 6.
Roger Rabbit 6.
Rounders 5.
Spartacus 2.
Mighty Minority Report 2.
And Imaginary Heroes, which are correct to the spelling.
Thank God only 2.
Me and one other Queen.
687 votes on that.
So you can add, I'm sure, to that other than the Godfather,
which is in Leigh Ratsong.
How about a Leigh of its own?
It's under bad sports movie, wasn't it?
Yes it was about girls playing baseball.
Was it really?
Yeah, Tina Dayleague in her own.
Leigh of their favorite, Rosie O'Donnell.
Oh.
Excellent.
It'll be funny before 11.
Now we got the pre-story, got Gretzky's wife, we got Mad Dogs wife,
which we have no story about that.
I don't know why everybody so whipped up in the whole building about that.
He'll tell you the story.
It's got to do with his family.
And his ill-behaved sons and his lovely wife.
And that'll teach you to go to Detroit in the first place.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
Thanks the friend up.
And Greg the D.
Leigh Ratsong.
He's doing nice, too.
For Swamp and Green.
Oh, he's a North Picker.
She's digging down.
Don't flick it at me.
Her thing is wrong.
Now I'm scared she's a North Picker.
I can do it.
But he's easy to get into her.
In the final round.
Now I'm scared she's a North Picker.
In the green.
He's not a second me.
I can't believe it.
Don't let it take it.
It's all asleep.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
I'm going to keep it.
He's been 44 QAMs.
So we need about 400 more movies for that poll today.
Just to round it out to everybody who's got a place to go.
Because obviously the list that we got there so far.
Maybe a lot of you say, ah, fat.
I don't want to watch any of those movies ever again.
Right.
Even the first time.
And in many cases, I couldn't blame you.
WCOM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You guys realize that you got a telephone ringing through your show coming out over the air?
Really?
Yeah, and it happens one at once, too.
Yeah, on your station.
Yeah.
And I would think that we have a full telephone ringing over the air right now.
Not right now, but intermittently throughout your show.
You think your engine years would pick that up?
All right.
You think our engineers are listening to this show?
You must be dreaming.
Well, sorry about that, Neil.
Sorry, sorry.
It's a reality.
It's very annoying.
Yeah, OK.
We'll work on it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a quick answer to the press.
Well, what a sour push, huh?
So we got some ringing.
He's trying to be helpful to us.
And of course, he, at least he's listening, which is one we can say for the engineering staff.
And by the way, the engineers want us to know that the light bulbs last forever.
You know that?
I do do.
I wish Mr. Ego would have kept that in mind.
Light bulbs last forever.
WQYM, hello.
For the whole two staples of weekend through the di-hard one.
And we've got a week's weekend and week's weekend.
What was the second one?
Di-hard one and what?
A lethal weapon.
Oh, lethal weapon one.
OK, so he had motion in his mouth.
Thought he said something.
A weak pillow.
Yeah.
Five-six, he's fighting it right now.
Five-six and the pillow, two.
Five-six, seven-oh, five-six-tea.
OK, let me get to speaking to that.
That's a good segue for this story.
Former New York City Police Officer Dick Regan was recuperating from surgery at an upstate
home last April.
When it came across a new story about the sale of a Walter Miller state,
there once was a retirement home for Dominican nuns.
Within minutes, he was on the website of the Reelder who handled a sale,
viewing pictures that brought back horrific scenes from his childhood.
Remember that movie that I had to see?
What if it helped?
What's the one with Ed Norton?
Oh, the primal fear.
Primal fear.
Primal fear.
A building in one photo, a trigger memories in the bedroom with the dark leather couch where he says
a Catholic priest molested him when he was eight years old.
He would come sit with me on the couch, final make kiss me on the stomach says Regan, now
62.
Remember Regan's stomach and the exorcist?
Elton a.
I remember that.
I was on Regan's stomach.
Another picture showed the chapel where Regan said the same priest would prop him in a wooden
pew just moment after abusing him, then ascend to the altar to say mass.
He thought back to the overnight trips with the priest, where he had assisted with molested
in the priest bedroom he said.
And he thought of another sister who had been abused in several incidents and who
liked dick and kept in secret from the rest of their siblings.
Over the following weeks on the advice of an advocate for victims of priest abuse, Regan shared
his traumatic story with the rest of his siblings seeking their support and understanding.
It was only then that the enormity of what had happened to the Regans became clear.
Five of the families, eight children, said they'd been sexually abused by the Reverend Daniel
Babis, a trusted friend who had been welcoming to the Regans Howard Beach home from much of
the 50s and 60s.
The priest abuse gave a rock Catholic purish but it'd be put a boob, but none of the half
those nests births is interviewed by news.
They could recall a single family with as many victims.
Now 35 years after the fact, the Regan children and their elderly mother are struggling and
promptly disturbing history that for so long was shrouded in secrecy even among themselves.
The memories have provoked wildly varying reactions in the siblings fear that the old wounds
once opened might never heal.
Guilt that by not reporting the alleged abuse earlier, they made it possible for Babis to
molest the younger siblings and a fierce determination to convert high church officials with their
stories.
Vic Regan revealed the family's allegation that the two New York diocese were Babis served,
Rockville Center and Brooklyn Queens.
Just a little play on words, I guess.
And last month the family sued the diocese of Rockville Center and it's Bishop William Murphy,
its state supreme court.
A diocese spokesman said they don't comment on pending litigation.
Of course, that's always a good cop-up.
Since the suit others have approached the family's attorney and said they too were abused
by Babis.
It's a very long story.
It's innocent, let's on our website right now I'm sure is it not?
It is.
So we didn't weep.
Let's see, airplane for the poll.
And I sure as hell would watch airplane every all the time as opposed to a blazing saddle.
Yeah, I agree.
I mean is there any contest?
Airplane is a thousand times funnier than blazing saddle.
Any, pick any part of it.
It's worst moment.
In fact, what the hell is that bit we got?
I know, I'm not looking at the right place.
So here that dial tone?
Yeah, that's me.
I know.
Okay, let's see, Vince says, how about a little big man for the poll?
Oh, okay.
I like that I've always seen it.
What's though?
I guess I could do.
Well, you who watch your gonna be gave then catch up on the last time, little big man.
Huh?
You who watched that and your little friend at the same time.
Airplane, we got it.
We have that bit worth it.
There's a sail of pennies.
What is right on the whole?
I thought it was called Titanic Wait a minute.
Oh, I'll find it.
It's called...
It's on the head.
It's water.
14 feet above the queue.
Seven.
It's like I pick a wrong week.
Wish, what?
It's an authority.
An old three holds.
And then board from six.
It's like it's a wrong week.
Quick, quick, quick.
When can we get on the way, dammit?
Get that finger out of your ear.
You don't know what that finger's been.
That's five compartments and it looks like a big tile and all.
You can say a quote.
For the first four two compartments reach, but not five.
And if I were to stay away, it's not five.
It's like I pick a wrong week.
When I'm fed a mace, the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads.
There's no stopping.
Hey, Derek, there's a fire in the barn.
From this moment no matter what we do.
Me, John, big three.
Titanic, we'll find her.
It is going to tell you both good luck.
We're all carrying on.
I don't believe you make it.
You're headlines in the Swedish way.
There's a sail of pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of you.
Where did you get that dress?
It's awful on those shoes and that coat.
Geez.
Oh, yeah.
And they're talking blazing settles.
What is wrong with you, people?
Is anyway, man.
Right.
Somebody QAM?
Hello?
QAM.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Wednesday.
And back to you.
How about the day the earth stood still, sir?
Okay.
For your fault.
It's good.
And that's it.
Thank you.
The earth stood still.
You got it?
Got it.
Blazing settles.
I think they're probably inspired by the recent popularity of those cowboy movies.
Well, don't worry because we just added caddy shacks.
So I'm sure that'll rise right up to the top.
Oh.
Wow.
WNQAM.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
There's a couple that need to be on the list.
How about sling blade?
Okay.
Another one, casino.
Why is that on there?
I can watch both of those.
We'll put them on there right now for you.
10-4 back door.
Starwhats you right now.
10-4.
Got you.
We got you.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
What was that guy talking about?
The phone ring during the show?
What is he talking about?
I see.
Because if it was going on here, we would hear it.
Unless the course it was like from a phone line on any other room.
If somebody was puncturing something up in there, there it is again.
See it?
You heard that?
You're appearing too.
It's like that bit that filled it with that crazy woman.
Remember that?
Which coin?
Oh, you know the one where she kept saying she heard stuff on the air and he said, oh,
there it is again.
And he would, whatever the hell he was doing.
Oh, yeah.
You said of a bitch.
Oh, that was it.
That is exactly it.
Oh, you got a memory.
He was son of a...
See, there it is again.
And he just...
Yeah.
That was great.
That was back when he was a really Italian.
By the way, Kevin Baxter said that since he was syndicated, the show sucks and that he
sold out to the right wing.
I had a pretty good chat with Kevin yesterday.
He was a big groupie of the show.
At least, amazingly, the hair-old which hates me like poison.
But at least they're writing a piece about that 30th anniversary...
30th anniversary.
...and about three weeks from today.
Mark that down, three weeks from today.
I'll be out sick that day.
Right.
In fact, I got a scratchy throat right now.
I'm thinking between now and then.
We'll stop scratching it.
I am scratching feverishly.
And my throat too.
Blazing the sandals went away.
Boy, that's sad to me.
732 votes.
We got a pretty good shot of a thousand in today.
What do we have?
1200 during the show yesterday, 1200 and some.
Boy, that is scary.
I know that Alan Brown is just a ping in his pants over that.
I'm afraid that once we kicked their ass-life, we actually showed the world that we got.
This is where the audience is, including all of them who are listening right now.
And the fact that all those jackass comments on there, 95, even though my name wasn't listed
on that pool, 95% of them were about...
Still got positive, negative, indifferent, whatever.
But nevertheless, how do you like that?
How was the name of the pool?
And then Greg Cotex is a comment about, well, Neil and his audience hijacked our pool and
it turned all weird at all.
Stop what they had in mind.
Well, two freaking bad jackass.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how about Scarface?
No, okay.
I'm going to do it.
Yeah.
Do you know who that was?
No.
Yeah, you've all got to do it, but I'm pretending I don't.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Although Scarface can go on there, so for you.
W-Q-A-M, hola.
Torino radio.
For the pool?
Yes, sir.
10,000 meters of Doctor T.
The 10,000, what of who?
Doctor Suce movie.
10,000.
Yeah.
Wow, I actually saw that movie, but boy, I don't want to hear about it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How are you, Neil?
How are you doing?
Okay.
Um, I'm going to say.
I forgot.
Yeah.
Cool, man.
I had it right here.
All right.
I've read it.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I realize it's a very tough question.
You put on your thinking, Kim.
So we don't want to put too much pressure on you.
It's only the middle of February, not even that.
Although it's a short month, so keep that in mind.
As you're working on your good material to that anniversary date, March 1,
boy, that's going to be that.
That'll be our eyes of March, won't it?
Mm-hmm.
That'll really be something.
Torino.
It sounds so schmalcy.
I mean, touring, it sounds, I don't know, don't know.
Who that wants to go to touring.
So let's try the industry.
Torino, it sounds like Nakaroni.
And it sounds like some kind of a cannelloni.
And, huh?
That sounds like something you eat.
And protrude.
And you're capable.
And all that other gracious stuff.
You look like they're eating in Sicily.
Sicily.
Yeah, if they had the Olympics in Sicily, would they say, oh, Sicilya.
Would they say, of course, Sicilya is a region.
It's not, or like in the Palermo Sicily.
Would they say, Palermo Sicilya.
Would they say that?
No.
This is what happens when you've got going and running NBC News.
Committee QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, like this.
Some people wait a lifetime.
Oh, man, like this.
Committee QAM, hello.
Yeah, help.
I'm from Parthenon.
Hey, Mike.
I don't have everything to help.
Pretty good.
What do you got?
Good.
How about Roger Rabbit?
It's on there.
It's got six votes.
All right.
Thank you very much.
You have a good day.
And you too.
How about Roger Rabbit?
I can just watch that.
Oh, what a good idea.
Until the camp catches the rabbit and rips it to smittery.
And choose it up.
And we put both of them into microwave for lunch.
Roger Rabbit.
Now, what was he still haven't come up with that guy's name from Paxen?
Roger...
Yeah, I did do hard work.
I came up with the first name out of the blue.
Roger Cormin.
Roger...
It'll tell to me.
You see that he said that he instantly, too.
We're getting a little tired of waiting now.
You got the better idea that says,
coming to America, any Murphy's best work today never gets sick of it.
Coming to America, never seen it.
You see it?
Yeah, I saw it.
It was fine.
Yeah.
It was no airplane, though.
Certainly was at his best work.
Let me say the question again.
The question is,
not what is the gray...
I mean, we've done it with the Zidian times.
They're quite frankly really ponderous.
The greatest movie of all time, your favorite movie of all time.
Although this might, favorite might overlap with this, I don't know.
Other than Godfather, a movie you could watch Zidian times.
And I'll be very honest with you,
even though he's that worser of my favorites.
There's just no reason to see him again.
You know what I mean?
Like Requiem for Dream, I'm sure I'll watch it again someday.
And I have watched it several times, but yeah.
I don't have any need to see it again anytime soon.
Follow, right?
So that isn't necessarily...
And that's the question.
A movie you could watch virtually every day and never get tired of it.
Right? That's why I had imaginary heroes.
Because I like it.
It's good.
It's better what you said.
No, you said you liked it, but you didn't say you didn't want to see it.
There's some little flaming of fairy or whatever you said.
I didn't...
I don't want to watch it every day, but flaming a little fairy.
I think you're imagining these things.
I think you're hallucinating.
Right.
I think you've got flaming fairies on your mind.
There's a pattern with the roles that he plays there.
What's that?
Oh, it's not him in the movie.
It's just that he was an actor.
If you're an A.M.L. Hirsch, you have a thing.
So he had a thing.
And I readily admit it.
And he's not a pretty boy, by the way.
I don't care what you say.
A.M.L. Hirsch is not a pretty boy.
Believe me.
He's interesting.
Okay.
You know, the difference between pretty and interesting.
Sure.
And then of course, there's always pretty interesting.
Right?
1057 at 560 WQM.
This is the Neil Roger Cell.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Who's the monkey?
There's more fun than a very little human.
I had too much to drink that night.
Who never says a word?
Well, I've instanted in...
It's Julius George.
Julius W. Bush.
The world's most famous monkey is coming to theaters.
My greatest responsibility is present.
Welcome to the world of curiousness.
This George has been breaking all the time.
Yes.
Who am I going to do with you?
I don't know.
It's 1102 at 560 WQM.
S.R.I. Stand up and applaud George.
There are plenty of you in there.
Stand up there and applaud Jimmy Carter.
And Joseph Lowry and all those other.
Farbisson.
Then they're right on target, by the way.
I'll speak to the Chinese and what great friends of ours they are.
Because we're only interested in democratic governments.
I understand what's going to happen.
We're supposed to democracy all around the world.
That's why they're our most favorite country.
They can come and pick those like them Chinese.
The deputy editor of a Chinese newspaper died of liver and kidney failure.
After he was severely beaten by police and raped by reports in his newspaper about their work.
So if it's not cartoons, it's some article that somebody didn't like.
Wu Shang-hu.
The deputy editor of the Tai Zhu Evening News was 41.
He's dead.
Fellow journalists at his newspaper and his widow confirmed his death
but refused to say anything more because of a news blackout imposed by senior officials.
And keep in mind, Google says, oh, we have no problem with your like censoring the internet.
Whatever you, we just want the money.
His wife, Hu Jing-huai, had previously spoken about her husband's pride in his profession.
One commentator said such violence is increasingly common in China.
And journalists are often beaten up at the behest of police or government.
But deaths are very rare.
In other words, they usually like beat him up lightly.
I said.
Mr. Wu was beaten up in October after a report about our reasonable charges associated with obtaining driver licenses.
He was asked to wish you a public apology but refused.
Soon afterwards, about 50 police stormed his office, beat the cramp out of him and took him to the police station.
The official Shin-wa news agency said that Mr. Wu has been damaged in the beating.
He had delivered transplant on January 24th, but last week he died.
But the Oprah could help him.
Yeah, that's right.
Too bad a husband had been on the Oprah show just in time to save him from a wicked death.
That's the very least he could have got a three foot helper monkey.
Let's say put dumb and dumb around list, frog haters says dumb and dumb are weighted.
You know, this list of movies that we've got, I don't know what to say.
I'm so sorry that we did this pull.
Cost earned a few.
Just a little bit better about life in general.
And then all of a sudden we did this.
Whose idea was this anyway?
I don't know.
Mine.
Let's play Sean.
Mine.
No, this was not one of Sean's.
This is my idea.
And I was thinking about it because I watched the imaginary heroes two nights ago, almost a whole,
but you know, I came across it upon it and it was like 10 minutes into it.
And then so I watched all the rest.
And then it was just fine.
Even though I know how it ends in a whole view.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless.
Don't let me forget the article by Christopher Hitchens.
I will get also one that's even more important.
I beg your pardon.
I got it on a poster right in front of me.
Oh Christopher Hitchens, it is Hitchens not Hutchins, right?
What did I say?
No, I'm wondering because I really don't know.
Hitchens.
Is it?
Hitchens you were wagging to a stone, the hitter, with like the most dirty way of whatever.
Several times.
And also, major story studies finds low fat diet won't stop cancer or heart disease.
Dr. Gene Orn is you ought to be in jail.
And to think that our good friend, the late Dr. Bob, took all of that crap.
Oh, it act low carb stuff.
It acts out now.
Right.
The only reason it's out is because people reading low carb plus all the high carb.
You know, that's not the way it works and believe me, I'm as good as anybody of that.
Now, that's not going to work if you do that.
In fact, I would say that the low carb diet of any other, it's great if you stay to it.
But if you start messing around, you'll gain the weight back so fast more than any other.
So, it's fine if you tend to undo it and you want to stay alive and all of those things.
But there's low fat crap.
How many times have I told you?
Dietary fat doesn't kill you.
It doesn't make you fat.
Okay, it's a bad word.
It's like terino.
It's the wrong word.
No, no, it is.
It's the wrong word.
What about tortellino?
How about schmoots?
I mean, can't they call it something else besides fat?
Because immediately it conjures up the image.
Oh, fat like chicken fat, you know, like fat around your perfect.
It's not there.
That's not what it means.
Like, what's wrong with a nice slab of a slab of bacon?
I'm having some pork.
I'm having it this morning.
That's not going to make me fat.
That hogging that ice cream that'll do it every time.
That'll do it every time.
That'll do it every time.
Damn, but then a nut.
Oh, Jesus.
I'm going to sue their ass.
You are going to be a...
I am.
And more raised than one.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That one for the poll.
Okay.
Office space.
What is it?
Office space.
Office space.
Just another stupid dumb movie.
Again, that's the office space.
Office space.
Yes, it is good.
That's funny.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
The face that's off his face.
Yeah, he's sometimes you get off your face.
Office space.
And you've seen it.
Yep.
I'm so sorry for you.
Wow, it's a good movie.
Is it good?
It's really good.
It's not wrong with it at all.
Very funny movie.
Funnier than Caddy Shack?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Funnier than Blazing Saddles?
Yeah.
Don't get it on there right away then.
I've never seen it.
Now who's in it?
I don't know if I can name them by name.
Do you know any of the stars names?
Nobody that you've ever heard of.
I can't believe it.
The only person I know by name is Jennifer Aniston.
Oh, Jennifer Aniston's in it.
Well, that's good.
I forgot she was in it.
We like it already.
She what's funny?
70 QIM.
Hello.
How you doing?
My chart for movies is sort of like a manure connoisseur, but I like a lot of kids.
I can't stop watching it every time.
I'm a little graph hopper.
I can't help it.
It's fun.
Too bad that Ray Lee Ode just not really Ode.
What's the Ray Ode?
What's his name?
Mancer.
Camerita.
Camerita just died.
That little Chinese guy makes me want to just find a Chinese girl and...
Okay, good.
Good luck to him.
You're going to kill his ass if the Chinese heard that call.
They're going to come and beat the crap out of you.
They'll beat you up lightly though.
Camerita, what I call him?
Moray Manceric.
That's right.
I went in the wrong door.
But then again, Duff said, that would be the first time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10.
If I sounded like a little incoherent, it's because I'm like, right...
And I've got it licked.
If I can say that.
I'm not going to get this...
I'll be right on the edge.
You know what I mean?
The throat thing.
You get right to the edge of a cold and a sore throat.
But I'm not going to get it.
How do I know that?
Well, because there's a happy to me many times.
You know what I mean?
It's either going to like sprout or it's not going to sprout.
Right.
Like in Brussels or Torino.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
It's Andy Almanquan.
What about Platoon?
What about it?
Is it a movie?
Littlely pressing though.
What that?
I said, have a great day.
Platoon, get that on there.
Yeah, we'll put whatever you want on there.
We're asking you what you want to watch every day over and over eight million times.
That's right.
It's not us.
Just because we think that blazing scandals is amusing, but not...
I just...
I can't relate to it.
And of course, Paul Fiction's number two.
So it's obviously...
My taste is way, way out there.
You know, way on a limb is always.
I mean, my movie's on the bottom.
Imaginary heroes.
So, no pun intended.
Stand around the bottom, yeah.
Kind of like Tommy Cruz.
Hey, Tommy.
You're fairies.
I say let's get a series of cartoons that depicts all the Scientologists in the closet.
Like, right?
I parked it, only like in cartoon form.
Yeah.
And start distributing all over Hollywood.
Start with that bitch, Kristie Ali.
Oh, yeah.
You probably eat it.
No, she is.
Clearly, I mean, you know, it's like I'm sending Fat Boy out to sell to represent the radio station.
I mean, would you want to send her and have her represent anything that you're doing?
Nope.
She is just so grotesque.
And just a pig.
Just a real pig.
I'm a real pig too, but I'm not on television, thank God.
Here's the facts.
Oh, I know I'm not going to want to read this from one of our chronic factors.
About the Ted Kennedy were there.
The loudest that went to this.
I was going to be Carter.
Yeah, okay.
Didn't I just go through all of that?
I took about 20 seconds into that.
Yeah, yeah.
About the fact that Carter and Joseph Lowry and they all in Jackson the night before Jesse.
And they were pushing and asking his standing ovation.
Yeah, I went through all of that, okay?
Daniel.
So just give it a rest.
What about Daniel by Olden John?
What do you want to put that under too?
Hell of a movie.
Was it?
No.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Yeah.
That's what you're making.
Okay.
Good to mend in the ugly.
And then, going and going.
But what a great soundtrack.
Yeah.
We had it.
What's that they call that?
The Moe the Doi.
There's something like that.
I don't know.
The Moe the Doi and the Moe, it's called Moe the Doi of Gellie.
There it is.
Something like that.
All right.
This is the real one.
Oh, right.
Oh, really want to hear that.
I thought you found the Moe the Doi.
I don't have a handy.
I don't even know what it is.
Let me see if I can find it.
There it is.
There you go.
Didn't take that long.
Yeah, this is a real pace.
There's all we need.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Now, that was the Hebrew Montenegro, wasn't it?
Did that music?
Did the score come out?
You go Montenegro, very good.
Right.
The good, the bad, and the bad, and the bad, and the bad, and the broken.
That sounds all big.
P-E-S, pests, fast, let's see yesterday.
Now, all of a sudden becoming chronic.
As a child, there were two movies I saw over and over.
Mary Poppins, because I couldn't get over thinking maybe I'd get a black comb,
but I'm able to fly.
And I'm sure that this person probably can by now.
And the second movie was The Exorcist.
Oh, actually, the one.
How come we haven't put that on there?
Oh, you're right.
Every time that comes out, I watch it.
That's fun.
And the only one I recall watching a few times, the original Dirty Harry.
So you feel a lucky punk?
Hmm.
Dirty Harry and The Exorcist.
I'm not going to put Mary Poppins on there.
Huh?
What up?
You want to put Mary Poppins on there?
I never saw it.
You got the Wizard of Oz on there too.
Which I just...
I never saw a sound of music either.
These people are confusing them.
They don't understand it, which of course is nothing new.
I don't think I've seen a Julie Andrews.
Why would anybody like to see The Wizard of Oz over and over and over?
I don't want to see it again.
What's there to see again?
So to hear something like great music?
Like what?
Follow the yellow brick road.
Yeah, that kind of stuff.
To much of that, I totally out in John.
Did I just say that I'm in the...
Where you going at the Elder Road Crap again?
Blazing Saddles 114.
Movie Other than the Godfathers, which of course will win just...
Just beat this, not out any of these.
A movie could have watched this at any time.
Blazing Saddles 114.
Pulp Fiction 83.
Animal House 65.
My cousin Vinnie 61.
National Antoin vacation 55.
The Great Escape 42.
The Wizard of Oz 42.
How sad.
Plains trains in automobiles 41.
Glen Gary Glen Ross.
Dufu Ferry.
38.
Fargo 35.
The Natural's God.
Dr. Third Man.
I see from Morse.
Rocky Horror Picture Show 25.
Get a little bit of a lot of fruit and produce.
Life of Brian 21.
Heat 17.
The Shawshank Redemption 16.
I wonder if Jason Blasbars watching that right now.
Reservoir Dogs 15.
Joe Dirt 13.
Candy Shack in Sin City and West Side Story 11.
A piece.
Let it ride 9.
Airplane 8.
Roger Rabbit 7.
Dumb and Dumber 5.
Also 5 for Rounders.
4 for Casino.
The Lady Earth stood still at 3.
Die Hard 3.
Minority Report 3.
Office Spaces got 2 already.
Office Spaces.
I told you it's great.
Never heard of it.
Coming to America 2.
You're not eating now, are you?
I am.
Scarface 2.
Spartacus 2.
Imaginary Heroes 2.
Platoon 1.
One for Little Big Man.
None yet for the Exorcist or Good to Bad Neal Rogers.
The Karate Kids sling blade or lethal weapon out of 805.
805 at 1114.
Got all those numbers?
Good.
Because we're going to be taking a real serious quiz.
And the winner gets a date.
Date with Magog's family and then the slamer and Detroit.
So this is why?
Now don't start.
See there you go.
You're the one who's ripping his kids again and bringing back the memories of how they used to just...
That was terrorized.
I would do when they were like,
they were just little kids then, okay?
You know, like the protein.
Yeah, just tearing up the UPI machine and just out of control.
Out of control, man.
Hey, attention, man.
Where am I?
Where am I?
Where am I?
Where am I?
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my dear aunt,
Oh, it is very late to see
my first cousin is me.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little late.
I'm a little late.
I'm a little late.
I'm a little late.
Bill Bwell, you're a little late.
Bill Petivo.
I'm good to bat in the early and Italian as a matter of fact.
I guess what?
This fact is where they iodine that was sending us clothes,
pin of the ass fact yesterday.
You're still an idiot.
That's why I sent it to you.
Sorry, no, Sir Jerry only did the score.
Now he didn't do the score.
He was the director, okay.
I need to break the news to you, Mr. Expert.
Mr. Ayamama, you made a mistake.
No.
It's probably from my micro's and thought.
I love the mistake.
I love it when we get past it's like that.
Yeah.
Give it, give it, give me a lecture about Hugo Montenegro.
It was a big hits matter.
In fact, February 28th, look you look it up, Shmont.
I got the diamonds over right here and they both say Hugo Montenegro.
Right.
Did all of them have tons of spaghetti, why didn't he directed him, Sir Jerry?
He didn't do the score.
It says he did the score.
Yes, what?
He stole a gargle with iodine.
There you go. There's Hugo Montenegro.
I got the movie version.
I've got the single radio version and they both say Hugo Montenegro.
Of course.
I mean, is that a debate?
I'm not getting any point from what I had.
We're not looking for no props for pops.
Il Buono, Il Bruto, Il Cativo.
In my, in the Torino.
5.670, 5.690.
The Italian though is so much smaller to you.
Torino.
I mean, you want Turin.
Turin sounds like dull.
Like I'm sure it is there.
It's way up there in Northern Italy.
It's way up in the Alps.
Turists don't go there.
Nobody goes there.
In fact, why the hell the...
The only reason that they had the Winter Olympus there is because it's up in the Alps.
I had a good ski in and stuff in ice and it's frigid.
Look at Laura's Italian women.
No, whatever.
No, trust me.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
I thought you were talking about who wrote the score, which was Emil Morricone,
who's not Hugo Montenegro.
You're quite a mole, Marcone?
No, no.
Emil Morricone, he wrote all those scores for all those...
And Rico Belai.
Check it out.
I'm serious.
But that's how I was talking about it.
I said who put the music.
It's Hugo Montenegro.
Yeah, it's all the Sergio Leone, that's pretty funny.
He was a director.
He did one spot of time in America too.
That's right.
He was the one at the end of the movie.
He gave us all that crap about, well, maybe it was just the dream trip.
Who knows?
Yeah, he was a genius, but he was real crazy.
Well, thank God for that.
Thanks, Pally.
Okay, what do you say, and Rico Belai?
Right, right, the trotting driver from Italy.
It's got his home website, you know?
I'm sure you probably want to check that out after the show.
I'm going there right now.
Wayne Gretzky, who's got the food today?
I bet you it's Howe's.
Yes.
Say, I know it.
I can tell by the sound of you guys chomping.
I can smell it.
Yeah.
I can smell it.
I can feel it.
If I come straight, you'd like a little...
You're starting to squirm right on my cheerlead.
I don't know that article you read.
I'm having two kinds of pork.
Really?
Wayne Gretzky's wife, and what's that about, Ariel Saron?
How's Ariel doing, by the way?
Anybody who's talking about fashion week with Desires Fault collections on CNN?
On MSNBC, they must be huckin' to try to get about something besides Ariel Saron.
What are they talking about?
Well, they're in commercial right now.
So nobody knows from Ariel Saron, no more.
We're supposed to know that there's no questions, okay?
Don't you ask?
Wayne Gretzky's wife, he looked at Janet Jones, the actress,
said the blonde, they used to look pretty good about 100 years ago.
I know her well.
Who married him for obviously not his appearance or his money?
Wayne Gretzky's wife, and about a half a dozen NHL players,
placed bets, but not on a hockey,
with a nationwide sports gambling ring financed by Phoenix County's assistant coach Rick Tocket,
authority said yesterday, and of course Hank did call him Rick Toshay on IOD 1.
Not I was in a car, I'd go into the track, and I was just about to...
Plast.
Well, the reason was the first one, the other color,
Josie, you know,
got the picture, held it off, and the reason him is going...
Sounds like Joe Bowen is like losing his voice too,
he's probably a little under the weather, he's got a little something.
Just got to that.
Anyway, we don't want to start with that hockey talk,
but nevertheless this isn't about hockey, it's about gambling.
Remember what Hank said there?
And he's right.
Gretzky's greatest player, it says here, now who,
this is sports illustrator, he's not hockey's greatest player,
he never was, never will, but you know, that's crap.
He could've looked Bobby yours, but...
You read a little girl, was your name?
Oh, yeah.
Gretzky isn't his first season coaching the kiosk in his part owner of the team.
Actress wife Janet Jones was among those implicated,
two-on-person officials told the A&P,
speaking on condition of anonymity because no betters have been publicly identified.
Asked about her involvement, Gretzky laughed, and asked,
oh really, I don't know, you have to ask her that.
That's what he did, he went just like that.
In fact, maybe it is Greg Reed imitation and went like...
That's really what it would have been good.
State police Colonel Rick Fuentes, see that's a New Jersey man,
I got all your people in there now.
Hi Pete.
Rick Fuentes said investigation of the New Jersey based ring discovered the processing
of more than a thousand wagers exceeding $1.7 million on professional and
college sports, mostly football and basketball.
I mean, who wants about an hockey anyway?
Especially in the USA.
The developments came at a sensitive time for the NHL,
which is trying to win fans back after that season long lockout,
and just days before many of its best plays will showcase their town that the
Turing Olympics it says here, doesn't say terino, it says the Turing Olympics,
how do you like that?
Like I said, S.I. man, they got their finger right on it.
Taka was served with a criminal complaint Monday, was expected to travel
from his Arizona home to answer charges of promoting gambling, money laundering,
and conspiracy Fuentes said.
A criminal complaint informs Taka to authority's intention to formally charge him,
and lead from the arrangements to travel to New Jersey for formal charging or face arrest.
It's not a hockey related issue, it's a football thing, and at this time I can't
come any further, Taka said after the coyotes practiced yesterday.
Gratski said Taka will be on the bench for last night's home game against Chicago,
and be business as usual.
I wonder who won that game, you know?
Black Hawks are the Acaiots.
Oh, three wants your cargo, but that's really bad.
I tell you they must have been under a lot of stress because the Black Hawks lose every game,
and right there in Phoenix they beat the Acaiots three to one, that's bad.
Every one of the nights, see how fast they found that?
That was great.
That was good.
That was good.
I got my hockey score, Tana.
I got it all here, man.
I got my finger, my thumb right on it.
This business is about being out of touch.
I'm like a...
He's going to be fast going.
For this...
For this...
For this...
For this...
For this...
For this...
To this guy, the Leaf came in an hour from last night, four to one went over Atlanta.
Panthers shot out, watched in five-goth and last night.
How about that sim card, huh?
A big sim card about him.
Anyway.
Everyone in the world is innocent till Peruvian Guilty Gresky said he's a great guy and a good friend.
He's just going through a tough time now.
Obviously, and we've got to let it run its course.
Tucket, if now, is that in Jersey, a state trooper,
rested in connection with a gambling ring, cases his friend.
Tucket said he would cooperate with the investigation.
We already said that Mr. Tucket's conduct and no way involved betting on a hockey.
NHL's Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly, who's almost as dumb as Gary Bentman said.
And while betting on football or other sports may be the pervasive issue,
it no way justifies poor judgment or otherwise alleged inappropriate conduct.
The NHL's conducting its own infernal investigation.
So have no fear because Bill Daly is here.
Remember that song, won't you come home, Bill Daly?
Well, you remember him.
What? What you remember?
That was Jack Bailey from Averdon Downs.
I want to watch the game again, because Leafs won a game.
Wow. What a save, huh? You impressed by that?
No.
Anyway, I've got to get to those very important articles.
Also, the article about how Carl Rove is like counting heads on the same genesis here at the committee.
And they're putting a lot of pressure on everyone of those Republicans because if they lose that,
they got a real tourist baby.
They got a real tourist and embarrassment.
If even his own party say like Arlene Inspector is saying,
hey, guess what? You're violating the law.
Because that could certainly lead to like impeachment and speechment, you know what I'm saying?
What he said?
I said, let's go for it.
Do it.
Lasing Saddles continues leading the pack.
That is just talk about infernal.
That just isn't furiating.
It's so outrageous.
Other than Godfather, a movie could have watched a trillion times 846 votes.
We'll get that 1000 so easy.
You hear that phone ringing in the back, by the way?
No, but I could arrange it.
Lasing Saddles 118, 12th fiction 87,
Animeul House 66, my cousin Vinny 64,
National Anthem vacation 56,
and Wizard of Oz 44.
Now of that group, of that group,
let's see, my cousin Vinny, I don't think I saw.
I've seen all the other ones.
And National Anthem vacation is funny, but I've seen it 40 times already.
Sure.
Of that first six, there's not one I want to see again.
Not one.
In fact, 12 fiction, I'm sorry, I saw it the first two or three times.
I tried watching the whole all the way through.
And then I started scraping at me and he's off my phone.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAZ.
Join the Anorasion, Chard Guns today.
Having some down on Christmas and fun.
All right.
Well, your friends away, we'll back you all away.
And if you're spending your right to one of time,
when you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter when you catch her feeder.
Carry a life and to be deadly.
Come on and join today.
This is Neil Rogers, my name's Maria Membruglian.
Array!
Aim for the beast.
Aim for the chest.
Aim for the head.
Aim for the Larry Love.
Strike in your skin.
Aim for the head.
Be there to the best.
Your right to one of the best.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to stay.
You're a member of the Anorasion.
How's it going?
1132-20 until 9 o'clock a.m.
We got Gellie at 2 o'clock.
We apologize for that.
Mad Dog at 4 with some wild stories about his wife and kids in Detroit.
Anyhow, Madagolini.
Is that Madagolini?
Macaroni.
Anyhow, Madagolini.
Why do we care about this?
I never heard of this guy.
I was just a fact.
Born of every 1028,
and Tanya Composer especially noticed for his film and scores.
His composed the scores in more than 500 films in TV series,
although only 30 of those are for Western films.
It's for this work and that he's best known.
Madagolini's far-style composition for the genre is especially exemplified
by the soundtracks of the classics for getting Westerns the good,
the bad and the ill-rodgers.
I once upon a time in the West.
In more recent years, his haunting scores for the...
Oh, well, wait a minute.
He did once upon a time in the West.
Did he also do once upon a time in America?
He's got to make that up.
No, no.
It's surgeryally only directed once upon a time in America.
No.
And once upon a time in the West.
In more recent years, his haunting scores for the mission,
the Untutables and Cinema Paradiso.
That was a great movie.
Have demonstrated his...
Yes, the minutes and the power of his work.
Didn't see the mission.
You see the Ultimate Paradiso?
Yeah, I did. A lot of urine.
Okay, now his little trivia for you.
Who actually whistled on his own record?
Love letters in the sand.
Got records.
1938 or 9.
I don't know.
Pat Boone.
He was a whistling part?
No, I'd better look that up.
And you better get with it, man.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon Singular.
I don't have a brand.
Huh?
I have got...
You don't have a lover who isn't a sand by Pat Boone?
No, I got Moody River and Steen and Eacon Dulles.
No, we sure don't want to hear neither of them.
Yeah, thank you.
Okay, here's line 9, which we might give a shot once.
And there's nobody on.
That's probably a big improvement over what was there.
Not our favorite lines.
I like that line, though, because he gets a few yucks off it.
WCYM, hello.
Hey, now I got one for your ball.
Yes, sir.
What about Pink Floyd the Wall?
Okay.
No, I don't know.
Yeah, if you like Pink Floyd, I guess you want to see them as Sing, right?
I don't want to see them here.
I mean, I actually see them in the movie, but it's a great movie.
Okay, well, I'll take your word for it.
5670560, what would anybody want to see that over and over again, though?
What was it like you said if you liked the music?
It's a good movie.
And the music.
I got another one.
If we're going to do that, I'll give you another one.
Okay, sure.
What about standing in the shadows of Motown?
Is that track liver, huh?
I'll take Motown 80 over your Pink Floyd, mister.
Pink sounds awfully gay to me.
Let's put something really boosh on there like the punk brothers in Ben Harper.
I'll tell you what this crap fact.
That's all.
Get in the bus and go to Harper Woods and get our wife feed up.
We're having a party.
I bet you wonder how I'm doing.
I'm joking.
And some bits of blue.
How do you like that?
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I'm in heaven, you've got to do that again.
I saw it in the theater the first time.
You saw it in the theater with vert renels in the Dom Del Wies, 13 years old or 14.
I'll tell you.
Okay, Senator, I'm smoking the band to put that thing on there.
Okay, Karl Rove, counting heads on the Senate Judiciary Committee.
The White House has been twisting arms to ensure that no Republican member votes against President Bush
and they said in Judiciary Committee's investigation of the administrations unauthorized wiretapping.
Congressional sources said, depending chief of staff, Karl Rove has threatened to blacklist any Republican votes against the President.
The sources said the blacklist would mean a halt in any White House political or financial support of senators running for reelection in November.
It's hardball all the way a senior GOP congressional aide said.
The sources said the administrations been alarmed over the damage that could result from the Senate hearings which began on Monday.
They said that the effects of even a handful of Republican committee members could result in a determination that the President violated the 1978 Ford and Tudden Surveillance Act such a determination could lead to impeachment proceeding.
Over the last few weeks, Mr. Rove has been calling in virtually every Republican on the Senate committee as well as the leadership in Congress.
The sources said Mr. Rove's message has been that a vote against Mr. Bush would destroy GOP prospects and congressional elections as fall.
Rove is lining them up one by one another congressional source said.
Mr. Rove is leading the White House campaign to help the GOP in November's congressional elections.
The sources said the White House has offered to help loyalists with money and free publicity such as appearances and photo-offs with your President.
Those deemed this loyal to Mr. Rove would appear on his blacklist, the sources said dozens of GOP members in the House and Senate are on that list.
So far only a handful of GOP senators have questioned Mr. Rove's tactics.
Some have raised doubts about Mr. Rove's strategy of painting the Democrats of a pose on more than surveillance as being dismissive of the Third Poise by Al-Qaeda terrorists.
Well, I don't like what Mr. Rove said because it frames terrorism and issue of terrorism and everything that goes with it.
Whether it's the renewal of the Patriot Act or the NSA wiretapping in a political context that has been asked over the rest of the Republican Chuck Hagel.
He's going to get himself blacklisted pretty soon.
You know, if he don't watch his peace and cues, he's always out there in the lim that Chuck Hagel.
He's not goose-stepping in the line and I'm not too happy about that.
And then Arlen Specterman, all of a sudden that cancer might just come back real fast like he did in Jack Ruby if he don't watch his peace and cues.
Maybe that's why he got religion.
And that could be it.
I mean, that's why his hair started growing back in.
Or maybe it went to see Chuck Alphieri.
That's what a clean college it's all to.
5, 6, 7, now let's see.
We've got those two on this whole cartoon crap, which like I said, it's a bunch of crap.
It's all orchestrated. The Christopher Hitchens article is probably the best thing I've ever read on the year.
And the saddest part is that we don't have 20 million people listening.
That's the sad part.
All this crap is reading newspaper article.
And that's right, I'm reading because you're not.
Because you're busy watching blazing saddles over and over and over again.
And the Wizard of Oz.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5, 6, 7, 8, and...
Yeah, kid baby!
And now, the show that's the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
My fellow Americans, I come before you tonight to explain why it's okay for me to easy drop on your telephone conversations.
You see, I only listen to the calls of suspected outsider terrorists.
I never listen to the calls of good honest God-faring patriotic Americans.
Oh, oh, by the way, if Betty DuBois from Pueblo, Colorado is watching tonight.
Your husband's cheating on you with your sister.
And that nice guy who just moved in across the street, he ain't divorced. He's gay.
But there's nothing wrong with that. You know, unless he's a cowboy.
Come back next time for a fair imbalance.
I'm the host of the most passionate conservative view of our government in action.
Only on the West Texas Wing.
17 to 9 o'clock a.m. to Miami-based TV reporters and two cameramen were injured and briefly jailed by the Hamean police,
while covering the intention of Cuban migrants on the island mon.
Ready for that?
Okay.
Manual Valejo, a reporter with WLTV, University on 23, sustained a cut to his head yesterday.
It was treated at a local hospital received seven stitches and released.
And back in Miami today says you're a hero.
Camera man has followed Duarte.
Also channel 23 was arrested along with telemundo channel 51 reported Alberto Tavarez and cameraman Lazaro Obrejo.
The men were eventually released. It's unclear if all their equipment was returned.
Well, it's one thing if they, you know, if they don't give you back your equipment, I'm telling you.
Emilio Marrero, channel 23's new director, said, Vallejo and Duarte had been an asshole covering the plot of seven Cubans.
Rest you last week from a deserted Bahamian island on Tuesday the crew was outside the Carmichael detentions center where the group was being detained.
They were there to cover a reunion between the migrants and the Miami brothers who flew down.
We don't know what happened but things got out of hand.
On the air, Vallejo said the scuffle began as he was on his cell phone with the station back in Miami,
reported that Obrejo was being arrested.
If the Hamean officer grabbed him and slammed the gap against the parked car, he split his head above his eyebrow. Marrero said.
Cuban migrants had complained to Vallejo that the guards had been mistreating them when they arrived at the center.
It sounds almost like that episode in China, you know.
Very much.
Thank God we got freedom of the press all around the world and people can report the truth.
Like for example, in cartoons.
I'm going to take my time and read these very carefully because like I said, I'm right on the edge of a cold experience.
You ever have a cold experience?
No.
Like what? Like, said, everybody didn't have a lukewarm experience.
The cartoon, this is by Thomas Lichten and the website this is from is realclearpolitics.com.
The cartoon crisis which has left embassies ablaze and sparked riots from Beirut to Bangkok and Jakarta was a set up job
planned and executed by a group of Muslim leaders from Denmark in concert with the leading lights of the Islamic world.
They conspired as used supremely inflammatory phony cartoons never published in the Danish newspaper,
islands post and to gin up a campaign of violence and intimidation against Denmark, the EU and the West.
The instantaneous availability of Danish flags for burning and obscure outpost of the Muslim world suggests a great deal of advanced planning.
Don't you have a bunch of Danish flags laying around there?
Oh, just some Danish's.
No.
Those involved in taking a four month old incident in far away Denmark, he making a new crisis,
roiling the streets of Beirut, Bangkok and Jakarta among other Muslim outposts include Arabli Secretary Amr Musa,
Grand Imam of Al-Hazar Mosheq Mohammed Sayed Tantawi, and Sunni Islam's most influential scholar,
Yusuf Al-Kardawi, coined Lorenzo Vidino of the Counterterrorism blog.
These are very heavy hitters in the Uma, the world of their community of Muslims.
Two questions raised themselves about this crisis manufactured by the who's who of the world in Islam,
why was the time created and put into effect and why now?
The answer to the second question is likely found in the need to whip up Muslim unity in the face of a,
of several severe challenges to the world's political agenda.
As Richard Beir notes, the new Hamas government, the Palestinian territories,
needs to continue on life support by occasion fusions from the European Union and other donor nations,
including the U.S.
Fear and chasinging have usually worked to unlock resources and sympathy in the past, so why not now?
Meanwhile, Iran is facing potentially serious consequences from the Refrilabit nuclear program
to the UN Security Council, not to mention a possible military attack on said facilities.
Syria and its clients in Lebanon also face ongoing pressure and consequences
from the assassination of former Lebanese president, Prime Minister Hariri.
At such a time, anti-Western anger serves the United Nations,
the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations,
and the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations,
Those answers to question to alone may seem to be sufficient to generate an answer to question one,
but there are longer term, far more important strategic goals being advanced,
matters beyond the immediate tactical considerations of hard-ball geopolitics
no matter how serious these immediate concerns may be.
President Bush has repeatedly made the argument that we must work with
and strengthen the forces of moderate Islam to combat those who have hijacked a great religion.
Although it's far too impolite for any political leader to admit,
the real terms of the struggle we face are as follows.
A subset of the world's 1.4 billion or so Muslims wants to destroy freedom of religion
and impose a real law on all humanity.
The global caliphate is the name for this ideal slate toward which they strive
and for which many will happily sacrifice their lives.
Even the smallest estimates numbered these activists recently labeled Islam
a fascist, but existing virtually throughout the almost 1400 years of Islam in the millions.
Ever since Muslim conquerors ruled out of Arabia in the century following Muhammad's death,
Islam has sought to spread the true faith throughout the world.
The injunction to force the rest of humanity to choose between conversion and death
or demoted to is not merely a matter of saving souls,
the power of driving Christian evangelism or compassion for fellow men trapped in suffering,
the mode of driving Buddhist outreach.
Islam is dictated by a scripture it's not merely a matter of personal faith,
it's also a political system forever unchangeable based on the Quran and Hadith,
whatever that is. Hadith?
Two, a much larger subset of the Umalax deep commitment to establishing a global caliphate
and watches for signals to guide its behavior toward each other and other faiths,
most Muslims like other human beings just want to get along and take care of their families and their lives.
For them, whatever political and religious system has power where they live is the one they'll follow,
however grudgingly or enthusiastically their circumstances and values may incline them to do.
Three, there is abundant scripture and tradition sanctioning the use of extreme violence against those
who in any way are seen to deny Maka and Salma have it in Islam or any of their teachings.
Four, the only way that Islam will fascism can be defeated in the world's Muslim-Zillab and Harmony with other faiths
is today's interconnected world is for questions of faith to be discussed without fear.
Fundamental questions need to be debated among Muslims without the use of violence against unbelievers
and those Muslims who dare question any scriptural teachings.
The rest of us must be permitted to express opinions as well.
Muslim immigrant and Dutch member of parliament, Hirsi Ali, who now is living a hiding under death threats,
makes the point convincingly.
A free discussion of Islam remains rare and dangerous, certainly in Islamic world and even in our politically correct times in the West.
A postacy is still punishable by long prison sentences and even death in many Islamic countries such as Pakistan and Iran.
You cannot liberalize Islam without criticizing the prophet in the Quran.
You cannot redecorate a house without entering inside.
Those who seek the same goal as the Islam of fascists, the global brain of Islam is the unchallenged religion of humanity.
Understand Hirsi Ali's point very well.
For them it's essential that ordinary members of the Umand never see fundamental questions raised and never start raising them on their own.
For once degrees of individual autonomy are graded on spiritual questions and the right to question makeup on someone's own mind becomes established,
the top-down pattern of the finely sanctioned authority inherently idea of global caliphate collapses.
Moderate Muslims by definition are people recognize some limits on scriptural injunctions to spread the faith by violence, questioning religious injunctions from others,
and deciding for oneself the best answers is the only way such moderation will spread in the Umah.
Remember that song Papa Umah?
I do.
By seeking to establish a global norm, a custom enforced by social sanction, not law, that Sharia-Rei restrictions shall apply even in non-Muslim lands,
the Islam of fascists are engaging in prophylaxis, preventing the disease of free discussion and debate over topics they wish to control exclusively from ever gaining traction and possibly spreading to their own constituency.
It is quite understandable that caring sensitive Westerners seek to avoid offending the religious sensibilities of any serious believers, Muslims included, such empathy is normally a highly commendable impulse, but.
Exceeding to the demand that those most willing to use violence be allowed to control the discussion and stifle debate among impudels and Muslims alike is a betrayal of not only the moderate Muslims, but of all those who hope someday to live in peace with the Islam that grants legitimacy to religious dissent and the claims of other faiths.
How you like that?
It's all a set-up deal man. It's all a hype job.
Speaking of hype job.
Second party is restraints spending.
Yeah, and restraints spending.
Yeah, that's why we're giving all the, we're making permanent those tax cuts for the rich, all his big buddies.
Yeah, some people call you my, what was it?
What was it?
And then in the Fahrenheit and I have 11. Some people call you my constituency, I call you my base.
Oh, my base, yeah.
Yeah, my base.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah.
Now the article by Christopher Hitchens, which I think is going to take too long.
Isn't it?
No, no.
What do you mean by?
No, I mean too long to read.
I see.
I just want to start it off and I say, I cut it off in midstream.
There's nothing worse than starting something really good and then cutting it off in midstream.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for the rest of the day then.
Oh boy.
56670560.
We're wide open here for all these silly ass movies you want to put on here.
And we'll be good to watch in a certain times other than the Godfather.
We don't know no Godfather.
908, that's kind of great.
It's pretty the new yet.
We got over 900 votes.
How about you even Josh's in a coma?
Ha ha ha ha.
I'm whipped up, man.
No, you're in a coma.
You're not listening to this, this stuff I'm reading.
You're eating lunch.
No, I'm done with lunch.
You don't care about network.
You don't care about Islam.
You don't care about these cartoons.
All these people are getting killed because of the fact that they dare to publish it in
which they didn't publish the cartoon in the first place.
It's just a pack of lies.
In addition to which the cartoons that they did print were back in September.
And here it is almost the middle of February.
And that's almost this range.
All these people in the hinterlands have these Danish flags to start burning.
It's one thing to reach in the cupboard and pull out a nice cheese Danish.
It's another thing to reach in the closet and pull out a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Or a Danish flag.
Copenhagen is okay.
It's kind of boring now.
You know what I'm saying?
So in some other words, I find where you are, I'd like to go to Torino.
Oh yeah, I've got big flags.
Torino.
Go see the Winter Olympics.
Torino.
Torino and Torino.
Get some Torino and Torino.
And you can take Mr. Mancini with you if he ain't dead yet.
There has something to eat.
There you go.
And wash off your...
Come to QAM.
Hello.
Hey, NL2 for the pad, man.
Yeah.
Okay, how about Grand Valley, Grand Royal?
It's on there, man.
And how about...
You've got to help me, Rick.
You know what that's for, right?
You know what that's for, right?
You know what I'm saying?
Where is it?
I see your wife and I haven't got Andy what he's talking about.
I've never seen it, but I've seen that clip.
It's the multi-stalking.
Oh, the multi-stalking.
I think...
Oh, or if he's a grandma.
I'm not sure.
I don't know.
Is it Rick?
The Casablanca guy?
You're asking me?
Or did I ever sell it?
Well, I did about 100 years ago.
When I put no Humphrey Bogar movies on it.
What about the Cane I Mutiny?
Sure I watched it again the other day.
See, there you go.
Let's get that on it.
The Cane Mutiny.
Let's spell it right, okay.
Ah, who cares?
Cane cane.
See, I.N.E. Cane Mutiny.
Mutiny on the counter.
Got it, Josh?
He's got it.
No wonder they don't want to pay him.
5, 6, 7.
I got a really exciting story about that new 8-speed.
Since we're so movie intensive lately again,
we go through these cycles where we come extremely movie intensive.
HD, DVD is coming.
Yeah.
And right, I told you that to a chevy swim.
And I wouldn't say I'd be out next month.
And I'm going to be one of the first ones I might block together.
I was the minute that comes in.
I won it.
I won it.
And Josh.
And the TV's to go with it.
Oh well, Josh is finding that big go 52.
It's so, that came by and so on.
Yeah.
Was that how it goes?
I thought now that you've got the big bucks coming from that java with air power.
Yeah.
Just because you're working for free for QIM.
Did you ever get that deal straight in out?
Or is it just another pack of lives that you still want in the stallion?
The deal is a pending.
It's pending.
It's pending, as we like to say.
It's an important pending.
Well, that sounds obvious.
I'll be looking at it.
You updated it.
It's almost stalling you off.
They're just stalling.
This is their famous routine.
They do this all the time.
Well, one good thing to know is that John the Baker will probably bring another feast again very soon.
That will probably pop right on there.
Or already talking about it.
Graham.
Because these guys were just raving about how great the pizza was and the garlic rolls, which
are as big as Kimberville campers, fist and just soft and garlicy and delicious.
I was soaring garlic the whole rest of the day.
John the Baker, he's been around a long time.
In fact, I used to go in North Miami on Dixie Highway years ago.
That's how long John the Baker has been around in town for like a zillion years.
He was the 95-96 businessman of the year in North Miami as a matter of fact.
And now he's got two occasions for you with his fantastic Italian goodies.
You got one in Pembroke Pines, it's 125-92 Pines Boulevard.
And a new location just opened on Sterling Road at Pine Island Cooper City at 8835 Sterling Road.
The food is fantastic.
The prices are low.
You can walk in there like a slobber in a tuxedo, whatever you like.
We're talking down home excited in favorites like Lasagna, chicken parmesan, veal and peppers, cannelloni,
oversized, hot and cold subs.
And that famous, I can't wait to travel in these.
You'll have to send it up to me in a box.
The famous sloppy sausage sub.
Mmm.
Got to sell somebody to eat one of those.
Really?
Were they sloppy?
Oh yeah.
And how about their sausage?
And of course you can't see enough about the fantastic pizza.
And like I said, everything at John the Baker's is coach fresh and at low unbeatable prices too.
So you can take the whole family for a feast all the time.
In Pepper Pines for a takeout called 954-431-4315.
That's 125-92 Pines Boulevard.
And in Cooper City called 954-252-0091.
You'll find John the Baker at 8835 Sterling Road on the corner of Sterling and Pine Island.
Cooper City just isn't getting any better than John the Baker.
I get tongue-tied just thinking about it.
And I guarantee you, Duffel, we'll bring in some goodies mighty soon.
This is Neil Roger.
Dr. Ferret.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
And now, another verse of Celebrity poetry.
Once an icon and sitting on top, Gordon is the magic for the king of pop.
His name now causes the public to blanche and so does the sound of Neverland Ranch.
He's bad for kids like booze and tobacco.
What a year it was for Waco Jacko.
It's small, little green Peter Van Costume hanging up at a book in his master bedroom.
He'd read to children in PJs of Silk while offering the miners cookies and milk.
But that too was over its time to abort otherwise they'll drag him back into court.
He's packed all his toys and moved overseas.
He's fucked up his squirmyl and little tikes, teens.
But still Michael Plains, he did nothing wrong as he sets up a game of Donkey Kong.
His lip shake and quiver, his colon spastic, his face looks as if it was made from plastic.
He plays hide and seek and rides his unicycle.
The strangest men alive's first name is Michael.
This has been another verse of Celebrity poetry.
And right in line with that, before I get to your buddy, Christopher Hitzons, who are nearly we can't stand.
An Italian priest who runs a music label specializing in religious songs said yesterday or Monday
that Michael Jackson could be one of several artists to sing on a CD of Pope John Paul II's prayers.
The question that the project is only a small idea that has yet to be run by the Vatican for approval.
I have to run it on by a committee.
See if the switch guard approves it.
The label Edits Young and Music Halle Tetsu Millennial.
See, I'm only reading the story because I want to say that.
The label Edits Young and Music Halle Tetsu Millennial.
Very nice.
I do my Italian really. I have no idea what it is.
Something about music edition of Third Demolion.
Third so, I don't know what.
Has in past years introduced a famous actor who is reciting poems composed by the late Pondiff.
Now the reverend Giuseppe Moscotti,
said he's considering producing a CD in which singers perform songs that were on from 24 prayers penned by John Paul.
They probably got recorded in Torino.
It's only a hope and idea Moscotti said at telephone, the viewer stressed that the recording label will have to buy the rights from Il Vaticano.
We still have to propose this to the Vatican, Moscotti.
He said he added that any production would have to show respect for the greatness of John Paul.
Yeah, your mama.
And each of it was a snapping dress of them.
Oh yeah.
Not only do I have the Christopher Hitchens article, but guess what else?
And this one's too long for me to read.
No, it's not. I'm going to read it anyway.
Ted Roll.
Oh, I love Ted Roll.
Edits Carton.
The blind leading the blind, the nanny press and the cartoon controversy.
That's Ted Roll's column.
Should be on our website tomorrow, I do believe.
Or maybe it's on here today.
I don't know.
And as a cartoonist, I'm eager to hear his insights.
Oh, we still have to propose this to the Vatican.
The priest said music industry contacts.
It has been quite about Jackson's participation, but said we haven't met him or heard from him.
Jackson spoke to him in a ring, Ramon K. Baines said that about a year ago,
Jackson was contacted by the Vatican to work on some music.
Because he was in trial at the time, we wasn't able to focus on it.
Focus, focus.
He's trying to get his focus.
The pop star, but it'd be put a boop.
We know that.
But it's a Vatican official said they're unaware of any contacts with Michael Michael,
but they sure would like to share.
I'm not think I don't think they're talking about music.
Okay, let's see what movies you got.
Here's one from about the gravy line.
Yeah, they're wrong, but let's keep it.
Oh, you'll get a music.
Jim and Tom Beach, who obviously need some very serious assistance.
You had talked about Graveline a few weeks ago.
I think this is the same guy as cigar Dave.
Now, cigar Dave's name is Dave Zeppler.
It's okay. He has nothing to do with. He's not.
If I'm correct, he's another one who was right wing Nazi back.
Since I was listening on W.I. and Z several seven days ago,
and a cigar show came on. No, that's not the gravy line at all.
And immediately began pontificating for the Bush crime family, other Nazis.
He talked a little about cigars.
Then we'll go back preaching the right wing, Bulshmitt.
That was enough for me.
First of all, when I heard him on W.I.O.D., I thought he was a A-hole
and hearing him again confirm my assessment.
I'm not sure if you're aware of this, or I thought I'd pass this along.
My movie suggestion is the longest yard, the original.
Jim, I'll listen to this since 87.
Well, let's off the office time for old sakes, several times sake.
I'll catch you a Davey gravy line straight enough.
And I'm sure Davey will be very miffed and upset to be confused with cigar Dave Zeppler.
Who you're right is a real A-hole, believe you me.
So let me ask you something.
So, was Davey gravy like?
I don't know.
Then you got, well, I'm sure he's still doing that syndicated to deal with his.
He came out again.
Thanks, sir.
Married that chick with her young kids.
Nioh sorry to be chronic, but Mike and Melbourne, they could leave the silence to the land.
How could they leave it off the pole?
I've watched it several times, but I don't need to see it again.
Do you?
No.
I hate this never.
But some problem.
I'm a nice, clean auntie.
Never know we ever see him in Moe together, same guy.
By the way, can you play Lyme in the Coke, but I like the lemon in the Pepsi better?
It took the Lyme, what's that called?
It's a Bokeh brain.
Don't forget what I told you.
Good news.
You got, diet, Lyme, Pepsi.
No, I can't find it.
Well, I got it.
What do they call it?
A bit?
I don't know.
It's a Bokeh brain bit.
Lyme in the Pepsi.
Or Lyme in the Coke.
I don't know.
That's what it's called.
That's not called either one of Lyme or something.
They put it.
Maybe it's called Pepsi, uh-huh?
I'm a little Pepsi French toast.
You're going to have to find out from chicken neck.
I don't know what it's called.
I'll play it.
I'm thumbing through it here.
No, okay, thumb through it.
Here, I read this yesterday and again, I think I should read it every day.
Because this, this echo is exactly where a lot of us are coming from.
Okay, a lot of us who got a brain larger than a P in a pod.
Christopher Hitchens writes, and this is on slate.
So it's not some, unless I said it, not some liberal propaganda.
Card tune debate, the case for mocking religion by Christopher Hitchens.
As well as being a small masterpiece of inarticulacy and self-abundation,
the statement from the State Department about this week's International Muslim program
against the Free Press was also accidentally accurate.
Anti-Muslim images are as unacceptable as anti-Semitic images,
as anti-Christian images, or any other religious belief.
Thus, the hapless Sean McCormick reading painfully slowly
from what was reported as a prepared government statement.
How appalling for the country of the First Amendment to be represented
by such an administration?
What does he mean, unacceptable?
That it should be forbidden?
And how abysmal that a spokesman can often distinguish between
criticism of a belief system and slander against the people?
However, the illiterate McCormick is right and unintentionally comparing
racist labels to religious faith.
How many people have pointed out that the Arab and Muslim press is replete
with anti-Jewish caricature, often of the most lurid and hateful kind?
In one way, the comparison is hopelessly inexact.
These foul items mostly appear in countries where the state decides
what is published or broadcast.
However, when Muslims republish the protocols of the elders of Zion
or perpetuate the story of Jewish blood sacrifice at Passover,
they're recycling the fantasies of the Russian Orthodox Christian secret police
and the centuries of Roman Catholic and Lutheran propaganda.
And when an Israeli politician refers to Palestinians as snakes or pigs or monkeys,
it is near the way certainly that he'll be a rabbi.
Most usually a rabbi of Ovedia, Yosef, leader of the disgracedful Shost party,
and will cite the Illumina authority for his racism.
For most of human history, religion and bigotry have been two sides of the same coin
and its skills shows.
Therefore, there is a strong case for saying that the Danish newspaper,
Ireland's Posten, and those have reprinted its efforts out of solidarity,
are affirming the right to criticize not merely Islam or religion in general.
And the Bush administration has no business at all expressing an opinion on that.
If it has anything to say, it's constitutionally obliged to uphold the right and no more.
You can be sure that the relevant European newspapers have also printed their share of cartoons,
making fun of nuns and popes, and Messianic Israeli settlers,
and taunting childraping priests.
There was a time when this would not have been possible,
but those taboos have been broken.
Which is what taboos are for.
Islam makes very large claims for itself.
In its art, there is a prejudice against representing the human form at all.
The prohibition on picturing the prophet, which was only another male mammal, is apparently absolute.
So is the prohibition on pork, or alcohol, or in some Muslim societies, music or dancing.
Dining, dancing.
Very well then, let a good Muslim abstain rigorously from all of these.
But if he claims the right to make me abstain as well, he offers a clear as possible warning
and proof of an aggressive intent.
This current uneasy coexistence is only an interlude, he seems to say.
For the moment, all I can do is claim to possess absolute truth and demand absolute immunity from criticism.
But in the future, you'll do what I say, and you'll do it in pain of death.
I refuse to be spoken to in that tone of voice, which just happens, I chance to find offensive.
By the way, hasn't the word offensive really become offensive lately?
The innate human revulsion against this creation is much older than any monotheism.
Its most powerful expression is in the antigeny of Sophocles.
It belongs to civilization.
I'm not asking for the right to slaughter a pig in a synagogue, or a mosque, or to believe myself on a holy book,
but I won't be told I can't eat pork, and I will not respect those who burn books on a regular basis.
I too have strong convictions and beliefs and value the enlightenment above any pre-sitter sacred fetish object.
It's revolving to me to breathe the same air as waltz from the exhalation to the madrasas,
or the wreaking fumes of the suicide murderers, or the sermons of Billy Graham and Joseph Ratzinger.
But the same principles of mine also prevent me from wreaking random violence on Manero's Church,
or kidnapping a Muslim and random and holding a hostage, or violating diplomatic immunity by attacking the embassy or the envoys
of even the most despotic Islamic state, or making a moronic spectacle of myself threatening blood and fire to far away individuals,
who may have hurt my feelings.
The babyish, rumor-fueled tantrums that erupt all the time, especially in the Islamic world, show yet again,
that faith belongs to the spoil and selfish childhood of our species.
As it happens, the cartoons themselves are not very brilliant or very mortent either,
but if Muslims don't want to relax profit identified with barbaric acts of adolescent fantasies,
they should say publicly that random murder for virgins is not in their religion.
And here one runs up against the curious reluctance.
In fact, sooning Muslims can't even seem to condemn the blowing up of Shi'i Mosque and funeral possessions,
which even I would describe as sacrilege.
Of course, there are many millions of Muslims who do worry about this,
and another reason for condemning the idiots at Foggy Bottom is their assumption dangerous in many ways
that the first lens mob on the scene is actually the genuine voice of the people.
There's an insult to Islam, if you like.
The question of offensiveness is easy to decide.
First, suppose that we all agreed to come, come,
to import ourselves in order to avoid defending the believers.
How can we ever be sure that we'd take enough precautions?
On Saturday, I appeared on CNN, which was so terrified of reprisal,
that it pixelated the very cartoons that viewers needed to see.
And this ignoble fear in Atlanta, Georgia, arose because of an illustration in the small Scandinavian newspaper,
which nobody ever heard before.
It is it not clear then that those who are determined to be offended will discover a provocation somewhere?
We can't possibly adjust enough to please the fanatics, and it's degrading to make the attempt.
Second, and important enough to be insisted upon,
can the discussion be carried out without the threat of violence or the automatic resort to it?
When Salman Rushdie published the Satanic verses in 1988,
he did so in the hope of forwarding a discussion that was already opening in the Muslim world
between extreme, coranic literalists, and those who hoped that the text could be interpreted.
We know what his own reward was, and we sometimes forget that the fat way was directed not just against him,
but against all those involved in his publication,
which led to the murder of the books Japanese translator and the near deaths of another translator and one publisher.
I went on Crossfire at one point to debate some spokesman for outrage's faith,
and said that we on our side would happily debate the propriety of using holy writ for literary and artistic purposes,
but that we would not exchange a word until they pressed on the other side of the podium and put away his gun.
The menacing Muslim big mouth on the other side refused to force where state sponsored subordinate of assassination,
and was of course backed up by the Catholic bigot Papu Cannon.
The same point holds for international relations.
There can be no negotiation under duress or under the threat of blackmail and assassination,
and civil society means that free expression comes to the emotions of anyone,
to whom free expression might be inconvenient.
It's depressing to have to restate these obvious precepts,
and it's positively outrageous that the administrations have discarded them at the very first sign of a fight.
I think we ought to read that like every hour.
I love it.
I think you ought to read it. Read it better than I can.
I will put it up.
Fumbling and bundling.
You ought to read it.
I'll put Josh read it.
Let's say Josh read it.
What do you say Josh?
Oh right.
Oh right.
Don't forget Sister Mary Magister,
she said, no we'll give her the allot on.
I want everyone to have the real story is there,
with his wife and kid getting into a scuffle and Detroit at the bar,
because some punk made some derogatory comment about Mrs. Magdog,
and as a result her son came to her immediately to her rescue or whatever,
and in suede scene.
And they got hold off of the hoosco,
and they're out and fine, everything's okay.
But yeah, can't find anything about it.
Although everybody in the building was hyperventilating,
and the clearance was like that this morning.
You notice that?
What is it?
They're all nervous.
He's, he's, he's, he's.
I didn't see his tongue at all.
Sure, but he's, he's the most irritating human being on the face of you.
There, there's nobody even close, you know?
Right?
Always fishing around, fishing around.
Are you upset?
Yeah, and if I say no, he, then how come you're not upset, you know?
Aren't you pissed off about something?
No, well, well, why not?
Well, what if I do this?
And then, and then of course when he told me about these light bulbs
last forever on the board here,
that was, that was a revelation speaking to religion.
That was very, very new light bulbs we didn't know about.
I never knew that they made light bulbs that last a lifetime.
Did you?
No, I remember the call of Edison.
He'd be excited to know that.
1213, there's the thing about the low fat diamonds.
It's a pile of crap, okay?
Do not believe anything that Dean Orgis tells you.
It's all a bunch of, that's it.
If you're in a dead end job, this is no crap.
You've had a chance to get out of that dead end and get you a real life.
If your New Year's resolution is a high-paying career,
then do something about it right now.
Pick up that phone and call our friends at Fastrain right now.
We've got about 1-866 fast train.
They'll get you trained already for a new high-paying career just a few short months.
That's correct.
In just a few short months, you can turn it around in your life too.
The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
And Fastrain offers convenient day, evening, and weekend classes,
job placement assistants financially for people to qualify.
So pick up that phone right now and call Fastrain 866 Fastrain.
There's absolutely no obligation.
Like I said,
Fastrain's placed over 100 people just like you in 2005.
So check them out on the web at Fastrain.com and act right now to get you a new high-paying career
because classes are filling up fast.
Get out of that dead end job and get you a real big fat paycheck
and the life that goes along with having some cash from real freedom.
Call 1-866 Fastrain and tell them that the anxious Todd Dreck told you to call.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-Jub.
Do might mention my name to Wright's Master Gary.
What do you better do?
You're supposed to be an expert to be a lawyer.
I never press your asses to be respected.
Very good.
You may continue.
You may continue.
You may continue.
You may continue.
You may continue.
You may continue.
You may continue.
It's 12-18-5-6.
Let's play the real one now.
OK, it'll write a 205 as soon as the guild gets on.
You hear that ringing, the phone ringing in the back?
No, I'm not.
That was that guy talking about.
10-Roll writes, the bland leading the blind, the nanny press and the cartoon controversy.
Of course, it was a provocation in September the editor of a right-wing Danish newspaper decided to test cartoonists
to see if they were self-sensoring their work out of fear of violence from Islamic radicals.
Though some declined, 12 artists accepted the editors invitation to make a letter to the prophet Muhammad
and submitted work equating Islam with terrorism and the oppression of women among other things.
Five months later, editor Fleming Rose has learned that cartoonists have good reason to watch what they draw.
Thousands of demonstrators furious at the publication's violation of an Islamic structure banning graphic depictions of the prophet.
March to the streets of Cairo, Karachi, Istanbul, Tehran and Afghanistan, where at least five people were killed by police.
Government took over the European Union office in Gaza.
Mob's burned Danish flags and called for a Muslim boycott of Danish goods.
Iran withdrew its ambassador from Copenhagen.
Danes were ordered to flee Lebanon after Mob's burned the Danish consulates in Damascus and Beirut, where they also trashed a Christian neighborhood.
The Danish cartoonists have been threatened with beheading, are presumably catching up on their Salman Rushdie while they weather the storm.
Adding fuel to the fire, said the Times were a group of Denmark's fundamentalist Muslim clerics, who took their show on the road last fall,
traveling around the Middle East, showing a package that included cartoons, that it actually never appeared in any newspaper.
Some depicting Muhammad as a pedophile, a pig, were engaged in Bistiology.
What I said was theology. Newspapers in France, Germany, elsewhere further fan the flames by reprinting the Danish drawings.
Being provoked, as I tell myself, on a signal to Sean Hannity, doesn't justify reacting with violence.
And as Kuwaiti oil executive, Samia Aldoia, whatever his name is, pointed out to Time Magazine, there are better reasons to torch embassies than over cartoons.
America kills thousands of Muslims, and you lose your head and withdraw ambassadors over a bunch of cartoons printed in the second-rate newspaper in Nordic country with a population of five million.
That's the true outrage. As the only syndicated political cartoonist who also writes this syndicated column, by living depends on freedom of the press.
I can't decide who's a bigger threat, that the deluded Islamists who opened up post-Sharif law and Western democracies are the right-wing class of civilization crusaders waving the banner of free speech.
The same post you'll call for the censorship and even murder of anti-bush cartoonists here, as an excuse to join the post-9-11 Muslims suck media pylon.
Most reasonable people reject both, I didn't read that very well, and excuse me to join the post-9-11 Muslims suck media pylon.
Most reasonable people reject both, but neither is as dangerous to liberty as America's self-sensory newspaper editors and broadcast producers.
CNN is chosen not to show the Danish Mohammed cartoons out of respect for Islam, said the news channel.
We always weigh the value of the journalist to get impact against the impact that publication might have as far as insulting or hurting certain groups, said in editor of the San Francisco Chronicle.
The cartoons didn't meet our long-held standards for not moving offensive contents of the AP.
Vulshmits, says Ted Raw.
If these colors are worried about offending their faithful, they wouldn't cover a quote such Muslim vashes as Ann Coulter, Christopher Hitchens, or George W. Bush.
The truth is our national and anti-media is managed by cowards so terrified by the pro-prosperc to their offices being firebombed that they watered with self-sensorship.
Precisely because they subvert free speech and from within their also reasonable oaths for moderation against sensationalism, the gatekeepers of our national and anti-media are more dangerous to Western values than distant mullahs and kool-as-neocons combined.
Editors and producers decide not only what's fit to print, but also what's not.
Flag-grade coffins and body bags arriving from Iraq, photographs of Afghan civilians, their bodies reduced to blobs of blood and protoplasm, all perched from our national consciousness.
You might think it's news that the vice president tells a senator to go F yourself on the senate floor, but you'd be wrong.
Only tortured roundabout descriptions like F blank, blank, make newsprint.
This is a family newspaper any editor will say arguing for self-sensorship as if kids couldn't fill in the three letters in F blank, blank, blank.
As if kids read the paper.
The anti-media even more produced since 9-11 covers our millions of eyes to protect us from our own achy deeds.
In Afghanistan in 2001 while covering a war that had officially killed 12 civilians, I watched a colleague from a major television network, collated footage of a B-52 bombing, indiscriminately obliterating a civilian neighborhood.
If people saw what bombing looks like here on the ground he observed is body parts and burning houses and screaming children filled the screen, they would demand an end to it, which is why this will never air on American TV.
But other countries don't have our nanny media.
Europeans in Europe see the horror wreaked in our name on their airwaves, assume that we see this imagery and hate us for not giving a damn.
America's self-sensors make anti-Americanism worse.
Ugly truths come out one way or the other.
While the Muslim world was raging over the Danish Mohammed cartoons, Washington Post cartoonist Tom Tools received a chilling letter from the joint chiefs of staff and reacted to a single-tambour rendition of a quadruplegic veteran.
If not for the nanny media's slavery fused over one photos of the real thing, when that abstract image have shocked anyone, and while we're at it using prose to describe graphic images as editors in an increment are doing about the Mohammed imagery, makes as much sense as talking about the Rodney-Keen police brutality video.
Describing the cartoons without showing them seems a reasonable choice editorial as the New York Times, a paper whose readers right to know apparently includes classified surveillance programs but not cartoons.
Tools crossed the line from appropriate commentary into outright tastelessness complaint the joint chiefs.
Similarly, many Muslims say the 12 Danish cartoonists crossed the line when they indulged in blasphemy of other world's major religions.
U.S. State Department spokesman Anoray Moura Shah Mekormik hopefully tells us where the line is drawn.
Anti-Muslim images are as unacceptable as anti-Semitic images he said, but who can distinguish anti-Muslim images from acceptable satire, tasteless objective?
Right-wing time columnist Andrew Sullivan, who is repeatedly called for censoring my work because it's critical of Bush, calls to these cartoons not arbitrarily offensive and less acceptable free speech, lefties on the other hand, rally to get Russia involved fired from his gig as a football commentator.
Hypocrisy abounds everyone supports the free speech they agree with, or it sounds like I just said they yesterday, like Gade County.
Which is why in a nation with a truly free media there is no line to hell with an anti-media. Three speeches like a Ferrari.
What good is it if you don't use it or you barely use it only driving a town or stop and go traffic.
It's useless until you can head out in the Arizona desert and push it past 150 miles an hour.
Short of libel, slander in impersonation, anything goes that is if you really believe in the first amendment.
What if millions of people take offense? What if some of them turn violent even murderous? So what? No one can make you angry. You decide whether or not to become angry.
If journalists and gatekeepers worry about the mere possibility of prompting outrage, they'll validate mob ruling underbarna right to a free press, one that covers the controversial along with the bland.
While deciding what goes into the paper in the evening news, good journalist ought to be guided by only one consideration is it news if the answer is yes, send it out even if it's all as tasteless as F blank, blank, blank.
Post-cript. A European Muslim website is posted a cartoon depicting Anne Frank and Bed with Adolf Hitler.
If it is time to break taboos across all the red lines, the site explains we certainly don't want to fall behind.
It's an idiotic cartoon breaking taboos on the other hand is something our nanny media ought to try.
That's what your buddy Ted Rawl, he goes to the power dress for the very weak reading but nevertheless I just whipped it out and the story too.
26 past noon a QA and let's take an update on this very depressing movie pool. I am depressed.
I mean, of course we're asking your opinion, we know a lot of your tastes sucks and no, it's a way it goes.
Well, you like those fraggie movie, yeah, right?
Right, like, you know, work room for a dream and Magnolia, that was really faggy.
Well, there was that, you know, what's the guy's name again? Okay, laugh in.
Right?
Artichaelicin.
No.
No, no, it's a...
Henry Gibson.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
God, I'm good.
Anyone who wants to know?
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no.
What did I say?
Blazing Stattles 125, 12th Fiction 95, Animal House 74, my cousin, 2069.
National Landpool vacation 58, the Great Escape 45, Wizard of Oz 45, Plains, Grants, Automobiles 43, Glen Gary Glen Ross 39, Dufarry.
Fargo 38, the natural 34, Caddy Shack 29, Charshank 28, Rocky Horror Picture Show 26, Airplane 22, Life of By and 22, equally amusing.
Heat 19, Reservoir Dogs 15, West Side Story 14, Joe Dirt 12, Sin City 11, Dummond Dumber 10, The Good the Bad and the Dan Druckenbrout 9,
Let it Ride 9, Office Space 8, Casino 7, The Navy Earth Steal 7, Roger Rabbit 7.
You know, the reason that I say a Dan Druckenbrout?
Yeah.
Because when I was a, I was, I was, I was a year of that, 68, The Good the Bad and the Airplane.
That was on a year I was the General Manager, but also did a radio show in Kalamazoo.
And so the guy, I forget what his name on a year was. I'm WKZO, which is our competitor.
And we're playing music and The Good the Bad, the Air, it was a big hit.
So he plays it one night and he says, The Good the Bad and the O' Rogers.
So when I came on and played it the next time, I said The Good the Bad and Dan Druckenbrout, which is his real name, but of course nobody's supposed to know that.
67 by the way.
Well, whatever it was.
Roger Rabbit 7, Rounder 7, Coming to America 6.
Die Hard 6, Little Big Man 4.
Smoking to Bandit 3, Pink Floyd in the Wall 3, The Exorcist 3, Spartacus 3.
Minority Report 3, The Came You Need 2, Standing the Shadows of Motowns Got A Pier.
Imaginary Heroes has 2, One for Platoon, The Karate Kid, Slings Blade and lethal weapon.
And Sounds of the Lambs and Logus D.R. It's so far I've got the big.
This is New Roger.
This is 5.16 Q and...
Open.
I've been in television since I was 19 years old and I have never been in this position.
I feel good as you may have heard.
Excuse me, hello, Oprah.
Yes.
Yeah, this is Stemman. I'm calling in on your show from New York.
And I wanted to tell you that I have an IT too.
I know we've been together for several years but I'm actually married to somebody else.
Oh no.
I'm really sorry.
But I gotta go.
Oh my God, Oprah, I write to you too unbelievable.
I know. Of all people you think you could trust your gynecologist.
Why would you lie?
Oprah, you're a man.
Oh no.
I'm so sorry.
I... oh.
And you should kick your prostate check out.
Oprah, right back.
About 33, don't hurry, Oprah.
We'll survive somehow.
27 before one.
Here's the fact from Laurie and Baltimore, who says,
please have as she says,
that I've been on colonial George and Josh.
Thank you, Laurie.
How you doing?
Please have a look at the range to your pool.
I've watched it so many times.
My husband, cringesly, first here's the music, come up and now he makes me watch it upstairs.
So, Laurie and Baltimore, or PS,
unless you feel sorry for me, also makes me listen to your show with headphones every day.
So, hi to Laurie and Mr. Laurie.
And Baltimore.
Okay.
Here's the fact that it's so disturbing.
It says, needle will want to see this.
And they're right.
So, I've packed it right along.
Well, when I first saw it, I thought, well, why don't I care about this?
But I see this and don't let me talk...
Forget talking to the Humper about this in the morning.
Okay.
On our crossdress at 10 o'clock.
Bristol Connecticut, some of the worst news in the history of television,
football and the US culture.
Former quarterback, Joe Thysman, who is marginal at best,
Washington Post columnist Tony Cornhoer,
and Mike Tarrico, will be the broadcast crew for Monday Night Football next season
at the long running show, Shifty, SB and Pravee C.
Now, my, I obviously question, who's going to be the play by play?
And as I continue reading this, maybe we'll find out,
because it doesn't sound to me like there's any play by play guy in that among those three.
Sounds like the dolphin games across the street again.
Until it's a chance.
Right.
Maybe it'll be Mo, the one.
Hey.
He's free.
The move leaves Al Michaels free to switch to NBC,
which takes over something like the next season to be SBN.
John Madden, Michael's broadcast, Fat Partner for Last Four,
seasons agreed in June of a six-year contract.
Six-year contract with NBC.
What are these people going to do?
Dying the booth?
Yeah, John Madden might not last that long.
Jesus, God, six-year contract.
Michael's just turned 87 in Madden, I think, is over the century mark.
And I'll tell somewhere in Holland about it.
Yeah, that's where they're hanging out.
No, no.
At a news conference in July,
Michael said he would remain with Monday Night Football when it switched to the SBN.
He was to be paired with Thysman, who had broadcasts on in our games on the SBN,
with Mike Patrick and Paul McGuire, a trio from Hill.
Mike Green.
I wonder if he's came to Bobby Green, the jockey from Calder.
There's something I was just thinking about Bobby Green.
I haven't thought about Bobby Green 100 years.
He used to bring in a lot of long shots.
Now, it goes to, that's gotta be my psychic power, right?
Right.
Because here's Mike Green, which I have, oh, he will replace Michael's as the lead NBA play by playing out there on ABC,
SBN. He'll be joined by former NBA coach, UB Brown, hired as an analyst in December 2004.
Thysman was in about the week, but in addition to working for the post,
Cornheuser was co-hosted, pardoned, or optionally, SBN, since September, 2001, Michael Wilson,
Wilborn.
Whatever's name is, Wilson.
Wilborn.
Wilborn, another postwriter, bad coppier.
Times has been a sports center host for ESPN and handle out Tareko.
What I say, this is a very bad copy.
Handle play by play for the last orange bull.
Oh, don't tell me Mike Tareko is gonna be doing a play by play.
Oh.
Michelle Tafoya returns for her third season as Monday night football sideline reporter
and Susie Colbert was at as a second sideline reporter,
and she's gonna work naked this season to see if maybe that might help.
If a few more boobs might tune in,
because most of the games are boring as dog poop.
So Mike Tareko is gonna be doing a play by play on Monday night football.
How would Coach Sellas turn over in his grave?
Can you believe that?
That's some of the worst swill you ever heard in your life.
Yeah, he's pretty dull.
Dull, and his team with Tony Cornheuser, who's got absolutely no business being there in the first place,
and the unconscious Notre Dame alumni, alumnus, Joe Thysman.
You see, I don't think Joe Thysman is that bad, really.
He's not that bad if he's kept in his place.
He's mediocre, he's okay.
He's tolerable.
He's certainly much better than, you know, who?
Your quarterback's daddy, Phil Sims.
Well, but he laughed at about it.
You know what I'm saying is true.
I know.
I don't like that.
And when Hank tells me that he likes Phil Sims,
I think Hank definitely needs to lose some weight.
Oh, speaking of that, what a segue.
Oh, there's your girlfriend, and also with my psychic powers.
What did I play?
They haven't played in a long time.
These are the versions of, huh?
Yeah.
Back freedom of the press.
But, you know, again, with freedom of the press comes responsibility.
Right.
Leave it to her to be equivocating and palpitating and beating around the old bush.
Oh, sorry.
A bunch of crap.
Other way of responsibility.
Yes.
I was going to ask you when you wanted to read that spot.
The end of the spot.
Whatever you're ready.
You missed.
Oh, you know something.
That was only by accident, but there may have been.
Okay.
Isn't that interesting?
Yeah, that is interesting.
Really bizarrely.
All the 40L.
Wow.
So my mind is being taken over by a higher power.
Steve, you win, would.
Well, let's get higher.
With lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security.
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month or two months.
With an always on connection speed of six megabytes,
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL 1.5.
And up to 100 times faster than dial up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games,
and just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connections means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease.
Plus, when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to.
Three features like the fan, video mail, Comcast, Raph to the radio, plus,
and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few.
Not only that, but you get macafee security tools included,
so you can rest assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what you be waiting for, start doing more quicker than ever,
sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month or two months.
You wonder how you ever lived without it.
In dayed call 305, Comcast, and of course in 954, Comcast.
So that gives me just time to finish reading the full before we go to the next break.
Well, that was really a break.
It was just an isolated incident.
Isn't that correct?
Right.
That was very strange.
It was completely accidental.
I thought my band.
Well, maybe it was mine.
Okay, I got to about what I get to.
Blazing Battles 126.
Where did I get to on this?
Or did I read them all?
I didn't read them all.
Plains, grains and oboe wheels 44, Glendary, Glen Ross 39, Fargo 39,
Shawshank 33, Caddy Shack is God.
Bought third man.
Rocky or picture show 27 airplane 23 should be much higher than that.
Life of Brian 22 should be much higher than that.
I mean, these people think blazing status is funny,
but then airplane life of Brian.
Oh, you mama.
Heat 19.
Res of our dogs 15.
Been sitting there 15 for about 20 years.
West Side Story 14.
Go dirt 14.
Scarface 13 has called in by the anxious one.
Since city 12, the good, the bad and the Dan Druckenbrough 10, office face 10, I heard
it's great.
Dumb and Dumber 10, let it ride 9, Casino 7, the day the Earth stood still 7.
Roger Rabbit 7.
Rounder 7.
Coming to America 6, die hard 6.
Little big a man 4, smoking a band of 3.
That's just down right silly.
Painful at the wall 3, the Xs is 3, Spartacus 3.
In fact, when I think of this Xs is always think of smokey in the banded.
Minority report 3.
Two for the K9 mutiny, standing in the shadows of Motown.
Sling blade, imaginary heroes.
One for Lord of the Rings, South of the Lands got one, Platoon got one.
Karate Kid got, Sultima Tiono.
Lepal weapon got one, none for good fellows were the longest year.
I didn't know we put, we got a thousand 12 votes by the way.
I know we put good fellows on there.
Yeah, we just did.
It's stuck in there.
Yeah, it belongs on there.
When it comes on, I generally, especially it was, oh yeah, right in there.
They're the nice coats for coats right in there.
That's my favorite thing.
Yeah.
19 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
I've been told you by dry concepts for a long time and I want you to take advantage right now.
Dry concepts maintenance contract that provide you with a 10% discount on all of dry concept services,
including their one of a kind, corporate cleaning, leather drape, and oriental rug cleaning.
Dry concepts also specialize in pet order treatments, ceramic tile and grout cleaning, mattress cleaning,
the sacred body of those dust mites and lots more.
And during this month, during the month of February, dry concepts as a special offerway,
9 out of poultry cleaning, don't replace the furniture just because it's soiled,
let dry concepts rejuvenate your furniture just to fractured the cost of replacement of re-apolstering.
All of the technicians at dry concepts are especially trained and certified,
so you're going to get in the best possible service anywhere.
And dry concepts, they always give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the work.
No BS, no scams, don't be fooled by those imitators.
You made a big investment with decorating your home now, it's time to protect that investment.
Called dry concepts today like I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes,
and Dave Broward in the Palm Beach is called on toll free 1-800-248-5071.
Don't forget February Specialists on a poultry cleaning, going to save you a lot of cash
and get your house looking like brand new.
1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, just log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
Neil Gah!
The sneak TVC has issued a nationwide alert, the CTVC.
His dealing with an epidemic of historic proportions, as it was all of American idle.
Recommended treatment for the eradication of this problem is poof.
That's not an acronym, literally poof.
If you're near a tone deaf singer, say you can't force up.
If one day you discover heave,
at a busy interceptor.
There will be my means of so sweet name.
Or an open jetliner door.
I can show you the world shot and shimmering and so on.
The CTVC.
Herges you to please help.
Preciting is intended for humorous mental imagery alone.
Do not push another human into harm's way.
Thank you from the CTVC.
Let me ask you this. How's Ariel Jerome doing?
How's he doing? What?
He's still fat.
Radio stations building evacuated after phone thread.
So, spicious package follows a threatening call Miramar.
A building used as a broadcast facility by seven radio stations or a close fax.
The building was evacuated yesterday after a threatening call and delivery basis.
Spicious package.
I've seen some suspicious packages in my time.
I still can't figure out what they were.
Multi-colored?
According to Miramar police, I'm not talking about Jim.
According to Miramar police, an employee,
a clear channel's radio Miramar headquarters received a call last night that was some sort of a threat.
Yesterday morning when a suspicious package was delivered to the building, the employees were evacuated.
Hi.
The radio station switched over to automated programming.
When the employees left the building.
At least they did that, as the employees were leaving somebody in the building.
Right.
Like the first Fire alarm we had a KAT when I got left sitting there and I look out through the windows and there.
The whole rest of the staff's out in the parking lot.
I'm sitting there doing my show inside and I find out they had a Fire alarm.
Where are you talking about KAT? That's what they do here.
I was just going to leave to that. That was just the beginning.
And of course that said the pattern for us, OP baby.
When you work for the folks we work for, if you're on the air too bad, everybody else builds up.
And then of course we shove fat boy down the stairs.
Police called it in a bottom square which almost makes it worth the abbreviation.
Police called the bottom square, officers said the two bottom-stiffing dogs alerted the handlers to the present of explosives in the mail room but not in the package.
Bomb experts checked the package and the mail room and said no explosive device was found.
Well maybe one of the employees there dropped a small bomb in the mail room.
You think?
Maybe.
Maybe the dogs are reacting to that.
I've been dropped by the dogs.
Alerts of something such as fire works and materials have been exposed and the explosive material.
Workers retired the building after it was cleared.
Not operations were back to normal, such as they are as obvious that they have to know.
A cheap channel.
They should only croak.
Too bad Pete Golder wasn't like tied up in there too along with Rhonda Fink Wolf.
I dreamed that she got her ass fired as they just were wishful thinking.
I don't recall.
I'm not sure hope so.
What about the bitch?
Remember who tapping the foot, tapping the foot.
Why would you want to go over to QAM and tap the foot on the floor?
That really worked well Rhonda.
That did it for me.
Although thanks to the dinner with Burton Jax.
Good thing we got to eat there for free before they close down.
That is a good thing.
If it sounds like I'm eating a whole mental lip.
Is it a little rewarding to you?
You're eating a whole mental lip.
It should be free.
Good.
Soot-crows-free.
But.
Yes.
I do.
Well now these, see I bought some, what are the other ones that are like re-cool up.
I bought some of those in the sack, you know, sugar-free.
And then come to find out that isomalt right is the first ingredient.
And that was when I started getting this scratchy throat yesterday.
These have something similar to that.
So I spent so much time on the throne, man.
I can't even, you don't want to hear about it.
So you don't have to the convenience store.
I said I can't be.
Notice why I got the whole soup, grocery, and I looked on the label isomalt.
No.
I'm holding them right now.
What?
A whole mental lip.
This is in the pack.
I'm not even often menthol in a package.
Now these are in a mental.
These are cherry vapor actions.
Black cherry.
And these don't have vapor action.
Do you like black cherry?
Hmm.
They have citric acid.
Yeah.
And aspartane.
These have a...
I don't say anything on here about that.
Well anyway, they also have not as explosive, but a milder form of the same problem.
Times it.
Just warning on that.
It's a small dose of it can actually be helpful.
What do you mean by that?
Are you getting it out of your system?
Yeah, keep things right.
We don't want to get into a whole thing in the middle of the lunch hour about excretory activity.
Okay?
It's usually on the line before you know it.
She's probably taking a big joist over there right now herself.
She needs two of these co-op trucks, you will.
Yeah, good.
Keep around of our face.
Although she's been doing that for a long time.
Okay, let's get to that.
That's an important crap.
When I'm business about Brittany and the baby in the paparazzi, maybe.
Oh, please, you know, talk about another fully staged event.
Try to get her name back in the headlines again.
Your old nose, your spoiled meat, Brittany, your old and damaged and used, used and abused.
And anybody who saw that Kevin Feederline, whoo, you know, it's kind of like Madonna with Dennis Rodman.
Not that Madonna was anything in the first place, but after that, that kind of sealed the fate.
It sealed a lot of things.
And then of course we got that new HD DVDs come out, which I'll tell you about.
The largest study ever to ask whether a low-fat dive reduces the risk of getting cancer or heart disease has found that the diet has no effect.
Let me say it again.
The low-fat diet has effect on cancer, heart disease, any of these things.
The $415 million federal study involved nearly 49,000 women ages, 50 to 79, who were followed for eight years.
In the end, those decided a low-fat diet had the same rates of breast cancer, colon cancer, heart attack and stroke, as those who wait whatever they pleased.
Researchers are reporting today.
Now, do you hear what I just said?
I heard you.
As those who wait whatever they pleased.
Cogido, you know, whatever.
These days, a revolutionary said, Dr. Jules Hirsch, well, I wonder if he's going to amyel Hirsch or sign Hirsch.
I'll find out.
Physician and chief emeritus at Rock and Pearl University in New York, who has spent a lifetime studying the effects of diets on weight and health.
They should put a stop to this era of thinking that we have all the information we need to change the whole national diet, make everybody healthy.
Well, obviously they don't.
Because if they did, we'd be like climbing over each other to get to them.
Like, what do I do? What can I do? What can I do? You know, nothing's slack in the face.
The study published in today's issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association was not just an ordinary study said Dr. Michael Thun, who directs epidemiological research for the American Cancer Society.
It was so large and so expensive, Dr. Thun said there was the rules, Royce of studies.
As such, he added it is likely to be the final word.
How do you like that?
That's how big it was.
What else that thing would have been with the Lawton trials?
Where is it?
The one where he says it is so huge. I can't find nothing today.
It's under.
How is that? I thought it was under. It is.
No, that's what I thought.
It is so hard.
No, that's not.
No, that's not.
I see how one.
She, I can't believe that neither one was trying to.
Is it under Wacken Lawton?
It is so huge.
That's under child of it.
Yeah.
The he-cune.
Anyway, we usually have only one shot at a very large scale trial in a particular issue in said Dr. Thun.
The results of the study investigated investigators agreed to not just if I recommend low-fag
that the public to reduce their heart disease and cancer risk.
Given the lack of benefit found in the study, many medical researchers said the best dietary advice for now.
Oh boy.
Was to follow federal guidelines for healthy eating with less saturated and trans fats, more grains, and more fruits and vegetables.
Anybody going to be doing that?
No.
Stay away from the trans fats, though.
Those are the killers.
And watch your homocysteine, okay?
If you go see that cowboy movie, your homocysteine is going to go shooting up big time.
That's what I heard.
I'm telling you, you can laugh all you want.
That Dr. Culkin McCauley, whatever his name was, he had his finger right in the middle of it.
All this crap about cholesterol.
You know that, that's bull crap.
Homocysteine, baby.
That's the bad stuff and trans fats.
Not everybody was convinced.
Some, like Dr. Dean Orner's a longtime faker and promoter of low fat diets and presently preventative medicine research in students from South-Solida, California, said the women didn't reduce their fat to low enough levels, reading up fruits and vegetables, and that the study even in eight years didn't give the diets enough time.
Right.
Wait until they croak and then we'll find out.
Others said that diet can still make a difference at least with heart disease if people were at eat these so-called Mediterranean diet.
Low insaturated fats like butter and high in oils like olive oil, olioleva.
Capone, olio-oliova.
The women in the study reduced all kinds of fat.
The study had an antique patina, said Dr. Peter Libby, a cardiologist and professor at Harvard Medical School.
These days Dr. Libby said most people have moved out from the idea of controlling total fat to the idea that people should eat different kinds of fat.
But the Mediterranean diet hasn't been subjected to a study of this scope.
Well, get on that because those people live off forever in the Mediterranean.
And see, it's very hard to be on that diet in the first place because the soil is very rich over there like in Italy.
And the produce you just, you can fell from the produce.
How rich that soil is in those tomatoes, those red-red tomatoes, and those blood oranges.
Have you ever had the red orange juice, the blood oranges?
Yes.
And the great best.
The matter of fact, the grapefruit tree that we had in our backyard was with over the Ruby Red grapefruit.
Really?
Yeah.
That's the good thing.
It was washed it right.
It was great.
Number one, we were trying to get the good stuff.
That's the good stuff.
And you don't get busted for drinking the red orange juice or grapefruit juice.
And I guarantee you won't find that in terino.
Because terino is way, it's like not even in Italy, basically.
It's more like, it's more like Switzerland, way up there in the Alps, just south of Switzerland, whatever.
You're going there for the Olympics, right?
Oh, yeah, I got tickets.
Terino.
You, any of you, as an NBC, stop calling it.
I want you to do something right now.
I didn't, before I forgot to mention it.
Do a Google on the word terino.
Right.
Grand Terino, like the car, because I was going to rep.
Just terino.
And what is the first thing that comes up on it?
What does it say?
It says I'm going to sneeze.
Oh, I spelled it wrong.
Priced.
Priced.
All right, terino.
La Piazza.
La Piazza.
La Piazza.
La Piazza.
La Piazza.
Saludinio.
La Piazza.
Situ o Ficcioli.
Il cumetato organato.
Il caudor.
Il caudor.
Orinato.
Tore.
See that?
Almost all of this stuff is in Italy.
See?
In Hermazioni, you're used to promovacy,
conoscarico, con escheri, la citt di terino.
Cia bella.
Contiene notizia, it's something rather.
Know what's the use?
Is servizia alturista.
See, I'm only reading the words that I can read.
Anyway, it's all in italiana.
You want to know why a cost terino is an Italian word,
if it's an Italian name, like a Roma, like Valonia.
I'm sorry.
Not a good example.
Like Valencia.
Valencia.
Right?
If they were holding the Olympics in Venice,
if it was like all water sports in dirty water,
they would be saying, we're going to Venetia, would they?
No.
Oh, here's that I would bush in the Nixon.
Breaking that law.
Are you having trouble telling these men apart?
We had a special prosecutor then.
We need a special prosecutor now.
Move on.org political action is responsible
for the content of this advertisement.
George Bush is breaking the laws when it says
there are, of course, as usual, move on.org is...
Absolutely correct.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
What?
Oh, this is honored.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one that threw out.
I broke in through her bedroom window.
And I may have just been my wig.
And what I did I knew was crippled.
But that ain't no to do if you play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
Now that other bitch was someone else's wife.
Oh, man.
Her survival was being levelsing.
And I found out that it was just me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell you?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her husband.
And that's the best thing to do.
Now the bitch will fill me down.
102, that's a noun, by the way.
102.5.60 W.D.Q.M.
You do understand it.
I do know.
Oh, too late.
What?
Woman does mouth to mouth.
You didn't dump it.
No.
Don't put it.
Woman does mouth to speak to save chicken.
This is a true story from Archadel F. Arkansas.
I'm just explaining the difference between a verb and a noun.
All right.
You got it?
I got it now.
No.
Too late.
I'll play it again.
Sometimes a chicken does have lips just sometimes not a own.
Marianne Morris said, and there's a good chance that you'll be doing a show tomorrow.
Because I'm going to be on the show tomorrow.
Oh, don't you throw.
Why?
It's getting scratchy.
Marianne Morris saved her brother's exotic chicken, Boo Boo, by administering mouth to be
recussion on the fall after was found floating face down in a family's pond.
This is Archadel F. Arkansas, so they probably got a lot of practice.
Morris, a retired nurse, said she had had any practice with CPR years, but that she was interested
to see if she still had it.
I've read into it's beak, and it's dead gum eyes popped open, Morris said.
That's good.
I've read into it's beak again, and it's eyes popped open again.
And I said, I think this chicken's alive now.
Keep it warm.
I've read it.
It's just ordinary chicken.
The chicken is called Boo Boo, because he's easily frightened.
I found it felt that maybe Boo Boo was startled and flopped into the pond.
I said.
So she did mouth to mouth.
The bullet chicken was choking.
See, there you go again.
Herb.
Herb.
Britney says that paparazzi made me do it.
I am so sick and tired of this crap, but I feel the spirit of Christ compels me to have to do this story.
That's right.
Oh, we probably should get some more movies on this holiday.
Some more great movies like The Shining.
Right?
I'm surprised nobody did call him with that.
That is surprising.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
This is Alan Burk.
When I'm on the...
Okay, great.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Okay, so there's two good ones.
Like I said, I knew it.
Say I told you.
It's my second.
I can pick up those five of them from a million miles away.
But that was yesterday's poll, okay?
Blame it on love and the paparazzi.
That's Britney Spears explanation for why she was driving with her infant son on her left, rather than his car seat.
Maybe she's an idiot.
Did that ever go on on you?
Uh-huh.
Because she said she believes in our president.
And whatever he says, that's fine with her.
And of course, she would be the person you'd ask.
Several photos published yesterday showed Spears driving rescue me with her son Sean Preston,
first on her lap, rather than strapped into a car seat in the back seat.
Spears said she did it because of a horrifying, frightful encounter with a paparazzi.
The photo showed Spears holding the wheel of the car with one hand, and a four-month old baby in the other hand.
This kind of likewise, to take tiny to the vet.
These two holding the wheel with one hand, and there was tiny, he had a hold of me, because he was struggling and struggling and carrying on.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
A person is showing sitting in the past, you see, there's another reason that when you get to be my age, you don't have dogs plus a kid I wasn't building anyway.
That is when you get to be this age, you have to spend a lot of time cleaning up your own mess.
You don't want to start cleaning up your pets.
That's right.
A person is showing sitting in the past, you see, next to Spears, I was terrified that this time the physically aggressive paparazzi would both be and my baby endangered.
Spears said the statement released late the Monday to cover her ass.
I instinctively took mention to get my baby me out of harm's way, that the paparazzi continued to stalk us.
She said, I love my child, but do anything to protect him.
Now, how come whoever this other person was, sitting in the seat there, how come they weren't holding me a child?
Right?
Huh?
Good perk.
Chases by paparazzi inspired a California law, which went into effect to January 1.
The law holds these aggressive photographers liable for three times the damages they inflict, plus they'll lose any payments their public store was might earn.
Publishers can also be held liable.
Sheriff Steve deputies meanwhile won't be pressing any charges.
Deputy Luis Castro said, unless the deputy saw the violation, there's nothing we can do.
Castro said, we don't even know if this took place in our jurisdiction.
The agency that snapped the photos, X-17, said the pictures were taken in a very peaceful context in which photographers exhibited no aggressive behavior.
We believe the pictures speak for themselves, the agency said.
But it'll be pretty good for the mouth.
Anybody whiffed up about that?
Anybody care about Brittany anymore?
No.
Go away.
Just go away.
Got a nice picture here all the way around.
Oh, this is at the Grammys party.
All right?
Of course the Grammys are tonight, aren't they?
Yes, committee.
Eight o'clock.
Where is Miles O'Brien?
CNN.
New York.
Scott Miles O'Brien with George Bush Herbert Walker, 41.
Trying to be a comedian.
Well, he's just pathetic, you know what?
He is pathetic.
And you're going to say, oh, but he and Clinton are going all over the world to do all these good things.
He's pathetic.
I'll say it again.
That's tragic.
Plus a crook and a thief.
And the father of the world's biggest, most dangerous crook today.
Richard and I knew he was doing Chinese dandy.
I do know.
Introducing HD DVD.
We talked about this ad link ad nauseam some months ago, just praying.
I mean, if you're going to go out there and spend all the money for an HDTV set,
you might as well be able to watch some real crystal queer, right?
It's only right.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah.
You're talking every.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm from here.
Yeah.
What?
Okay.
What do you say?
I have no idea.
Oh.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I was going to recommend you a movie.
It's called Death Ball.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's called what?
What?
It's called Death Ball.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
It's about the last episode of the movie.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
After years of development, high definition HD.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
After years of development, high definition HD.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
After years of development, high definition HD.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
After years of development, high definition HD.
The final piece in the high definition HD.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
The final piece in the high definition TV is falling into place.
Friends, the 40-year-old virgin, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, the Italian job,
Jarr Head, Lara Croft, Tomb Raider, the Lord of the Rings,
the trilogy, the mentoring candidate, probably the new one, Feth,
the Makers' trilogy, Million Dollar Baby, Sahara,
Seven, What's in the Ultimate Star Trek movie collection, Terminator 3,
You Too, Rattlen Hum, Oh, They Sure Do, We Were Soldiers and Others.
Did I got it?
Well, I mean, you know, we're going to have to wait.
So in other words, you have to feel too bad.
You don't have the TV set or the player yet.
Yeah.
I think better than some of them.
You do that. I'll be able to afford it.
Yeah, and if you say that, I'll be able to afford it.
Yeah, and if you say that, I'll be able to afford it.
Hey, listen, you're having that big powwow now with the Joe Bell, right?
That's the first thing that I would do.
I put my foot down right on the table.
I put my shoe right up on top of the table and say, here's shining it.
Not necessarily.
It's starting to stand up for yourself.
Not that you've got a guy that thinks you're at least adequate.
As opposed to hate you like poison, like his predecessor.
Well, that is a big hit about you.
I know. I know. That is a big step up.
You didn't say you're great.
Say you're adequate.
I just said, uh, I don't suck.
I said that all depends on what adequate means.
I was thinking about Clinton, you know.
From it, it's after one at five, 60 to the W.A.M.
Hey, I'll tell you what's more than adequate in that brandy shoes
in Pompeo Beach, baby.
If you're looking to take good care of your feet,
get you a great fitting pair of good looking shoes.
And at Brandy's, you'll always do that.
Because, first of all, I have people that know your feet inside and out.
They'll make sure you have a customized fit of the shoe you like every single time.
As for Arnie, he'll take good care of your tutsies.
And they carry a humongous selection of all the top brands like Rockport, Floor Shime, Echo,
Mephisto, SAS, New Balance and all of this too.
And the pros at Brandy's even specializing in wide wits as well, in case you've got big fat ones.
So Brandy's is worth your trip from just about anywhere in South Florida
for comfort style, fit value and selection and unbeatable combination.
Always think Brandy shoes in Pompeo Beach, in 1290 North Federal Highway,
they're open every day, Monday through Saturday till 9, every Sunday till 5.
And this week it's a great time to buy SAS shoes at Brandy's.
Take 20 to 40 bucks extra off the retail price of all great men's and women's styles,
SAS this week at Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on their website at BrandyShoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AM.
Perfect.
Stand by for news.
It was this little girl's first day of school.
And the teacher asked her what her name was.
The little girl replied happy butt.
The teacher said, Audi, I don't think that's your name.
You need to go to the principal's office and get this straightened out.
So the little girl went to the principal's office and he asked,
what's your name?
And the little girl said happy butt.
The principal called the mother to get this straightened out once and for all.
After getting off the phone, he looked at the little girl and said,
honey, your name is Gladys, not happy butt.
Then the girl exclaimed, glad as happy butt.
What's the difference? Paul Harvey.
Welcome.
I know. Good day.
117, at least he knows anyway.
This is discussed in Mr. but it's typical.
In other words, you got to support our troops while they're over there being made as human sacrifices in Iraq.
Right.
But once they come back, screw them.
We'll get these all the time.
Former US soldier injured in Iraq since he was forced to pay
$700 for a bloke, a blood-soaked body armor vest that was destroyed.
After a medics removed it to treat trapping all the ruins around to his arm.
First lieutenant William Eddie Reebrook, 25, had to leave the army because of his injuries.
But before it could be discharged last week, he had a scroung up cash from his buddies to pay for the body armor or face not being discharged for months.
Reebrook was billed because his supply office has failed the document that the vestiband destroyed more than a year ago as a biohazard.
I had last saw the body armor when it was pulled off my bleeding body while it was being evacuated in a helicopter.
Reebrook told us hometown newspaper, The Charleston Gazette, in West Virginia.
They took it off me and burned it.
Reebrook's story to today's Spurred Action Premier Senator Bobby Bird and J. Rockefeller, both West Virginia Democrats.
I've been in touch with his family. I've already written Defense Secretary Rumsfeld to request that they immediately refund his money and review this horrendous policy Rockefeller set.
I'm shocked that he's been treated this way by our military.
Bird Question General Peter Skoolmaker achieved staff of the Army on Tuesday during a Senate Armed Services Committee budget hearing.
How can it be that the Defense Department, which is requesting $439 billion in this budget, has to resort to donening a wounded soldier, $700 to replace a piece of body armor bird ass.
Skoolmaker called Reembur store unusual and promised Bird to correct it if there's any truth to it.
Right, if there's any truth. And I just made it up. He's just a real comedian. He's just a chronic complainer.
Jackass.
And you folks sit back and you're watching Blazing Stattles. That's why the world is in the shape it's in today.
That's why the crazy ragheads are riding all over the day in the world today.
That's why I got Kira Phillips on CNN, which is enough to make me just want to throw a rock through his little TV set. God, do I hate that bitch?
In fact, you know something compared compared to her. I love solely that the Zegna's that gave you some insight. That's the hell of a comment.
This bitch air me. Change. She gets she's editorializing and she's up there. I do really got her tongue up the bush or people's up. But air me. Change. She gets so brother. She ought to look with loot dogs.
And then they can arrest them as a pair of illegal aliens.
1091. We're going to do over 1100. We're just about like yesterday. Well, there's Elizabeth Cohen. Look at that nose man. I think she's got tricky noses.
But he says and it's very important to take a careful look at it. What the study found is that these women in the study when they cut. She is too Jewish.
Fat they ate. Indeed, they did not see a reduction in risk of heart disease and cancer. But when they cut down on bad fats, when they made serious cuts in bad fats, they did indeed see it.
Like this is a bulletin like this. Something on new and a saturated fat and trans fats. Those are the ones get rid of them. Okay. Quit eating them fries with it without the mail.
You won't do it. You keep eating them. Them fries. Thomas Street. Don't you see both of you. Hell yeah. Okay. Well, you'll be dead. I've been cutting down a lot. You'll be dead. Some day you'll be dead. I just swap it out fries for salad lately.
I didn't say I didn't say go crazy. I just little by little. He does. He orders a lot of salad these days. Really? From where? From Howeys? From Howeys? We order from Howeys. All order a Greek salad or a Greek salad or something like that. Wendy's they have the side salad as opposed to fries, which their fries are horse. I mean, or end is anyway.
I think you've heard Wendy's fries. I thought we love Wendy's. We love Wendy's, but their fries are the worst. Oh, I don't know because I don't know for I know it's all telling you. They'll be one to land the last things. I mean, if I never saw another French fry, I'll or would like to see some of the French fries.
I'm especially the ones in Quebec. Well, give us all a fry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 9. I'm just curious about one thing. I shouldn't really ask you to take because either one of you really knows crap about it. But now that I'm giving up that wheel of fortune thing, I am just kind of like a lost child. That's why I'm it's not so much that I'm addicted, which I am, but I just don't know what else to do with you know, right? Well, now there's another fun part of the game, which is called discovery where you get to sample a few and explore. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, that's fun unto itself.
And then when you remember how do you choose you sample one for a little while? I mean, what does he start to park yourself in front of one than another and just to see how it plays and see how much I can lose exactly. Okay, I'll give it a shot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7. I'm going to try those. 7, 7, highly recommended by the beast. WDQAM. Hello.
WDQAM. Hello. Okay, great. WDQAM. Hello. Yes. Hey, I've never seen it. George keeps telling me you hate it. I never said that. The big blue whiskey. I mean, the big blue whiskey. Somebody keeps telling me to watch it. Is it Josh? I mean, I think it's funny. It's. Oh, well, great. Okay.
The big blue whiskey put it on there. I think it just a name turns me off. Sounds too Polish. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, the Verizon singular wireless line. Do not eat a lot of these halls. So cross free. Mental elliptic. You're going to be sorry. I think I'm already going to be sorry here any second. I've just. Oh, George, what a real thing to hear that. And wait. And if you only could smell it. WDQAM. Hello. I can make a crack off. WDQAM. Hello.
I have to make an appointment for crank calls. Yes. There's a big deal. You have to go. And it's the eye of a tiger. So we'll keep saying. Yeah.
And that's a world. Is that gay? No, but I think you are.
You're fair.
It's the eye of the tiger. It's the thrill of the fight. Rising off to the challenge of our rival. And the last one survivor stops his prey in the night. And it's fortune must always be.
I am a tiger. I am a tiger. Sounds okay to me. You like that bit for whatever reason. I'm over the first time. I'm okay. You just were smitten by it. Yeah, it's still sliding. Are you? Yeah. And somebody.
WDQAM. Hello. Hey, how about any movie with Ron Jeremy in it? Yeah. Too hairy for me, Pally. And too fat. WDQAM. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, ma'am. I've been trying to call you all day. I have a movie for your poll. I'm very disappointed. George didn't add it to. Yes. You got to add half baked. Half baked. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of Josh's favorites. I've been disappointed in him. Yeah. I've been disappointed in Josh and put on. He's. He's being a witty. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I
'm not going to say that.
You know, you break me into this because I think the package is already down there.
The Bokobrine package, the Kira package with his disc and whatever else you put in it.
Right.
Hopefully he remembered to a distinct broke package.
Well, the other ones, Crash.
Well, Crash is coming in the next package.
Broke package.
Sorry.
That's the same guy.
That's Fag Cowboy movie.
That's right.
We need your report.
Why?
Because you're a good movie critic sometimes.
I love it.
And this is an important review that we need to get because everybody's hyping it to
high heaven as you know.
Well, first of all, any time there's no way there's hype to it.
Just like the one on time, the constant gardener, do not see it.
You would be so pissed off that you wasted two hours of your life.
You'd be foaming at the moment.
You especially know that I know that those two chicks, why I happen to find very hot,
are showing their boobs in it.
I might just grit my teeth.
You know, by the way.
You might look past all the Fagory in there and see what they're at to.
I need your report on it.
Okay.
I'll watch it.
I'll squeeze some time.
And then in between the Big Lebowski and Shinler's list.
And what's the one with the Shaw Shank?
Yeah, right.
Just the name of that movie.
You've ever did one.
I kept forgetting Shaw Shank since you did buy it.
I said, no, I still got it.
Oh, that's great.
Well, I'm waiting for a rainy day.
All right.
Okay, guys, Valentine's Day is next week.
The last thing you want to do is spend the weekend shopping.
So here's what you want to do.
Send a pyjama gram.
A pyjama gram is the perfect way to sport your wife or girlfriend or both.
And give them what she really wants.
She'll receive the best pyjama, delivered in a hat box.
She'll love along with the lavender sachet, a gift card, and a do not deserve sign all
free.
Send a pyjama gram.
Only takes minutes, but she'll think you spend a month finding it.
So shop online at pyjamagram.com or call 1-8-and-regiv-pj.
Find all the top brands from company to sexy, great bat and body gifts too.
All that spot stuff that women just love.
Plus the packaging is amazing.
So you don't have to wrap anything.
It's already wrapped for you.
A pyjama gram is the perfect gift and best of all they'll think of you every time they
put them on.
Women want to be pampered and this is a gift you'll both love.
Valentine's Day deliveries guarantee two so call 1-8-and-regiv-pj or visit pyjamagram.com
right now until that old meal told you to call 1-8-and-regiv-pj.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16-2-8-and.
Oh oh!
If I have any talent, I'll fight six old WQKL.
I like the Google Fish.
Inside the shower store.
Six times as I go fishing and slap the rock the wall.
I went over the wall.
I could wait in the play.
But I was too small.
I can't wait.
I could go to shower.
I could go to shower.
I could go to shower.
I could go to shower.
I used to jump before I started to scrub.
I went off my re-wee with a pair of blue fog gloves.
Don't be the night-low.
I could see the news of Steve.
When I gave him credit for the fight,
I wanted you to clap and I just started to wear a blue shower.
I was scared.
I was going to shower.
I was scared.
I was scared.
You're fair.
131-560 WQM.
We got Geldie to a 7-0.
Fresh on the heels of that big five-nothing shot out win by the Panthers last night.
Patrick by that sim kid.
You know that sim kid?
No.
How about Josh?
You know that sim kid?
I do now because I saw that really good goal he on Sports Center last night.
I like that.
And then Mad Dog, if you're all at hockey talk,
although Geldie's got Eric Reed in 330s,
San Francisco, talking to his Steve all the time.
630 Hurricane War, up to any of that Hurricane basketball.
Nobody cares.
Any candidate basketball game.
In fact, between 7 and 11 of the game is over.
You're entitled to go and have a good time.
Have a good dinner.
Speaking of the team,
I think you drew a cue to going on a rampage at that game already,
killing two people.
Fadily shot himself in the head of that gunfight with Arkansas Police.
That's a reason I was saying.
Remember we thought the police shot him?
Right?
No.
He did everybody a favor.
Jacob Roboda, 18 of New Bedford, turned the gun at himself Saturday.
After he fadily shot a West Virginia woman who was in his car.
Police originally said they shot him Saturday.
After he fired at them from the end of a high-speed chasing world Arkansas.
He killed gasful Arkansas Police Officer Jim Selle,
and led police on a 20-mile chase before being stopped in nearby Norfolk.
Arkansas, Norfolk, I see.
In OR, FORK, they're Norfolk.
Police had searched for Roboda since early Thursday when they say he used a handgun to wound three-minute puzzles lounge
that gave our in New Bedford.
Wall said two of his investigators are in Arkansas and reviewed his autopsy report.
Wall said Roboda's autopsy security was killed by the same gun used in the bar attack.
He said that the gun that also fired a bullet killed Jennifer Reena Bailey 33
and acquaintance he picked up after fleeing from Massachusetts.
He was not prepared to come out of this alive to which we say,
All right.
Let's see what we got here.
Now this is chronic.
See that?
I can tell just this looks like Riley again.
Isn't it?
It's not Riley, but it's chronic.
Chronic.
Chronic Faxor.
Cracks is one of the best movies to come around a long time.
Well, I hope you're right.
Oh, you saw you said it was very good.
It was great.
Four stars.
Really?
Yep.
Not as good as the constant gardener.
How can it be?
Big Lemousske is hilarious, it says.
Well, I'll give you one of the...
You have to see 2001 space Odyssey.
Numerous times just to begin to understand.
Oh, yeah, it gets a dialogue.
It's very difficult.
I did see it numerous times and I understand it perfectly and it's boring.
Right.
Dr. Strangelove is a movie for the ages.
Okay, well put that on there.
That's not the question.
Is a movie for the ages, okay?
Wizard of Oz is a movie for the ages.
I don't want to see it again, okay?
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Do you want to see it again, be honest?
No.
Josh, do you want to see Wizard of Oz?
No.
I'm good.
No.
Movie for the ages, don't want to see it.
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was very good.
Not the one with Spencer Tracy, the one later on would like whoever it was.
Louis Jordan or somebody.
Very good.
Don't want to see it again.
House of wax with Vincent Price.
The original house of wax.
Movie for the ages.
Do I want to see it again?
Absolutely not.
The question is, other than the Godfather, all three of them, a movie you could watch as
it in times.
Over it.
Over it.
Over it.
Here's what we got so far and it's enough to make me want to impale myself with a very sharp object.
We got 1121 vote.
I look at Pirachi of Pakistan and the Getskies there to like cut the American flag on the ground.
Hundreds of people gathered to vent the anger in the capital.
We had to go to the ground.
Too bad screw them.
Oh, we hate Denmark.
Well, you know what?
Yamama.
Yamama's so soft and healthy.
We hate Denmark.
So we don't care.
We hate you.
How do you like that?
Idiots.
These are the days where snappy dressers.
Other than Godfather, a movie you could watch as it in times blazing saddles 132.
Pulp Fiction 104.
Give me a break.
And we said movie.
Animal House 80.
My cousin Vinnie 72.
National Ampoule Vacation 62.
The Great Escape 46.
Wizard of Oz 46.
I think a lot of our audience they just want to find that yellow pink brick road.
What color does that?
Tain Trin and Autumn Beals 44.
Caddy Shack 41.
Fargo 41.
Now we're talking.
Francis McDormann, she is one of the all-time greats.
I love her.
And of course, what do you make?
Why she goes without sand.
And Henry Gibson.
Glenn Geary, Glenn Ross 40.
You ferry.
Yeah, I watch it a few times, but it's not.
I really don't think I watch it again.
Glenn Geary?
Yeah.
I watch it every time it's on.
Get out of here.
Well, I'm sorry.
Yeah, don't forget.
Buffy's for clothes is on.
Yeah, keep that in mind.
And also keep this in mind.
Go to lunch.
Get the chop.
Briefly.
Char Shanker N.37.
The Natural 36.
Airplane 32.
Rocky, who are a picture show 29.
Jack Lemon was so great.
And even though he's considered very highly, I still think he's underrated.
He was great.
Scarface 22, life of Brian 22, heat 21, reservoir dog 16, Joe Dirt 16, the Good the Bad and
Alan Brown 14, West Side Story 14, office space 13, Sin City 12, Dumber 11, Lord of the
Rings 10, Goodfellas 9, Die Hard 9, let it ride 9.
Rounder is 9.
Nobody's got 8.
Smoky and the band is 7, Casino 7.
Nobody got 8 because Joyce forbids it.
The day the Earth stood still 7, Roger Rabbit 7, 6 for a little big man.
The Big Limousies 4, Big Deal.
Thankfully to all 4, the Exorcist 4, Silence the Lamas 3, Kane Newton E3, Standing in the
Shadows of Motown 3, The Karate Kid 3, Spartacus 3, Minority Report 3, Two Fibon
Platoon Slingblade, Imaginary Heroes, which still has only 2 won't get anymore, 2 bad,
Half-Bake 1, Leafle Weapon 1 and Longest Yard so far has got the Big.
Oh, seems to me that we got the one guy, every time we do any kind of movie pool he always
calls it the longest yard and it always comes up with the same number even he don't vote
for it.
Right, kind of, right?
I don't get it.
Now a little bit bizarre, a little bit.
By the way, Hillary Clinton is stuck up to Walmart.
You see that straight we head on there?
No.
Yeah, look at our website.
I don't have time for it.
Damn it.
But, here's some more bad news.
Walmart plans to open more than 1500 stores in the USA in the coming years on top of the
nearly $3,200 already operates.
That's what they said yesterday.
They want one on every street corner across from every new stadium in the auditorium.
John Minzer.
The company's vice chairman had it's domestic Walmart stores.
The vision said Walmart's unscheduled meat and an ounce target of between $335 and $177
new US store openings this year after $341 last year.
That number includes Walmart discount stores, super centers that also have a full grocery
section, smaller neighborhood markets and Samsung membership warehouses, super centers
are the largest single group with 19 of the age locations in the US and the focus of
future growth plans.
They want to put everybody out of business.
They want to put the grocery people out of business.
They want to put the video people out of business.
They want to put everybody out of business, right?
Right.
The super stores that carry everything.
Walmart opened 69 new stores and Stan's Club is in January, a company record for one
month.
I had no idea that they anything to with Stan's Club.
Did you?
Yes I did.
Well what do they got to do with Stan's Club?
They own it.
They are one the same.
They are the same at the T.
Oh no.
Yes.
Thank God I never got a Stan's Club card.
Never got one.
Neither.
Guess why?
Walmart.
Right.
Good guess.
56670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
You should definitely have cash for the Christ on that Jesus.
Jesus?
Yeah, I'm about to use you.
Jesus Christ.
Somebody can do it.
Hey, hey, hey, hello.
Yes, I.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I want to put something on the ball.
We'll go right ahead.
Slap.
What's that?
I said slap her right on her.
What do you got?
Well, I haven't heard you mention it, but how about Stan Her?
Stan Her.
How about Stan Him?
Stan Her.
Oh, brother.
I saw it about a hundred years ago.
Why do you want to see that?
You like them guys dressed up like that?
Who doesn't?
Okay.
Stan, who Stan Her again on it?
He's lost.
Yeah, better.
No sense of humor.
Kind of like those eras.
Oh, there they are.
So when you realize that in Islam, pigs are considered dirty and forbidden to eat.
The point is that the-
The Muslims try to do through political manipulation, what they couldn't achieve through
the democratic exercise of their freedoms in Denmark.
Mainly so the people unrest.
Well, good.
They're doing a hell of a job.
Like I said, they're doing a hell of a lot better job than the Catholics are doing.
Catholics need to go back to some of those days like the Inquisition and the Acruisades.
Right.
Start making a little bit better offer.
And maybe that's why they want to put Michael Jackson in that Pope CD.
No.
So, turn a little Michael Jackson music north to charge.
Hey listen, let me say it again pal.
At my junior, honey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
They still watch the simpsons and laugh like the looms.
And they still think it's funny to bring helium out of the looms.
Watch it full house reruns, drinking juice from a fire.
That's an average day for the loser and the fuck.
Can't believe they can't see.
How that poor little thing,
Better hold making its mom's jeep,
And it's great to say,
Cause that's a big deal without any sign.
Oh man, I feel bad for a baby better life.
Poor stabilization is the only hope.
All of you assume that the baby would turn out to be really beautiful when you.
That remains to be seen.
Having little swish cheese now is my lunch.
That's fine.
Is that fine?
No carbs.
That's fine.
Zero carbs.
And a little bit of fat.
Not heavy duty though.
No transplants.
Okay.
That's alright.
Sweden plans to be the world's first oil free economy.
Let's hear it for those swimmers.
Even though they tend to be extraordinarily anti-Somantic.
Sweden has to take the biggest energy step.
I hate to be here.
All you've been doing it.
Wait, what?
You guys.
Talking with food in your mouth.
Oh yeah, what are you doing?
Hey, you started it.
I remember that medal.
Remember about one.
About eating while on the air.
Yeah, I'm not told to drop dead.
And I told him to drop dead.
That's what you said.
Screw you guys.
I would be.
How would you?
Sweden has to take the biggest energy step of any advanced Western economy by trying to wean itself off oil completely within 15 years without building a new generation of nuclear power stations.
Without.
You attempt by the country of 9 million people to become the world's first practically oil free economy is being planned by a committee of industrialist, academics, farmers, car makers, civil servants and others who will report the parliament in several months.
The intention the Swedish government said yesterday is to replace all fossil fuels with renewables before climate change destroys economies and growing oil scarcity leads to huge new price rises.
So maybe they're getting the message, you know, they're right there by right across the water there from Copenhagen from Denmark.
The Swedes.
Maybe they're getting the message, see?
Maybe that's the real reason that the Muslims are invading is because the Scandinavian countries are saying that how would you guys and you're thinking oil?
Our dependency on oil should be broken by 2020 said Mona Sally, the minister of sustainable development in Sweden.
She was probably in some of that early Swedish porn that you used to watch that I'm waiting used to.
There shall always be better alternatives to oil, which means you know how should need oil for heating and no driver should need to turn solely the gasoline.
According to the Energy Committee of the World Swedish Academy of Sciences, there is growing concern that global oil supplies are peaking and will certainly dwindle in that a global economic recession to result from oil prices.
Mrs. Sally is described oil dependencies one of the greatest problems facing the world.
A Sweden free of fossil fuels to give us, you're right about eating on here boy, it's bad.
Gary Brutes is right then.
Would you it screw him would give us an honest advantage is not least by reducing the impact from fluctuation to oil prices.
The price of oil is crippled since 1996 she pointed out.
The government official says we want to be both mentally and technically prepared for a world without oil.
Remember that song Peter and Gordon the world without love?
No, I did.
How about a cap of records Peter and Gordon?
How about a world without oil of the same tune?
The plan is a response to global climate change rising petroleum prices and warnings by some experts that the world may soon be running out of oil.
How do you like that?
There it is.
And we will we'll lock you wait before you sing it again.
Take them to the gun show this weekend.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 and they've risen in singular wireless line.
WQAM hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey good afternoon.
Good afternoon to you sir.
I'm surprised one has mentioned Star Wars.
That's the one in 1977 episode 4.
Episode 4.
Just the one that's called Star Wars.
Right right right.
If I can kind of put my two cents in for a shot check redemption.
The reason the reason that we didn't do so well even though it was rated a very good movie.
Because of the actual title.
And like you're saying it just the name Shawshank.
The unit sounds like it sounds like somebody got a bad piece of meat or something.
I just have them.
Or like maybe a bad golf movie.
But that movie I came across it when the friend of mine rented it and I was like oh all right I'll see it.
And after I saw it there was such a great movie that I actually bought it so that my dad can watch it.
And he loved it also and I have it at home.
Now the reason that we keep pushing so much for you to watch it is because we kind of know what kind of taste you have in movies.
And we know that you will just love this movie.
Why because it's a prison movie?
No no no.
It's got a wonderful story in it and it's got a nice twisting ending you know where you think.
Twisting I don't know.
I don't want to spoil anything but you know it's got a very nice ending and it's got a nice cast and it's a little long.
So you have to be a little patient but at the end you're going to say one more.
This is a pretty good movie.
Okay so the last year is...
I'll call you when you see it I'll call you and I'll tell you that.
You see I told you.
You said told yourself okay.
Or I'll say gee you made me waste a lot of money.
Well you have to move it.
You have to move it right?
No.
But I had it.
Yeah well I had it.
Somebody gave it to me years ago but you think I still got that tape for you to get a bunch of toilet?
I flushed it.
Oh I can handle it.
I can hit it all right.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Sing about it.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Why are you sound so depressed?
I told him I'd watch it.
Right.
No there's nothing wrong with it.
It's just not as good as the people like to say it is.
Well he says he knows my taste in movies and I think you'll like it.
I think you'd like it too.
Yeah.
I don't think you're going to like showers really.
There's two.
Okay.
I think well you'll be like me.
There's too many Jews in it.
Don't you understand?
Look you as I said.
I can go to sunrise.
It's a licensee.
All the Jews I want.
Okay.
I can go to Halem.
Listen.
It's about my life.
I've been surrounded by Jews.
Can I see a movie that don't have any Jews in it?
Get it.
I can't see that.
Nothing's that's why I'm listening.
Huh?
It's about a Nazi.
There are Jews in the movie and it has a lot to do with it.
It's too much of a bush.
I don't want to say a bush.
But a gentleman was a Nazi.
It's about him.
It's his story.
Yeah.
All right.
What do you think I like imaginary heroes?
There's no Jews in it.
How do you know?
Trust me.
I checked it out.
Amal Hirsch.
Well that's right.
He might be Jewish.
I'm sure you guys have got some homework to do.
Find out if he's Jewish in the course of the other party.
He's a German.
All right.
He's Neil Rogers.
This is 560.
All right.
When we just call it to become a part of history, James Jones, Charles Manson and David
Koresh.
And now the man known as Just Do.
Who is that castry that we feel that we wish to be?
Uh, Jason, they call him Do.
He's a powerful spaker.
He's very persuasive.
I don't even know what that means.
Yes.
He looks a lot like Buddha.
Oh, what a swell guy.
He gave me three vodka.
The guy can grab.
He can buy.
He can leave Billy when he picks his nose at the same time.
He's got to be a god.
Uh, play ugly.
Those guys get who other is in Jerry Garcia.
Ladies and gentlemen, would you please welcome our fearless leader?
Flash the leader.
Flash the link.
Don't remember everyone before we get on a spaceship.
You must be wearing the official shoe of the Sector 7 Game Call, that's right.
Just don't get too, uh, dope.
No.
Just dope.
Don't.
Just dope.
Oh, boy.
Don't.
You probably know.
No.
Probably one of where I went.
Well, there was an icon in the door.
And I got my fast paper.
right? Why the hell do they bring it up stairs?
I don't know.
The be nice, I guess.
So it says right on here, leave at the year with the concierge and they didn't do it.
That's okay.
So now I got a whole bunch of fast paves.
Do you want some?
Yeah, please could you send some down?
Okay.
They'll save me a Twitter.
I'll get the rest.
I'll bring your part.
I don't want to slip over to the other side of the building.
So let's see.
We got the blazing sandals.
So I got all these movies I got to buy now.
Big Lebowski.
Cross-ank redemption.
Schindler's list.
Crack your sending me, right?
Right.
You're crashing it all the time.
You're a bad cowboy, you're sending, right?
Yeah, you should have that downstairs right now.
Really?
In fact, you're right.
It is downstairs.
For setting this thing, this package, if I just...
And then something just so you know that you know that's not out on DVD yet.
So the copy that you're getting is a pirated copy.
So the quality is the way.
Well, wait a minute.
You're sending me a pirated copy?
Yes.
So the quality that you're getting is about like VHS.
Still fine.
You know, just not where you are.
You're sending me an HD quality.
So when I get my new HD at DVD this month.
When those come out, I'll pair it.
Cowboys are going to be like really a pirate.
One of those when they come out.
I see.
Anyway, the Cowboys are in it.
Heath Ledger and Jake Irwin Hall between the two of them.
Although Josh has big into Jake Irwin Hall.
That's why he liked that Johnny, Johnny Dark.
I heard there wasn't much between the two of them.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
They don't measure up.
So anyway, let's see.
Jake Killin Hall was in.
Well, he learned.
He got in the gun in Darko, right?
Doing a good job.
And you watched half of it.
It's a very good movie like I said he dies in the end.
Right.
All you need to know.
Maybe you don't even want to watch.
I just want to watch the rest of it.
Just because I told you he croaked in the end.
It isn't a big deal.
He died just the way he thought he was going to die.
So there's no surprises, right?
By the way, just here's your original copy I made for you.
Oh, geez.
I don't want to put this on the ear.
Man, they're going to come and drag your ass.
If it's not going to be for all them drugs,
it's going to be for bootleg coffee.
You're in deep crap about my immigration violation.
At least live long enough to have that lunch on Monday.
Bye, bye, bye.
