How things ever were white hot I think we're like ice cold. They certainly were as in the icy sleeve
Got one of them icy sleeve and maybe got the icy patch whatever
Last night. Well, that's what goes, you know, it's good though
I was able to leave it to half and get a good night's sleep. Well, that's excellent
You need it anybody gets up at that hour the morning can't be afford to be out late watching some stupid basketball
Whatever
Watching and his icy sleeve. So what's going on today? Just another man paradise sunny not a cloud in the sky
It's gonna be 70 day. It's just oh man. It's like a gods day as they say that's
Suited get filed. Oh, we found yesterday at 415. I filed a 422
$2 million lawsuit and actually what we discussed on your yesterday is a good idea
We're gonna file a class action suit. Yeah, we're gonna let the audience sign on so that they can all get a piece
You know they can all with their beak
Yeah, that's right. Well, why not? How not they're the ones that are being deprived
Especially were were in fact were filing two million on each of the fart sounds just on the fart sounds alone
Really stop and think about it here's somebody who's like the legal beagle who is totally unqualified
and then even own a radio probably and
And she's making decisions about she's trying to sandbag this show
And what kind of a company hires an attorney that's trying to sandbag their top rated show on one of the most important
Properties only a bunch of
Clampitz I guess banjo boy group ink. Did you see the story in New York about Howard Stern? Yeah, I got in my pile here
Yeah, well, what a surprise. Yeah, his ego just leave you that's exactly
That's what it's about. He's a piece planned to about 20% of the audience or 10% of the audience he used to have
Not only that but now they excuses. Oh, he wants to compete with the longtime enemies opian Anthony since they're on satellite and also gonna be on regular
Touristory radio. Yeah
And I'm for the guy just got a 250 million dollar bonus in January. What the hell what do you need?
How we what's all you need to feed that big fat ego feed his big God?
No, yeah, the only thing bigger than this schnauz is that ego just makes me nauseous
I could understand if there was something there to back it all up
And I know I got a lot of stern people listen to me. Oh, you hear the needles too bad. I don't I don't find him
He hasn't said anything funny in 15 years talk about living on the BS and hype. I know given that though
Every time he farts man the whole world is sniffing the air. Oh man. Howard just did it again. Yeah, it's just this amazing to me
Yeah, that's that's the secret to success is the master of hype
So what are we gonna do about this place? I don't know what how the survey came come out yesterday on the
Crossover. Oh, that was on yesterday
It was over the weekend. So you're you're out of touch. I heard you
I thought it was I thought that I like it. They like it a lot. Okay, and I mean we like it because a lot of good
Time people tell me they love it. I mean I run into people say they yeah, they're just sucking up
You know, that's how people always are oh man. That's a great idea that no matter what it is if they hate it
They're not gonna. They're gonna tell you that well. They would just bring up the crossover do they yeah, and why is that?
Who are these people name me one besides Phil Saltsman? I don't know their names. Oh just just didn't release
Oh, they stopped him. He likes it. Oh, you know, and that's the good case against it there. Let's stop talking right now
Oh, man. Billy Kilmer likes it. Billy Kilmer. Yep. Oh my god. What an old hack he was in why the same team was the number 17?
Yes, wow. Who is the other don't tell me who is the other red scheme quarterback?
They're they had two quarterback sonny Jørgensson sonny Jørgensson
Boy said don't tell you good old red
Sorry, I wasn't supposed guys named red. Let's see. There's a Tom Durkin is old red
Although I don't know why cuz he doesn't have red here. No, but they call him old red. I didn't know that
Oh, here's another one for the pool today. Jörgens the rudist thing people do speak in Spanish in public already added it
Did you really good good? They're good that'll go zooming to the top there. That's part of the
Spanophobia of South Florida man
Speaking English speaking English
Anyway, can we get back to what I just said before that was a provocative thing about what the hell we're gonna do
Maybe a hitman. I still think it's the only suggestion what we're gonna do about Bozo the clown in there
Anyway, it's 1003
That was your story don't start being a wimp
We start with me not gonna get no
Suspensions no pet Venezuela's okay. How is he still riding man? I just I don't know get it and very well too
It's yeah, it's of course he's dead now, but he's like to Steve how of
Forrest racing how many times was how suspended you get more lives than the everybody can
Until recently, yeah, human very bonds
What a disgrace I still love that banner man Babe Ruth it on hot dogs and beer. It is so beautiful
On class. Yeah, that's right and talent
I think you're into that on class and talent and it's quite the fact that he was a dark conflicted
But you were a Pittsburgh pirate fan for a long time. Yes, I was for a long long time
Were you a pirate fan when bonds was playing there? No, you kidding me your cup span then yes, okay?
I was a parts fan from like 60 to 79
A dick Stewart and Rocky Nelson and Bill Mazerowski and Bob Skinner and Roberto Clemente and Bob friend and
DeVernon Law the Deacon and Freddie Green and the bullpen L. Roy face Dick Groot Dick Groot. That's right
Don Hoke who
Had a little premature death kill them saw
Who I leave a smoky bird is he was one of our favorites see us bad people. We always like the fact guys
It's true, isn't it always like a cannon was my favorite detective show. Why is the fact guy?
Why not yeah, William Conrad yeah, who that was William Conrad hoodie plan radio. Can you tell me that wasn't he
Yes, I do know that one smoke yeah, not doing
How about
Bird Raymond bird so I can't really whisper that you know, and he was also gay, but that's beside the point
boy, you know your buddy couldn't hurry Mason was gay
Yeah, everybody even even ironside. Yeah, he was doing we these all over the place
Damon Burr what am I hearing out the way to them?
I'm hearing noises now must be must be sinilities. No, I must be the maiden in the room neck into place next door. God
But they can so much noise you illegal alien
God no, they are all the maids in this building are illegal aliens believe me saying my building
She mercenific way man's going around
So I don't know what tell we're gonna do about these people. I just you know tomorrow's payday for me
So I just do we don't care anymore. Yeah, I basically can this up the checks. I would take the money
I would just I'd bleeding for every see in your case. I mean, what do you got to worry about?
This is like a secondary gig. Do you got ESPN ABC? You got you know, you got whatever you want Vegas
You do about there and do a national show from Vegas every day. What an interesting suggestion. Yeah
Well, you think that's a good idea. What an interesting suggestion. Yeah. Yeah
Well, what does that mean?
It's just
Something going on that we don't know about yet. I don't know. Thanks going to Vegas to do a national
Oh, man, that was good
Right, we just broke here the one with a breaking news. We just broke a big star. What is that correct?
Wait, what is this story? I'm in another year after this. Yeah, oh in other words after this you're going to Vegas and do your show there
That sounds good. It's crossing my I'll tell you what you can do your show from Vegas
I'll do my show from my false view and agro falls. Well, I'd like that and we could hook up
Well Josh and Georgia hooking up tonight. They're Georgia's taking Josh for his birthday tonight to the melting pot for his 23rd birthday
It's taking him to the melting pot and then where home. That's it. Well his wife is waiting. I don't like it in that way
I didn't mean that in what way?
Well, I know you after the melting pot one of those places where you do shows or appearances from George
Yeah, we think our women there too. Okay, we're gonna let lot dances for the girls
It's not a bad thing. There's one for the pool today chewing but the white room mouth open. I think it's
That's John in South Carolina. He's just been in the woods too long John get out of the woods. Okay, get with the give of the program
Yeah, I'm still waiting to see this new guy do something, you know, you know, I mean just do something
I guess I guess he's still living on the fact that he paid off motor go away
They follow rest of us happy
So we can get that point nine and a point five in there between two and four that was quite an accomplishment
Just when you think you can't get any lower. We're doing like fractions and in my life
You know except for when WNWS first went on the year
No, our first few months
Because and not only that we had a horrible signal
But except for that I don't think I ever worked out a station that had like fractions in any hour
You know during the daytime when people are awake. I can't recall anything like that
Three in the afternoon is 0.5 on this radio station. How do you do that?
How do you do that? I don't know. I guess you run the revolving dough between two and four and you put a lot of that kind of sound on here
Oh brother fingernails on the blackboard. Oh, I threatened I was gonna play that eight sounds
I'm gonna play that today. I'm gonna start with that eight sounds that you hate because that should be in her two here's number nine
Yeah, as a screeper says that's number nine
Well, it is nobody wants to hear that. Oh man people scream at me about that. Well, what is that?
What kind of sound is that you guys got on there and I say squeaky?
Remember squeaky from sure tried to assassinate your old Ford
Those were the days man 60s see that that's why I like the neo-young thing
And I'm not gonna go out and buy the the CD and play the music of protest music
I know what why bother the public isn't like that anymore
It's 60s look at the difference between the people in the 60s and the people now they they're just indifferent
They there's no way to get them whipped up about anything except something of freebie or something
Maybe if we gallon again, they just don't care about anything. That's like the movie with Dustin Hoffman and Barbara strison and Robert De Niro
Did you see the movie?
I can't say it on here meat of whoever oh the fuckers. Yeah, that was it. You can say that's an English movie
Anyway, the city where Dustin Hoffman is standing under
I see that because there was there was one because it's funny
And there was one scene in that movie where Dustin Hoffman lies down in front of Robert De Niro's RV
And he's protesting but I say that because you don't see
That kind of reaction to things anymore. No. No, everybody's indifferent. They're just uh, you know
They've been beat up so much they just like remember the um
speech that uh
Fade out of way made as Diana and networkers. He's talking about the American public is shot up
They've effed themselves limp and blah blah blah and they just they know they just given up
So they need somebody to articulate the popular rage. Well president pushes in the area
Yeah, I see that they need somebody to articulate the popular rage president bush
That would be a good speech Howard Beale. Yes, that's who we need can you believe that Josh didn't maybe now that he's turned 23 and becoming almost an adult
He can watch it again and might enjoy it and understand it if that is one of the top five movies of all time
And my name is ish kabibble my name is Mortimer snored
my name is
Bird Tillstrom remember bird Tillstrom sure
We old well something I have I make no apologies for that. I like kukla fran and allie he did
Yeah, and I like Buella the witch and I like uh, what was the I like Paul Winchell and Jerry Mahoney
I used to have Paul Winchell on my show as a guest on the phone at i.n.z
He wrote a baby was a um it was really an atheist
But he didn't have the balls to call himself that so he had this book he wrote about your personal apocryphal whatever
Just a bunch of double talk for being a atheist but he was his very interesting guy
Yeah, I heard him on your show years ago you did yep, and then well he died
So I think we'll be having him back he died he died. It's going around you know it's an epidemic
When I die I'm gonna have them bury my ashes at woodbine not out in the racetrack
But like right inside right by the good machine. Well now that I'm tight with the general manager up there
I can arrange it you know I'll tell you you know, which one is a good machine? What's that which everyone is paying when you're playing it
That's a good machine. Now that's correct. That's true. That is absolutely correct
I always laugh on her these people. Oh, that's a real good machine
But yeah, because you're winning on it now you idiot or somebody's winning off that it's a good machine
What does that mean? God? It's like saying oh boy, that's a really good horse
Yeah, because he just won a race and you cashed a ticket
Maybe it's the only race he's gonna win all year for all you know
Just like that barbrow. I don't think he's gonna win no triple crown. I don't have any jacomal in it
You never won another race. Chef D to one man. Well, he was of course
I mean barbrow is a quality horse. Jacomal was like blue factory material
Yep, he only won because the rest of it by default because the rest of the everybody else fell down just if that's right
I don't say everybody fell down. That's bad. I remember telling you that and it's a true story
I'm watching the races on the racing network that one day. This is maybe a year ago in this horse
Thuribrad racing and the horse is six likes ahead in the stretch and I the thought crossed my mind
The only way this horse can lose is if he falls down and he suddenly swirled to the left and ran into the right into the rail and
fell down
You know, I felt guilty about that like I did it
You know, I mean yep, that's the power of
Put that put the canary on him kind of like what the caribels done to all of us destroying three careers all
I'll tell you one thing at least he's spreading it around though
No, no, he is he's destroying all of our careers nice going Joe. You're a hell of a guy man. You're really doing it
When is he going to get off his ass? I don't know how much you do because you got the cloud man
You're big your fat. You're heavy. You're like, uh, you know, you're left to do with cloud. No
Looks like
That's a good idea maybe I have some ideas. I want you to go in there just pound your fist on the desk and just they would scream and do something
You know do something god clipy and mr. Namby Pambi do something brother
But my real advice is just like I always so just take the money
So I like that idea better not just screw him. Yeah, you know, I gave you a man dog the best advice several years ago
And if I would just stick to that I live a lot longer. Yeah, take him out of the back
Cast it. That's not our it's not our problem
They're the ones that wrote all these big fat contracts and screwed a whole place up and then that's their problem
Let them worry about that's what they're getting paid to do
We're getting paid to show off every day and do the best we can
And I'll tell you one thing we're sure doing better than two to four to be following dough
And today we got bow but then the rest of the week we got
As the Chinese say we got surus the rest of the week. Oh, brother
Wow that child that is first the least he's got that hockey expertise. How about those sabers
Beat Ottawa two in a row right there at Ottawa man. I was going down
But Carolinas putting it to the devil Carolinas. I love that. Oh all the teams. I like our winn'n'am
I'm real happy to see that teams. I'm rooting for but there wouldn't be something if B. M gets swept just like his predecessor
J. M jack martin the frog got the always in the playoffs the big token out of way, you know
The spokesman Brian Murray would that be something that got swept by the sabers?
It's already 10-14. I think it's already passed my third break. It's really killed enough time here. That's good
That's the idea man kill the time take the money to the bank. That's it
That's right. That's what we're doing and we make no bones of at least we're honest about it
We don't give a crap if you know if they get like a point one. That's their problem
They're the ones who made the problem or I couldn't pay to be problem solvers
We've been played a paid to be a blog cast
Like any Marques in the crow and people like that. Well listen have a great day you two and I see you run again tomorrow
Yes, I'm here all week all week all five days all five days. Oh my god. I'm right. This down on my wrist
See you tomorrow
The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts
Oh look at that
Hey happy working with Josh
Back with your just Judy shine long. What are my favorite people thank you, sir
St. Louis. Hello. Hi Mary hi
Judy do you ever pay for
Sure you pay oh absolutely and I don't think it makes any difference. Philadelphia. Hello
Judge Judy. How's the prostate?
spectacular. Oh good. So it hasn't given you any more trouble. Right great
Oh listen my dad says you used to be a linebacker for the Equatorators. It's true
Wow how many pieces did you play in the NFL?
uh to
Balls Angelo's as we continue the calls for Judge Judy. Hello. Judge Judy
I saw the tabloid that you stars and torture little kids in your basement. Is that true? Yes. How could you stop?
I
Well
Larry I think that we're not doing enough to abuse the children. Okay. What about you Larry? What are you doing your spare time?
Trolling internet for sex. Beautiful. What the hell is wrong with you two? This is supposed to be role model
Yeah
Hey, man. It's a 1017 already. Let's go home man. Wow. This is something. I gotta do a we might do
To break side by each. You know, I just discovered the other day
Uh, they all say that here. That's a Canadian thing side by each. Yeah, I thought it was just uh that track announcer
Used to be a woodbite. I thought it was a Frank Saliva. I thought he was the one who just said side by each
They all that's a Canadian thing, eh? They don't say side by side. They say don't remember that famous song side by each
Nope. Hey once again everybody's feeding the pinch of the gas pump the good folks at Dyle mattress one 800 mattress
Want to help you through this a little bit? A wee bit. Dyle mattress is offering you a free tank of gas
Here's how it works. You simply take the full amount of any gas we see off your next mattress purchase up to 10% of the purchase
spend 35 bucks to the gas pump take 35 bucks off any purchase of 350 bucks or more
spend 50 bucks at the pump take 50 bucks off any purchase of 500 or more
You'll need your gas received to save that cash
Why drive all over town wasting gas? Get the mall and furniture stores and so-called giants in a mattress business for the best
Deal call 1 800 mattress right now and save a ton of cash as always
You'll choose the date and time you're delivery within two our window that's convenient for you any day
Seven days a week from eight in the a-m
Detent in the b-m and when you call our good friends at Dyle mattress like I've been doing for a very very long time
1 800 mattress you'll choose from the areas larger than inventory the top names in a mattress business
Seely and service Simmons the King Coral temper pita concerns have been at this foster so call 1 800 mattress right now
You can be sleeping on a great new mattress as soon as tonight or log out of their website mattress.com
1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for savings and
Sposeman
I think you're at
You
8 sounds that you hate
But I'm in it and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't handle one or two much less all eight
Sounds that you hate
But I'm in from a boy's they will surely separate I tell you what they are
guaranteed you'll go
I like fingernails on a blackboard people back their neck for the knuckles
When I run sky will fall together
That just makes me
Oh
Hey, sounds you can't stand
Would you tolerate if you were a head the man I am
And to the lips of a
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate
Here's what I really love
You might want to try it
Give me feedback in my headphones
Oh yeah, that's more like it
Little more little more over there
Hey sounds so unique
Now let's review so you can really really free figure nails on a blackboard
When people back their neck or their knuckles
Rub his thyro form together
For it makes me chuckle
I grab new sneakers on a gym floor
Rating in a room and a window
When I get this to drilling my mold
That makes me say pingo
My boy singing on the record
Can't hold on fine china
If these have give you the shivers
That makes you a whiner
Hey you go nuts to someone bite their fork like this
But I love it
Yeah, I'll do it again
Do you have a nervous system left
How about the squeegee wiping a window I back my neck
So you win
So for a win
Oh wait, I got one more
10 24 or 5 60 Wtq way and boy it's almost time for the next break
I'll take a one thing man. I may not have the programming screened up
But thanks to that great new guy we got Chris Jones and new salesman there we got spots up the yes
There's a lot to tell which is usually sort of some very serious disease by the way
Oh bad news from a rack
Violence killed at least 34 people including you by soldier as efforts to finish choosing the new cabinet bog down in a web of conflicting interest today
More bad news delirac official said Iraqi parties may look outside Parliament to find candidates for some key posts
The way to do this wall lawmaker said outgoing deputy Prime Minister Ahmed Chaliby that notorious gangster and crook
Former Pentagon favorite had been mentioned to head the interior ministry. Wow, that'd be great
In a separate statement
The US command said one American soldier was killed another wounded during a class Sunday near Tallah
Far to an 60 miles northwest of Baghdad
Another American soldier was killed when a roadside bomb struck a military convoy today southeast of Baghdad
These two US fatalities raised or at least 2421 the number of US military members who died beyond the audience
So we're getting real close to 2500 maybe that's the number. It's gonna get the public all with all I doubt it now
Well one of them things wq. I am not lying. Hello. Hey nail. I'm okay, sir
I would just like your comment if you wouldn't mind on the president this morning visiting the BCC library and
Encountering a citizen an elderly citizen sitting in a wheelchair and
President Bush's response to greeting him was wow you look mighty comfortable sitting there really that's our president
Uh-huh, this sounds like a wimp in a gimp is what it sounds like to me anyway. Can we move on it was not to 2010
I mean well, yeah, why keep picking on the poor president is approval rating by the way is reaching new low
31% all right. If I put it that sounds to me like
Wow and the disapproval ratings reached all time high of 65% here's the poor result from yesterday before we do the next break
Well, you know see that crossover backs us up and I like the crossover on a car what you say another break already
Yeah, that's coming up. Drusy. I'm getting a little drowsy from that drusy. You know what I'm saying? Oh no
Other than Bush and Cheney the aforementioned W which government type person you mistrust the most
They're all crooks 752. That seemed to be the overwhelming winner
Donald Rumsfeld, Hermann Gehring Jr. 386 Mr. Ha ha ha
Everything's a big joke. Here might be a very general mangrove
Kind of like rumor
Yeah, Bush 188 your fat ass cover with his devious plans to subvert the will of the electorate. How's that bullet train coming by?
Oh, it's like a bullet. Hillary Clinton 123 the ice princess for I'm really nervous about her
You got me very concerned and everything else I'm reading got me concerned
Kindle laser 110 110 hey condo you fairy Alberto V05 Gonzalez see the big drop off here only 46
They don't even know who the hell it is. They think he's somebody you shmere in your hair John McCain 37
That number ought to start going up real if you did a little homework
I hate this pull 28 and John Negra Pate 24 which probably the most evil of anybody on that list
But what do they know? They don't know no Negro Ponte
The butcher of the Honduras ball had to be always be a very wary of a big vault-headed guy
It looks like some kind of an assassin. That's what he looks like to me
Today's pool is as a weiner today's pool. Oh, I don't know if we're gonna make the thousands
There's got a late start about 2 a.m. This morning
You know, I don't know if there aren't very many bedtime stories on there
And I could claim that I did that as a birthday gift for Josh. So you don't have to work to our cuz I know be out getting smashed last night on the
Oh, I know that's why you did it
Wait, okay, I got news for you gonna be 140 stories on there today
I'm gonna put stories out there from the weekly reader. How do you like that? And they all better be there tomorrow
No, I think it was bi-ex it there's no question, but it turned out to be a nice gesture as it you know
I'll take credit for it and
George is taking Josh to the milk to the pot tonight for a nice birthday dinner
Which I think is a real sweet thing to the ultimate the pot. Well, that's nice
Yes, you know sometimes it's things you can't see that are really bad for you and soft food for 28 years
Drive concepts is absolutely the best a dry cleaning your carpets
I've been using them for over 21 years my homes
I wouldn't dream of letting out of anybody else smear with my carpets when you drag clean your carpets
You can clean the day and entertain the night because they're dry so fast like it just a couple of hours
Carpets stay cleaner longer too with no sticky residue left behind and with over 50,000 satisfied customers
You know, you got a lot of company folks who really love dry concepts and don't forget dry concepts are also the experts in water damage
Restoration keep that in mind during the
Hurricanes season certified technicians gets you out of the mold zone in just minutes not days and dry concepts
Can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours. It's guaranteed and speaking of guarantees
Don't forget to give you written guaranteed price right up front before they start the job
And they live up to it every time and to top it all off dry concepts as they
Stid the art or we have a rug cleaning plant the only one that exists in South Florida right on site
That's dedicated to keeping your expensive very rugs looking like you just bottom brand new
So do yourself a big favor next time you need these folks called dry concepts today toll free
1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 507. I'm be sure and tell me that ancient neo for you to call around the wiki web dryconcepts.com
This is new Roger
This is 5.62
You
Casting program
Everyone to complain to the station. Are you a terrorist to start paying outrageous prices for your tools of one and destruction?
Think of different
Accompanied street scout terrorism warehouse. Hey, even though you're a delineate Islamic fundamentalist killing machine
You still know a bargain when you see one
All weekend on the pizza big car pump blow on spectacular
Buy a car packed with over one thousand pounds of explosions
Get free air conditioning because when you're getting ready to drive into a building and blow your head off
You want to be cool and comfortable. How can I do this? I'm crazy. So it's like you today only buy one skim
Us eat five free available in black red
Dark rice and dope
Because when you confront in a great state and none of the United States you want to know sharp by pumps
We got the pipe pumps by pumps for so much stuff
No, you're evil American targets will be wishing and dixie out the other side of the last buy one by pump
If they said the flash nothing's free
Perfect for the next time you get your wife without your veil
Cover your face face screaming
So come to crazy accompanied to discount terrorism warehouse where we declaring holy war on
Praise I know
Oh, now this fact you just said me I noticed it wasn't my bad because I spelled flauntly correct way
But Eric had a little bit of a brain fart there. He's got F a L
You went to full-on I hate when people fall on their wealth. You got a bad spell on air. Eric on a flaunt get with it
Idiot. What's the hardest of the hardest the rudest thing people do
529 votes on a pool cell phone reviews 153 it's all over the place very rude in a restaurant in a movie theater and a
Well, whatever the situation using the cell phone inappropriately right in front of your face and it's ringing loud and there
But I mean better believe you get out of here cut the crap cell phone abuse 153 like the idiots at the
Sporting events who have to talk to each other on their cell phones in a wave and hey
I'll get a life cutting in line 101 which is a soft thought of pastime. It's one of their favorites
Elbowing their way in line or is that online
peeing on the toilet seat 83. God, I hate that you walk into a public tea room and you go to say well first of all
Why why we you know you shouldn't go on a sit down there right right?
No, I know some guys who always put toilet paper on the seat in the public
Huh that is so you know what that is that yeah, yeah
Only a pansy does that somebody really oh, I'm gonna get something all the other
I got to catch anything off a toilet seat peeing on the toilet seat 83 you know
I got a great idea lift the toilet seat or just work on better. I mean
What your foot or aim would be good Peter North would teach you. He's a straight shooter
Speaking Spanish 31. Yeah, we just put that on there and it's zooming up. Oh, I told you farting in public 31
Especially like an elevator or online in the supermarket or at the you're in there a good machine mine. Oh
Oh, I got a diamond one to think about it. You can just imagine the experiences I've had I just can't deal with it
Stealing parking spaces. That's bad. We got 30 men 30 said that
For hunting their wealth 28. We don't like when people fall out their wealth people who don't return phone calls
27 like Greg Reed people who just shine you avoid you run and hide that I guess as a child
There was probably Greg's favorite game hide and seek maybe his favorite game was Barry the light like a dog
Barry the oh they like that in the rack these days being loud while people are sleeping 26
I hate this pool 19 picking in rows in public five and burping in public
Solomon they trace
So anyway somebody uh one of our real chronics
Facts and said I hate it when people fall out their wealth as spelled on your website you pointed out
Thanks for pointing out eras bad mistakes embarrassing
But I really hate it when they drive at or below the speed limit on the left lane
I think that's a good one driving slow in the left lane. Yeah, good guy. We're good. Let's get it on there
Drive it first in South Florida. I mean, that's that's commonplace. That's a cool. Oh, there's nothing wrong with that
I was trying to be a safe driver
Mm-hmm and invariably if somebody over the age of a hundred you know who's sitting on four phone books
Please terrified. Let me tell you right now other than inebriated other than stone off the ranch the other worst drivers are scared drivers
They're most women are terrified drivers, so most women shouldn't be driving in the first place
I don't want to sound sexist or anything like that, but it's true most women are scared of death in a car
WQ I am hello
There yes, sir. Hey, you know what I really hate when you're at a checkout register in the person in front of you trying to you know pay their bill and
They're on the phone and they're not paying attention to cash years. I was trying to you know communicate with them
That's really going uh-huh and other thing you um it didn't rush yet
Is an award from sitting on a toilet see any claim? Yeah, I think so I do believe that yeah
I think he's becoming happy every time he stood up them oxygen kept falling out
uh-uh five six seven oh five sixty that's bad
Tom five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line. Hey rush. What's new man pick it on poor rush?
WQ I am hello Q a m
Hey, I have a comment on that uh left-hand lane these people driving left-hand lane cause that road rage
I mean you trying to get by him and it's just that unbelievable
They're like to cause all the actions. They're not in most of them, but the cause of them all yeah
Yeah, I believe so I really you know
I think over the age of like 60 take everybody's license away. I don't need one anywhere. I'm not driving no more take
Everybody over the age of 60. We're taking your license away this week. We're yanking it
But it's the answer good idea. That's an excellent idea
I don't know if I ever drove again even though I love my Corvettes. I don't it's uh no well, you know
Got like me anyway. I'd have a limo guy driving me around all the time with the other one
I need to be driving for it. That's right. My life and stuff. Florida one of those rare occasions when I'm there
And I sure as hell I'm not going to have no car here
Not with four dollar gallon gas
How the hell can I mean can you imagine that's like 65 bucks to fill up your tank
That's 65 bucks a woodman will ask me what like two three minutes on a bad machine
Mom, let's see that he changed that uh, you know
Nice job Eric right away. He gets embarrassed when he catch him one and bad spilling things because I'm like
I'm like Josh who doesn't know how to spell these things Eric knows how to he's just you know
Was a typo. What was that one of Josh had that one day? It was just oh I should write these down
You know you had one one day that was just so sensational. It was just I
Of course it suits my feeble mind, but it was it was a beautiful thing
Although I do remember Floyd, Venable, Jr
See things that are absolutely no importance. I got a blowmine and not way I do
Know is that what is what we're gonna say? Yeah, yeah, oh
Mm-hmm yummy chucky. Wow. I was thinking about having Chinese for lunch. That's a little inside story from
From woodmine god
Anyway, what's the worst thing you ever did growing up that drove your mom crazy want to make up for it this mother's day
Sunday let her know that you turned out okay and send an original Vermont teddy bear
She'll really appreciate it. She'll receive a beautiful bear made in Vermont delivered a home or work with a free card
And gourmet crumbles in a colorful gift box and you can only get them by calling your friendly bear counselor
Tool free at 1 8 8 2 9 bear or by shopping online at Vermont teddy bear.com
Now hope you tell her a bear just for your mom or wife like the nurse bear teacher businesswoman or gardening bear
Social know you really put some thought in your gift this year
They even have a new
Barefoot and pregnant bear for those moms to be and be sure to check out the new all-American mom dressed in the patriotic sundress and holding an apple pie
And for all you mom I wonder if it got cheese on it. Maybe a little of an ice cream to one aside and for all you mom
Is boys out there? Are you better send a mom is boy bear with a heart shaped mom tattoo on his arm
Got so many different ideas for you. They keep adding every year and dad's it's your job to get your wife to give from the kids and the mother
And Cup said is a great idea as it always is and as many comes as you need they'll embrace your kids names
Right in the outfits or it's had your wife it feels still thinks she's a hottie and send her the yummy mummy bear dressed in lingerie
Even if she looks like Rosie O'Donnell sending you Vermont teddy bear is so much more personal and fun than flowers
Which are dead in just a few hours and Vermont teddy bears are guaranteed for life
So send something new and different this year
You can even deliver her bear in the office or she can brag about you to her co-workers. It works like magic every time
overnight delivery to home or work is guaranteed
So call 1-800-829-Bair or do your shopping online at Vermont teddy bear.com
Send the creative alternative to flowers from others days something she'll really appreciate
Call toll free 1-800-829-Bair that's 1-800-829-BER and be sure and tell them that crusty old Neil told you to call
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.62-8
Get baby
The restroom smells like roses after I have done
Can't understand why everybody ain't saying to fun
The restroom smells like roses
You need to seem okay
But I can't be only one who uses the restroom today
I was only in there for a few minutes
I
Always bring the lights on and I am
Now the world is out that I
I guess I'll have to find somewhere else
Now I'll have to hold it in and hike my head into space
When I get my hands on those
Fresos room, the south batch of the space
I think you're at
Cause the restroom smells like roses
When ever I can do, it smells okay to me
When I do do
10.475-60-WQM
Here's our award-winning lineup
Write it down man, you don't want to miss a second of this
We got Kimba Bo campers through this afternoon
I had dog 4 to 6.32 and a half hours
Getting paid for 3, doing 2 and a half
Nice going, Jimbo, you're doing it
Like I told the humparmale, let's just start
Given these people what they deserve, you know
Which is very little
Marlins on deck 6.30, Marlins in the Braves at 705 night
Any interest?
The 8 and 21 Marlins who have lost 10 in a row at home
Is it 10?
Yes
And going 4.11, I think you got a good shot getting swept by the Braves
And any K at 10.35 or whatever the game finally ends
Whenever the misery finally is over
How about those sabers?
Oh, right
Here's probably the most important story we've ever had
I got a huge pile here by the way
So if anybody thinks we're going to be talking about some idiots all day
We already had some new coup falls onto the first hour
I was kind of interesting some new and different to Wacos
See, I don't mind Wacos, I just get out of the same ones
Or hate them
That's what Janet Reno says in the online
This we could work out in exchange like maybe on the West Coast or something
Or Wacos
And exchange a corporate revenue
Like for Joyce, we'll trade in Joyce for some
new cranks
Worst and slow drivers in the passing lane
Somebody says I think tailgating drivers is even worse when you're at or above the speed limit
Of course, or driving in the school zone
Okay
Tailgating, you want to put tailgating on there?
Well, tailgaters, that's easy
Okay, it's easy tailgaters
Didn't we're going to make that thousand today?
We had a real late start and this pull, that's my bad
That's because I'm just a real degenerate gambler
And I'm out there plundering away
Didn't do too bad
Didn't do the great but not too bad
Hours and hours and hours of fighting for the good machine man
596
So what do you think?
But we're a long way to go man
No?
About what?
Oh a thousand?
Yeah, they're going to get to the front
Are you eating again?
I'm eating a
Goatel
I'm eating a granola bar
No, just some toast
Oh, toast
Toast
What kind of a meal is that?
Well, I got a side train
You can go with nothing pot tonight
You don't want to be right here after the whole van
Keep it light
Keep it light
Keep it light
Keep it light
I wonder if that guy croaked you up probably
That old guy
Oh, thank god
He's in a box
Tostle collars in a box
I think that's going to be the name of my book
That I'm going to write
Anyway, here's this important story from Scohigan
Which is I guess in
Maine
Never been in Maine
You've been in Maine?
No
The rain in Maine falls mainly
A North New Portland woman
It's Portland, Maine
Accused of helping her daughter
Make cookies laced with the laxative x-lacks
Appeared before a jug yesterday
And pleaded innocent with single charger
Mr. Meena Resolve
Julie E. Hunt 43
Or Blue Prison Garbon handcuffs
She pleaded not guilty before a judge
Charles C.
La Verdeere
In Scohigan District Court yesterday morning
Hunt was arrested Friday afternoon
After a police investigation
Into an attempted prank
At Carabakh community school that caused
Four children the seventh-rate grade to become ill
They be ill and
Hunt is accused of making the cookies with three girls
Two age 13-14
The cookies were never eaten by the
Target of the prank a teacher
Who reportedly given one of the girls a low grade
The cookies were left on the desk
Of the teacher April 10 along with notes saying
We made these cookies just for you
Hope you enjoyed them
Oh that's what we had to send over to
Joyce and x-lacks laced with cyanide too
In their little bit
The teacher shared them with the students instead
Attorney Janet Mills who defended Hunt said
Her client denied any involvement
She also asked Judge La Verdeere to relax
Hunt's bail condition
So she can attend this plenary hearing for one of the girls
According to an affidavit
Filed in Scohigan District Court and signed by
Mainstay Trooper Hugh I. Landry
I wonder if he's kin to Greg Landry or Tom Landry
Hunt told the girls how to crush the laxative
Pills add them to the cookie batter
They used an entire box of pills
They found out about the incident with another student
Overheard to the girls talking about it
That's something
Now they're just little kids have a little bit of fun
That's all and and mommy
Yeah, no
There's an adult involved there
Right
Well she's teaching them how to have a little bit of fun
Here's how you get back to your teacher
She can get a band grade
You give her a little bit of what for it
That's all
That's cool fun
Unless you know you're one of the people
Eat the cookies or one of their parents
Oh no
Look at this. Oh my god. This story. I'm gonna
I'm gonna get on the floor and start making guttural sounds
This is the most disgusting thing
Yeah
If the last word I give you the runs
Oh
Yeah
Business man Wayne Heizing the Junior
Oh Junior
Told local business people yesterday
That he has had a lot of success in financial other affairs
But it took a personal relationship with Jesus Christ
To fill what he called a God-sized hole in my heart
Jesus Christ
Yeah
This is Junior
See I get confused about which of what he's got two sons
One of which is gay
And I don't know if this is the one or not
You know which one it is
I don't know either one from either one
Heizing has spoke about 375 people at Asville
What did it that North Carolina?
Yes it is
At connecting businessmen to Christ's eighth annual
Asheville Buncombe leadership prayer breakfast
At the Asheville Renaissance Hotel
What son of a-
Why?
What word did you say?
Asville
He's the son of a now-and-business man
Wayne Heizing the Senior
Baldi
The billionaire who built six different companies that have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange including waste management
Inc. the Blockbuster Video Chain and Republic Services
Heizing the Junior's president of Heizing the Holdings
Adversive I company that manages and owns the dolphins
Dolphins stadium and investments in banking resource
Moraine is yacht refit and construction
Reel state after advertising
Heizing the Junior said that seven years ago he realized he had a perfect life
by what everybody's standards would be
But he still felt empty
Imagine sitting down at the table eating and eating but never getting full
But after the conversion experience after he made Jesus
He said life is truly great
That good?
What a great warm story that is
Interfeated warm and fuzzy for junior
I met Jesus and he says he didn't know no Heizing but
Oh
Is that what he said?
The three of said
Deltos said I didn't know no God Father
I probably said
Grab my junior honey
Thanks for the start
I got a very heavy duty file here today
And of course we have limited time because the crossover went for like about an hour and a half
Which is good. That was a good crossover
Whatever the hell we talked about
About sticking it to this company man. Anybody deserve it. We got six fifteen
I think we got a shot today. We got a reasonable shot of
Josh really pushes it in honor of his birthday
Might as well do that and have to do any work on the website
And by the way Joe Bell shine Josh they were supposed to have a meeting this morning to
Slytherfine fine and you know finish up his deal
And once again, you know playing the old Greg Wiggie
Oh well he's having a big meeting with Duff
What don't his Duff have to meet with Joe Bell for?
Oh so the port of sure
Maybe Duff thought that Josh was already in the meeting there
Want to give him a little uh
Birthday gift
You think to go along with that Christmas goose
I don't know I just don't understand these people just keep be vading and running and hiding in there
I don't like that. Well the deal will be done today. So I'm having it. It will be done
I will be done good. That's what that Wayne Hesig and Junior says. So what I will be done in Christ name
All the fairy tales all the time all the bubble my sees all the time the virgin birth
The crucifixion the resurrection all of these things they were stolen by the goyem by appal's matter fact from many many religions that preceded
This whole christian thing
All part and parcel especially the virgin birth see a birth is somehow tainted if they were like those organs involved
If there was the sex act but when it's a virgin birth then they will fear there they'll blood involved right then they will fear you and then do
We not involve with those
Unclean women you know, I mean we need the woman to like deliver the uh
Well kind of like Tom Cruise these are women to deliver these fan to be that's right
Say a beaker robin hood gang robs gourmet stores in a bid to feed humbler's poor
I've been there a humbler Germany did you have a humbler? No
Actually, it hits a pretty good food though. I'll take it to food in Germany's good. Oh, yeah
So it is that food in homes sucks. Oh
Best foods in Italy and then I would say right after that is um
I would say Germany's right after that and places I've been they'd rest up and pink cat suits have names like spider mom
And feel a social obligation to put the most expensive restaurants and gourmet delicatestians in town is a campaign to
And I maybe this isn't Hamburg, Germany
This is a this is in the independent UK and it's a spider mom
I don't know since last week the well-heeled citizens of Hamburg's Alton district
This must be in Britain. I thought it was Hamburg, Germany
All over names now. This is uh, this is definitely Germany
Last week the well-heeled citizens of Hamburg's Alton district got a taste of their annex when 30 of them
Much in the city's luxury fresh paradise could thenkin supermarkets. See there's a hint and walked out five minutes later with
10,000 pounds worth of stolen goods. That's about
18,000 US
Dollars the gang's booty included magnums of champagne fillets of javities Kobe beef legs of anis and the salmon and several boxes of
Valrona chocolate before leaving gang members stressed the bouquet of flowers into the hands of a shop assistant
Ascist and offense was a hundred and no which proclaimed survival in the city of millionaires of being possible not us
It was signed by spider mom Santa Cuvara and multi flex another no later released by the gang assisted the fall
I've been distributed to the hamburgs needy to the social workers cleaning ladies and minimum wage earners
It added the places of wealth in this town are as numerous as the opportunities to take it
14 squad cars and a police helicopter scoured the Alton district for more than hour after the robbery but failed to find the perpetrators
The gang covered its tracks completely. They acted like professionals of boto fronds head of the Hamburg police
You investigate see fronds tons and fronds and all of a sudden all these names in here like you
Uh, it says the gang which refers to itself as Hamburg for free does not strike off an infice detective place almost exactly a year ago in 40
Mass men and women's storm the
Suleburg restaurant the city's wealthy black and easy district overlooking the river Elba
Hamburg for free. I think a lot of people like a high stress and it's a south photo Hamburg for free
Maybe two hamburgs for free. Maybe a bacon triple cheeseburger for free. When you think I'll take it
1057 a QAM Georgia's taking jack to the melting pot for his birthday and then what a fine idea that is because nobody don't like the melting pot
You make it sound like I'm paying you know, I didn't I say
I didn't say you're buying him dinner. That would be like saying we're is the meat of our dinner for everybody itself
Oh, man
The melting pot is a place where fondue becomes a memorable four-course dining experience and so unlike anything else
You've ever had if you've ever had fondue for you and for a real treat and surprise dip into something sensational
Enjoy a variety of unique on-premise and special melting pot dipping sauces
Start you dinner with the melting pots without cheese fondue. So we're three different breads, granny smith apples and crisp veggies
Next your choice to salads all of the melting pots homemade dressings and then your entrees include
Filet mignon and lobster and shrimp, Cajun, seasoned chicken, pork, protebella mushrooms, duck and more cooked in oil or broth
And of course you can't pass up a duck or a goose and those melting pot dipping sauces around this world
And then finally the piece to resistance for dessert to chocolate fondue is the best thing you've ever put well
One of the best things you've ever had in your mouth dip fresh strawberries
Banana's pineapple all your favorite fruits plus cheesecake brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed
Or is and graham crackers at the melting pot boy
This is really something special and don't forget this coming Sunday is Mother's Day
What a great idea because moms love the melting pot don't get left out call make your reservations for mom's day at the pot nearest you this Sunday
The melting pot you find now which one you guys going to poor Larder. They're in for Larder day waiting for Josh and George
By the way Josh doesn't you know he's not aware of it, but George is picking up the check. He doesn't want to make you feel bad
Not
Coral Springs does melting pot in bokeh North Miami Beach Cooper City and Kindle
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.60 Q.A.L
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
A lot solid any questions
They say down there it's all down me
Home in here, oh in and now it's me
But I must admit that what I want to hear
Those bodies might consider moving there
Is it true the laws are so relaxed down there no wonder if the lexicans will stay down there
Door is a man fooming to the next day go girl you gotta get some legal
And blow and exit call in lexical
It's tell me ecstasy down there in lexical
My shoes are broken
Tell me lids of pot down there in lexical
I just gotta do a whole show on magic mushroom don't you?
I don't know a damn thing about them about hallucinogenic shrooms
Although I do know they sell them in so many herb places and understood everything
Oh, you're hallucinogenic kind yes never had on it
I'm not just talking about regular shrooms that you like slice up and put in your steak or in your
Lever you can show someone your liver though. It's always good cleansing experience
Well, you know a lot about shrooms. No, I've never had the pleasure. I think captain Dave
I think it pretty used to do shrooms. Yeah, that's a lot of variety
Well, that's why we always crawling around on a floor during that show on Zeta
Those were the days baby those were the as Mary Hopkins said on apple records remember that apple label
Mm-hmm the beetles label here's the beetles six now there's a guy that Ed Sala us a Solomon
Solomon he had some talent today
He was as wooden as a cigar store Indian he made rendez as look like a Mexican jumping bean
There she is Mary Hopkins baby. She's poppin. It's Mary Hopkins. He's hoppin on those good the day
Oh
It's a long time
When I walked a group of most peculiar people I wasn't really sure if they were
You know I have never ever seen a
Gate from where I come they are so very rare
But what I saw it made me want to
But I knew that it was in polite to stay
Those are the games
How about that we got a bit for everything man. Yes, we did
I think what we're gonna do is uh be next three years
We'll just play them all starting now from eight to zid
I including the ones we're not supposed to play
But the end of the story our joyous were playing prison bitch at 12 15 this afternoon
45 times in a row 643 votes
And let me sit again. There's not a damn thing wrong with that bit. What's the arudest thing people do?
Cell phone abuse 176
Yeah, using that cell phone very very I'm tired of cell phones, you know
I mean it's nice to have one and if the thing rings you you take it out in the hallway or outside or you know somewhere
And you answer it you uh blah blah blah and you do your thing
But these people are one like in fact a lot of people
I still say that there are people talking to a dial tone to it. Well, there is no dial tone on the cell phone
But just talking to emptiness right because it kind of will impress you
Well, I think I've got the two appointments before three
But I think maybe we can squeeze you away. Yeah, right squeeze this cell phone abuse 176
We're getting really tired of in fact the new Florida law that went into effect last October
So if somebody misuses their cell phone around you and irritate you that's right. There are hazards to your mental health
Cutting in line 1010 that's a 110 just went up again
Especially if it's a supermarket. They love you or or anywhere
Yeah, anywhere there's a line cutting in line while you're standing online
peeing on the toilet seat 96 get you know get a compass in the road map and find that hole
Oops speaking in Spanish 58
farting in public 35 that should be a lot more that is just oh, I mean
I realized some people can't control it
But if you feel the urge coming on and you're like standing online kind of like
I know what I always do. I always kind of like move away from people, you know as far away as possible
That's right and then I'll like you and then of course when people start sensing that there's something in the year like under crab
Newman would say I'll like get that sour look at my face like oh man who cut that you know even the life
You do it right. Oh, that's exactly how you do it. Oh the dog must have done it. Of course. There is no dog with the imaginary dog
Parting in public 35 should be doing much better than that
steaming parking spaces 34 although maybe these people like sniffing other people's parts. I don't know
Possible people who don't return phone calls like Greg read 29 just asked D.Fo ask
Rimmer ask ask anybody the man never had he asked Joel Bell one of the things he first told me our first conversation
I believe it was about how Greg when he was over a kiss Greg never returned his phone calls either just once
I think I've about a hundred he said that jackass didn't say that but you didn't have to
Fallon they're well. He's got to spell right nice going Eric. They flaunt their wealth 29 being loud while people are sleeping
27 I hate this pull 24 driving slow in the left lane 17 being like a human blocking like an impediment
I hate that picking those in public five tailgators for and burping in public
Solomon they still
Only three so I guess maybe the Dutch aren't as rude as I thought they were with it loud belching in a restaurant
Or anywhere they just if the mood strikes in the
Just let it go here's the good news man. Oh god. How low can you go?
W
I wonder if he's sitting on a bench in Del Rey
President Bush's approval rating has slumped to 31% a new USA that they galapol the lowest of his presidency and a warning sign for
Republicans in the November election
The survey of a thousand plus adults taken this past weekend shows Bush is standing down by three points in one week
He's dropping factored then a bowling ball from the top of the Empire State Building
His disapproval rating also reached directed or 65%
65% disapproval rating
God even the guys across the street aren't doing that bad
It's a challenging political environment acknowledges acknowledges Tracy Schmitt
They spoke some of the public and national committee. I guess he knows who's Schmitt
But we're confident that ultimately voters November recognize that a Democrat Congress would simply not be equipped to ensure either economic or national security for our nation
Right could do the great job that his Republican Congress is doing
Bush's fall is being fueled by an erosion among support from conservatives and Republicans in the pool
52% of conservatives and 68% of Republicans have food in the job. He's doing both our record lows among those groups
Model is given approval rating of only 28% liberals only see it they solement they see it they
Ready for that. I'm ready to 7%
Said they you hear people say it's got a hard core that will never desert him
And that's been the case for most administrations as Charles Franklin. I wonder if he's keen to bend or Bonnie political scientists at the university was constantly
Bonnie Franklin on family ties are one of those horrible shows one day to time
Well, oh wasn't that the one with Pat Harrington Jr
That is correct. Who is the janitor? Oh
Later those shows anyway, Charles Franklin studies presidential approval ratings
But for last few months he said we start to see the hard core is seriously eroding in support only the dumbest of the dumb only the densest of the
Dense only the most far-bison of the far-bison are still
Hang in there and the rest are running away from him like he had the leprosy only four presidents have ever scored lower
Pulverin since Gallup began measuring in the mid 40s Harry Truman even howl Harry
Dick Nixon Jimmy Carter and George Herbert Walker Bush when Nixon Carter in the elderbor Senkville or 35%
They never again ready for it to do the vote 40 how do you like that?
Well, they never made that big comeback that the media is already a fox. I'm sure it's got it set up all here comes the big comeback not
Truman twice-hack into the low 30
Members of the 60s, but the third time is ready for a stable low 40% as well. I wonder if that was it must have been after he bond the jabs
Just all along well who knows historically has been pretty devastating to presidents at this level Franklin says
Able to Republican members of Congress are now so worried about their electoral fortunes in November that he has less leverage
With them they normally will with his own party control in Congress in other words they don't want them to do it
And it's like like I said like leprosy. He's like a disease stay away. Please. Don't come anywhere near me
You're unclean don't yeah, I don't want anything to rub off
Oh look at away those phones are we and I don't know if I got time for any of these goofball calls w.d. q.y.m
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
I'm to the godfather through for a question. Can you answer it? I won't give it a shot. Okay
Michael just learned his his father was shot and he walked into the house and he walked into the room
Clemenda sitting there with another lady who is another lady
Clemenda was sooner with the lady
Yeah, remember when he just got to the house and he chased Clemenda's hand and sorry
There was a lady sitting right next to Clemenda. He also shook her hand. What's she playing that movie? What?
You know what he's talking about George no idea maybe somebody will know some of the
much smarter than we were calling
Clemenza is sitting with a lady I know Clemenza said we have to go
Take the girl and I said that
Then in fact, you know who else he said that to you thought that was only with Polly
Which which scene is he talking about after the Don gets shot a Michael walks into her home
And he says Clemenza is sitting there with some lady yeah, he shakes hands with lady and Clemenza shakes her hand
And then anybody be able to move out of his this Clemenza I mean who the hell does
Yeah, that's probably done got shot wasn't everybody all rallying
Everybody was there man that made a respect that I must have been a Mrs. Clemenza
Which I don't think we saw her more I don't know if we saw it all to be honest really
Because let's face it when you marry to a big tub like that you got to like probably she's probably squashed like a nap
Who was he getting the canola's for because I thought it was her it was for her
But did we see her oh, yeah, that's right. She was standing in the door at last and she said
Don't forget the canola is yeah as he's going off to the macros every go we can compare it see if these
We're going to never go out to find a place to hide with the macros is right remember that uh-huh
And that's why they took Polly along you know and they stood out they hate oh I gotta take a leak you know
Oh, can't you gotta take a choice leak
That's right. We can't say leak anymore. Right. And then of course
He gets out of the car to go take the leak and meanwhile in the car. Oh Polly wants to eat him no more. That's you in the toilet
That's through and he sold off the old man
Well, oh, it's just I'm sorry, but the acting by everybody in the movie was so the everybody could have gotten the noscow in that movie everybody right
Even car first one in the original one just phenomenal James con
Robert Duval and I don't know the actors have played somebody like Jack Waltsk
Right, right they were all frankly pentangely
Michael Croyley only did this and Michael Croyley only does yeah sure whatever you want that that that's
So beautifully, you know and meanwhile his brother would have read beret is standing in the back
Had a little red ball at it. Yeah a little red ball
And the one that Joyce usually had in her mouth. It's 11th 13th
We're gonna go into the mattresses once again
Everybody's feeling the pinch of the gas pump the good folks at dial amatris 1 800 mattress want to help you through this
Little bit a little bit as much as they can dial amatris is offering you a free tanky gas and his out works
You simply take the full amount of any gas receipt off your next mattress purchase up to 10% of the purchase
Spend 35 bucks at the gas pump then take 35 bucks off any purchase of 350 bucks or more
Spend 50 at the pump and take 50 bucks off any purchase a 500 bucks or more. You'll need your gas receipt to save this money
Why drive all over town wasting that expensive gas skip those mall and furniture stores and so-called
Jansson and mattress business because I know and you should know too for the best deal on your new mattress
Just make the one easy call sit there on your fat ugly ass call 1 800 mattress right now and save a lot of money
And a lot of time and grief as always you choose to date and time for delivery within to our wonder that you
Pick seven days a week from 80 m to 10 p.m. When it's convenient for you and they show up on time when you call our good friends at dial amatris
1 800 mattress you choose from the area's largest inventory of brand-day mattress is including
Cele and Sutta and King Coral and Simmons and Tempority and Stearns and Costa hewitt he can do it call
1 800 mattress right now around the wicked web log on to mattress dot com call
1 800 MATTR ES from the smartest pieces shopping you'll ever do leave off the last as because it stands for
Stupendous sensational saving
She fakes orgasms I fake for a play
Oh
1118 a QM they just had a great story on CNN and certainly not see news network about Latin talk hosts
Kind of the running campaign named your baby after Lou dobs really oh, yeah, they hit him like poison man
Oh, you're the illegals that is well, these are I don't know if these are illegals on a year although of course in this place
Probably have a lot of illegals working on the phone if they're illegal or supportive
I came up with my
Formac was in a talk about the guys, commenting
This is an effective next to Virginia. That's when the Marlon's grandmother dancing with the Connie
Now it's going
Paulie
Right
Oh, wait a minute says Elmer says I believe lady the caller was talking about and Godfather with time Higgins wife
Oh, yeah, we didn't see a lot of her. I think Elmer may have it. Oh, you know something no in Godfather
Three which they wouldn't pay Robert Duval enough money so he wouldn't go in it
Remember in the opening scene there Tom Higgins. Yeah, I was in there. She's there Michael somebody introduces her
I guess Michael as you remember Higgins was taken by Celuxo at that time and that's why Clemens was consoling her hope to self-stay
Selmer you demand
You to lavish fill it
Here we go
Lock solid not doing it
Maybe already passed
We passed it apart from Marlon as a dance with time
See I don't really care about the music I just would like to have some of the food and mom of probably only
Oh
I'm waiting to see the wedding cake. Oh, it's
I'm going to say oh
He held his hands almost is a high in wider part as Sonny's wife was doing there when she was
Describe and something there. I'm sure she was talking about the size of the wedding key
What's the rudest thing people do?
694 vote cell phone reviews 185 put those phones away. Okay, shut them off
Return your calls later on when you're in private get out get them out of my face. I'm not impressed cutting in line 114
Peeing on the toilet seat 100
Speaking in Spanish 80 65. What about speaking in Spanish while you're peeing on the toilet seat and talking on
Huh in Spanish on the cell phone. Oh, that would really frost my fat ass
Far again public 35 a steaming parking spaces 35 and of course in Florida
And you know, this is no joke if you're a visitor Florida
Don't be messing with anybody over parking spot because it's very very common
That people do shoot each other. That's something they take very seriously. How's it this to your health?
You can steal their wallet steal their kids whatever, but don't steal their parking a parking spot
They get really peeled people are we turn phone calls like Greg Reed 31 people who flaunt their wealth has got
People like Donald Trump
Like Greg Reed he belongs and I went to you know with the a Brooks brother suit and you know
That crappy haircut. I was kind of negative anything else that kind of Luis Miguel Faggy haircut
I hate this pull 29 being allowed while people are sleeping 28 make a lot of noise like crank it up to stereo while everybody in the hood is trying to catch a little
Shut-eye driving slow in the left lane 26 tailgators only seven picking your nose in public only six and burping in public
It's still we got three we got 695. I think we definitely got a shot what we need to get about 800 and some odd by noon 800 odd
I was thinking though the new format we could just do with Godfather radio
All right, and I know there's that Godfather tribute book. I do believe I have it somewhere and at home. I'm sure I got it
I think there's one in here though. Is there let sure I do believe you know I'll Martino
This
I
You
Know who I am I'm both
We I made my boat when you're going on
This thing boy, I get this point around flavor missing first off the region to do whatever it is
That's bad
I
Would you say that that's the most famous line from the wind we're gonna make an offering can't refuse probably the mother most used in the
Co no, I'll tell you thanks to your
Which I've never watched it and even a book of Ryan's send me the whole first season on video
I still have a Washington won't watch it, but the most stolen and quoted line is
Right I'm not saying that they invented the word the expression but a being but I mean you know, right?
It's it's big it's out there. It's huge man, but I mean in fact there's even
The T side marios is there and there's East Side Mario is there right here? Yeah, I don't know in fact
There was wondered by the saw rest, but I believe they were long gone, but yeah
There's East Side Mario and in their TV spots
They had the whole theme of it is about a being better boom the real greasy kind of grito guy
But a being better boom me side Mario. Hey, you've seen that I'm sure you don't like my godfather format. Let's do it
I love it. He talked about
What's this?
We've got to be doing niche programming here on this radio day. I can't believe it
I just changed the I just changed the cut on there and it played the same one again. Oh there we go
Have you ever had that happen before on a CD deck all the time? Have you just that's what kind of freaks me out?
So what I'm gonna do is maybe not I don't know maybe today
I'm gonna go out and get godfather to and godfather three and godfather one and a two and a lower suboct version and all of them all the
all the
Things soundtracks all the versions all the versions of the soundtrack so there you go. That was Tom Higgins wife
They that's right. That's easy, but I don't know because that's not really the scene because that was when Tom Higgins was taken by
Salotto and maybe he was our Christmas shopping. Yeah, it's
But I mean that's how we said we hit him right after yeah, and that's right. That's after they hit the old man after we got sold
Off by Paul he had created was sitting there again
What is heading his hands, you know, just like Michael said I want my brother coming out of the
Tourlette with just his head in his hand. I know that was the sonny said that and my he's sitting there on the career
And they're consoling Tom Higgins wife because of the fact that they got Tom right maybe I could help you're out Tom
Robert Duval so good so great. There's an unsung hero man. He's one of my heroes
I thought they were way too hard on him in that movie pop hat jacko look what I
Very schmaltzy man 26 past 11 and five today by out there hasn't seen the godfather
I know I do what we're talking about maybe don't inspire you to get with it
I'll ran see the name godfather quick quick being so out of touch with talk about me being out of touch
Let me say again if you haven't seen the godfather you can't even you can't be a real man even if you're a woman
You haven't seen movies. That's why I would tell Donna Shalaley and Joyce so you can't be a real man if you haven't seen the godfather
What's the worst thing you ever did growing up the drove your mom crazy?
Maybe picking my nose and sticking on the back of the bedboard you ever do that on the headboard?
No on the back of the headboard oh behind it. Yeah, right. I'm sure yeah
Come on. Yeah, you guys are so full of it
Any of my favorite you asked him man. What about you? You never did that?
Sure, maybe you didn't have a headboard on your bed. I tried to wipe it under the bed if I can't oh
Well, I guess that's one good way to scare away the boogie man
Yeah, he won't be hanging out there very long. You think it's the boogie man out there, but it's not
Hey, want to make up for it by come on?
Can I do the spot please we got spots up the ass? Okay, I don't have time for you diddling around just to try to like you know
Be a little smart ass want to make up for it this mother's day
Let it know that you turned out okay and send an original Vermont teddy bear
So receive a beautiful little bear made in Vermont delivered a home or work with a free card and gourmet crumbles in a colorful gift box
And you can only get them by calling me friendly bear counselor at 1-800-829 bear or
Shopping online in Vermont teddy bear.com. They'll help you pick out a bear just for your mom or wife like the nurse the teacher bear the
Businesswoman or gardening bear social know you put some real thought to your gift for a change
They even have a fun new bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be
What is that? Huh? What was that?
Boogie bit. Oh the boogie man. That's so that movie that like was it. It was okay
But the ending was horrible with what's his name again? I forgot come on from a 7th heaven. It will hurt not
Amel herge. Oh come on. That's a little pansy like Amel herge. I don't know the southern type of guy
Yeah, you do I know his name. Hey check out the new all-American mom dressed in a patriotic sundress and holding an apple pie and
Froggy mama's boys out there you'd better send the mama's boy bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo on his arm and dads
Don't forget as it is every year
It's your job to get the wife to give from the kids and the mother in cup said is perfect and as many cups
You need and they'll embroider your kids names on the outfits or tell your wife to think she's still a hottie
She's still smoking likely story and send her the yummy mummy bear dressed in lingerie
sending her from Montana bear is so much more personal and fun than flowers and Vermont teddy bears are guaranteed for life
Unlike those flowers which wilt and they fade and they die and that's it in no time at all
You can even deliver her bear to the office which you can brag about you to work over because it works like magic every time
overnight delivered a home or work is guaranteed to so call
1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com send a creative
Hope you'll get alternative to flowers from other days this year call 1-800-829 bear
That's 1-800-829 BER until that old Neil and I do mean old and I'm gonna land that part emphasize it old Neil
Full ofочки
16 QAF.
We're hopping in the time machine.
Won't you come on and came?
We're the golden vector on WQAF right now.
Last night you dug a booger out from your old crusty nose.
Oh, right.
You rode it between your fingers and that's when things get gross.
And I recall how hard you'd plunge it down the hole.
You bounced off of the table and splattered on the wall.
Then you went through your nostrils and you found some things in there.
Like that pair of platex gloves that I bought you the way.
And it was so disgusting what went on from there.
And I just sitting on just picking your nose.
I was picking your nose.
I was picking your nose.
Well, I told you the least a hundred times that's gross.
Well, you just never listened, girl.
You keep right on picking.
And I'll tell you once again, click the pick in your nose.
Slim pickens, baby.
26 still noted, 560 WQA.
And we got the bulk camper man at two, man dog four to six through.
And then the marlins and the braves, any interest at all,
even a little on the NNDK after the marlins try to break that 10 game home losing streak,
the 8 and 20 and Florida marlins who want you to build a mis stadium,
who want your money, who want to reach into your pocket and get you to build a mis stadium.
We won it.
Well, I got, you know,
let me just get into some of this stuff because they see every time I don't want to take any calls,
all of a sudden they start calling, we haven't had our usual idiots today yet.
We will though.
Dominic QYM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
About the Godfather, there's a version that's,
it's like an extended version where they have like, added scenes.
Yeah.
Okay.
And like for example, I have to have a scene where remember when I'm alone here,
I'm going to wake up alone up.
Right.
And they all have Michael lying on bed and saying, you know, where's that alone here?
Where can you get, what version with that B?
Because they're not adding on the regular Godfather, like DVDs.
What do you mean?
You got to get the trilogy, which is the whole thing.
Yeah, it comes with three different movies.
But there's a version that's only been put on cable TV.
Like I saw it once on USA where they would have like, like, a, like, all of them.
Yeah, but I bet you, now I'm not really sure, but I bet you with all these DVDs,
with added teachers and added scenes that they got now, I guarantee you that there's a trilogy that's got all the,
all the extended scenes that were in the original.
Here in T.
Right.
They have like, for example, that one.
And they also have like, another scene where they actually show one of his bodyguards.
The ones that were taken care of him in Italy.
Right.
They kill him and they blow up his car and all that, which you don't see.
Right.
You see, oh yeah, from parallel locking and it's you.
Exactly.
Thanks a lot to you.
Okay, pal.
As far as I know, the DVD sets that you buy down have all the added,
just like that apocalypse now that I spent torch in the scene, you, right?
And then the one about the last year is going to say we're actually,
like, last year on a certain felt like.
You know, I said one thing about Michael Pitt.
He's got the ugliest nipples of any man I've ever seen in my life.
Yeah, well, you will notice.
Not that I mentioned it when you're watching the game.
What I watch it again, right?
Yeah.
You know, I don't think it was a good idea.
You watch it again.
It's time to put the gun in and do an enrucune enemy.
You know, that's what I meant.
Probably wasn't a good idea to buy it.
I think it encourages them to make more movies like that if they actually make some money.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think you're going to make too much off that one.
I don't think you're going to be so untidy anymore.
Hey, who knows?
Your $20 might have been the one that put it over the top.
I might have put it right over the top.
It's so bopminable, right?
But we don't know.
Good to luchi, man.
Hey, did you notice?
I can't even tell you who the character is right.
I mean, the one guy's name was Donovan.
I know that.
Yeah.
And Blake.
What?
Kurt was Blake.
No, no, I'm not talking about that.
But I'm talking about these other people that can like the older guy, the chubby guy that kept coming to the house.
Yeah, he was the private investigator.
Right.
But I don't know what his name was.
But anyway, he's in the car with Donovan and Herbert the other guy.
And all the scenes when they're driving in the car,
you'll notice the sun is reflecting off the windshield so it can very make a...
See, that's part of the...
This is like...
Hey, that's part of the...
Sudo-archalism-addicts.
That's right.
Peak.
I mean, yeah, R.P.
Party, man.
You see that?
Yeah, the scene to the car with her.
Oh, bruh.
Anybody out there if you watched last days, it should be your last days.
Okay, because that is the worst piece of garbage, man.
Even Kurt Cobain wouldn't watch it.
Even now.
Howard Stern says he's been offered a major deal to come back to regular radio via satellite radio,
just like his longtime enemies, Opian Anthony.
I guess he's getting tired to talk into a very select small audience.
You know, we're not too happy about it.
The joke could be on them if I get good and worked...
Good and worked up because I thought he just made it if I get good.
If I get good and worked up because I got offered a major deal to go back to terrestrial
and stay on satellite at the same time, Stern told his serious listeners and comments replayed
and mocked yesterday by Opian Anthony.
Can you imagine if I go across town against them and all those markets just kick some ass?
That would really be cool, said Stern in our broadcast about a tenth of his former audience.
It doesn't say ass, it says Abe Blankett in New York Post, come on man, you're in New York for Christ's sakes.
God!
If an offer was actually made this year, the most likely came from Citadel Broadcasting,
which is in the process of acquiring Disney's ABC radio division, including WABC in New York, WPLJ and WEPN,
and is headed by former Infinity CBS executive Ferrene Suimann.
Once Suimann gets the keys to ABC's out, let's see if could instantly return Stern in the major FM stations in New York,
L.A. Chicago and other huge cities. If Sirius, which is paying 500 million over five years for Stern's supposedly exclusive services,
agrees to trade exclusivity for cash.
During a recent investor conference call, CEO Mel Carmison said he's not entertaining we've versed licensing offers,
but at it does mean we couldn't do it in the future.
Either Stern's agent or Suimann, return calls, seek in comment.
Man, an ego that is just, oh, you know something I'm sorry.
He may be the funniest person on the face of their, which he's not.
You know, maybe 20 years ago he was, you know, but it's just I can't, I just can't deal with people with big egos.
You know, man, when you're making that, why do you need to have ego when you're making that kind of money?
You know what I'm saying? Why don't you need the ego? Well, what's the point?
I don't get it. God, I just don't understand it, man.
Of course, when you work in this market and especially on this station, you can't have any ego.
I've told you that for 30 years now.
Or it's helped us get it, man.
And it's true, any ego.
Oh.
Wow.
What a funky organ, man.
That's a piece of church music.
One of the organists is a Matt Damon's friend from that movie that I sent.
What the hell was the name of that movie? The tale that Mr. Ripley. Remember?
Uh-huh.
And he met that guy in Venice that liked to play the organ.
It's 1140, 20 till noon at 560 WDQ. And then of course, they were out there and had both the boat of him and he came to a bitter end, his friend.
And what was her name? What was her name, the actress that real meas one?
Quattro?
No, no, no. He's the one that kept chasing after him. The real horny desperate, desperate bitch.
Oh, geez. I'm going to have to look it up.
Oh, come on.
Can't even think of her. Can't even think of her.
Ah!
Real meas, man. She was all over him like stink on Greg.
Anyway, look it up. Look it up.
If you're, uh, looking, you're going to be embarrassed when you look it up and you see who it was.
I'm sure I'm already embarrassed.
She is so meas, man. In fact, if you look up meas, kite in the dictionary, you see Ben Franklin saying go fly one.
Kate Blanchett.
Uh, no. Is that who it is?
Well, it was either her or what it's called.
Yeah, it's Kate Blanchett or Philip Seymour Hoppin. I doubt it was her.
No, it wasn't her. That was Freddie. He was so cool in that movie, man.
Freddie Blanchett. Freddie Miles.
You like the way you hopped out of that little car in the, uh,
Piazza Dollar Republic, where would he hold another?
There was in, uh, that was in Piazza, this fine, I believe, and by the Spanish steps.
I don't know where the hell was.
See, that was trying to show. It was by American Express there by the Spanish steps.
That's where I had to go get my American Express card replaced after the gypsy, still my credit cards.
Hey, if you're a cigar smoker, I'd like to hit back with a good premium brand.
And but he is a guy as Vittoni Rohani is for you.
He's hard to find cigars. I made with the first grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years.
But he has a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch, uh, small batches hard to find tobacco.
But he had gold. The flagship line gets a 91 rating by Cigar 15 out of Cigar Insider and 9.1 by Schmoke Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced, full-bodied Nicaragua Gwinsi Gar as earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate.
That's chocolate, spice and pepper flavors.
Also, try to be here to say, oh, the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months gets a high rating of 91 by Cigar 15 out of Cigar Insider.
A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper.
The finish is long and full-bodied with additional spice and a note of charred wood.
For a South Florida tobacconess near you, log on to vahiacigars.com or call 1-800-35 by Hea.
That's 1-800-35BAHI.
A.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16QA.
Let me tell you something, my crud, Nick Friend.
You have all the oil they need to keep the gas lowland.
Nothing more than torque or decrease. No one's in control.
That's a ridiculous car.
Also, we think it's a jet.
Now these guys are scared or screwing you on.
That's a pretty safe space.
Pass up the space.
Like a discovery.
It's higher than time.
Safe space.
Pass up the space.
There they can drop it.
High and bottom high.
Open world, open little glass.
The fairy can drag you in.
No balls to shake, you push your science.
It's over with having you.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Wait a minute.
What kind of 좋아 you've been this fast?
I've been this fast.
You've been two hours late.
Why were we at his store in New Jersey?
I don't know.
was his biggest in apartment building.
But, you know, he was, and he's,
I've seen him do that many times before too,
as I have it, I do not.
Oh, how are those?
Let me, let me try about a dollar.
So, how's this?
Let me see, how's that?
Just what's a sample?
Yeah, he just reached you over and eating like half
whatever you got there, whatever you got.
So, yeah, I don't know how you want to phrase that,
if you want to put that out in there.
We'll leave it up to Josh.
Oh, we'll leave it up to Josh.
On his birthday, you're going to put the onus on him.
The onus on his bonus.
Right.
You want to put that out or not?
It's up to Josh.
Yeah, sure.
People who steal food off of him,
you just wait, see how many stories I've seen him
for the modern, because I don't like that
to slacken off business, you know.
Nine stories.
That was my bad.
That was an oversight.
I thought I'd send a lot more,
and I probably did.
See, I have no way of going back and, you know.
Yeah, I know it'd be hard to look in the sense of it.
Well, why?
He doesn't do it that way.
He doesn't use a real email client.
He uses the Alexa bar.
Yeah, oh, yeah, so much faster.
You couldn't name it like lightning.
In fact, you know something, I could probably say
200 for tomorrow and wouldn't even take
like more than 10 minutes.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, you'd be amazed.
I would say that.
He has hot those babies out.
Now, see, actually, what it is,
I've probably sent about 20,
and after he did the first,
oh, I don't think he didn't know this morning anyway.
But after the first nine,
he was in such a state of stupor
from celebrating his birthday.
I understand that.
I haven't celebrated yet.
Oh, tonight's the big night,
so the night's an evening,
it's sloshed again.
I'm gonna go to the melting pot,
have a nice dinner, and I'm gonna go get sloshed.
I'm gonna go get sloshed, right?
We can start there.
They have nice martinis there.
Oh, yeah.
I have so looted chocolate martinis.
764 votes.
I wanna see real close to 800 by the top of the hour
by noon to give me a little feeling
that we got a shot of a thousand.
If we get a thousand today,
we will not put Lady Martez on
from 10 to 2 the rest of the week.
But if we don't,
I don't wanna like to threaten them,
anything like that,
but it could be pretty hairy.
70 QYM, hello.
70 QYM, hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
That guy was calling earlier.
The box set has everything.
Right.
The three, the whole three movies,
all the extras, all the BS.
You were, I got it right when it came out.
Absolutely.
So, he wants everything.
That's the place to go get the box.
And you're talking about VHS,
so this guy probably don't even have a job.
VHS.
VHS.
Yes, you're right.
Yeah, what's that?
I'm exactly.
All right, sir.
I appreciate the beta version myself.
Thank you.
Yes, we do.
Which is right.
Right, see you.
We've been there.
Anybody who says the way to there,
Chino is either somebody like very King,
who's a Jew trying to be an Italian or a Guido.
Erisat Zipaliano.
Oh, this is not the Islamandalina again.
It's strong.
So, that thing we played the opad Vrino is not the Anthony.
Yep, it's the shame for Anthony.
You know, I wouldn't get really pissed off at myself
because I'm getting sidetracked with his Godfather.
That's your fault.
Somebody's like, president Bush says his best moment
is president was the time he caught a seven-pound large mouth
mass.
Do you see this story?
Yeah.
This is so typical of an idiot, you know?
This is what we're dealing with.
That's right.
It's all up.
Yeah, frankly, I would say that probably was his biggest accomplishment.
Other than all the people that he caused to be butchered and died
and wounded and life destroyed.
During his more than five years in Orifice,
Bush has traveled to the world's most impressive cities
met with world leaders and entertained celebrities.
But when the German newspaper Bill, the estimate name
is best and worst moments of president, Bush gave an offbeat answer
about the best moment while giving a more predictable response
about his worst.
The most awful moment was 9-11.
He said, adding that it took time to understand the depth of the terrorist attacks
on the US, especially when I was sitting there in that classroom in Sarasota
reading my pet goat and looking like a deer lost in the headlights.
I would say the toughest moment of all was after the whole reality
sunk in.
I was trying to help the nation understand what was going on, the nation.
And at the same time, the empathetic for those who had lost lives.
I think he could have left the EM off empathetic.
Bush admitted it was not easy to pick a best moment because it had a lot of great moments.
Oh, I would say the best moment was when I caught a 7-pound large mouth vast on my lake,
he eventually said.
He appeared to be joking about the cancer, especially since the 7-plus
pounder wouldn't wow any anger in the loan star state.
A large mouth vast has to be more than 15 pounds to crack the top 50 biggest
cancers according to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department.
But his answer was a wapper for political observers who watched his administration stumble
over the past year with the war in Iraq, Hurricane Katrina, a CIA league probe,
and the Dubai Port Steel all of which had dragged his approval rating down there to 31 today.
31, Trent the Uno.
It was also reminiscent of a 2004 press conference when Bush was asked to name his biggest
mistake he couldn't come up with any.
At least this is Valon said Larry Sabato of University of Virginia Center for Pounders.
He can't think of his worst mistakes or his best moments.
Maybe that's how he survived.
Oh beauty.
He also said I doubt his wife will be pleased if he wasn't going to name some official moment.
At least he could have done his name some moment with Laura.
Oh we don't want to hear about those, especially the ones with the cucumber.
Bush also said Sunday he gained a glimpse in a German chancellor Angela Merkel's soul
when he watched him last week.
He told Germany's art television and Merkel are described for youth and coming this
East Germany at a White House dinner Wednesday.
She talked about her dad was a pastor and she talked about the different pioneer
clubs and schools.
It also gave me a chance to get a glimpse into her soul.
Oh soul, soul as in David's soul.
And don't you dare play that damn thing.
How about Jimmy's soul?
If you want to be happy, remember that time.
But you don't have that.
Forget about David's soul.
How about Jimmy's soul?
If you want to be happy for the rest of your life, will you be your wife?
Oh no.
I can't believe it.
I love this man.
He's a mega-familie.
I have a idea what you're going to do.
I couldn't even come close to him.
Let's be free.
Oh, old people are just those people.
Huh?
Oh right.
Okay that's not.
Jimmy's soul baby.
That is his name.
That is who it is.
Yes.
Jimmy's soul.
Just to let you know the game.
I guess who without Burton Cummings?
Well, I guess who without Burton Cummings is like the Rolling Stones without Mick Jagger.
Right?
I mean what's the game?
Oh, you don't get my soul in.
I say let's you the big hole in David's soul.
I was probably already got one.
Get him out of there.
Get him off my chewamond.
Get him off my chew.
We're going to deport your ass.
The guess who without Burton Cummings will be appearing at the third annual Metro Dade City Parks.
Love in Sunday, May 21st.
Well, isn't that.
That is some sensational news.
Not.
I got 10 of the players to be there.
I think there isn't anybody in this audience ever played a slot machine next to Burton Cummings for a very long period of time.
Well, he and his lady, a friend or daughter, whoever she was.
We're winning and winning and he was acting like a real jerk.
You know, you know, it's just as well that I didn't know who it was when he was sitting there.
I had an inkling, but I had that.
I hadn't seen him in a very long time.
Boy, he's got the big pot belly now and he looks about 100.
Which he probably is.
Old fart like me.
Great voice, though, man.
Great music.
He can't knock into music, but I just don't want to know him, you know.
Never been this good.
That's quiet.
Yeah, really is very low.
Never knew who he means ever.
Just absolutely great.
And you see this thing about meeting the celebrities, boy.
You're right.
What it's cracked up to be like the time that Guy Brothers wife to meet me at the dolphin game.
I just said they're like a lump while he thought I was going to get up and start screaming
and dance around to it because I was asking.
What did you dance?
A jig.
I don't know.
To dance to this.
I just want to find out if she was an American woman.
Well, she was working fine to do my sheet.
Well, nice, you know, I'm a little.
A meal.
Something that would buy my snout.
I was like, you're a meal with that different story.
They'll be able to make it.
I still, you know, there's some things that you just a little bit lingering in your mind.
I just keep thinking about what is that more.
I see.
I know what my favorite possibly my favorite guest is.
For the target shoes, you know.
I don't want to choose.
I like Starly.
Don't make me choose.
I don't have that.
I got it.
I love Starly.
I'm so excited for you on my way to the end.
Good Canadian boys to be a shoelace.
I'm so happy to be here.
So like I said, he was exactly what you'd expect him to be.
Some luck went from my, I don't know, Alberta or somewhere.
Real, yay, who looking guy.
But great music.
Oh, your taste in music is terrible.
And you're like, okay, what do you say?
Idiots.
1157 at 560 WDQ AM.
If you love voting, you go out and spend a fortune by you, a vote.
And then boy, that's just the beginning of all the headaches.
But here's the deal.
Do something really smart if you want to have the fun of voting.
And that is called Club Rotico at 1-800-Bot Rent right now.
Why pay all those expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
Join the club Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bot Rent.
You'll be just amazed at how easy it is for you.
They take all the grief and all the headache out of enjoying the voting in South Florida.
No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, no hurricane preparation.
And when you have a vote from Club Notico, it's totally stress-free and truly affordable to call 1-800-Bot Rent.
You don't have to worry about getting the vote ready.
Just like they were doing there in the speaking of that Math Damon movie.
What tells the movie?
Tell us as quickly.
They got the vote ready and then the vote went out there and well,
due law didn't come back.
No getting the vote ready, Club Notico does it for you.
No cleaning up either.
They also take care of that.
All of these things.
All of these things.
At Club Notico, just hop on your vote.
Go have a sensational time when you're done.
Pull into the dock. Get off and run away.
And they'll take care of all the rest. It's that simple.
Club Notico, 1-800-Bot Rent from unlimited voting.
The pay as you go to small boats all the way up to Yacht Charters.
Club Notico are the people you want to be talking to.
Call 1-800-Bot Rent and let Club Notico Taylor or Planet Fit where you need in your budget to.
Get on the water today this smart way.
The inexpensively hassle-free way by calling Tool Free 1-800-Bot Rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-M.
Hello, everybody.
And this portion of the Neil Rogers of your 12-1 hour is brought to you by the Let It 12.
One group of 5-6-8-9-11-12.
It's a lices of pizza.
All for me.
Here, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top
top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top
top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top
top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top
top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top
top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top
top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top, top
top note, Kate, Kate, Kate, she doesn't need to juggle any of this while she is playing
married. But the Delray Beach mother of two has learned this claim as one of the central
premises of the D'avinci code, the controversial theory of Opens and Theaters May 19. My
suggestion to Priscilla is don't go and see it.
Right.
The film is based on the best-selling novel by Dan Brown. The book which has published in
2003 has sold more than 40 million copies, wow, what a whopping number. Many Christians
dispute its assertions about the history documents and ancient rituals of Christianity. Among
the claims, Jesus and Mary Magdalene had a daughter, whose descendants began a world
of bloodline in France. So I guess their first child wasn't necessarily a masculine
child, although it might have been. Maybe she was kind of the Lynn Cheney's daughter.
These are great masses out there who think it's factual, Grace said, or there are. I can't
even speak about it without shaking, she said.
That's what I was going to say.
She ought to get together with my Lutheran neighbor across the street, another Getchke.
Grace 51 hasn't read the book because she considers it a waste of time, but she's
something organized a group of Catholics who'll march in front of movie theaters in
Bokers, El Rey Beach and Boiton Beach, the weekend in the movie opens. They're going
to be marching.
I'm going to have to go see it a lot now, I guess.
Catholics are not the only Christians to criticize the film, but this members of the
assemblies of God and churches of Christ and non-denominational Christians are hosting
seminars and using their pulpits to derive the film directed by Ron Howard and starring
in the Unchist Tom Hanks, who says life is like a box of chocolates. In fact, they had
to redo that movie because Ray Niggand and Leicaway said chocolates, so they had to redo
it, so he said life is like a box of chocolates.
What has most pastures up in arms as people who are not only interested in Christianity
will bind, what is the truth of the Reverend Craig Yance of Palm's West Community Church
and West Palm Beach, Craig Yance, who puts more bounce to the ounce?
The novel begins with a murder of a curator at the Louvre Museum in Paris. The curator's
granddaughter and a Harvard University professor team up to solve clues that the curator left
behind.
Their sleepless trek takes them from France to England to Scotland as they seek the
Holy Grail which they believe is the cup that caught Jesus' blood on the cross. Oh,
that's straight from that cup.
But they had lies that aims would say my cup run it over. I think Ray Whitney once said
that too.
But they later come to believe the Holy Grail is a human being, along the way the professor
explains facts about early Christianity that he believes were manipulated and misconstrued
in later centuries.
I wonder if Aaron Gavier said that.
The Jesus Mary Magdalene coupling is one of several allocations in the book that outraged
Christians.
The book also claims the emperor Constantine invented Jesus' divinity and early Christians
participated in goddess worship ceremonies. Oh my God, what a bunch of gaskies.
What you find in the book is not reflective of historical documents at Mount senior Francis
Menace Scalchol of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishop Menace Scalchol. I just like
saying it.
There is no evidence that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene or that they wanted her
to leave the church.
And there's also no evidence that he wasn't married to Mary Magdalene and wanted her
to leave the church.
There's no evidence that Jesus was anything, period.
To be sure to discuss it about the film Sony Pictures Entertainment launched a website,
thedivinitychallenge.com where scholars offered their perspectives.
Ain't that sweet?
Not every Christian scholar is playing the protest and it goes on with a list of some
who ain't protesting.
Congress against the Palm Beach Baptist Church and like worth of being encouraged to read
the book and see the movie.
Two Christian scholars were disgusted.
I mean, talk about wasting time on Kakka, man.
Kakka.
What are you about?
How many goofballs can dance on the head of a pin?
It's just Kakka.
20.
The answer is 20.
No, I think the answer is 30, man.
How do you like that?
Frank says, one of the rudest to me is what I refer to as lunch stalkers.
People that look for you and they know you're probably having lunch to see what you're
eating and they ask you 20 questions about what you're eating.
That's why I eat my lunch quickly and run like a set of a bits to my car.
Lock the doors, park under a tree and put on the meal, ride your show.
Nice go on, Frank.
Excellent choice.
Oh, right.
I wish I had Frank's problem.
Now I don't, I never heard of a lunch stalker before.
I mean, people like if you're having something for lunch and someone is about to order
and it looks interesting what you're having, they ask you about it like, hey, is that good
or is it crap?
Really?
Yeah.
And you say, well, it's good or it's bad.
And do you want to say, can I taste a little bit to see if I want to order that?
No, they don't think that.
They take their fork and kind of like get up and reach over the next table and just stab
like a piece of veal or something.
I mean, it's not going to hurt the baby cow's already dead.
So, you know, we can't do any more pain to the baby cow.
That's what Vio Roger says.
Is it a proof that they tenderize the veal while the cow is still alive?
I don't know.
I hope so.
Just to piss off the Vio lady.
860, I wonder if the veal makes a real squeal.
That didn't squeal at any of the veal.
Oh, what a veal.
It says, neal.
860 in votes on the pool.
We better get this pool and go.
I mean, if we are dead 900 by the top of the 11 o'clock hour, I'm going to start having
green apple quicks to have right in this very nice office chair I'm sitting in.
I wonder how long this chair is going to last.
I mean, you know, these kind of chairs that you put together, they have a habit of like
falling apart.
Yeah.
Did that one there ever fall apart?
We have to tighten it periodically.
Oh, this one's also got the same thing you can tighten it.
It's got a screw loose like Bob Vermuth.
I got to ever happen with him.
Is he still alive?
Yeah.
Never had taken the time he made such a jackass out of himself in Amsterdam.
I guess I've put it that many times.
Let me tell you again.
Yeah.
In every respect, the time that Peter and your land that took us to dinner with some
Indonesian restaurant.
Oh, what a jerk.
What's the rudest thing people do?
I've said it was the rudest things they do is come to Amsterdam to build a studio and
then before they get a completed in the working condition, they get on a plane and go
back to Miami.
That was pretty rude.
That was rude and crude.
He's just not the kind of guy I want to be involved with in Amsterdam.
Bob Vermuth, you know, in fact, just last night at Woodbine, I saw a guy that wouldn't
be mind being involved with in Amsterdam or even here.
What's the rudest thing people do?
Cell phone abuse 206, cutting in line, 124.
King on the toilet seat, 106.
Oh, God.
107.
See, that just as I said, another one.
Another drop hit the seat.
Speaking of Spaniard, you're old 92 and of course we're not talking about it in your house
with your family.
Talk about it.
Talk it in the Sanskrit for all week here.
What do we care?
But we're talking about it in public.
When you're out there in English speaking places like America, don't know a peek at
it, Pony.
Okay, in front of other people.
Because we always assume you're talking about us and of course you usually are.
You know, I saw some people signing in sideline with you and I went over there and said,
hey, talk out loud.
Yeah, we want to know what they're saying.
Speaking of light, yeah, but these are people who of course can speak English but can't
do it unless the only one is convenient, you know, only when they're listening to what
you're saying about them.
They may understand very very about the American word, free country.
Driving slow in the left lane for no, it's also free to be offended by that and to be
pissed off.
They're free to do whatever the hell they want.
Free to be an ass.
That's correct.
Driving slow in the left lane, speaking of being an ass 41.
Farding in public only 40.
I don't know why you people aren't like, I guess it doesn't bother you.
Maybe you enjoy it.
Maybe they haven't had the pleasure.
Oh, come on.
Is there anybody in love?
Maybe they're in love.
Come on who's never been in a store and an elevator where somebody cuts some bad, bad,
bad.
Mal-Outerous cheese.
Get out of here, man.
Never had the pleasure.
My ass.
I believe they don't want to.
Farding in public 40.
I'm still parking spaces 39.
Being loud while people are sleeping 35 or trying to sleep, anyway.
Flawnt their well 35.
I hate this full 34.
People who don't return phone calls 33.
Greg.
Tailgators 18.
Picking your nose in public 10.
Burping in public still has only three.
The whole show has had those same three who are offended by the loud bell.
And Stephen Foodhouse someone's plate.
Just put it on here.
Somebody got one out of 821.
I think we'll make that thousand today.
Confidence is I would say, men's amends.
So-so.
Middlin.
It's Middlin.
Whatever the hell Middlin is.
I think probably the Banjo boy group, you're just playing Middlin too.
Sounds like they're kind of lingo.
It's right right here.
Right right in the middle.
Yeah, right around the middle.
Probably in the middle of the limo on the tree where the Banjo boy is sitting and picking
it right now.
Picking him.
Grinnin.
That's our motto here at the BBF easily boy group incorporated.
Banjo boy.
Picking him.
Grinnin.
We're picking it.
And you're grinning.
With lightning, quick speeds, the latest features and security.
Comcast high speed internet, at least DSL and the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four
times faster than DSL 1.5.
And up to 100 times faster than that old fashioned silly-ass dial-up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just
surfing your favorite sites.
And we can't even begin to imagine what those might be.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the
greatest of ease.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you'll get instant access to free
features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Web City radio plus, and up to seven personal
email accounts just to be name of a few.
Now, we'll only back, but you also get included in my coffee security tools, so you can
be assured your internet experience is always going to be safe and secure.
So what can you possibly be waiting for?
Start doing more faster than you ever could before.
Don't be a slow-pokes on offer Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month
for two months.
You wonder how it ever managed to live without it.
Indeed, Call 305 Comcast and it prestigious 9.5.4 Comcast.
This is Neil Rudd, what's all this?
It's 5.62 a.m.
Care about black people.
Touch it, touch it, touch it, touch it, absolutely.
Don't lie, all the hard work.
Don't go, don't go, every time I see.
Don't go, don't go, every time I see.
Don't go, don't go, all the hard work.
He's president of the public, Republican muscle, and an archivalent idiot.
I don't know why, they won't want this young, but not easy.
Here's one of those four years with president of the...
...of the government.
All what I get to, goes once more.
And yet we all voted for one.
Indeed, you want this?
Don't go, don't go, it's drumming stupidly.
Don't go, don't go, no, no, no.
And this drum, get rich kid.
Don't go, don't go, he's even, double in me.
He's president of the...
...yes, I'll care what it does.
You got a man by hook or a girl, with a dress, right?
Oh, what a present you and I, but how do you feel?
We got to make leaders with president stuff.
President stuff.
President stuff.
Funny passion, they suddenly put that skirt about Lou Dobbson,
the Latino talk host urging people to name their babies,
that's sarcastic names actually, Lou Dobbs.
It's not on their website, I'm certainly not news.
I hate when they do that.
They put on, very rarely, they put anything really interesting,
amusing, entertaining on their show, and then finally,
they do, and you look to find more about it and it's not there.
They can name their kids, Babalu.
Babalu, in honor of Vizier, and has, or Lou Dobbs.
Babalu, I see.
Here's Eddon for a lot of deals, says nothing is worse than somebody
who has to get in your face to talk and as breadth it melts paint off the walls.
Oh yeah.
Oh baby.
Those people get lost.
They're fit in there too.
He must be talking about my old friend Dr. Ron from Philly at the hockey games.
What do you think of?
What's the comment?
What do you think of?
Doorhover.
God.
Then I would rip him on the ear and his wife would go out in a hallway
and cry at the hockey game, and they'd get over, oh.
They would just stay the hell away from me,
because I'm not there anyway, so that's another good...
I can give you so many good reasons, about 8,000 of them, why the hell not to be there?
Any more than necessary.
I'll be there this summer very briefly and believe me, it'll be a quick in and out, as they say.
Boy, the old Dr. Ron.
What do you think of this?
Doorhover.
Take the flyers out.
Yeah, the flyers are really a good job there.
Doc.
There's only one doc that knows his hockey, and that's a little Doc Emmerick.
We won't that good anyway.
Let's do some hockey talk, but he said, I bet you can find some hockey on my TV right now,
being in hockey, huh?
What do you think?
It's a four-year-long brother without a goal, and uh...
Oh, it's Chris Gaffer, a game.
It's, uh, Jersey means the Carolina games.
Nice point, a guy who's always...
Americans don't say a game, Chris, but being such a dand can up with it, please.
He understands the sacrifice, and he wants to stand like a...
Hey, Jamie Langerblner, he don't look too bad.
Hey, Jamie, take the clothes off, we have.
What is his last night's game?
Nothing's gonna be fine if he went by Carolina.
It's way both ends of the ice.
I get on winning in Dallas.
There you go.
See, we got that one on our last night's game.
We're right on top of this stuff, and there's always leafs lunch with Bill Waters.
It's deserved a much better fate.
Yes, yes.
So we got hockey up the uh... old rank.
Anyway, getting back to the DaVinci code, it seems to be very controversial.
And we avoid controversy like the plague on his show.
The director of the upcoming religious throw of the DaVinci code says he sees no need for a disclaimer,
leaving the film a work of fiction, provoking a review on Monday from Catholic group Opus Day.
Oh, I wonder if they're kind of Doris Day.
What a crocker, crap. Opus Day, my ass.
Yeah, they beat themselves, you know.
We've changed, we've changed.
With whips and chains.
And with shaman, man.
Filmmaker Ron Howard has acknowledged the controversy renewed by his film of Dan Brown's best selling knowledge.
The depicts Opus Day is a shadowy sect at the heart of a murderous conspiracy
to conceal dark secrets of the early Christian Church.
How about the dark secrets of the more recent Christian Church as in revealed in Godfather 3,
like the Vatican banking scandal, Banco Ambrosiano, my ass.
Or the more recent Catholic Church, which is the uh... the rape, the rape of all the little boys.
That ain't so recent. That's been going on for years.
Oh, there's a lot of...
50 years, plus or even.
But the ask of the winning director of a beautiful mind rejected the notion that his latest film should carry to slamers
requested by Opus Day stating what he said was already obvious.
This is a work of fiction.
You know, this business, and like I said, it's that what is the name of the group again in the 30s,
the Catholic, you're the one who knows which group.
The one that has censored all the films.
Oh, the Hayes, though.
The Hayes Commission.
Yeah.
There's something in the Catholic period that's far-bidgin' like that William Donohue guy.
They think that somebody died and gave them the right to decide to censor what the hell we can see
and who can write what and who can...
Scurry, man.
Somebody did die. A lot of people and they killed them.
Yeah, that's right.
They made them an offer that they did refuse and that was a bad mistake.
Okay.
When a church makes you an offer, say yes, so yes, so yes, that's it.
And then just chuckle, you know.
Mm-hmm. W.
This is a work of fiction that presents a set of characters that are affected by these conspiracy theories and ideas, Ronny.
How we told the LA Times on Sunday.
He was OP. Wasn't he on an awful show?
Was that show he was on? He was just the Andy Griffith show?
Yeah. OP. I wonder who was Anthony. I guess Anthony was Michael's son.
Hey Anthony.
You fairy.
Those characters in this work of fiction act and react on that premise.
It is not theology. It is not history.
To start off with this scramor, spy thrillers don't start off with disclaimers, you said.
Good for you, Ron.
Butch ups, sweetheart. Let him have it.
Opus day, which yours will be distributed to Sony Pictures in April to consider writing to this scramor, express disappointment with Howard Stance.
They said he could have stood up a little straighter, more like a man.
A disclaimer could be with his stance.
A disclaimer could have been a way to sell for...
There would be like standing in like stand, musuel stands, okay?
Ever see stand, musuel bat, I'm sure you didn't, Jeff.
And then who is the other guy, the left-handed, who used to hold the bat way up a very strange, universal those guys?
Probably not.
Craig Council doesn't know.
Does he really? I don't like that.
I guess it works for them, but it just seems to me it's an extra effort to get the bat down to the strike zone and hit the ball.
I mean, he says that he drops his hands so that helps them keep them up.
Really? That's what he says.
And this disclaimer could have been a way for Sony to show the company wants to be fair, respectful, and stream of Christians or half of church opens the US spokesman Brian Fiddity said yesterday, Brian Fiddity.
Oh, yeah. Fiddity down in here. You see all the relationships there, huh?
The film which opens May 19th stars Tom Hanks is a Harvard scholar who teams up with a French cryptologist played by Audrey Tattoo to solve a murder mystery.
I thought Tattoo was on looking at the planes, the planes, the planes, with their babybillishes with Tattoo.
That's right.
To solve a murder mystery and twine in the works of Leonardo da Vinci and supposed to all be in the history of Christianity.
I think they need to solve the mystery in the, uh, in twine in the works of Leonardo da Caprio.
That that's a mystery to me. What else he got that we're not seeing.
What's the point?
Oh, wait, but that we're not seeing.
Central premise, a central premise of the stir. Well, we're going to do that.
Opus day is upside and assured just like when a godfather came out, it was the same Kakarai man.
He was still a Hakan and carrying on. Oh, it's offensive.
Well, you know, too bad to be offended. All those people that you guys killed years ago there.
Right. But it's too late. Everybody's offended.
They're offended by this show. If you don't like it, go away.
Okay, get lost. It's 80 million other shows. Go away.
We're not changing the show to make some get's key out there. Happy because we're not in religion to stinkin bad.
Okay, go back into the, in fact, I want to say go back in the stone ages.
You're already there. Your brain has been stolen from you. Call a police report a theft.
Your brain has been stolen. Your cranium is empty.
In fact, just look around us to QA man. Oh my god. There's, there's enough evidence there.
Oh, there's General Michael Hayden go stepping down a hallie, uh, supposed new director of the CIA, although I got a whole, I got stuff, man.
I got some serious stuff, even then he has to be big fat house major.
They said, I don't think so. We don't need no military guide directly to the CIA. It's bad. Bad.
And you know what? In this case, he happens to be absolutely correction that fat turd, many has to millenoys.
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home, you better do the smart thing right now before it gets out of control.
They just chew your house up for lunch dinner and breakfast. Call ridded peskins roll today for free termite inspection.
Ridded peskins roll uses that amazing orange or a treatment I've been telling you about for a long time.
And it kills those termites and derives 100% on contact. They're gone factor than you can say Bob or Moots and Idiot.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tense your home and make a spectacle to your house.
You don't have to worry about poisonous gas. You don't have to move out or stay in hotels while they air clears.
You don't worry about food or pets in your health either. It's a piece of cake. They treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all. In fact, when ridded is done treating your property, doing something left behind is the clean sense of oranges for just a few days.
You'd be climbing on a walls and ceiling just sniffing them. It's true. If you have a termite problem call ridded peskins roll right now, find out about this amazing orange oil treatment.
It kills termites and derives 100% on contact. No tending, no BS, no kidding. Call right now for a free inspection. Absolutely positively no obligation. Call 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-448. When you call ridded, be sure to mention them that Todd Dreck, coded to call the Los Acto, what you're talking about. 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neal Rodgers. This is 5.62 AF.
This is better than sex. Absolutely.
Who's a Scientologist that turned out to be a hypocrite?
Stop! You're damn fool with the dude that gets never make put down some food. Stop!
Can you figure it? Who's the cat that's making fun of every other religion? Stop!
Not on. This is shit, his wife brainwash mother. Stop! I'm not about to shut up.
And we can do it. These are two days too hard, but no one understands him but I'll unhubber.
Get me a shot.
Excuse me, but I do believe that's a sex.
1233-27-01. Kim Bo-Kamp or a two-mad dog at Fort Marlons in the Ubraves 80k after the baseball Spiner Eye.
The FBI is investigating whether the number three official of the CIA am properly intervened in the award of contracts to a businessman who's been implicated in the Congressional Brimery scandal, law enforcement official said Monday.
CIA executive director Kyle Dusty Fago already was under investigation by the agencies in Spectra General in connection with his relationship to Sandy Eagle, Benesson and Brent Wilkes.
That's Dusty Fago who's stepped aside by the way.
The FBI recently opened its own probe of foggle, a long time and close friend of Wilkes, the official said, speaking only on condition and anonymity because of investigations underway.
Fago has decided to return from the CIA following the resignation last Friday of CIA director Porter Misha Goss and tells his official said yesterday, also of course speaking on condition and anonymity.
The official noted that new CIA directors have traditionally chosen their own executive directors to run the agency's data day to day operations.
Wilkes has been described in court papers as an undidodid, co-conspirate and applauded bribe, then representative Randy Duke Cunningham, now serving a federal prison term for taking a $2.4 million from government contract bribe.
FBI agents have also been looking to whether Wilkes supplied Cunningham with prostitutized limousines and hotel suites.
Fago sometimes attended poker parties at hotel rooms. He said there was nothing untoward about his presence. Right.
Probably brought frankincense and murder. That was probably his presence. Is that what the three wise men brought? That's right.
Ed Gold. Right. I'll take the goal. You have the frankincense and Josh can have the murder. Yeah, whatever that is.
It's a bomb. What is it? A bomb. B-O-M-B or B-A-L-M. Take a pic.
Welcome to W-B-L-M. The big bomb on your radio doll. Oh yeah, have you seen the book? Yeah, it was a bomb. It was a bomb.
In fact, it's the weather outside. It's kind of bombing like an Iraqi embole. I'm just in coherent. I don't know what it is.
It's great. What? I mean, I like it when I'm in coherent. When I have a heavy too. That's my favorite. Is it really?
I thought your favorite was when we take those great calls. Oh, nothing would be better. We're not taking any more today. No.
Oh, gee. What is this without audio? Yeah, that's exactly correct. Don't look at gift-orce in the ass, man.
We got all the way to noon without any of that crap swill. Any of those eight people, by the way, will be taken out before this year ends.
They will be taken out. I've taken out for dinner, like they were just taking a jar of chocolate. Just taken out. And then, of course, try.
On the day Captain Harris made it official that she is a candidate for the West Senate. Guess what? Her colleagues in the Republican Party made it clear that they're ready to work for somebody else.
Some of them. Some of them. But in fact, the Jeffster said she can't win. That was your friend asked governor. That was his very assistant comment. In fact, that's in this story. Why they throw your help, Catherine Bugga.
Some of them, they believe, can actually defeat in the US Senate or Bill Nelson. Well, guess what? Nobody can be Bill Nelson. No way.
The man of the hour is Alan Benz, 54, an affable, get-along politician from the pain handle who is finishing out his term as Speaker of the State House.
The loudest voice Monday against Harris's trouble campaign came from the most important Republican in Florida. Her former boyfriend, a fat ass governor, Jeff Boyce.
I just don't believe she could win Boyce at. And of course, there were a lot of rumors that in 2000 when they were busy fixing the Florida election returns, that there was a little hanky spanking going on between them.
But of course, those were just rumors. Right. Back when she was like a plane, just a campaign director in the state of Florida for his brother's chances.
The governor is using his considerable influence to persuade the panel on state law, making it to take the plunge by Friday's filing deadline in the Senate race.
Many of the governor's financial supporters said they were going to open their wallets.
Legislative state, they'll give Benz access to their political networks. And those closest to Benz say he's finally be all-whose-up increasingly enticing. He's intrigued by it.
The governor's clear of- I got a great idea. If Stern's coming back to terrestrial radio, let's put him back on the air in the morning again.
All right. That sounds like a really good idea. In fact, Duffkin- Yeah. Duffkin put those headphones back on and get back on the dump-buttons again.
The governor's clear affection for Benz will open a lot of pocket books at John Thrasher from our speaker and Bush advisor. They're waiting to find out when does the real game start. And the real game starts this week. I think he's going to get in, he said.
Benz didn't be sure it calls Monday Seagun comment.
Much of the day talking to Republicans from South Florida to Washington DC to assess the pluses and minuses said,
Toaston Fraser is Communication Director Toaston. Wow. There are a lot of minuses Fraser acknowledged to run a campaign on this time schedule with immense support to start defying.
Catherine, they want you out, honey. You thought that you were in and they want you to ask back out. You ain't got a trineman's chance in purgatory sweetheart. Bye-bye. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out, bitch.
Let's see. Let me take a look and see if we're out. I just want to make sure we get around 900 by the or eight seventy two piece of cake, baby.
It's that same cake that Michael was offering to Kay and Godfather three cake and she ain't eating it, but he is and he's got.
He's always going into these diabetic comas. Okay.
Friendly reaching for orange juice and candy at Yolvet O'Connor with Jackass. But that was the good priest. It's a good man, good priest.
Kind of think of the name of the actor, a very famous actor that played that priest who became the Pope.
I think about a Google Godfather three. That was his name, very, very, very, very, very, very, very pretty. I don't know who was. Now how are you going to find that?
Carefully. Well, I guess it'll probably be under the Pope. There's only two popes in there. There was the old Pope which they appoised in this tea and he woke up at Markthaw.
Oh, yeah, I guess he didn't wake up more. He just didn't wake up. And then of course the new Pope. What the hell is his name?
Oh, was it Cardinal Lemberto? That's it. Cardinal Lemberto. Rath the Lone. Oh, that's not who I thought it was. Never heard of him.
Can't even read it. If I'm alone, tell you. Oh, yeah, you don't remember him. He was the one with my bean.
Oh, yeah. Come on. You don't remember him? She's. Oh, I remember him. I just, there's no picture to see what he looks like.
Well, you don't need a picture, man. He looked like an old Getski's way looked like to me.
An archbishop of Gilday was that the one that they threw down the Stairwell-N-Worst-Berserger. That's the one I went flying with.
It was flying robes as he was like after he got like after Al Nuri did a little number on me. He was flying.
You know, as he was floating. You know what I'm saying? Floating down the Stairwell.
1240, 20 before and I was thinking to myself, well, well, well, just like in a clockwork orange. Well, well, well, well.
What a great line it is. Those Brits, man. He's just, how come they can't speak? Well, what is that?
I understand that there are different dialects like New Yorkers in Boston. But what is that all about?
You know, I mean, that's not even a dialect. It's just illiteracy, which dialects. They got several ways.
What do you call it? Is that Cockney? The one where it's all down and getting like that.
I was in Paz, going up there. I think that's just illiterate. Of course, that was dim.
I guess that's why they called him the name. He was the low-rette. I think British target.
Of course, that's a very twuckle toy. Right.
It's one thing you like a little bit more. It's one thing when I crank it up just a little bit too loud.
I don't recall that from seeing it the first 400 times, but the last time it was on, I don't think I ever noticed that scene where they had the speakers all pointed toward the room he was in.
To drive a nuts. I knew they were doing that, but I just didn't know where those speakers were.
I had a myself system that got on. I had one hell of a system, man.
A little shaky side, but also he had a dueling problem.
Yeah, well, it's got like Shaky handle problem, dribbling.
All right, that's enough.
One of the all-time great movies, man. It's right in there with the network. And Godfather. Godfather.
All right, we're going to do that.
I think trying to find that part where I'm telling you.
I'm côngcling.
Sometimes people may find the flow.
That's the word you just know.
Yeah, this is the part where a Marlon gender was the dance instructor with injury.
I'm not sure what time it is.
Right?
Any now?
And then he went.
Pretty sure what.
I was thinking this during the last break.
How many times could you possibly watch that and still enjoy it?
Because that must have been among the whole three the trilogy.
I must have watched it probably 200 times already.
Yeah, that's all it's about, right?
And when you know the dialect by heart, I mean it's like no surprises.
I mean, it's not going to change.
But nevertheless, there's still something that they got you on the hook.
It's like the legend.
It got you hooked and it becomes a part of your brain.
It's like that spin symbol on the wheel of fortune machines.
Same thing, brainwash.
1243 at QA and hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable in these
sweltering south floaty eat all year long.
That's just during the summertime, but all year long when it's usually harder than hell on wheels.
How about getting an instant $200 cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air conditioner?
The five star edition of the Carrier Infinity System.
And it makes things even better for you.
It's easy to get it because you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heath.
Where they've been taking great care of track county area families for three generations.
As a carrier factory authorized it, a Royce guarantee, is 100% satisfaction.
And that guarantee is backed by Carrier.
The people who invented air conditioning and now invented the Carrier Infinity System.
This is really amazing. This new system actually performs a daily diagnostic check.
And then adjust itself to give you maximum efficiency.
And don't forget not to maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner.
Join the Royce Air and Heath Comfort Club.
Twice a year they come to your home, they inspect and tune up your system.
And if you have any kind of problem with your AC, you'll enjoy priorities same day service.
And 10% off any needed repairs. All of these things.
All of these things. Just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two speed infinity system of the Pure On or
piece of mind audio around by being a member of the Comfort Club.
Either way, make this smart choice, the Royce Choice ROYCE.
Royce Air and Heath.
It's a toll free call 1-800-377-0075.
Stay cool and comfortable all year round with Royce Air and Heath.
1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.6Q-A.
Roger, come on.
Yep, it's flying over.
Yeah, you're flying a chasing coconut.
You're better stormy love.
Yeah, you're flying a chasing coconut.
Heath makes a shit of me though.
Next thing you know is all that's on its down.
Keep going, idiot.
Shoot now, we fly a chasing coconut.
Go, go, go, go, go, you.
Who made that whole thing fly?
Who made that whole thing fly?
Say it's the average game fly.
She got for long, off in a tree.
That only comes just to get dumped in.
He's just fine. He'll be okay. It's 1249-11 to 1-1-QM. But this thing is flying by today, ain't it? It's floating by.
I'm sure you've seen, I was speaking of floating. What a good segue. So your psychic power is keeping you in again. They're rubbing on.
Gay tourist heating after Caribbean Island attack, you saw this in Shure.
No. You didn't see this? No.
A young CVS news employees recovering in Miami Beach from a near fatal gay bashing
re-revocation last month in St. Martin, tour rested on Saturday.
I've been trying for very, very two things. For gay and straight and undecided and by and everybody else, don't go on cruises in the first place.
And number two, gay people don't go to the Caribbean. They hate you like poison.
They're homophobic. In fact, they're generally bigoted in a period. That's all. Don't go to the Caribbean. It's like a cesspool.
I think that was a kind, you know, I'm understatement. Don't go there. Okay.
You go to the Caribbean? Now, of course, I'm not putting Cuba in there because obviously none of our audience is going to Cuba.
Unless they fly to Canada, first they get an air cannon to fly and go to Cuba.
Right. I ain't going there anyway. Why not? And Bargo, baby.
And Bargo, what? There's an embargo. Let me say it again. You could fly up here. I know you can.
But that would play rancid back in the bar. I'm going to fly to Toronto to Havana or wherever they want to go.
And then you come back here and they go back to Miami. You want to do that?
No, thanks. Don't want to go visit Arianne and Miguel, whatever his name was, Cabrera Gonzalez.
No, I'm good. How about Josh? When you like to go to Cuba, Miguel will take you. Josh didn't come back in that last break.
Uh-oh. Uh-huh. Now what was he eating this morning during the show?
Yeah. I hope you don't have green apple crystal back at the road. You already know what he was eating.
Oh, he was eating a big bowl of chili. Well, that'll do it.
That he's probably dropping some chili well at any rate. Ryan Smith's communication skills earned him an internship in the Clinton White House.
He talked his way to jobs with David Letterman and CBS News.
But today Smith, 25, is trouble saying and writing simple words while he and friends vacation April 6th on a Caribbean island of San Martin.
A small group chased him down yelled gayslurs and smashed Smith's skull with a tire iron.
Much of friendly folks down there. So don't go to the Caribbean even with Rosie, especially with Rosie.
Two people arrested Saturday in their schedule were peering court today.
Tea prosecutor, Taco Stein told the Miami Herald. What kind of a name is that?
Taco. And by the way, prosecutor Stein, Noah Spicante.
Taco Stein. Did we hear that name? No. I've heard of Taco, but not Taco.
The attack is drastically changed Smith's life. He and his boyfriend are living in Miami Beach.
While Andrew was weak to treatment for his brain injuries, his parents wouldn't even know he was gay until they learned of the attack.
He had come from all how to help him out. Smith's thought process and memory seemed fine.
The greatest reminder of the near-fatal beating, not including the surgical scar that circles the left side of his head, is his trouble speaking and writing.
For someone who earned a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University, worked as a page for Lloyd Latia with David Letterman, and been working as a production secretary for CBS's 48 hours in New York that's been enormously difficult.
Mue de Fisio. He was never able to lost words. That hasn't changed. He still has a lot to say as Mother Patricia Smith said.
But he was always able to finish his sentences unlike Father, what's that was his name?
Gagat Gagan. I do word association with that.
After the attack, Smith and Dick Jefferson, 51, a senior producer at CBS Newswear, airlifted the Jackson Memorial.
Jefferson suffered a fractured skull. Had to have a titanium plate inserted in his head, but was able to return to New York a few days later.
Smith's injuries were more extensive. His skull was fractured. And surgeons needed to remove bone fragments, lives in his brain.
There's still a soft spot on the left side of his head where doctors moved part of his skull. He needs at least one more surgery to replace the whole with a plate.
Doctors expect Smith to make a full recovery, though they don't know how long it will take.
Smith has felt we're remembering the attack which occurred about 3 a.m. near sunset beach bar in Beacon Hill, Dutch St. Martin. His boyfriend, Justin Swenson, can't forget.
We were just holding each other in the bar. We weren't kissing, not making out. Some guys just started screaming and yelling overreacting.
Everyone would say, what boys? What boys? Who got their own? The bounce of Asif we would move. We did because we wanted to travel since 2023. A New York fashion model.
As Smith and Swenson left Bamboo Burney's bar, one of them had to share with them. Neither was it the bar manager or the angular man to leave.
Outside Smith and Swenson met up with Jefferson and a few other friends. Suddenly a white car with three or four people inside tried to run them down. The car clips Smith knocking him down.
I saw the car stopping somebody to get out. From inside the car, a man began throwing paint cans. Smith and Swenson went to get help.
I was panicked. He said, then a guy says to me, you got to get out of here. Something bad is going to happen to you.
All of a sudden I see Ryan staggering back. I can see his covered in blood. Blood is pouring out of the wound in his head. I see Vic with a shocked look on his face. He's holding his head.
For the first few days, I'm not going to do it.
I believe it. I'm not going to do it.
Just keep moving. For the first few days after the attacks, St. Martin policed it a little to investigate. After CBS ABC News ran, TV reports the case moved ahead.
A man and a woman, both French, St. Martin residents, were arrested Saturday. More rest are expected to sign. Both French, they suspect the names were not released.
The crimes suspected our grievous bodily harm and tinted manslaughter sign said. The attack has caused some activists to question whether the game must be in travel or should visit the career of a career career career.
Oh yeah, like there was ever any doubt. Don't you get it? They don't want you there. Don't you understand? Anybody remember Cayman Islands?
It wasn't Cayman Islands. It's Cayman Islands. They don't want your ass there. Okay. The rest of either. God.
It's time for Americans to reassess their relationship with islands such as Jamaica, Mons, St. Martin and the Bahamas.
Usually, welcome us. All of us are none of us.
But these so-called paradigms can no longer be playgrounds for heterosexuals and hunting grounds for homosexuals. National activists and for a large and native way of recent recent recent were on his website blog.
The last four weeks have been trying for Patricia Smith and her husband Raymond who live in San Dusky, Ohio, and didn't know the sun was gay till he was nearly beaten to death.
I had an idea, but I never, he never shared it with us. I felt like he was waiting to talk to us about it. She said, we love him dearly. Nothing can change that. We had a quick learning curve, but we accept the museum. He's a mess.
Friends in New York and strangers in South Florida reached out to Smith's parents and swans in about 150 friends, friends attend a benefit ceremony in New York City and raised about two grand help with living expenses, whilst Smith recouped for his in South Florida.
When members of South Florida's gay community heard that Smith was staying in Miami, they moved to help as well.
Finance writer and gay philanthropist Andrew Tobias, low and evacant Lincoln Road Department of Swanson, who got a job writing tables at a cafeteria on Lincoln Road. Or is that the name of it? Cafeteria.
Oh, it says, I'm waiting tables at Cafeteria on Lincoln Road. Cafeteria. That's right up your alley, not mine. Lincoln Road? Yeah, sorry, pops. That'll do. Just a joke.
Ray Brasel, an important of Patrick Pecoraro, donated two units at the man's health class in Miami Beach for the Smith family to use for the first week, then discounted units for the rest of their stay.
Don't go to the Caribbean, okay, if you're in no matter what you are, just don't go there unless you're a crazy person, okay? Let's go to a masochist. Lots and lots of narrow-minded, rumored hateful, bigoted goofballs there. I'm trying to be kind, goofball.
In fact, that power drives all the goofballs for one person.
901 votes already, man. We have got this licked.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 a.m.
Not just the 1 to 2 hour, it's a phenomenon. Right.
1.15.60 WQM. Speaking of Kimba Volcampus, come up to 2. Remember Kimba from Mazeta?
Yeah, he Kimba. Uh-huh. Well, she sure had a deep register, you know?
Okay, yeah.
Ben and Danbury Connecticut facts it and says, and keeping with the leading vocator in today's pool, in the near future, they're going to allow cell phones, usage on planes. That is correct.
In fact, they're already testing that.
Amazing, though, on a flight 93, how all a cell phone calls them and writes through no problem at all.
That's because it was important.
Oh, is that what it is? Maybe the Lord wanted to make sure they got in touch for one last to call.
God, it was my operator. Because it doesn't work. But anyway, can you imagine sitting next to one of those loud A-holes that says, Sizzlin?
They were at least going to have separate people to separate people like the old smoking days, it says.
Hopefully they'll put all the obnoxious talkers in the back of the plane. I know I'll be driving a lot more if they don't Sizzlin.
But you better stay up, Ben, because they're going to be doing a lot more driving. It's going to cost you a big time.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. You butcher, you liar, you idiot, you imbecile, you bozo.
A lot of bozos running around. You know, it didn't the original bozo die. They bozo the clown. Oh, he must have.
Oh, yeah, quite a while ago. About a half an hour ago, at least.
But there are a lot of bozo imitators out there, just like there's Eddie imitators, you know.
There's only one bozo and there's only one Eddie, right?
Right. I looked at that thing. We had 911 bozos a minute ago. 911, but now it's 920. Thanks God.
921. They're pouring in by the ones. We got the thousand lake josh relaxed on your birthday will be embarrassing.
Yes, it would not to get the thousand boats. They'll be very, very bad.
Wait a year this weekend of radio going in the toilet. Wait a year. Did you see a clear channel side up to your channel?
No.
Oh, you are going to vomit. It's a good thing you didn't have well. You didn't have the chili, didn't you?
No, I did.
Oh, I mean, Josh came back though. Josh had the chili and I think he just got rid of it.
Yeah, you're right about time. Oh, no.
I've worked on you man. Working at QM is a real moving experience.
Too bad mine have had a chance to work at QM. That probably would have solved her lifelong problem.
You know what?
Clear channel radio has announced that whoopi Goldberg will join the company for a morning drive show.
Wake up with whoopi.
Set the launch on July 31. Wake up with whoopi. I would I'd rather wake up in a box.
With content focused on AC stations to show while air live on LinkedIn mornings from 5 to 9 a.m. nationwide.
Oh, thank God it's not to lie for 10. I could we compete with that.
Whoopi will offer listeners a blend of daily topics.
It says Goldberg will offer listeners a daily blend of topics.
Comedy, Lister Collins, guests and locally program music will be located nationally through premier radio networks.
Radio is an area of always wanted to play in says whoopi.
How about going and playing in traffic versus a better idea?
There aren't many women helming their own show.
I'm sure to add my name that's smallest because I believe that we have something to add to the morning groove.
Oh God, groove this.
Hey, you know, we could team her up with our own Goldberg and how they, you know, Goldberg and Goldberg show.
Hank and whoopi.
Hank, making whoopi.
I doubt it.
I or we can have Goldberg and Goldstein.
Right?
That's the thought.
We got more than, you know, more than enough Jews already, I think.
The show could be called Good Morning to Jew.
Whoopi is one of those rare artists whose appeal crosses all demographics.
She's in natural on radio ads. She's channel president and CEO John Hogan.
Who couldn't drive his finger up his nose as my friend Derek.
Horse pay 22 bucks Derek and talk me off because John Hogan was driving you goofball.
I could probably be retired right now if I bet all the horses that people have talked me off all over the years.
It should be no surprise that her demos have been outstanding.
She's an incredibly accomplished actor, writer, producer and humanitarian whoopi makes you laugh.
I can't even look at her.
Of course I'm right.
I do think she's got an appearance for radio like me.
She makes you laugh.
I think questions celebrate all the same time.
She's exactly what a Delft contemporary radio needs for the morning drive.
And we're incredibly fortunate to welcome her service.
The SR is John Hogan.
Whoopi Goldberg.
She is.
And of course, look at all the great women on radio now.
Is it serious, Rex and it's got Martha Stewart.
And serious, she's got Lynn Samuels that hold the maid.
I mean, Doug Hague.
And who else?
What are the women around here?
Oh, I know how you can forget your American man.
Right.
With the goddess.
What are their numbers?
Are dwindling?
They're just dropping like a rock.
Don't forget Oprah.
She's on a radio.
Can you drink?
Well, she has the channel of XM.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, that's the Oprah channel.
Oh, man.
Out of sight out of mind.
I can't believe that.
Almost maybe we want to play that bit.
Oprah, giveaways.
But I'll play it later.
I love that.
Everybody gets a new liver.
I like that.
What's wrong with having a new liver?
Nothing.
Especially if it's got a little bacon and onions on.
Well, keep it in the fridge.
I don't know whether I really want to go to Taco Bell again.
And they get my burrito supreme with no beans with my sour cream on it.
And chewed that on my pasta.
I know I am Jones and for my greenfield pasta today.
Well, that's good.
Maybe I should get some of that.
Remember you tell me about that cheese in a bottle?
What do they call that?
Cheese sauce.
Right?
Well, I did go out and get the Alfredo sauce at one time.
It was very, very good.
There's only one problem with that.
It's got a lot of carbs.
They call it Feta Chinele Alfredo.
No, no, no, no.
They never have a lot of carbs.
They call it Feta Chinele Alfredo.
They call it a heart attack on a plate.
And I think that it's got so much cholesterol.
Yeah.
Is that what it is?
Yes.
Well, I would assume that the stuff you're talking about would be the same.
But sure, it does sound awfully appealing to me though.
Man, it sounds really, really good.
Hmm.
How's Speaker Danny?
Oh, man.
Well, why can't they make food with like no calories and no nothing?
What can they do that?
No carbs, no calories.
I like to eat.
I mean, all this baloney, you know?
I don't know.
All the baloney is okay.
It wants to be great.
But all is BS.
Oh, this is bad for you.
And then they put this crap under about how, you know, slightly the chocolate stories.
Every couple day, I think Ray Niggins got his finger in that.
Every two days, the talking hand that we're still on the store about, oh, well, chocolate is really good for you.
And if you have like one, you know, like one dark chocolate, like one teeny tiny truffle or some crap.
Well, who the hell is going to eat one?
Right.
Do you ever get to score bites?
No.
You never got those?
No.
I see how they have all these little bite sized pieces of different candy bars and bags, you know, plastic bags.
Right.
But they have score bites.
I guess you're not a big score fan.
I love score, but, you know, mmm, well score bites are important to you.
I'm telling you, man.
Now what I was saying is just to, oh, yeah.
So open that up and eat one.
Just keep it in the fridge and eat one every day for the, I mean, who can do that, right?
Right.
Who can eat one of those?
How Speaker Denny has to in signal he may oppose the White House's selection of General Michael Hayton to run the CIA,
according to a story posted at time.com yesterday.
The Speaker believes they should not have a military person leading the CIA, civilian agency.
Hashtag his communication director Ron Balmjien, told time.
I wonder if he's kin to Roger Danjien, the Jackie or Jean Valjian, from Les Miserables.
I used to think that was the name of that book, Les Miserables.
Yeah, well, when you don't speak French.
Well, who he all wants to anyway, but you're frog.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Baljian was confirming the tone of comments Hashtag made an appearance in Aurora, Illinois,
which Hashtag praised Porter Miserables and said, moving Hayton to the CIA,
I expected a power grab by Negro Patti.
See, that's what I said, that's correct.
Adding that Negro Patti visited Hashtag's office last week,
not knowing any problems with Miserables.
Hashtag had been one of Porter Miserables's closest friends on Capitol Hill by contrast.
He said, yes, they didn't know Hayton and what the general and that he never paid him a visit.
Oh, yeah.
So, I'm going to ask you, maybe, you know, what's his name?
Niri.
Alan Niri is going to pay him a visit.
Right.
Going to pay the Archbishop of visit.
How about Archbishop Marsinkus?
He was the one that, I think he was the one they found.
No, was he the one that was found hanging him?
Oh, I can't remember.
I'm covered in the Vatican Bank.
You know, he was the Archbishop in Chicago, I believe.
I can't remember the name of the guy that they found hanging.
And then come to find out he wasn't a suicide.
I saw a whole show on that.
It was a murder.
It was a murder.
He was the Vatican banker, who not only was the banker for Il Vaticano, but also for La Mafia.
A lot of Mafiosi types in Sicily.
I think I would like to go to Sicily, wouldn't you?
Absolutely.
To Palermo, or maybe to Corleone, so on social malls, I'm going to go out and get a lot of Godfather music today.
Our new format starts tomorrow.
All the Godfather, all the time.
Start the show by saying, where the hell is it?
Oh, look at that.
You got me so whipped away.
Do the same thing again.
Knocked it down to audition.
Knocked it down to me.
Well, you know, I get very excited about the Godfather.
I don't know about you, but I get all whipped up about it.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy.
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
And now you want to go down a police capital.
Like this, you slapped your face a little bit.
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot them a mile away?
You're going to get a post like this.
They're being your blood.
They brains all over your nice side.
Release suit.
Come in.
You're taking this very first.
Right.
That side.
Let me sit.
Oh, swear.
I'm a shoulder man, grandchildren.
And I will not be on the break to be asleep with me.
Nice job, Marlon.
I'll give that cotton batten.
Cut out of your mouth.
I like Joseph Cotton.
He was a great actor for Cotton Batten.
Why do they call it Cotton Batten?
You ever hear that expression?
No.
What do they call it Cotton Batten?
No, no, seriously.
Cotton Batten, you never heard that?
Yeah, I've heard it.
I don't know what it means.
That's an old time thing.
It's for old forests.
That's what they call cotton.
I don't know.
I'm going to talk about cotton picking.
Like on a plantation.
I'm talking about big wads of cotton.
Like you find in like a pill bottles and stuff.
I'm really used to call it Cotton Batten.
Who else knows?
I think she made up half of the craft used to probably.
Ever at Cotton Jidd?
Like a lot of the British words I say.
I think she made them up.
934 votes on a pool.
I think we got a pretty damn good shot to get to that thousand
if you people get off your duff, okay?
Get off your duff and hop on it.
And the pool too.
Duff's got a real surprise for Josh at the end of the show
for Josh's birthday.
What's the rudest thing people do?
Cell phone abuse, 221.
It's annoying.
I want to take that phone out of their hands and smash it.
Cutting in line 138.
Speaking in Spanish, 120 out there in public
in an English speaking community like South Florida.
Nope bigot of pine.
Nope bigot of pine, okay?
Abel in grace.
Peeing on the toilet seat 119.
Driving slow in the left lane and the passing lane 59.
Especially on the highway.
Or like on university.
You know, farting in public 45.
Stealing parking spots 42.
Flowing in their wealth 40.
I hate this poll 39.
What is that being loud about people are sleeping 38.
People who are over turned phone calls like Greg Reed 34.
Failgators 22.
Picking your nose in public 13.
Steaming food off someone's plate 3 and burping in public
still has the same 3.
It's had since I sat down here this moment.
It's got 3940.
So I guess people if you want to have a good time
just go out there and belt your guts out.
Nobody seems to be offended by it.
Right?
Right.
In fact, that could be part of the new format too.
We can't do anything else.
But so far we haven't gotten Joyce done belching yet.
Yet I said so far.
You know, all the ones that bitch finds out about it.
Don't forget 245 this afternoon we're following
a class section 83 trillion dollar lawsuit against Joyce Bitch.
That's skinny as bitch.
Hey, if you love going out on water and you want to get yourself a boat
here's a smart way to do it.
Don't waste a lot of money buying it and then getting involved in all the headaches
that go along with owning a boat.
Do the smart thing and call club nautico at 1-800-VOTE-RENT.
Call them right now.
Why pay the expenses of boat ownership when you can rent one totally
hassle free because they take all the hassles out of it.
They do all the work for you.
Join the club at club nautico.
Call 1-800-VOTE-RENT.
You'll be amazed at just how easy they make it all for you.
There are no docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance or God forbid.
That of course is...
Deal, come on!
No hurricane preparation.
With a boat and club nautico it's totally stress free and truly affordable too.
This is for smart people.
Call 1-800-VOTE-RENT.
No getting the boat ready because club nautico does it for you.
No cleaning up either.
Guess what they do that too.
At club nautico just hop on your boat, go have a swell time and when you're done,
pull in the dock, get off and leave and go have a wild time.
It's that simple.
Club nautico call 1-800-VOTE-RENT from unlimited voting to pay as you go small
both to the odd charters.
It's club nautico.
Call 1-800-VOTE-RENT.
Like club nautico Taylor or plan to fit exactly what you'd be looking for and your budget too.
Get on the water the day the smart way with club nautico by calling 1-800-VOTE-RENT.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is a total goal.
For this is 560 QAX.
Marlins fans.
It's the 2006 QAM Mercedes Benz Grand Slamming Contest.
If a Marlins player hits a grand slam in the fifth inning, you could win a two-year lease
of a Mercedes Benz C230.
For more information and to enter log on to wqam.com today's of 2006 Mercedes Benz Grand Slamming Contest.
4.25-50 QAM.
Good, good, good.
Okay.
We're down in Jamaica in the catapult game.
It got the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table of wood.
It could be a district country where the country beat those bastards.
Third man.
Marlins has some he want to sell.
And from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The light of this breath and smoke.
You're fairy.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gun, you sack.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
A man again, the tour is home here and say.
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The light of this breath and smoke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gun.
Marlins have some he want to sell.
You're a star man.
You like to smoke.
The joy is stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
To bite the earth for you by the answer they've heard.
I think you are.
Rasta Man is say to her, am I alright?
The gun should be good.
Tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The light of this breath and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
What is going on here?
21 past 1, 1.
9.01, 61 votes.
We got that 1000 licked, you know?
It's quite a conversation if you ask me.
You know, see you're just, you just, I don't know.
What?
Very hard to like impress you.
You're just hard at it.
Although it's impressive, I just don't care.
No, you're supposed to care.
You're supposed to pretend that you care.
I don't care.
Oh, hey, hello.
I couldn't ever crap less.
It's just something to shoot for, you know?
Yeah, I've got to put that up to shoot for.
What was the guy's name on the subway?
We're all pretty good.
Right?
He had something to shoot for.
He said, here's another one for you.
First there was Clinton Gore.
It could Clinton versus Gore be next.
Asked the Wall Street urinal online.
Right wing Wall Street urinal.
For a former vice president, Al Gore, a rash affair.
Where's that Gore thing, man?
That is so, that's about the only time he even acted like he was alive.
How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture front?
Abu Gharr, right?
Pedaboy Al.
I'll see if he just maintains that level of enthusiasm and excitement and being alive.
He had a pretty good shot, I think.
I'd like him and say as opposed to Hillary.
Because we know he could win an election.
He already won in 2000 just to say stole it from him.
But at least we know that.
You don't like that?
I like it.
Well, give me another name.
I mean, who else would he like?
How are Dean and going to get it?
They're not going to nominate him.
Give me a name.
Barack Obama?
Yeah.
How about this, Dick?
And how about Al Gore as a president and Barack Obama is his running mate?
You know, see, if we can't have Howard Dean, then what's the point?
What does that mean?
Dean can be like secretary of yelling or something.
He can be in the cabinet, huh?
Yeah.
He can be like secretary of state.
I just, I don't see any hope for the future.
That's what I'm trying to get at.
Well, if that's the case, would you listen to me?
Well, we got Steven Harper, man.
You think you got problems.
We also got an idiot.
Although at least he's not, not only is he not a literary, he speaks French as well.
Rather, fluently, I'm afraid to say.
For a former vice president, Al Gore, a rash of favorable publicity surrounding this month's opening of his movie, an inconvenient truth,
and the growing political residents of its subject, global warming, are stoking the most serious speculation about a Gore political convaccents his loss, or his alleged loss, the 2000 US presidential election.
I still can't get the vision to auto my mind from Fahrenheit 9-11.
Of him and gathering down all of those black, Congress people.
Remember that?
Yeah.
It was sassy and water, and all those other people was shutting them down.
Maybe what a crime.
Huh?
Maybe what a crime.
In 2000, and of course, keep in mind, where was the Ted Kennedy?
Where was the Chris Dodd?
Where was John Kerry?
Say it louder.
All of these people, evidently, they must have been out to lunch when they needed just one senator to sign that resolution they couldn't find one.
Solimente Ullnor, that's all they needed.
Couldn't find one.
In 2000, it could mean a once-unimagensible battle for Democrats in the nomination between Bill Clinton and the former vice president and his wife, Swirlery.
To some pro-war Democrats worried about mistons electability. That's part of the appeal.
Yeah.
He already proved he can win a presidential election.
Her, it's like, and a lot of people ain't too crazy, but in addition to which he's such a, you know, all over the place now.
Such a political butterfly.
I appreciate that buzz, but he's not running for president and cis-Michael Feldman.
A former adviser was helping promote the film and Mr. Goury's new book on which it's based.
He's been spending a considerable amount of time trying to educate people on the issue of global warming.
And of course, don't forget, he also invented the Internet's.
The Demerals aren't persuasive to some Democrats, including former Clinton, Goury White House insiders.
I know he's thinking about it. I know for a fact the former adviser says he's talked about people about the pros and cons.
And we sure got plenty of cons in this administration.
Among those said to be pushing Mr. Goury, our brilliant adventure capitalist and high-tech entrepreneur, John Doer, and Laurie David,
a global warming activist and producer of the film, and wife of Seinfeld, and Kirby, and Susie, as in creator Larry David, who's probably a full brother to Morgan, David.
And don't forget, howard David did it.
When people see this movie, I know they're going to see the real Al Gore. They're going to demand that he run Ms. David says.
But she has, he changes the subject whenever that comes up. Has to be talking to make the movie when she pushed.
Well, I think that's it. I think that's the answer to his Gore and the Barack Obama. Why were you so sour on that?
I thought you would be jumping up like a Michigan Jedi being in the heat of the Uppers.
They're going to fix it together. They'll do something and go for it.
Are you telling me it's going to be close enough and then to fix it? Are the American people really that stupid?
Oh, sorry, bad question. Maybe just a rhetorical question.
I'm almost tempted to take it out to call this Arbery, you know what? What? I won't. Why spoil the good thing?
You know, today has been as close to pristine as the show can ever get.
Remember pristine with John Stockwell, right? What a car. What was it again? Was it a plimuth? Dodge Charger? What was that?
Plimuth. Plimuth. That's it. Fury. Okay, that sounds right. Plimuth, Fury, I think it was.
I don't know. 970 votes, man. We got the thousand votes in the bag. It's in the sack. You can almost smell it spilling over.
It's in the sack. Speaking of sack. We're trying to figure out.
Oh, yeah. There he is. Hermongering Rome spelled. I want one thing for him to answer.
I just have one question. Whatever happened with that big investigation about that?
Amstrak. Oh, yeah. Remember that?
And of course, how come he owns so much of that stock in the company that makes tamiflu?
You starting up the good?
With all this bird flu crap. And then he also own a whole lot of bear stock too that makes cipro?
Yeah. Yeah. Just to convince it, and of course, these grave robbers, they're raping you, man.
You people should be bleeding. You should have blood running down your legs. You should have varicose veins.
And the public's expect better to be better. But what about that rapid Duke? What about the chick from Aruba?
And what about Tubby and his tuba? And boy, am I a booba, huh?
Ignoramus. I was thinking about booster in a break for some extra. I guess there was a story on there. Ignoramus.
Although generally with the word Ignoramus, you think of somebody who's so stupid that they're like ineffectual or harmless.
They couldn't possibly be the malignant butcher that he is.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQ. If you're a cigar smoker, you'd like to kick back with a good premium brand.
And then he is cigars by Tony Barhani is for you. These hard-defined cigars are made with the first grade tobacco processed,
aged up to 10 years, whereas they see here processed. But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch, hard-to-find tobacco.
But he, a gold-aflacher-blank, gets a 91 rating by Cigar, Fisiono Cigar, and Cider, and 9.1 by Schmok Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced, full-bodied Nicaragua-instagars, earthy hints of dark-roast coffee, chocolate, spice, and pepper flavors.
Also, be sure to try the Bihia Dissailed, the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months. This one gets a high rating of 91 by Cigar, Fisiono Cigar, and Cider.
A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth, and pepper, it'll knock your socks off.
It finishes long and full-bodied with additional spice and a note of charred wood. For a soft-floured tobacco-nissed nearby, you log on to
BihiaCigars.com or call toll-free 1-800-35 by here. That's 1-800-35 BAHI.
A...
This is Neal Rogers. This is 5-16-2-8-S.
Neal Rogers. God. What the hell does that mean?
The
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
BAHI.
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
The
BAHI.
Now
they
have only one
with
Jibbara.
No
for me, that's too bad.
We got it.
Now we want to
feel and say
we got it.
We want to
take this a lot.
We got it.
Where is
those five
people?
You say
not a level is what
they got you to believe.
Can't you
really go through
that old
party car to believe?
You believe
what they say
like
the
ball
as
a ball
as
a ball
as
CHILDREN
is
and
long
for
boy
which is
right
oppressed
it's
teasing
you
another suicide bombing in Tallahfar in Iraq.
That's just in.
Yeah.
Her Montgomery Rumsfeld is going, but it moved.
One point on Iran's capability is in the 10th,
that's what I'm going to say.
It's in there.
Yeah.
133.
2702.
We got Kimba Bullcamp, or coming along a two.
He's going to be riding in on that moocow
from that sits on from the University of Dodge.
They used to be in front of Dan Dowd's there on 441,
in Lauderdale, until the neighborhood changed.
That was a crappy place.
He were trying to tell me one time was a good restaurant
and a good day.
Oh, that was awful.
That what was?
Dan Dowd's.
Never been there.
Well, you won't know because it's not a business
many, many years, but that was, that was weak.
And they also used to have like a meat market there too.
That's why they had the big moocow out in front.
In fact, I think that's where they got some of the meat from.
I see.
It sucked.
And across the street, though, used to be much better
was, what was the steakhouse trucks?
Trucks was good.
You had never ate a truck?
That that I could recall.
They had those good pansy drinks there.
You know, like in tropical drinks
and they had really good steak and...
Oh, the above is it?
Yeah.
Oh, exactly.
And little umbrellas like you were in Hawaii.
That's a nice place.
After you're finishing all your European touring,
you'll go to Hawaii.
I like the thing.
For a key.
Neil Young's new album.
I'm gonna go out and get it to that, I guess.
I just can't, I just gotta do it.
You sure?
And we'll play it.
Oh, for, in fact, we should take a pull out.
Well, you had to hit the godfather or Neil Young
and all his anti-war and anti-vusha music.
Neil Young's new album, Living with War,
might not triggered the downfall
of US President George W. Bush,
but it has served us throughout
any lingering confusion about the legend
of his distinguished nationality.
This is in this morning's Toronto star, by the way.
So there's a little bit of a sign on it, eh?
A Canadian calling for the impeachment of US President
will tend to do that.
Young, born in Toronto and raised in Winterpeg,
is a Canadian.
This will not come as new to anyone on this side of the border,
where the 60-year-old tunesment has revered
as one of Canada's greatest musical sons,
although he ain't certainly no Burton Cummings,
or Anne Murray, or Oliver Levine.
But the distinction is sometimes lost down south
where if you believe long-held conventional wisdom,
it's assumed that young who has lived in the US
for 40 years without taking citizenship is an American,
but he's not.
The album was arrived in stores today,
so yeah, gotta go out and get it.
Hey, hey.
Has provoked a flood of commentary outside
the usual music press circles, much of it focused on
whether young is even entitled to have an opinion
about the Commander-in-Chief.
Neil Young is not a US citizen,
he's Canadian, protests the online edition
of the right-wing weekly of the national review.
He can't even vote, he's been an America for 40 years,
he's never bothered to take out citizenship,
and this interloper from the land of the moose and mountains
is telling us to impeach our President for goodness sake.
If it's not Mexican-fun offence jupers
trying to dictate legislation to us,
it's fur trappers in the wilds of Ontario
insulting our head of state.
Fur trappers from the wilds of Ontario.
That's not it.
That's not it.
Good work to be here.
Fur trappers on the crapper.
Sounds like something to be sung by a crapper?
Right.
On Fox News host Mike Galler,
who complained Neil Young is rich and famous
because the country is trashy, made him so.
Wouldn't his words carry a little more clout
if he bothered to become a citizen of the country
than made him rich and famous?
Another Fox right when commented
that the umptuous John Gibson accused Young of disrespecting
the memory of 9-11.
Gibson suggested,
where am I? Is there something missing here from this?
Uh oh.
Yeah, there's something missing from this story.
Okay.
Anyway, Young made ways by offering a positive assessment
of then-President Ronald Reagan.
This illusion, though many liberals,
by this revelation, few have any suggests
that the young citizenship is qualified
in purporting an opinion.
Conservatives for the most part were delighted.
The irony is that while Young might not technically qualify
as US citizen, living with wars written from an entirely
American perspective,
the album's criticism to the government policy
are framed by the assumption that America is fundamentally
good freedom-loving nation being led astray
by corrupt misguided leadership.
They're concluding track after all is an irony free
rendition of America, the beautiful.
Oh, specious sky.
How's that go?
Traction, the disco service of focal point for the cross-based
Hills, Nash and Young track that stops at the air
Canada center on the 10th of July.
Even the name of the tour, freedom of speech,
oh, six hasn't decidedly American ring.
Well, I remember that, freedom of speech.
In any case, living in the war isn't nearly as incendiary
as Steve Earl's 2002 Powdertec Jerusalem
flown directly into the teeth of 9-11's
highly patriotic aftermath,
or as 2004 fought off the revolution starts now.
Many of the same pundits also slammed Earl,
especially for a sociologically empathetic portrait
of Taliban conscript John Walker Lind,
probably full-brother to Paul Lind.
But there's a world of difference,
Earl, who's had a backstreetly identified himself
as a Marxist, is calling for revolution.
And looking for a leader by contrast,
Young floats to the less than medical assertion
that maybe Colin Powell would be a better president than Bush.
Oh, yeah, that's sell out Colin Powell.
Like I said, I don't know if I want to buy this album.
Remember he was holding up that...
Chew with all that anthrax and all the chemical weapons
they have.
Yeah.
He sold out Colin.
The political climate is different now, too.
It says with Bush's approval rating is slithering 31%.
Young isn't the only U.S. resident
contemplating impeachment.
The thought is probably crossed the mind of the odd Republican
judging by Bush's plummeting popularity,
even among conservatives.
This enchantment with the administration runs deep.
This river runs deep.
A river runs through it.
What movie was that?
Was that the one with Brad Pitt?
River Run, right?
And Morgan Schaeffer, right?
And he was a fisherman.
That's right.
And he died.
How sad.
He looked pretty good in that movie.
He didn't have all those craters in his face like he does now.
In that sense, the political views expressed
on living with war are more mainstream
than right when commentators let on.
It's easy to dismiss the messenger
as an unworthy interloper than deal with how widely
this policeman has shared.
Besides, it isn't as if young
he saw the mantle of national conscience.
I was waiting for someone to come along.
Some young singer 18 to 22 to write these songs
and stand up young, told the LA Times.
I waited a long time.
Then I decided that maybe the generation ahead
to do this is still the 60s generation.
Or maybe in the spirit of free trade,
the job this felt that were Canadian A.
That's what it says here in the Toronto Star.
Well, I'm a little curious.
Well, maybe they got a good point there, huh?
After all, it was John Critchett who said that frog
that Bush was an idiot.
Moron.
What a giveaway.
Yeah, he was one of the first acts
to not only be on to it,
but actually have the balls to say it.
You go, Froggy.
That's what we need back into is that frog, John Critchett.
Even though he talked out of the side of his mouth,
most politicians didn't do anyway, right?
Oh, ho, ho.
In fact, most of them talked out of both sides of him off.
Please see him and talked out of one.
Anybody have any idea what I'm talking about today?
Oh, good.
Because that makes a whole bunch of us.
I couldn't care less.
I'm having a stellar time and some of them were almost done.
992, man.
What did I tell you?
992 on Josh's birthday.
We're going to get that thousand really easy.
And I think they're doing it for you.
Yes, they are.
I would be surprised that there's a whole bunch of gifts
waiting for you lined up outside the studio
when we get to two o'clock.
So, happy birthday, John.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Zach brings you
something special in that exact kind of color.
Yeah.
Yeah, remember, probably be rats in a really colorful box.
Probably pink.
Really?
With a bow.
Hey, Zach.
I think you're ass.
24.2 at 5.60 W.K.M.
Kim Bo Campo, a 2 gym manager for one more
could any red blooded American want, huh?
Real, real red blooded sports talk.
And they'll probably be talking a lot about
that horrible game last night.
Sure won't be talking about the fact that Sabers kicked Ottawa
again, two to one right there and Ottawa
and lead the series to another or that Carolina,
nothing to be finer than Jersey getting beat up by Carolina.
Nice going, boys.
You know, being outdoors a lot in South Florida,
really need comfortable shoes.
So, we want you to take your tutsies right over to Brandy,
Susan, Pompovites.
They carry all the top names in a shoe binnest.
No off brands that nobody ever heard of before.
They got Floreshaw and Mifisto and Echo and Rockport.
Hush puppies, even new balance, which are so sensational.
And tons of all the other big name brands
and all sizes for men and women.
They even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes
for those of you with really freaky feet.
Brandy, Susan's largest independent shoe retailer
in all South Florida.
And when you see the fabulous selection and value
of Brandy's understand why I've been raving about them
for a very, very long time.
Go talk to our good buddy Arnie
and he'll make sure you get the right shoe.
I almost did that again.
I started, I just said, yeah, I did that once before
but I didn't get the whole word out.
The right fitting shoe, what you said
at right fitting shoes, man, it's like a trap.
The right fitting shoe is the right,
I see.
That was good.
That was a good comeback there.
Even a wood buy I never made a comeback like that.
Didn't crack the back.
Like I said, Arnie, you'll take care of it.
Brandy's isn't like those department stores
where you have to wait for everybody to get waited on
and after you finally pick out a style
you say, hey, these look pretty good.
They say, oh, don't have that in your size, get out of here.
The only thing they do do with Brandy's is shoes.
That also begins with an S-H.
You never have to worry about size, selection or service.
Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompadabee
for you to land in Copa-Zone East Side.
You can't miss it.
Open every day of the week for your shopping convenience.
Monday to Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5.
It's a great time this week to buy floor shirms at Brandy's.
Take 10 to 30 bucks.
About 30 bucks.
Hop on selected men's styles of floor shirms this week.
So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's
or do your shoe shopping right by sitting there
on your ass online at brandyshoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
You say,
I'm a rapper.
I was riding on a train at Austin Texas.
Oh, and a very lovely lady sent next to my
When she got a ticket, she asked to buy
a dress that would hold her sights.
I was more than happy to.
And now there's more I'd like you to.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper, sweet nothings in her ears.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening
when she then sitting on.
She's saying this way she could be.
But I could clearly see she was the kind of girl
who sold and hearts her spend right on.
Reckos.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper, sweet nothings in her ears.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget the dream right then to all see it.
We shared a sweet and we shared our tales.
But as my heart flies, believe her behind.
Regrets are all I find.
Because I hope that it's dead through in the end.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper, sweet nothings in her ears.
I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
I want to kiss her, but she won't let me.
2006 post on a poll, maybe a piece of cake.
What I tell you, no problem at all.
I do like lemon meringue pie.
I like Boston cream pie.
I tell you one kind of pie, not too crazy, but it's German chocolate pie.
You want it in the wine?
Coconut, it's got coconut on it.
Shredded nasty coconut.
Yeah, what else coconut do it on a pie?
Fui, fat.
2006 post on a poll, thank you so very much for making Josh feel like almost a human being.
If we didn't have a thousand day, he would have taken a personal.
Probably because he only put those 9 stories on our website.
That's right.
That's my fault if I would have sent you like 90.
It's not your fault, man.
It was a good thing to do.
It was a nice thing.
It was a genteel thing to do.
That's right.
Plus I really thought that I put a lot more on there than that.
So just consider yourself a gift to give from above.
America may be the world's superpower, but it's survival rate for newborn babies ranks new.
The bottom among modern nations better only than Latvia.
Oh, that'll teach you, you Latvians.
How do you like that?
Among 33 industrialized nations, the US is tied with Hungary, Malta, Poland and Slovakia.
With a death rate of nearly 5 per 1000 babies according to a new report,
Latvia's rate is 6 per 1000, so we just edge them out.
When the wealthiest country in the world, but there are still pockets of our population,
not even a healthcare they need, said Mary Beth Powers.
A reproductive health advisor for the US-based Save the Children,
which compile their rankings based on health data from countries and agencies worldwide.
The US ranking has driven partly by racial and income healthcare disparities.
Among US blacks, there are 9 deaths per 1000 live births,
closer to rates in developing nations and those in the industrialized world.
Every time I see these kind of stats, I'm always amazed to see where the US is because
we're a country that prides itself on having such advanced medical care
and developing new technology and new approaches to treating illnesses.
But at the same time, not everybody has access to those new technologies.
So Dr. Mark Schuster, a ran company researcher and pediatrician
with the University of California LA.
In the aim realization of global infermation mortality,
Japan had the lowest newborn death rate, 1.8 per 1000.
You hear that?
I heard it.
And four countries tied for second place with only 2 per 1000,
the Czech Republic, Finland, Iceland and Norway.
Aha.
Still, it's the impoverations that feel the full breadth of infermation mortality
since they account for 99 percent of the formula annual deaths of babies in the first month,
only about 16,000 of those in the US.
The highest rates globally were in African South Asia,
with newborn rate of 65 out of a thousand live births, death rate,
Liberia ranked the worst.
Oh, brother, don't tell Charlie Taylor that.
He'll never drive again in North Hill, down as it could tell man.
Now, I just got a very official from the state department.
I've been waiting for this announcement.
Joyce Fitz has been added to the list of evil doers.
You know, it was Iraq, Iran and North Africa.
She has been added officially.
Joyce Fitz the bitch that says right on here on the facts has been officially added by the US State Department
to the list of evil doers.
So Joyce, if you're listening, go and yourself accordingly because I think, you know,
I'd be real, real nervous next time I said on the throne.
You know, in the James Bond movie, they had those exploding turrets.
That's right.
Watch out Joyce.
That's right.
It would be coming.
Liz Rick Riley would say, right back at you, if he was on here, which of course he's not.
And that's probably your fault.
Yeah.
I mean, the suds, suds, you talk up a lot and we love him and he's, you know, we like him a lot.
But you never talk up Rick.
Like how come they don't have Rick in suds, you know, or even have them put suds in Rick.
I said that.
Yeah.
And you think they're going to have suds in Rick?
No.
I'll take the answer right now.
No.
They will not.
They want to why because they don't talk about sports.
153 at 560 WQM South Florida's famous for its trade shows.
There's vote shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, Arthur's galore and all kinds of shows.
Now, if you're a trade show, you said it or the only need you need to know is Pubset.
Pubset creates the absolute top of a lot of attention grabbing steel customers from their competition trade show displays.
Call 954-772-772-75 right now.
And Pubset will get you all set for success because when it comes to design printing posters, managers, especially trade show displays, Pubset's been doing the very best in town for 14 years.
Nobody does it better.
Call 954-772-772-75 right now.
Pubset at 954-772-772-75 from design to set up Pubset, can enter all your trade show needs.
And rest assured Pubset will separate you from all the competition.
Don't look second rate because you only get one chance to look great.
Pubset is the smart way, the professional way to go.
Call 954-772-772-75 or go to PubsetSF.com online.
For top-notch design, trade show graphics and displays, Pubset's the way to go.
In fact, I'm only looking to print you on the building along Vixie Highway.
Just know the commercial.
You can check out the Pubset display for Neil Rogers show on our website.
Right at the bottom of our website.
Way scrolled out into the way below and colder and all those other glimps.
Done by Pubset for us.
Call Pubset today 954-772-772-75.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.
You'll pay down.
Neil God.
I believe that we have in my future.
If I keep tabbing on this way.
If I said I'm sober, it was just a lie.
I am so freaking high.
But if it's easier, then go to a meeting.
And see how my name is with me.
I have gotten longer ago.
Smokes upon and get a little girl.
Carrow with an LSD.
Angel Duff said some say, oh, these love wrists will pass and next to see.
I never say that I'll jump free.
Ever touch you or it's you.
They found some kind of me.
You found the greatest drug through all inside of me.
Bye, bye, bye.
