I have heard one mentioned about Kevin Adams.
Yeah, where's he playing?
Smok.
Who was that?
What's that?
What was that about?
Oh, that was an old thing from the worst team when they used to give a base on an answer
to V.M. the spokesman in Viltory.
And I would be standing in control and laughing my ass off.
But nevertheless,
a team that doesn't make a playoff.
So it's one of those things when a season starts just to resign yourself to the fact that they're not going to contend for the playoffs,
including this year.
So when you walk up their next season and hand them the five bucks when you walk up to the arena per person,
the 20 bucks for your family afford just for the honor of walking on the premises,
just remember they won't make the playoffs.
Because they are not playoffs.
It's not in their vocabulary.
It hasn't been for a while.
They've only made the playoffs once since they've been in new building.
You do realize that, don't you?
Yep.
Once.
And only three times in history of the franchise.
Didn't have the Dolphins of Never Made a Super Bowl since they moved either.
Yeah.
Well, there are some franchises living in the distant past.
You know, the panties, the whole reason they exist is because of that one phantom season when they got high at the right time.
The Dolphins are living like 30 some years ago and they are same with Toronto Maple Leafs, man.
Oh, brother.
They suck.
They're standing up in 1967.
I was lucky as a kid.
They won a couple of four times in the 60s and that was the end of that.
That's almost 40 years ago.
Franchise is living in the past.
That'd be a good pull someday.
By the way, Joe Bellis has no rush to fill that two to four.
See that in very scum.
I think they're a jackass.
Yep.
One thing about us, if we want to find out what's going on in the station,
what we got to do is wait till Friday and read Buries Calm.
Find out about Foxy Roxy who is working really hard as if anybody cares.
What kind of a name is that?
Roxy Bernstein besides Jewish.
What kind of a name is that?
Do an University of California basketball and racing back and forth?
He's still squeaky.
But anyway, did you see that thing?
Did you talk about that?
We still know rush to fill the job vacated when Moe left in January.
And also, you see the most important part of that paragraph.
Moe has been filling in his talk host on New York station 1050 AM.
I was not really in the mood to discuss Moe today.
No, I'm not talking about discussing him.
I'm just talking about that two to four.
Oh, it is a fill in?
It's a fill in.
Yeah.
1050.
Well, a great frequency used to be WHA.
And long before that WMGM 1050.
What was that a great station or what?
It's the second sports station in New York now.
With Peter Tripp, the curly head of Kid in the third row,
who almost went to jail, I'm thinking he did go to jail for Peola.
Saw the Alan Friede story over the weekend last weekend.
Wow.
Called the movie.
It was pretty interesting.
I saw that long time ago.
Make sure you're stuck into him, boy.
Yep.
You want to be dying penniless somewhere in California.
So what happens to most of us in this business?
Why not go into the track kicking around those tickets on the ground?
Or the dep射o?
Yeah, that's right.
By the way, my streak is over.
All that wasn't really bad.
I lost 500 bucks.
It's nothing.
I'm just going to be a big fan.
I'm going to be a big fan.
I'm going to be a big fan.
But you know what I'm saying?
That's a, that Alan Friede story.
I mean, he was, if you think about how big that guy was in New York.
Yeah.
Oh.
I mean, everybody listened to that show.
And he hosted all those rock and roll shows.
Right.
That made sure to allow a show.
And that movie, the last one of the Pulcups,
the way they did it, and they caused all this fewer.
That thing was going along great.
The cops came in and created a riot.
Yep.
And that was his last show.
And that was his last gig, too.
They didn't know anybody would hire him.
And he went out to California and kicking around tickets at Santa.
And either somewhere on the floor and on the ground.
He was a stupor, huh?
And he died penniless, poor Alan Friede.
That's what this business will do.
You all do foolish people out there want to get into radio.
Don't do it.
Don't even think about it.
Josh Cordis had a big night at the Bernie Kosois last night
and our fundraiser this year.
And how much he raised?
How much?
Oh.
Oh.
Zero.
That's those keens people, man.
They're the worst.
They're the lowest form of slime on the face of the earth.
I think it's perfect that they brought in Donna Shaleighly to be there.
Right on St. Paddy's Day, who would want somebody named Donna Shaleighly?
Right?
To be the head of the university.
What a slimy place.
Oh, brother.
You can't spell scumb without UM.
I realize it's old and trite, but I got to say it again.
It's true.
Slimy.
In fact, I take an extra shower every day just to wash off the sins from doing those six years
UM baseball.
Oh, brother.
And the alumni.
No, nobody knows students ever showed up today in those baseball games.
We'd have those big crowds, you know?
Thanks to Ron Fraser and his great promotional abilities.
See, that was all BS.
Ron never coached the team.
Skitburpman coached the team.
That's why we hit good teams.
And Ron was the PR guy, which he was very good at.
So we used to have those huge overflow crowds, which they don't have that anymore.
Uh, baseball still draws pretty well.
Not like that.
Not like that, Mr. Henry.
Not like that.
Um.
Those are the days.
I go down there about four or five times a year.
Do you?
Yeah.
That's a good way to spend an afternoon.
Yeah.
And they got good food right now.
You sit here and smell smell like great sausage,
walking.
So I used to sit there last year next to Dave Lamont,
and he was farting so much that couldn't smell the sausage.
They've redone that stadium.
I haven't seen it since they did.
Really?
Yeah.
How they got a special spot for J.
Roe Keaton is pickles.
J. Roe is still there.
Oh, brother.
How sad.
He's going to die in that booth.
Him and Mike Resenthal.
They'll be dying in their respective booth.
So J.
Roe was a basketball game Wednesday night.
When his life story is written, what did you do with your life?
Oh, I was the answer for the Miami Hurricanes baseball team.
Basketball team.
What was the real story with him in the Marlins?
Remember that?
He was a P.A. guy the first couple of years ago.
I remember why.
I think that was just like your deal.
I had something to do with the food.
He was making costs of comments about the food.
I think you were right.
Yeah, I think that had something to do with it.
Yeah.
Don't knock the food there at the P.P. Park.
Meanwhile, you're putting this line to an University of Miami baseball.
Yeah, I enjoyed it.
Like I said, the students didn't show up.
It was the people in the community came out and supported it.
Very few students.
Because it's a fanned to me University.
There are no students.
There's no campus.
There's no dorms.
There's no classes.
I don't think.
Especially for the athletes.
Just sports teams.
Well, your buddy Joe's got to have something to do, you know?
Yeah.
So what's going on with you this weekend?
Well, what do you think?
I guess.
I got a lot of money burning a hole in my pocket.
I couldn't.
I went to yesterday.
I walked in there.
I got a good machine.
It was the one that was open and it gave me a within 200 bucks on the line.
And I played.
I put in a hundred dollar bill and I played in that 100 for two and a half hours.
Now that's, that's good machine.
Never give anything big.
But you know, 200 and other 200.
And just just kept going and going like the Energizer Bunny.
It was pretty, it was pretty entertaining.
So I lost a little bit and went home.
Because I had to try my sure talking noodles.
Oh, how were they?
You know, you don't.
Oh, never mind.
No, they're not that bad.
It's just that they're not.
I know most people wouldn't like them.
Okay.
First of all, you open the little bag.
You drain the water out.
It smells like fish, which I hate fish.
And you drain them off.
Once you wash them off, they're okay.
And then you like a newcomp for a couple of minutes and you pour your sauce and sausage or whatever.
Me falls over it.
And it's, but they're very chewy.
You know, they're okay.
They don't have any taste or any smell, but they're a little on the chewy side.
They're all right.
But I got some dream fields pasta coming eventually here next couple of days,
which supposedly is like regular pasta, but it's very low carb, almost no carbs.
I mean, it's, you make it sound like you're eating flavorless gummy bears.
No, it's a little, it's kind of like that.
That's a pretty good comparison.
That's what it's out of like.
Chewy.
No, you wouldn't like it.
No.
I think it's for goyem.
Well, or maybe just for the Arabs, I don't know, for the Arab street.
Maybe the Arab street would like it.
Yeah, I'm telling you this 30th anniversary thing, this fundraiser that they talked me into.
I didn't want any part of it.
I knew that, you know, enough is enough.
Let's not go there anymore.
And it's just a disaster.
It's just a disaster.
I can't even break 20 grand.
I just, I'm embarrassed by it because I don't want anything to do with it.
Just like Tom Jickey, you know, he shine.
And by the way, your buddy Tom, next time you see him at the track,
just before he threw him over the edge of the roof,
he screwed up on Greg Budell to get that information wrong in his column too.
See, anything that has to do with local is out of his territory now.
Unless it's a pre-fat column about some TV show that's going off the earth in five minutes, he has, is coolest.
What did he have to touch?
What did he write about Greg Budell?
In the Q&A thing, last Sunday, somebody asked him,
whatever happened to Greg Budell.
So he writes that, oh, he's holding his talk show skills.
He's doing a talk show in Alabama.
And he's counting on when Neo-Rajor's retires, he's going to take his spot.
And he was only half kidding when he said it.
Well, I must have talked to Budell like months ago,
because then I get on Monday, I read that,
and I get a couple of emails that he's doing talk show on,
I know he's playing oldies music on 640, on WDJNA, in Palm Beach.
So once again, little Tommy has no clue what's going on in South Florida.
I'm 1200 miles away to Sonny Shiningay,
and I got a much better finger on the pulse of South Florida than Tom Jickey.
He's so out of touch.
Okay.
No, you don't have to say anything.
I know these are all your buddies, I'm always picking up.
You have to say, and I want to, you know,
put a crimp into your friendship just like Dick Stockton.
At least he had a sense of humor.
That was great that day.
That was very funny.
That was very funny.
I bet you Jim Lampley don't have a sense of humor
if you said something about his wife.
I remember Jim Lampley, when he was at ABC,
had that little pot problem when he was at ABC.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was about 30 years ago.
And his wife gets really bad out of shape when he tells her to roll him a joint.
She gets very upset.
I don't know.
His wife doesn't have any hands.
I know.
She has this condition.
She has hands, but they're...
You don't want it.
You really want to explore this any further?
You sure?
I was hoping.
I was hoping you weren't going to go there.
No.
Her finger is a huge ladder.
We'd rather go back to 1050 and Mo.
Well, that's the guy that he's got to have something going on, huh?
Mo.
Something Mo and on.
They allow mom when it's a rating period?
Hey, listen, don't start now.
He's legendary in his own mind.
Make no mistake about it.
Plus, he's got that New Yorkie Jewish sound.
They like him up there until they realize who it is.
Oh, that's Mo, how are you David?
Oh, boy, we shouldn't want to hear him.
Go to the dial, see more.
They're not going to be too happy about that.
Well, listen, have a great weekend.
Yeah, you took your plenty.
You've got all your college hoops.
You've got the Panther Islander game in the background tonight.
It's a big weekend.
Any K of you giving you the over's numbers on the Panther Islander game looks at its
Over at 10 o'clock, he'll be on from Atlantic City.
Boy, you guys who got the life.
Oh, yeah, he's the only one who's going to be able to see the show from Atlantic City.
Yeah, he's the only one.
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't go back to Atlantic City if they gave me 10th.
10 grand in case the gamble.
If I had a pen it there, I wouldn't go there.
I don't think he was all excited about going there.
Now, some fight that he's doing.
Oh, is that it?
Yeah.
Definitely not a place for Jews.
I'll tell you that.
Atlantic City?
No way.
The next town.
Next town.
Next town.
It's a next town.
Next town.
By the way, I got, there's an ad today that's pretty horrifying on page 68 of the entertainment
section of the Sun Sentinel before you go.
Yeah.
Boca's new smash hit supper club.
Five guys named Mo.
Oh, wow.
Now play.
I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
You know, I'm going to play with the Dr. Dory.
Don't be afraid.
Step right up there and send it in.
I'm ready.
I'll still away go.
You too.
,ologna potsoo, pc all عليه nod speeds up millions of Brahms from her mouth.
Come on o coffee, Play 2012 Gangsta schooly through talkies.
Good luck to all of us.
Try the you
first aid
They'll be coming down to heaven or punts in pate say
I'll
Correct the party. Hey wish I'll accrust the USA
What do you call her? What is this idea?
The scryon valley who there's a bunch of queers again this year who say that I wish to oh god
Love the ae wish and let's first your game. Yeah, if you are you won't be margin a punts in pate say you can be a bum
I'm a puppet of some sort and that's okay, but you can't be a you wish if you're gay
Now you're our high-firing ins for feminine says three have delivered this pronouncements upon the blessed day
Sure a little bit half-favent fall and nestled in the sea
Much of going straight to help a homeless sexuality
Welcome to the ae wish as long as never been except
Perhaps the last of the cards we've never been sure of that you can be seen in drunken herl and terms will laugh it all away
But you can't be a you should go gay
No, you can't be a you should be don't even try be an ae wish if you be
Hey happy Saint Patty's day. I do
Drunks
I'm just just talking about Irish either. I mean just this is right excuse for people to get drunk
Saint Patty that's right
742 votes on today's pool before we get anything else don't worry about the sure talking noodles
Okay, some of you will like them and some of you say oh fat. I'm here that echo again
And I'm getting pretty tired. How about now?
Yeah, is that gone? Yeah, it's gone now. Why don't we keep doing that all week? Is this our first week on the air or what?
Just maybe our last week, huh? Just the mess with you. I think not seriously. It's getting really annoying you just
Cut the crap. What was that? I just kept your return on there. Well cut it out
And look at that we're doing this demographic pool which we already are if we had any audience
We already had about three four thousand votes on her because I realized it's only a snapshot of the whole audience, you know about half
But Christ almighty what's the story with these people that you are so lethargic
Just never saw a place that was like so dead and look at that
We got no the only category left that we have nobody on there yet in our demographic survey
Which we we haven't done this in about three years
Hispanic white female 55 plus we got no old Juliet and old green tutulietta come on
No, they're watching the show from Alita come on Celia Cruz. I went no none zero. They're all with Arario Mambe and Arario
C.M.I. Cool and all this other crap yet with it speaking in glazing give it a program. We can place
So our total for abandoned pet rescue with our
Pain with our CDs and T-shirts. I I looked out to you CD here
I'm gonna read some of the privacy on there to try to like goose up a little business. I
18,000 to seventy five now. That's
Well, when did we officially start this two and a half weeks ago?
Did we start it on the I don't know on your anniversary on the March 1st? Right, so today's is 17
So that means like two and a half weeks this thing's been going on
Mm-hmm, and we got less than 20 grand and that's not very really uplifting to me
Okay, we're disconcerting
Almost as this concerning the fact that it's already 1014
This is a time a year
Would everyone's a wee bit higher this say Colleen would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me?
It waxed my shell
Now that I would my departure
If you be wet in the green
Oh, there's a smart lassie
She's making sure her lad is wearing the Kelly green protection of left for a condom
Don't be with an alcoholic
Clover I'll fall in for the gift of gab
Especially if you're planning on kissing some blind stones
What have you be doublet in your protection with different condoms?
They're strong enough for a man, but I like them too
So take yourself a different condom and your work be kitchen anything else
Happy shame Patty's day
That's asked to hop her about the green bagels. I guess we don't get those at QAM right that was at IOD
We haven't ever here now
Now cuz I already know at least I would do you had a couple of Jews working there now
I do only Jews we got a mistake now the ones on the air 10.19 a QAM
Here's the fact that says thank you so much for posting link to 9.11 loose change addition to
Everybody must watch that if you got an IQ larger than your thumbnail
Larger than a hang nail
Since I'd love to rent a theater have a showing for locals who knows maybe I can find the books to do so that would be great
All the way out I have it like on TV everybody ought to be
Courses sit down watch fair night and I love it and then loose change part two and a Pentagon strike and all of these all of these
Things but they won't and they don't because they're busy. So anyway those noodles
Yeah, I don't know I tried to convince myself that they were good. They weren't bad
They were edible and I put my sauce on there my low-carves sauce and the good news is my blood sugar actually went down
Half hour after I did then what kind of like back up to where it started which is okay and
And it didn't seem to have like any impact on my blood sugar because they're virtually zero carbs. No, that part of it's good
My suggestion is wash it off real good and nuke it for three or four minutes and then for your stuff over it
And don't you don't even use the whole bag
I use a half a bag in other words as kind of like a filler to your sauce and your sausages and maybe some
Mushroom yeah, then some fillers all of the sliced black olives of it stuff like that and
Then I'm gonna try to day like melting some cheese on it
Yeah, I always big on melting cheese and pasta. I love that
Like I told you I could even take a can of Frank who American spaghetti, which is real garbage
It's no this is me
You're in a right mood and you like take a slice of swiss cheese and you jam it in here and you nuke it in all melt
Oh, if you're the right mood like starving and you're gonna die
You're gonna die. That's really depressed
If Gildi was on here that day. Oh, he's on here today. Oh geez
Yeah, let's look at that schedule
We got Gildi at the end of center with two o'clock this afternoon. I cost you a hundred bucks to walk up and say hi to him
Mad dog at conines for the 630 by the way, I want you to be sure and get over there and buy a bunch of stuff because
Josh Cordis will be there and if he doesn't raise more than oh, I'm canceling all food to checks
Even if he has to put up 20 bucks himself pants are peve with 630 panthers host the islanders 7 or 5 tonight
Well, I said big game for the islanders anyway and any came from a landing city follows panthers hockey any interest no in those panthers no
So you're gonna be out of cone on some shooting you better needed down there at Bernie steak on cozard
I'm sure of it and one guy did show up, but he forgot his cash. Yeah
What do you want to do? Come back buddy? He said he was coming back. Yeah, I always say that mm-hmm
So is a general MacArthur he's coming back. I shall return or you're not done get lost
Before anything else waits in here this it shows you the Democrats how they just misread everything
They're just just a bunch of spineless cowards. They don't even know what's going on
And also your guy new hero Lou dobs idiot
Yeah, what is this man thinking as he lost his mind?
Rust find roll well guess what a new poll finds that a plurality of Americans favor plans to censure George W
Bush while surprising 42% favor most actually impeach your president
How do you like that? I like it a lot a poll taken March 15th
That sounds like two days ago by American research group found that among all adults
46% favor rust find goals played a censure out presently while just 44% opposed a proof of the plan grows slightly when the sample is narrowed
of voters up to 48% in favor of censuring the sitting president even more shocking
Oh my god, is that just 57% of Republicans are opposed to the move 14% still on the side of 29% actually in favor
fully 70% of Democrats want to see Bush censured most surprising of all
The poll found fully 43% of voters in favor of actually impeaching the president would just 50% of voters imposed
While only 18% of Republicans want to see Bush impeached 61% of Democrats and 47% of independence reported
They wanted to see the house move ahead with the Kanye's resolution
The poll was taken March 13 to 15 Monday through a Wednesday. I like that right during Purim no less
Probably a Jew thing
So there you go
Okay, here's our poll from yesterday. What simply doesn't mix not a bad poll. Thanks Sean come up with something good for a change
1625 votes
Fundraisers in the show should have been on that would have been number one I devoted for it 4,000 times not doing that no more
It's getting me very aggravated
Just creeping along of course you're forgetting about a lot of the stuff like it IOD Camilla South said their own mailing list
Remember that that's right, and so we get I get all every day we get like a whole physical a check
You know a couple thousand right 100 plus the money was coming in from the
Appearances and stuff right
First of all, of course, I was being donated internally by everybody and I'm not doing that
I don't want to like put any muscle on anybody because it's just it's just not right. I didn't want to do this in the first place
I don't want it. Okay, I don't want it
Leave me alone
What simply doesn't mix church in state 501 George Bush in the White House 320 Jews and Arabs
155 they're still killing each other until I get it right old parts in driving 133 black folks in movie theaters
123 sex and potty 123 money and friendship 55 of it's a bad mix
Just keep your money in your pocket said like to remain your friend. I'm not giving you a dime
Even if you're gonna starve it a rather be your friend and watch you eat
South Florida and hockey 35 of bad mix just stupid business and families got
Guns and bull is 25 dolphins and the Super Bowl 17 sex and food 16 love and marriage 15
Neil Rogers show in phone calls 13 which we don't have any at the moment. That's probably just as well
Radio and dumb jox 12. Oh, Jay
Cubans and Democrats 10 high school and military recruiter six panthers into playoffs for and old parts and movie theaters too
Well, I must have a bad memory. Maybe they just don't go to the movie theaters with the old parts are talking out loud
Oh, yeah repeating the dial
He's gonna say I had dirt road. He's gonna say oh, I just a shopping I had it was I
Yeah, or whatever
Ben Burry Jackass writes this is just amazing. I just I don't get it. Do you get it?
Get what the way they're just dragging their heels on this thing?
I don't have any schedule for the white clearance. No, I don't either might be up on the board
But I don't have we don't got no schedule. Well, maybe they're still deciding about that too
QM general manager Joe Bell said there's no rush to fill the job vacated with how it's divided
They
Left in January after being informed this contract would not be renewed. It's still wide open
He said well, isn't that great? It's only March 17th, Wednesday and Paddy's day
That would be good pull to take by what holiday will we have the two-to-four slot field fourth in July?
Mayday
Labor Day
Stukas
Bell named four internal candidates Orlando, El Zaguerre rock solid Steve Geldstein
Kim Boble camper and Curtis Stevenson and it's considering unspecified external options as well
External options those are various words external
Meanwhile Mojave David's been filling in the Zotalk coast on New York station 1050 and that's not the fan
That's the secondary sports talk station in New York. Of course goes on saying well
There you go, Mo best
We'd like you a sweetheart and happy forum too. We sure miss him. Don't we guys a coconut like when they took
600 pound tumor off your back same kind of thing
So used to having it there you miss it badly
Okay, well, we get to that demographic survey how are we gonna do that?
Now do we find did we find to get an old us?
Spicette no we got freeway no spigot
Hispanic white female 55 plus we got infected equals what Josh took in at Bernie Kosar's last night. Oh
Zeddo
Unsensit is the and some of those saying folks even have an Irish name
But one man in particular who really is quite wild
God let his last name for your folks is not from the Emerald
He don't like wearing green. Yeah, let go out with a lass who's under age 15
I'm telling the address is just a slimy punk and I was a thing silent when they're listening to fun
In case it didn't move
That's because real Irishman got call each other bro
That's because real Irishman got call each other
You
Legalized our starfish in the United States. There's the Irish
Aher and Bush's
Stabilist to realize for themselves and Bush's
Alfredi Newman looked at the old says and it's like you're gonna shut up already
Like lucky Irish people. Huh? He sounds like lucky
Challenge to live together to live together and at Irish brodman. It just this sends me right to the turlid
Anyway, our best I'm gonna give one plug and then I'm just to wash my hands of it. You know, what am I gonna do about this?
560 Q.A.M. You better know your laws, Mr
The bridge tender was saying it's a picture of me on the front. It's the artwork is great
I'm stomping on the grave of the bridge tender and the bridge tender is even as it looks like most must-read as on top of the
Tombstone it's a pain of visiting
I see and the hand of the bridge tenders reaching up out of the grave
You better know your laws, Mr. Kazusha or Doma. Anyway, here's some of the stuff that's on her young Neil old Neil the bridge tender
Farm out dolphins on since we can't I beg your pardon that's the uncensored version too. Wow kisser butt
Dwayne's stomp
The
River King wigs out sitting on a bench in Delray big black guy named Benny bonus graduate M and Nima
Cowboy dis ice cream to move the door to Geltie
Puffy on a millionaire show that's where
I'm from you did want it Dickens cider
F.U. America
He's a man ticket lady Donald Duck feels good. That was your original name. I have no idea why you changed it just to make it dirtier
The F.C. C. and D. C. song I hate Q.A.M. Jesus Land or that's one of my very favorites. I'm gonna have to play that
Joe's peshy Tourette's PSA uncensored if I only had a
miss
Down on my knees low some faggot
Moe is leaving oh what a dyke tank bagpipes is on there. Well that's your place. Oh here it again. Uh-huh mr. Mole man
Whose deck is bigger bush fights on wonder jock
Uh make me doi and thanks for the memory. There's a great stuff on there
It's uncensored no less. Well again contains adult language and themes not suitable for children the warnings right there in the bottom
So in big big letters so if you can read
Just to don't have like little kids out of the age of five listening to it
So we're doing our annual well we haven't done it like I said in three years
We should be doing it more often keep in touch with our fading audience
Probably most of the audience is dead by now
Our annual demographic survey which are you and then we've got the uh do I really want to read this whole thing?
I don't think so that would be really boring
Even to me it's boring 841 people are checked in so far you got the whole weekend to do it
So far the overwhelming majority of our audience is male 2554 which of course is exactly what we want right all right thank god for that
Yeah, thank the lord
non-Hispanic white male 25 to 54 53% 449
Non-Hispanic white male 55 plus old parts like me 131
15.5% Hispanic white male 25 54 85
But females we ain't got them now white non-Hispanic white females 25
555 before we got a few 41 but after that you got to really look for the females
Right i'll start there look for them women. Yeah
I mean looking and looking and looking a native American that we got six males and four females
I didn't break down like black and the likes are making and Haitian and African American and Canadian African
I know and I certainly didn't break down native American by age because I'm gonna. We got ten right well
I mean you know we'll take ten engines. That's fine. We love them
Uh Hispanic white female 2554 for let's see let's see about under 25 non-Hispanic white male under 25 21
white
punk 21 and Hispanic male 25 14 that's not too bad
But young well young feet look at this non-Hispanic white female under 251 one white chick under 25
Hey like that
Black female under 251 one dark chick
Boy but we still old and of course the old holy etsa might be listening they don't have no computer anyway
You think that might be the excuse that we have none out of even the 52 votes
Hispanic white female 55 plus they hate me like they hate us they hate you especially you sell out you uh turn coat
Yeah, you speak
Soft hating well I like them
No, you know old holy etsa is like your mother you mean?
No, not the old who you know well we're talking 55 plus old man old ancient even tool for you
WQ I am hello
Damn try to get old Neil Rogers speaking
How you doing okay? Okay, how did the noodles that you were talking about yeah?
You should try to cook them what is egg in there?
Put a little water in your pot
They're for an egg in there. I cooked it that way and then put some sausage in there
There are five things to hold on different. Okay
Okay, you have great day thank you too
Thanks put a little egg in you sure talking noodles. I'll try that
I'm gonna I'm gonna scrimmer with it this weekend because I got like nine more bags of it in there. Oh right
I don't know I'm waiting for uh, no, it's not bad
But it certainly isn't gonna like revolutionize people's taste because most of you aren't gonna like it
I'm not gonna lie to you. Well, I have no vested interest if I did I would lie to you. You know if they want to pay me but
Just a lie to you this could a hell of it. What would a game by that?
No, this greenfield stuff it ever shows up if they ever return my email
I'm gonna start wonder about that
Anybody out there ever try that dream fields low carb pasta
There's I got that coming to
56705 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. I'm in the mood for 4,000 calls today
You know just in one of those strange moves I got to hear up my back home knows
70 Q a.m. Hello
And you weigh in
Yes, hey just
The late of your noodles. I was thinking also did I say you could boil them because that might take some of the bad flavor up
Yeah, maybe I'll speak better than mushy like any microwave
Okay, I'll give it a good see doesn't give it I didn't say there was any better. Isn't any bad taste
It's that it has no taste delicious, but no taste then but there it's chewy and slippery
You know what I mean? It's they don't taste like real uh, well, which they're not they're not real low-pasta
You know, so I guess you know I think the second time I try today
I'm gonna like do a little cheese number in there. You ever do a little
Little cheese number. I think I did one this morning
Anyway, 56705 60 you know the rest
Somebody Q a.m. Hello
This is a fake Ron that that it
That was it that was very that was wow maybe even worse than the one of the day how they're doing fake Ron's
Well you few people are so original man. It just scares that it makes me so pleased that I'm out there
You can't even imagine. Oh, yeah, there are no words to describe how ecstatic I am that I'm almost never there
Oh look at that. I would like that call so much I put them on hold. Dominic Q a.m. Hello
Yes, the WQ a.m. Yes noodles line
Yeah, the Drain Shields pasta is excellent. You can get it a public down here in South Florida. Are you serious? Oh, yeah
No, I get it all the time and it's got almost no carbs in it
Yes, it's wonderful
Well, I got some order. I hope tell us shows up before I croak
Thanks for the good news, Pally. Okay. Thank you
They've got some and that stuff is made with a special process. I've been reading about it
At least let's they're what they claim
That blocks most of the carbs, but it looks in it's like regular pasta
It's not this like stuff this make believe stuff in a smelly bag like this you're attacking noodle stuff
I mean you open that thing up and oh
And especially you don't like fish like I can't stand this remember how many times have I talked about that that like an open-air market like
Oh god, I start like throwing up in my mouth a little bit
Can't stand it. Do we have any old huli etta? I'm gonna keep I'm gonna keep looking at that. I don't care about the other numbers on there
It's just a no let's just get one
Oh, there's got to be some old huli old lady with a sense of humor come on
Yeah, what's wrong with you old
Spicks god Hispanic white female 50 per plus none although he's loved these other ones too
Especially in the female categories. We ain't got no women. That's just the way that is yeah, talk
Now ask me if I care
Rider you bastard
It's late at night. You're fast asleep and I shut away figure is about to break into your home
What's your own protectors?
Yeah, it's the James Brown home security alarm
The heart is working along in the safety of business
Designed by the godfather of home protection himself
The games Brown alarm protects you from burglar
Bandos
And if you act now will include it no extra cost the patented James Brown
Pass far along
So put the sole patrol on your keyhole
With a James Brown home security system
You'll say
Okay, so here's the deal what we're doing for our
Fun ways of today 11 to one 11 minutes and 15 14 minutes 11 a into one PM. Well, he's already there. He just called me
Okay, well just tone it down a couple of notch in that
You wanted me to be excited, you know, no, not on the Friday. Oh, well, he's there Monday
Monday, we need to be excited to get it. No, by Friday we wind it down a little bit. Okay, just relax
Tonit back a couple of notches, please. Hey, it is a holiday for me today. Why is that?
Be is Irishish. I'll be boosting it up later. Well
Public parking lot for Hollywood young circle
No, so in other words it takes a holiday for you to be boosting it upright like any day
This punk 11 to 1 day of van
It'll be at the public's parking lot Hollywood young circle
And then today tomorrow on Sunday 4 to 638 Kona in grill at 5181 Sherwin in street in Hollywood
And Josh will be drinking up a storm there and probably given away the damn CDs and T-shirts
I don't know about that. Well, since you're so proud to be an Irish Mr. Hotshot, let me pass this along with you
New York City's first openly gay city council leader said she's boycotting the St. Patti's Day parade because
Organizer's barred Irish gays and lesbians from joining the festivities for a 16th straight year. How do you like that? Yeah, just like that bit we play
Anybody can be Irish unless of course you're gay. I can't deny who I am in any given days. If council speaker Christine Quinn
The mighty Quinn wonder if she's kind of Pat Quinn. He's gonna get canned
She said she'll attend several pre-prayed breakfast along with mass at St. Patti's Cathedral
But will not join 150,000 marchers today on Fifth Avenue
Quinn took office in January said the tension said brokering a deal with the ancient order of hybrians. Oh brother hyperburnians
I know
The ancient order of hybranians for the
45th parade fell through the city's Irish gays had long hoped to march behind their own banner like other groups
Now, the words you think I can't read now is that what you're trying to tell me I know the hybranians way back way
Your visions go blurry from all my vision is fine. I can see it
I see it real clear, you know when it shows up. I see it
The fight to let Irish gays march out of their own banner dates to 1991 for when parade organizers first rejected the application from the Irish lesbian and gay organization
I didn't even know there wasn't Irish lesbian and gay organization. There is no the organizers said they wanted to keep politics out of the event
Which attracts as many as too many inspectators
Well, this is Irish they always like their taters
Instead 35 members marched with the Manhattan division of the hybranians and then mayor David Dinkins
The group was sprayed with beer and insults as it walked up Fifth Avenue. That was its last appearance in the parade
Yeah, the Irish hate it when you spray that with beer
Mayor Michael Bloomberg who marched today again urge the hybranians to change their stance and leave the gay contingent in
I've always believed this is a city where all perage should be open to everybody orientation
In general should not be deciding thing said Bloomberg. He also said oh like that just like that
He leaves me limp man. He's got he can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have any
He's his boring is old
spilt milk
The arena for the first round NCAA men's tournament game between Alabama and Marquette was temporarily evacuated yesterday after bomb-stiffing dogs
Tought a suspicious package about two hours before tip-off
The dogs detected the package inside a four by inch condom and container in a vendor cart outside Cox arena at San Diego State University
A bomb robot was sent to the scene FBI spokeswoman Jan Calwell said
CBS news learned that the all-clearity arena took place less than two hours before tip-off
Fans began filing in 40 minutes before the rescheduled tip-off Marquette players were the first to take the floor who cares about that
No bomb was found well, I guess what it was actually true not to be like a bad weenie
Is what it was
Did we see dogs sniffing a bad weenie? I'll talk now. I know just this one
That's what it was so there was a bad weenie in the vending cart in the dogs sniff that I was just probably good
Probably say it somebody food poisoning. There was no bomb no terrorist
So I'm not going to panic or anything like that you understand
I'm still not getting no return email from my friends at what is it dream works dream fields dream my dream on dream on Randy
Then that bug you when you email somebody just wait and wait and wait and then when you least expect it
You get a response or not. We're okay. I'm gonna have to call them at two o'clock. Just bitch them out
I might do it doing during the next break call up and say where's my damn pasta damn it and now that the guy called and said it's really good stuff
Maybe I'm going to fight it in my supermarket instead of wasting my time although I have bought three things this week online
Order them all on Sunday and Monday and they're all here
That nice. That's great stuff. I say shows up. I like that business fine stuff online
Call me new-fanshamed
Not a little funny dirty like some people all I don't know nothing about computers. That's it. That's just based my bloodboard
I don't get it. Why not? Why not come into the 21st century here my change come into the 20th century
We still have no old hoodieettes
They they're you know something they're out there. They just they probably got a 15 computer sitting around
They're just doing it to piss me off and they're succeeding which they always do
Come on Easter come on Easter Maricone come on Easter Bugarone
My you know that crap
Who the hell you kidding you old bags all just like your mother
Oh, yeah, somebody Q a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah, happy safe out. He's there. I drug this a good already. Okay good
Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Yeah, we've been at one of the oh god
Dominic you weigh in hello
I got three personal Albeys
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil, I think I've got an answer to that dog sniffing incident over there in San Diego. I'll go okay good go tell it to somebody
567 05 60
pound 560 the Verizon singular wireless line like I said I'm in mood for a hundred thousand calls today
You'll see it's gonna be special like line nine Josh is a person like Q a.m.
Yeah, there we are
fake Eddie you got to work on that a lot and I'm sure he is this guy sounds like he's like doing it 24 or 7 and the Eddie
imitation too
Somebody Q a.m. Eddie line hello
Somebody Q a.m.
So that now that sounded like a slap over from the last one didn't it wow Q a.m.
Yeah, huh he won't Dominic Q a.m. Hello
Any news today on the king of all media oh
brother
Who was that blind Mike?
That might have been blind. It might have been no
He's not a nice speaker.
Yeah, huh nobody now now even FM QB ain't got nothing then that that was the interesting thing about that
Hatsi job yesterday it was on the FM QB website was there they got their head so far of powers
But that it's coming out his earlobes so for them to do like a slice job on that and it like do all that open Anthony stuff
That was pretty amazing and I look to see if there was a follow up and no no denial
Wtq a.m. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to have a chronic off. No
Wtq a.m. Hello
I was wondering when the band when
Maybe I'm gonna be the police on your young sir. I wanted to make it to the patient 11 to 1
11 to 1
Perfect I'm gonna be in that area. Excellent
Great. Bring a lot of bring a lot of cash on bringing lots of it. I'm just coming from the bank
Where I just got spanked by a kid a little kid for no reason
Some two nothing hit me while I was online at the bank. Well, good
Yeah, I can't believe it. That's the floor to FM way. Okay. Thanks. We're all right. Bye. Bye
Some Q came up and spanked right on the old recto. We probably enjoyed it and knock it out
Just bring us a lot of cash. Okay, no we're about to all that other Shvina Rye
5 6 7 0 5 60
Count 5 60 and they've written in singular wireless line. You know the words that come out of my mouth and I have no idea where they came from
That's good. I like that. Sure they're obvious. It's spontaneous. The stream of unconsciousness
918 tallies there already. It's not really votes tallies check ins. Tally. That's the whole audience, I think and no old
We still got the big shadow there by that old
You know if we go the whole weekend and there's not one I'm gonna conduct an investigation
I'm gonna get Rammel and towel Sanchez to go and investigate knocking on those
Go through the dominoe parks see what those old bags are doing
Radio Mambi and radio whatever. What's the other one?
Kubernetes. Yes, I will. I'll follow my name. Whatever that crap is there's in there
And of course they get a real good perspective on what life is all about. What's going on in the world
From the far right
WQAM. Hello. Yeah, sir great calls this morning. I must be that typical same fatty spot
Hey listen last week you did a poll or we could so go about a poll about
Women fantasizing or something like to fantasize about no, we didn't
Somebody QAM. Hello
QAM
QAM
Line stranger
WQAM. Hello
Not there mark that down line one malfunction
Somebody QAM. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
One there. So go ahead
Oh, shoot. Did you I used to come down here in the 70s you were talking about
What's his name Larry King in the track? Did you know that he used to be on the show called Race to Riches?
There was a contestant show and they play
Films of races and the contestants with Equipment Horse one and he was the he was the host of that show really
You never saw that never never heard you know
I'm gonna do it that and then to do it that and then to do it that
He did
I was I saw him at pumper Nick's and I was back in the 70s. I thought he would have a beast. I don't have a bowl spot
Okay, well, that's so pretty interesting little Larry King trippy there. Where you say?
I didn't know that was that was special that is great radio. I agree
You got it Larry. You got your thumb right on it. It's not those suspenders one more time for it. That's a good one
Our annual demographic survey which are you and we got all the demos and all the categories and flows and flows and honkies and whatever
All on there for ages and we still got an old hoodie at the
You don't tell me your mama don't listen. She does it
Good thank God for that here. If he heard you ripping her an ass. She knows
People well they're worst one of the worst things I can imagine is somebody going on here and ripping their mother
Yeah, who would do that? He's a Neil Roger
This is 5.62
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
I wish it costs it's a past day we're getting real tipsy concepts
They passed eight and everybody's wearing green because it's in past day
I'm in the pub
I asked another round because you don't want to talk and he's a corn thief
My parents are Irish grub. They have to say it's come let's get some or no
You can find me on the team. What's your current green color? They said the work done here at 1915
Two is a morning and I'm gonna leave. I'll pick until I leave on March 17
Don't try to ask my career really all year today neither
If you worry you'd be in the pub all the time
Just wonder off the ladder
But first what you see is some kindness that my mother plays
And if you're treated making a double
It's 11 o'clock at 5.62 W.F. we got guilty much much too much guilty lately
Especially this week man way too much guilty Joe way way too much. Oh god. Give us a break already
I just they're still can't get over that very jackass
But like we said the other day we don't care. You know, we're just the here to do the rest we can under impossible circumstances
Now I got this whole I got a stack of pretty good stuff here
But I don't I don't really feel like doing it today, you know, you know, we don't save it till tomorrow
No, I just don't because the calls are coming pouring in
What what do you like what are you chuffing about?
I told myself a funny hyper
God
Gay versus Muslim soccer said in Netherlands
I've heard about that this morning
A Dutch multi-culture group is organizing a soccer tournament between gays and Muslims
Hoping to counter what a study published yesterday who said was a rising tide of fear among gays
A nationwide survey by the police research academy in
Netherlands said that most gays question feel unsafe and report to experience verbal attacks in the last year
You fairy
Of the 776 home also responded to an internet questionnaire 80% said they believe their safety was threatened at some time during the year said
Academy director Fritz V
Black V Black
Who commissioned the research only 2% said they were physically assaulted black said in interview but some 40% claim they've been sold or verbally abused you
Fairy youths from a rocket and Turkish backgrounds often were blamed for the instance while I figures
The cause homosexuality is not widely accepted many Muslim cultures. Well, thank God. It says no Muslim homos
Parts of the Muslim community still resist homosexuality. We see a little education about it. He said
Muslim gays tension is the theme of the soccer tournament organized by the institute of multicultural development
And always are an organizer with a group says you hope the competition will help ease those tensions so that people can openly talk about homosexuality
Game Muslims can take their choice of teams. She said people have many identities
A Latin team along with the team of a well-Latin team now to be an overflow crowd for that one along with the team of all women players
There's also been a several for the government sponsored competition
A Latina team of homos
Of which are only what how many million
Just in the Netherlands
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular right. I was fine. How we do not hear it published baby
Now, let's see our goal today 1725 bucks to get to 20,000
I don't hear a response and what do you want to give me updates like every break or how's this working?
We're not doing that anymore. Whatever you want. I didn't think we yeah
I thought last time we didn't want to do it and you really took me seriously on that
That's what makes it exciting. Okay. Keep calling every break roly
Yeah, makes it exciting roly-poly come on every break. We won an update. Why did he call you yet? He just called me when he got there
Well, he's been there for one. I've been there for about 15 20 minutes
And so the people ought to be lined up published parking lot into Hollywood young circle man
I'm a real circle of Hollywood people used to cruise around that circle cruise and cruise late at night
Yeah, they're redoing the whole thing there though. Are they really well? That's because we don't want to work cruise non-air
Like Tom Cruise you ferry somebody Q a.m. Hello
Hey, good morning. You know, you're happy hippie anniversary and I want to say thanks for the
Who's changed thing on the internet site? Well, there's at least 10 people. Let's all right. That's good
Pretty scary stuff, huh? A couple more things
I'd remind George and the other guy of what happened to the birds. They seem to be getting a little sarcastic. Yeah, uh-huh
and uh
How I knew that was one of these voices. How are you able to um
Do the time on a delay when you give the time
How am I about to give the time delay? What does that mean? No, when you say it's 10 minutes after 11
Yeah, and you're on a 15 second delay. We have a special clock
Yeah, I don't think we've been given the seconds all or we'll start doing that pretty soon
I'll use the second hand and my nice citizen watch. I have a time machine at the end
30 seconds in the future
Yeah, that was from across the street by the way
Mm-hmm. 70 Q.Y.M. Hello
Neil I could smell it. Yes, sir. Yeah, excuse me. I just cut out the dentist my roommate wanted me to call and say
three old Chinese Italian
Chinese ale
They look like a variation
Hmm
But
We both want to see these we both love it
He's in mind we've got the best of TVs all the way back from 92
Excellent. I believe in the paper chin's up
560 7505 60 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line
I was gonna I was gonna email that to Bob blobbo to last it
You know because he's got a good sense of humor in spite of all of his uh for veils
He's got to have but I that would have been that would have been bad when it keep your chin's up
Yeah, what it is first. I don't know how much weight he's lost since he said all these uh. Oh hope a lot
See that's the great thing man. I'm down to 190 man on that scale because of course
Yes, it was a part partial wood bindings that really doesn't count
But that pasta bostola pasta. It's not that bad. I don't know why you keep ripping it
That sure tacky place. I guarantee you I guarantee you wouldn't need it
Just what you say. I mean, I'm just telling you wouldn't eat it
All right, you eat that cup of noodles crap. That's a that's my little math. Okay. Oh, this is far superior to that
Especially if you do like that guy said before maybe like you know boil it a little bit with an egg
Maybe put a little butter in there a little garlic and butter hmm
But they're chewy. It's not it's not what you're expecting when you bite into a noodle, you know what I mean
Sometimes you put thing in your something in your mouth you're expected to have a certain texture and consistency
And then it does not you know, what's that you know like that? Let's write sure you've had that experience. No
I know I have WQIM. Hello. I'm project good. WQIM. Hello
Well, you know, I'd be pissed off
Yeah
Uh, we're talking about for off and time a couple weeks ago
Uh, I just want to ask come to that they will rip still Clinton at any chance they can and call him a liar
Yeah, but they're extremely hesitant to rip W
And what really was the icing on the cake while I really don't look them anymore is
Now we don't know if you you you call me with this a couple weeks ago with the same song at a dance about Bob and Tom
No, oh somebody else is calling you, but I just want to add to it. He did a live remote from the Bahamas
Yeah, you're talking about how great the food and the service was in the Bahamas there
Like I said, I can't stand Bob and Tom they got some funny bits, but they don't do them anyway
5 6 7 0 5 6 in the other word nothing worse than somebody's got funny bits and doesn't do them themselves
Tom fires just I think Verizon and singular wireless lines
Yeah, well, we got such a big staff on the show, you know by the way check in that you'll be giving a check
One of these days not not too soon when it's due
Well, he gets off you know, I don't want to start getting like a few medications from you via him and with the other way around
Oh, you never
Well good. I hope he's really flush. Should I'm saying flush
He's flush some of these bits lately although I do like uh
What are you gonna do about it you fairy? Yeah
They said
Dominic you way in hello
Tomorrow at four to six thirty at the
Code Island's grill fifty-one anyone sure in the street Hollywood
Okay, I don't know if Josh can probably have five minutes shape or not
Okay, he's checking it out. Where are he? He's not he's not working on his
He said he had a nice shape for his
And he likes your pecs
five six seven oh five sixty
That that that was one of the classic lines I can tell if the guys in good shape. All right, it's just
I might want to go jogging with the guy get out of here good shape my ass come on come on good
Oh, you're between the two of you, man. It's just a lot of right. It's a panic. Oh, no, we don't know
We know we know look we know who cares
What you think on their mind?
Getting you to admit that your guest is there all of you. Oh, yeah, I'm working on it. I know
Let's slow slow slow take take this how we doing with that old who yet? Let me take a look none
983 people have checked it on there. It'll be up all weekend so we can get up to about like 40,000
I think somebody should drive their grandma to the computer
15 male 55 plus none. No, I think it's more
prestigious this way. I think so that when we get the first one it'll be like
We like look at there some guy in New York
Walk in a uh women gamblers walking a mint pin or some chick in New York unless it's a guy we're really long here
No, it's women. We're just a chick. No man would have a mint pin
No straight man would have a mint. Well, that's what I meant. Oh women gamblers. I mean
Like there's something novel about that CNN obsessed with women gamblers my god you go into a casino like right
I say they just discovered that uh that there are more than they thought there were oh, I see wow
So I'll let the we thought because we don't
Hello
I think bitches are Litemen Yau browser wanted to play two or three machines at the same time. You've won
It's crowded. Those women. Uh-huh, I got a message for them
flaps & QION Hello published
Yes, sir
a couple months ago
like was it six years old or have it your radio shot? Yeah
Yeah, keep that. I caught like the the ass. That's it. There and I thought it was really funny. I
was about to ask and well watch that. Then do that again. Man a lot of stuff going around. Okay,
young me or you got it man. Oh, I could. Yeah, or nearly I wouldn't play that but I'm
in such a good mood today. That's on the really head pretty. Huh? It's on the disc so you
can make a problem. I'm going to play it off of there. God be terrified to play anything
off that disc. It's going to go thing. I'm out stuff on. Definitely be afraid. I would
be in a trade out once and we'd be out of business. I'll tell you that right now. How we doing
with that survey pretty soon we're going to have a thousand people have checked in on
there. We want to be impressive. That's a whole audience of course. 986. We better have
over by the time we come back from this break that it would be over a thousand people
on air. I'm going to be really parked off 987. Look at that there. They're checking on
there by the ones and look at the other categories. They're like non-Hispanic white female
under 25. One. The all white chick. One. Asian female 25 to 54. One. Asian male under 25.
Two. I'm only going to read the ones with zero. One and two. Asian male under 25. Two. His
panic white female under 25. Two. So I meant a dose. Black female under 25. Two. Well we
know they're not listening here. That's for damn sure. Black female 55 plus old black ladies
two. Like anti-omama. Asian female under 25. Only two. So I meant they do. Well you know
it's we got our niche man said 25 to 54. Thank God our bonuses are based on that even though
we'll never get another one. But right. At least it gives us a little a little ray of hope.
You know what I'm saying? If you're really hungry right now head for a feast for lunch at John
the Baker. I mean. Rogers program on 1240 WGVA. Here again America's youngest dog show host
six year old Neil Rogers. Okay I just forgot male and there's four minutes left in
me hour. Let's take some calls. Oh yeah. Hello. Yeah Neil how's it going? Great. That's
good. Well I can't film my subscriptions at a Rochester Democrat in Chronicle. Of a good
agency. We're in abortion that paper is. Then I asked how many other people did life
wife and they said no my business. Yeah well they're real nice over there. Okay well I just
thought I'd let you know. You're a friend of American. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello.
I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Am I on? Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil you're a stinky
pink old goose niffin. They're wetter at a pantry.
Break off. This is the day so far. Did you say pantry?
Don't you get off. What a mong brain. I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to do this show
and this guy calls me named. She's my new sister. Shame on you. By the way I've seen some of those
bad boys at the Mulea MP. Now what are you tackling about? Hey good. This is my gun.
I'm no am producers in the world and they fit me in here with an egg.
Oh my gosh.
It's a little bit of a hassle. Hello.
Oh Neil. You're used to be such a nice boy. And now you're so proud of him.
Yeah but you can't share it off. You can't share it off.
I don't need this. It offers from other stations.
Papagia, Almira, Fredorio. But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque,
sub-huin, doodab. Unbelievable. To meet the hell.
Hello. Is this Neil Ryder? What kind of phone are you on sir?
How's that again? Do you have a dial phone or what?
No I have to put it to the other operator.
Let's not get into that. Hey I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you. Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No I wasn't anymore. He was daughtering old man. He claims he's only 40.
Yeah right. And we be true and true.
Oh she's got a drop of silence. And if you think he's bad now, what do we have to do?
Okay let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
Thanks a lot for requesting it pal. Because it's long. It's been a long time. That's the one
redeeming the sky going. The only redeeming thing. Dispise it.
And we got well over a thousand people checked in, a thousand twenty two on a demographic survey.
And we still got old holy eggs. Oh. Oh.
None. Old holy eggs. I don't know. My mom, me, communist, I come, my niece, my decoy,
I made better movement like that. Well tell with them. I'm going to get into my pile now.
Okay we're taking a lot of great calls. How are we doing over there at the public?
60 bucks so far.
You know I'm going to tell you something. I think Duff needs a spanking although he might like it.
You're fairing. I am so aggravated with that child. You know he wouldn't see and you want to know why?
Why? Because this isn't a positive. It's a negative. It's a downer. You know what I mean?
Coming at a time when you're at 30th anniversary you think oh this is going to be really great.
Exciting. Da da da da da da. You're positive. No that's a negative. It's a downer.
It brings you. Don't bring me down. Let's play that all day.
By the animals. Don't bring me down. Eric Burden and the animal. What a burden he's placed on us.
You know how come he's that out there running around collecting money. I don't see him doing nothing.
Mr. Genius, Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Sticken, his nose and where don't belong. Duff. Now what are they stuck
his ass in sales? Wouldn't be the worst place it's been from what I'm hearing.
No old Juliette's 40 what do you say 60 bucks? Yeah and he's been there since the 10 before.
So let me say it again. This is the last time I'm not going to sit here in vague all day.
Just why should I do that? The sunny shining. It's a little on the chilly side. It's about
about 30 minutes. But it's pleasant. It's fine. No snow. What are his gone? It's come and gone.
Wasn't much here. Spring is sprung. In fact, what the hell is spring official is like the 21st, right?
He's living today. We're looking. The 20th. The 20th. Yeah. So like midnight on Sunday is the spring already.
We're going to be springing into it. So that part of it is all good, but this other stuff. If you want
to help us out with this best. If you want to get your, because it might be worth something
someday, I'm sure it won't, but I'm just lying. I'm just telling you that. I went through and read
all the titles off of there, all the neat stuff like young Neil that I just played that son of
here. You can listen to it until you're blue in the face, till you're sick, till you want to puke
your guts out, till you wanted your show 400 pounds of sugar-talky noodles down your fat gullet.
Okay. We're not. We can just like put it up on a wall. We still have the plastic on it,
like a, like our collector's item, you know? Like we do with stamps. Remember when you
stamp collecting and putting them little cellophane things? No, I never did that. Get out of here.
You never wore a stamp collector? Sorry. That's four rich kids. No. No, and it's not for a rich
kid. Oh, when I was a kid, you'd send away like two dollars and get like 600 stamps. You have
thousand. You had two dollars when you were a stay-oh, I had to pitch your Hitler on them, but
never less. Uh-huh. So here's the deal. The QM van is at the public's parking lot and Hollywood
Young Circle from now on, one o'clock today. Rolly is there. You don't have to be intimidated.
Miguel's not there. You don't have to tell him how shapely his ass is or what good shape he's in,
and nothing like that. Because I don't know who the hell Rolly is, but I guess he's, he's just a guy,
okay? He's not looking for compliments. You don't have to slap money ass like that lady got slapped
in the bank. Just go there and toss him cash his way. You got to teach your kids. If you want to
slap money, I should probably enjoy it. You know, yeah, a little slap. See how it works out.
Might go somewhere from there. And that's it. I'm doing my part and that's all I can do.
Because these things have been as much of a dud, as much of a clunker this year, and I knew they
would. I mean, just first of all, I hate to say this, but a lot of these vits around the CD, they're
right there on other ones. Right. You know, a year after year, we've, no, listen to me. We've
kind of like Dwayne's stop in the bridge tender when young and old and that's fine. And a lot of
people don't want to spend 20 bucks for a lot of stuff that they've already got. Dwayne's stop has
never been on any others. You wrong. Absolutely. Rolly. Rolly, how much do you want to bet? I don't
know. 20 bucks. I'll bet you next four years pay against the dime. How's that? All right. I'm
telling you right now it was. It was only one, maybe the first one. I got it. All right.
Not the long version. That's never been on one. That's not the original one.
All right. That's the original long version. Remember, we got rid of the cart.
And if any version has ever been on a cart, it was the short version, which doesn't even make sense
on a CD that is. If it's on anyone, it'll be now you want. No. Wrong. All right. Wrong.
But it's called short version. They label is what it's called. Uh-huh. Okay. I don't know what
it's longer. The short it is on here though. This is the very first one we had on CD. Remember the
burden I used to put him on cassettes and he would like to write a double cassettes, copies him,
and Pat Wisch was having copies too. It's a minute neat. How long do I want to miss your CD?
I don't know. Opposer to three. Imagine. Yeah, this is the short version.
When you guys destroyed the cart, you destroyed the original long version.
Wow. Who cares? Like I said, there's a lot of stuff on here. I mean, you know, you're always looking
at a mid-pick. I mean, other than that's a good idea. It's a good point. That's an
30 sales point. That's a very good point. You'll never find this anywhere in the year.
That's right. You auctioned all the cart on our bow 30.
bow 30. There's another reason that you don't want it. You'll see. We'll raise about the 300 today.
Like I said, you know something. We ought to just stop.
Would it just leave it on the website? I just don't have the,
the, you know, enthusiasm. What? We can do that. No, I just don't have the enthusiasm to
continue with this. It's a forest. It's a shadow of what it used to be. First of all, we're on
the wrong radio station. That's number one. Secondly, look at this demographic survey and
improve beyond. Look, Joe Bell. I hate to break the news here because he came over to us from
KISS, which is on FM country KISS, where they're kissing it. The fact that a matter is that
most living and breathing people, that's why we have no women. Okay. Women don't listen to
AM radio. No, but frankly, most people under the age of 100 don't listen to AM radio anymore.
Either AM radio is when I would high button shoes, when I would white box. AM radio is
better than a door nail. It's better than her Hebert Hebert. Okay. But we got the 8D now.
Like I said, how many HD sets are there in the world?
How is my case? HD, my ass. By the way, when's that Toshiba HD thing coming out? The DVD, HD.
Yeah, where are we going to sound? We're going to sound great at HD.
God, it's going to be fantastic. Can you imagine, especially with our technical or
capabilities we got here with this engineering staff?
Our annual demographic survey, which are you? We've got 1,040 people to check. There's not one
old Hispanic-wide female. Zero. That is shocking. Does that tell you a lot about South Florida?
I think we ought to put an asterisk next to all of our records because it's
much more impressive. By the way, John, we took a survey of the seed
many hold with the upside if we decided not to do anything more for the CD, but they just
leave it on the website. I guess how many people would be upset with that?
Oh, right. Well, you take the survey inside our studios or outside? Both. I see.
Hey, first of all, it's a bad radio. The audience is wanting to hear this.
I don't want to say they were keeping begging and pushing it. And I give these embarrassing
numbers. It's bad. It's really stupid. It's like, you know what this reminds me of. It's
the opposite of what this station did when they had when Greg Kotest did that Phantom Polar and
the Sun and the Herald. When everybody else just laid back on the earth, they were told to do
that. I'm positive about that. And when we, we, we, we singled, had to lay kicked ass of these
idiots across the street because we don't want to be embarrassed. It's like that in reverse.
That's what this station specializes in. You know the oldest freshman about putting your best foot
forward? Uh-huh. We're always putting our worst foot forward. I thought we put our athletes
foot forward. We're kind of like peg leg baits. This is Neil Rogers. This is fine. And it's
good to lie down.
Yeah.
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
I'm going to land my chin, I'm going to land my chin
When I'm back to be, I'm back to be
I'm back to be, I'm back to be
We've got some action here
We've got all the more dance moves on the rock
I don't know what it's like to be impressed
Wooo-woo
What were these sorts of sets?
I don't know whether they would believe it
But maybe they just did that to shut me up
I don't know
Could be. Could be what? Maybe it's your mama might have voted on her just to give you somebody voted on their own. Oh, I got a little one. So we got one in every category. So for we got one. Of course, that's probably all we got, but that's okay. So we got a thousand sixty seven respondents. So far, that's a whole audience. I remember we used to have a big audience. Well, that's funny because we have a hundred and sixty dollars. Yeah, at our little event. What's that could do with. Yeah, when we back in those days, we probably right now have like sixteen hundred say when we had like ten times the audience we got now. When we got to get that two.
Before we solve it, we're going to get like somebody in that place that's got some concept of what it's all about. I guess we're not and we don't care. Like I said, the week from today is payday. Airlines, greeners,
bail cover. Well, so what do you think about this idea of just the let's let's just stick it after they do with the. Huh? Okay. I mean, what's the problem with that? Most of our people have got computers or got access to. Right. I just got to ordering all this merchandise online and three out of four things showed up so far. And the other one I'm being very impatient on because that's the one I want the word is the dream fields.
It'll be on the site and you can mention it or not as you remember or every now and then or not like loose change part two, which we hope you watch. We know you won't. I know that maybe ten or twenty of you watched it because it's an hour twenty minutes long. And there's a lot of stuff in there that most of you don't want to see because it's bad news, but that's where it goes. You know, don't bother with stuff like that which busy trying to get laid. Well, that's more important. Believe me, trust me. Imagine an explosion is drawn up to blow a car is trunk apart caused by a bomb inside a passenger plane.
Government sources got NBC news that federal investigators recently were able to carry materials needed to make a similar homemade bomb on a bomb a grande through a security screening at twenty one airports in a bomb of the Kenya.
And all twenty one airports tested no machine no swap no screener anywhere stopped the bomb materials from getting through.
Even when investigators deliberately triggered extra screening of bags, nobody discovered these materials.
NBC news before when it used to go to Tom Kane chairman of that nine eleven whitewash commission on the results.
I'm appalled at it. He said he's appalled at it. I'm just made an yesterday degree. It does surprise me because I thought the department of Homeland Security is making some progress on this.
And evidently they're not. Oh, yeah, good old Mickey churred off there. He's doing it. He's slipping to the Mickey.
Heck of a job, Mickey. Investigators for the GAO conducted a test between October and January to request a Congress.
The goal was to determine how many vulnerable how you have vulnerable US Airlines out of a suicide bomber using cheap,
really available materials. Investigators found recipes for homemade bombs from easily available public sources and brought the necessary.
But the chemicals are the materials over the counter for security reasons NBC news won't reveal anything.
Greetings for the report.
It's tested probably a good idea. The report itself is classified believe handled in the vice chairman of that whitewash commission says the fact that so many airports fail this test is a hugely important story that the American travelers entitled to know.
NBC News has to bomb technician together the same materials assemble an explosive device to determine its power.
The materials for the bomb that exploded the car is truck into the palm of one hand. NBC News showed the results to Leo West former FBI bomb expert.
I wonder if he's can Leo Kareo. Potentially an explosion of that type could lead to destruction of the aircraft said West when a bomb.
The case of the case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
The case of the bomb that was in the air.
Fourth, polls of US troops in Iraq indicate that
a vast majority don't believe in their mission
and wish to be withdrawn.
Unlike the yellow ribbon folks at home,
the troops are unlikely to be enthusiastic
about being trapped in an Iranian quagmire
and in addition to the Iraqi quagmire.
Fifth, Bush has posted on the 33% of the majority of Americans believing
that Bush's invasion of Iraq was a mistake.
If you were being whipped in one fight,
would you start a second fight with a bigger and stronger person?
That's what Bush is doing.
Opinion polls indicate that the Bush regime is
exceeding its plan to make Americans steer Iran
as the greatest threat America faces.
The Bush regime has created a major dispute with Iran
over that country's nuclear energy program
and then blocked every effort to bring the dispute
to a peaceful land.
In order to gain a proof text for attacking Iran,
the Bush regime is using robbery and coercion
and its efforts to have Iran refer to the UN Security Council for sanctions.
In recent statements, President Bush and Romsfeld
blamed Iran for the Iraqi resistance
claiming that the roadside bombs used by the resistance
are being supplied by Iran.
It is obvious that Bush intends to attack Iran
and then will use every means to bring war above.
Yet Bush has no conventional means of wage war with Iran.
His bloodthirsty neocons have prepared plans for
newking Iran. However, an unprovoked nuclear attack
on Iran will leave the U.S. already regarded as a
pariah nation totally isolated.
Readers who think runs ahead of,
who's thinking runs ahead of that of most of us,
tell me that another 9-11 of them will prepare the ground
for a nuclear attack on Iran.
Some readers say that Bush or Israel
is in Israel's highly provocative attack
on the Jericho Jail and kidnapping
of prisoners of the American complicity
with provoking a second attack on the U.S.
Others say that Bush or the neocons
working with some black-off-screwful orchestrated attack.
One of the more extraordinary suggestions is that
a low-yield, perhaps tactical nuclear weapon
will be exploded some distance out from a U.S. port.
Death and destruction will be minimized,
but fear and hysteria will be maximized.
Americans will be told that the ship
during the weapon was discovered intercepted just in time
thanks to Bush's illegal spying program
and that Iran is to blame.
A more powerful wave of fear and outrage will again
bind the American people to Bush and U.S.
media will not report the rest of the world's
down to the explanation.
Reads like a micro-crypton plot, doesn't it?
Fantasy? Let's hope so.
Criton.
Criton.
That's what I've got to say.
Criton.
How we doing out there?
18,435.
Our goal is to get to 19,000 and I'm not going to talk
about this normal.
I just made up my mind.
You made it up for me.
Oh, you're welcome.
You went out there and you took that pole all over the building.
Shouted out the window, all of those old parts
and then high-rise next door, I want to eat part of it.
They said, hey!
They said, fat.
That old figure left.
We don't want no part of his stuff.
His dropping.
20 to 9 if you and we got the old Julietto,
that's the important thing we got one.
So I meant the Uno, but we got it.
Out of 1,000 A2, we got one old Julietto lady out there.
Allazed.
The flagship station.
Live in Chicago.
Over.
So what happens today, Chipel?
And here's the day to talk about it.
Please welcome, Dave.
It's popping.
I'm glad you're here.
Everybody wants to. Why'd you walk away?
From $50 million.
I was partying to explain.
That was a little atrocity.
Oh my god, yeah.
We're on drugs, yeah.
You lost your mind.
That's what I was thinking.
You went into a middle school.
You're right.
$15 million.
I don't want to let you out of this.
It's so ridiculous.
Crazy.
I would say.
They're trying to shoot me.
We'll be right back.
I agree.
Okay, 15 to noon.
1145 in English.
We got Gildiah 2 from the Aienta Center.
Got to make Panther game.
I don't understand.
Any interest? No way.
Those Panthers are going to make the playoffs.
Oh.
They're in that playoff run I heard.
Now what do we heard?
Okay, what do we got out there, Josh?
Hold on. Is the phone rings?
Oh, I'm holding it.
Okay, the meantime, well, the tribunal says Melissa Bitsnard poisoned.
220.
Well, that's 60 moments.
Oh, that's 18,495.
That means we need just $505 to get to 19,000 by one.
But certainly not going to get to 20,000.
I mean, I have to be a crazy person.
They would come and drag my ass away if I started talking that.
Because we only got, like, how much 220?
Yeah.
It's almost noon already.
It's according to noon already.
You folks better get with it if we're going to get another 505.
Oh, that's looking really grim.
220.
It's almost an hour.
And that's a good location too.
The QM van is that they published parking lot
at the Hollywood Young Circle.
And there's always out there waiting to see a long, long line of
all-you-old Yentos from Hollywood.
Because we know that so many of our listeners live in Hollywood, don't they?
Oh, yeah. Right there by Georgia's house.
They're all like having outside your house right now.
Sure.
What? Or inside the house?
Well, that could be our unbelievable event.
In the Interim Toxological Exam, a sobby or Melissa Vitch's body indicates the former
years' law leader was not poisoned.
The president of the UN War Crimes Tribune looked to haig said, not poisoned.
We believe him? No.
Judge Fowl still put cod.
Also told news conference today that no sign of the unprescribed antibiotic
RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, RIFLA, R
I am told,
two shouldn't we have? Oh Arabs how many Arabs do we have on the earth? Yeah we should
have put Arabs on earth and I don't don't do that. What does that mean Arab? You know
some might like your people. Get out of here, semi-smiles. Yeah I'm sure. By the way we
got another old hooliath and we got a pair of doses. We got dose. Aren't you impressed?
Aren't you excited? Look at all the categories where we got like single digits. I realize
that 1100 people are checked in so far. That's like what half our audience? Right. But I mean
single digits. Asian female 25 to 54 just exactly what you guys are looking for. One.
Non-Hispanic white female 125 what Georgia is looking for? One and Josh. Asian male
125 what I'm looking for? Two. Hispanic white female 125 to only two. So let me take
those. Hispanic white female 55 plus what we finally got up to two on that. They're all
over three hour and a half. They're begging and pushing and shoving and yelling and squeezing.
God please somebody out there please. But look on a look on the bright side. Non-Hispanic
white male 25 to 54. That's our target demo. That's ratings baby. 573 52%. Non-Hispanic
white male 55 plus all white guys. 172 all like me. Hispanic white male 25 to 54. 132.
And non-Hispanic white female 25 to 54. 58. That's the only females we got. Is non-Hispanic
white females 25 to 54. That's all we got. The smattering of others. One over here. Well
one or two over there way over there. Yeah. Get out your binoculars way over there. Anyway
getting back to this raw port story. The report was required by an amendment to the Homeland
Security Appropriations Related by John Kerry who's really scary and who's reviled by
most. Though the Inspector General does identify some improvements over last year's evaluation
that there was no assurance that the program is protecting the nation's most critical
and vulnerable infrastructure. It still seriously calls into question the security of American
ports. At one point noting it's not clear that the HS knows how much actual risk reduction
has been achieved. Has been achieved. Mon. An inconsistent system of evaluation by
Fisels was one major problem identified by the report which called for a more uniform
system of scorekeeping. More troublesome. That is the fact that certain projects scored
a zero. Oh. On that same 35 point National Party threat scale. But still received government
funding while other projects deemed worthy by the OIG did not. How do you like that? That
goes on but it be better to move to the mouth. But said it and so on. Nobody cares about
these things. That's why I don't know what I'm wasting my time. You know between the
CDM I'm thinking about Monday just changing a whole show all phone calls. All right. Yeah.
Now we in fact we can have him call 100 times today. He were where I know there's a there's a
plan here where out his vocal box. Well I know somebody who will call 100 times today. But it
ain't anything. Yeah. Yeah. Now. Perfect. Please. Yeah. Perfect. Can I be out of here?
Perfect. He was the one supposed to kill him and didn't do it. Relief at least break his legs
and keep the phone out of the wall. This house rip his Larry set of you know who he is.
You know where to find him. We know who he is. Just like a although actually we like Eddie
Eilie. You don't like him. I like it. No. I don't like it. Why not? I mean I like that voice
melody. I mean during that Greg Kotech that thing with the ticket that news clip video that my
new public. I mean he was ballistic. That was special. This is not a child. This is an adult.
This is somebody who has a business who is in business. Like a business. And he was writing
on there like some of those entries on there went on for like six million words.
Bablu. Bablu. Bablu. Over and over again. There's a. And this is how Florida for you man.
I'm not saying that there aren't people like that else workers. There are. But Florida's got like a
disproportionate number. Yeah. I think about gravity. Millions of them. I'd say about three
million people like that. Somebody Q. A. M. Eddie line. Hello. Good morning.
Somebody Q. A. M. Hello. Somebody Q. A. M. Hello.
Q. A. M. Yo. Is this my uncle Neil? Yes sir. Hi there. How's that going honey? Great.
Okay. I think Eddie's already it. But that's okay. I just want to go out. That's not a bullet.
Okay. I was looking around. I didn't put condos. Lea and president Dung Fregg on the CD.
Kind of the kind of lea's of when you're not going to hear again and president Dung Schmidt's been on
recently. It was on. We had a lot of CD that we did. Oh really? Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry.
Sorry. Love means everything to say. Sorry. Go away. 5 6 7 0 5. See now. Now they're starting to call
with how come you didn't put this on. Yeah. Oh, it is what it is. It's already done. We can't
redo it for you. Okay. But can't redo it. And the condo. Lea's your one. You ain't going to hear
no. First of all, every year that we do these things that I get tired of. Call out Mo with that
station in New York. Ask him how come you won't hear condo. Lea's your no more. Okay. Ask him
about the background that. That whole big sumis. How that came about every year. Why isn't this
on there? Why isn't that on there? Why don't you die? That's why I didn't want any part of this
man. I would avoid this like the plague, like the bird flu, like I chased that pigeon out of my
living room the other day. Let's get out of here. I was screaming. I get out of here already.
Idiot. And did. I think it speaks better when you listen. Most of the people in South Florida,
if he asks me. Christ. W. Q. Y. M. Hello. Who you calling? Why are you? I beg your pardon?
Can you put a bit of. No chance. Get out of here. W. Q. A. M. Hello. One of your people Q. A. M.
I can't speak with my son being. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Our Franken does and put up his car.
Yeah. Good. Our Franken's an idiot. Okay. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Q. A. M.
An idiot with no numbers by the way. It's going off the year in New York. Q. A. M.
Not there. They just couldn't get. They just couldn't get the courage up. Q. A. M. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Q. You are the Hispanic black male. Hispanic black males. Could we add that?
No, they don't have it there. Just go black now. I'm going to put out black. We're not
dividing the black. Talk about that. You know, we got to have locations and Jamaicans and Hispanic
blacks and French blacks and Pollywood will get lost away. Black is black. Black is black. That's
right. Blaine. Now we could also be chocolate for McRain-Agan happy. Light chocolate. Mocha.
Milato. Like that. Halley Berry flavored. Whatever. No. Oh, listen. This pool is closed with it. Okay.
This is why starting Monday. It's all calls because I like them. He really believed me. No.
I don't care. You don't care. And you don't know. See, I'd like to keep people guessing.
Once you start being predictable like Daniel Abaster, then you got real service. There's black is black,
by the way. In that group. Milato. Name it. Come on. I don't know. One pops.
One spick name. Two words. Milato. Most. Most. Most. Most. Most. Those. Those ones. And those.
Those have got. If you told me I still wouldn't know. Those brables. I forgot it.
I know that the elite singer there sounds like Jean Pitney though. Little bell like Jean Pitney.
Only your only love can break a heart. What was the other Jean Pitney stuff? Halfway. What was the
thing to Tulsa? I could. I could cheat. Well, look it up. Google it. Jean Pitney. Something
that I was hitting. 24 hours to Tulsa. Tell it town without pity. Whatever. It's a
softball of the theme song. The man who shall liberty balance. The man who shall
feel balance. How about this one? I would have guessed this one. Oh, it hurts to be in love.
That's one of the metal pancreas Jean Pitney stuff. It does hurt the whole freaking thing. Come on.
Matter of fact, I'd talk it up and eat snack on it. It he hurries.
You know, I once did it during the break here to stop and think it. That was say,
well, what would the world be like without religion? Well, I mean, that's it. No,
it would be a hell of a lot better. What would the world be like without sexually transmitted diseases?
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.15.2.8.
This is at a Homeland Security Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I
raise the warning color to pink or the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
When I'm watching basketball on TV, one man is denying me. Yeah, the words of thousands
to give me. And when someone goes baseline, he starts screaming things so lazily,
screeching like a patchy to give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me.
He should shut his fire hole to give me. When he is talking, the glare from his head is
lining me. Where does this guy come from to give me? Everything is us and everyone's
to give me. We should give him. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me.
To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me. To give me.
George is lucky though because he'd have no idea where any sporting event. He don't know
Dick Vitale from Tobitallis, Hara stuff. Ever use Vitaleis? No. No.
No, no.
Cover one at five sixty WQM, happy Friday to you.
Happy St. Paddy's Day.
Another...
You know something, I experienced it the dentist last week was more pleasant than this.
It is absolutely just unacceptable.
You know, you learn your lesson.
We did this many, many times and cutting the board,
where it was beyond ponderous.
It was just like a waste of time.
It was a lot more work.
There were certain people that didn't really appreciate the efforts in the first place
when you come right down to it.
Which, you know what I'm saying?
You do know what I'm saying.
I know what you're saying.
So why are we being coerced and muscled into doing this again?
You know what I'm saying?
Don't want to.
So today I'll be the last day here as to talk about it.
So go out there and get some stuff or not.
Whatever you like.
Yeah.
Ed Rampal, who was named after Edward R. Murrow, by the way.
Ed Rampal.
Cr...
Cr...
Cr...
Cr...
Cr...
Ed Rampal of West Cavina, California, was named after Edward R. Murrow.
He wrote progressive Hollywood.
A people's film history of the USA.
He writes,
He's here brings McCarthy and Orwell back into the spotlight.
Good article.
I'm going to read it.
Like I said,
Scurning Monday,
No calls,
Or maybe all calls.
Or maybe 4,000 calls.
Or maybe no calls will call you.
How's that?
That would be good.
That's a good idea.
We'll just call people like name Chin out of the Chinese phone book.
Or name Groud Riegas.
How's that?
Groud Riegas.
What?
He has a lot of people to get through the Rodriguez's.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
We'll call everybody who's name ends in his Z.
In his Z.
During Sunshine,
we dedicated the public access to government.
Russ Fingel proposed to condemn president Bush for illegal wiretapping.
But Fingel is not the only junior senator from Wisconsin associated with
censure currently in the public eye.
The DVD of George Clooney's Good Night and Good Luck about CBS broadcast your Edward R.
Murrow's exposé of which hunting senator Joe McCarthy,
censured by the Senate in December 54,
was released this week Tuesday.
I'm going to go on and get today,
even though he said don't watch it.
I'm going to watch it.
Okay.
Taylor Garner Joe also repairs and recent books,
including Xbox and Post-Commonist Hans Johnson's The Age of Anxiety,
published last October by Harcourt.
It opens with McCarthy's infamous 1950 Wheeling West Virginia speech.
I have here my hand-list to 205 members of the Communist Party still working
and shaping the policy of the State Department.
Johnson notes how that number kept changing and rights of the boldness
with which he twisted facts or invented them to make grave and unsubtantial
accusations at a moment of intense national fear.
This month, Harcourt is publishing Shooting Star,
the brief arc of Joe McCarthy by Exxon New York Times reporter Tom Wicker,
who calls McCarthy the most destructive demagogue in American history,
uniquely villainous, his sins against democracy,
and that they've forgiven or forgotten.
Others are assuming McCarthy's legacy in January 2004,
David Horowitz's conservative online publication Front Page
asked reactionary commentator Ann Coulter,
whom she admired in the 20th century.
Joe McCarthy, she responded.
Bitch.
In 2,000 crowned forum books, Coulter's Treeson and James Herson's Tales from the Left Coast,
right wingers attempt to rehabilitate and restore McCarthy.
As Redbating remains lucrative, the same conservative imprint plans publishing
another McCarthy apology by M. Stanton Evans in December.
Grant Heslov, who could not with Clooney,
and said they were another inspiration for us to make this film
in compared McCarthy Apologist to Holocaust deniers.
A.M.L.D. Antonio 64 documentary point of order was released last November on DVD
in it during 54th Army McCarthy hearings,
counsel Joseph Welch famously rebukes McCarthy.
Until this moment, Senator, I think I never gauged your cruelty or recklessness
have you no sense of decency's seret long last, sir.
George Orwell was also backed by the actors gang's 84 dramatization directed by Tim Robinson L.A.
and Orwell's totalitarian masterpiece.
Big brother's thought police watched everybody to tele screens.
Why have McCarthy and Orwell returned now?
Clues provided by the subtitles to Johnson's The Age of Anxiety,
McCarthyism to Terrorism and Coulter's Treeson,
Liberal treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism.
According to Hezlov, Good Night addresses a concern of lots of people
who have had over the past six years,
and fear that if you speak your mind,
if you have a question on the war you'll be called on patriotic,
there was lots of self-sensory going on,
and in a oblique way, our film addresses those issues.
A certain segment of society certainly responds to that.
After 9-11, there was a chill.
Today's big chill saw another CBSN Command Dan Rather,
country-western singers and administration critic Joe Wilson-Vixie Chick for being this loyal.
The patriotism of anti-war town such as Clooney and Robbins was questioned
of those using McCarthy attacks, Hezlov said,
that poster boys obviously bill Orrily.
The narrow one of Washington Post and New York Times apologized
for misleading pre-arach war reporting Good Night and Capote,
both best-doctor pictured Austrian nominees,
stressed journalistic ethics.
I asked Robbins if he'd received 1984,
if he'd be 5-84 to come in on it today.
See it for yourself and decide he replied.
Robbins play a cousin Orwell's torture chamber.
This is the Gittmu Abu-Abu-Gar-Rabla-Gram-Air Base
extraordinary rendition edition of 1984,
where anime conventions are held without charges,
without trials, Geneva conventions.
Its tele screen suggests that warrantless wiretapping fine gold opposes.
When truth is suppressed, it doesn't disappear,
it re-emerges often in symbolic ways.
Orwell declared in the time of universal deceit,
telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
Modern parallel strigger contemporary cultures of session
with 60-year-old historical relics,
when Murrow Challenge McCarthy,
quoted Shakespeare's Julius Caesar.
During the anti-sequacy sunshine,
we can have a quote from Shakespeare's drama scenes appropriate.
Beware the eyes of March.
Beware.
Onsen.
He's feeling the eyes of March yet?
All in feel of it.
How about getting ready for Helsinki, Dimaio?
Are you ready for that?
Oh, yeah, I got my hat.
Good.
That's what it means.
Our annual demographic survey is on here.
Which are you?
Which category do you fit into until, okay?
And that's it.
We're not putting no more categories on here.
We're not putting black,
like Swahili Mongolian, whatever.
1169 vote.
And only one for Asian female 25 to 54.
That's pathetic.
And it's probably Eric's wife devoted on there.
I imagine.
Non-Hispanic white female 125-1.
Non-Hispanic white female 125-solument de uno.
That is unbelievable.
Can you believe that?
I mean, why don't we have any young chick,
we're talking about what we're talking about in this stupid-ass show,
right?
Like that article I just read.
Why would they care about that?
Father, what I'm saying?
I don't know.
Sorry, I would have been a little bit tight.
You guys listen to a Power 96 and what they're listening to.
Right?
And all that HEBGV stuff, that...
Oh!
HEBV stuff.
Editorial by the New York Times is if that fire needed fuel.
This is in yesterday's New York Times, which occasionally still has some lucid moments,
occasionally.
Remember to be Toys?
Of course I do.
Wouldn't it be nice?
Well, that's how it starts out.
Wouldn't it be nice if just once the players in the disaster movie that is Middle East politics
don't perform true to hype?
Unfortunately, the events in the Palais de Nis city of Jericho this week show that's
a pretty far-fetched thought, so the conflict continues its never-ending run fuel this time
by Britain and America.
The list of misdeeds is as usual, lengthy and widespread.
The militant group Hamas should not have provoked Israel with chatter about freeing, off-menced
a dot that headed the popular front of liberation of Palestine, who's being held in the killing
of Rehab Al-Masivi, the Israeli Tourism Minister in 2001.
The Palestinian President Makhmoud Abbas should have thought hard before offering his
support for such a bone-headed idea.
The acting Israeli Prime Minister, Ahood Olmer, should not have allowed the desire to
do some election season muscle flexing to push him and disturbing the prison in Jericho,
with thanks bulldozing helicopters.
Israeli army officials ordered inmates to strip to their underwear, which many did, marching
out with clothing on their heads and embarrassing and completely unnecessary provocation that
trampled the dignity of any Palestinian watching that spectacle.
Given the humiliations that ordinary Palestinians suffer merely by trying to get to Israeli
checkpoints every day, the prison rate just reinforced the already degrading reality of
living under foreign occupation.
Most to blame, however, however, are Britain and the U.S. for withdrawing their prison monitors.
They said that security concerns that British and American officials may tend to exist
ever since the 2002 agreement established a condition under which misdeeds stood out
in five other Palestinian prisoners would be held.
Regrettably, the Palestinian Authority has never in the past four years met all of its
obligations under the Ramallah agreement to spread our repeated demands that they do so.
They've been in the Foreign Secretary Jack Strauss in this week.
Jack Strauss, you know him a real Ahood.
Jack Strauss.
Right.
That raises the question of why the U.S. and Britain waited until now to withdraw the monitors.
This is an extremely tense time in both Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories,
with Hamas working to form a cabinet after its election triumph, and Israel headed for
elections on March 28th.
There's no way the British and Americans could not have known that their withdrawal would
be tantamount to throwing a match into dry kintling.
Mr. Olmer may have secured a few security points for himself and his Kadima party in their
battle with Benjamin Netanyahu.
Be me Netanyahu over who will be elected to succeed Ariel Sheroul and how's he doing as
Israel pride minister.
But it's a sure bet that even if his prison rate helps Mr. Olmer win the elections,
it'll make the job of governing and stirring his ratings in Palestinians toward peace even
a harder after the election is done.
For that he can thank his friends in Britain and America.
A good column, good editor about the New York Times.
I said one of their moments of clarity, lucidity.
If those socks take place.
Yeah, right.
There she is.
Condoleezza, condoleezza.
Mmm.
Yeah.
I'm playing it.
Yeah.
That dare you.
Do you?
Double dare you.
Double dog dare you.
How's those noodles coming?
I'm really POV.
I faxed in 830 this morning.
I mean, I emailed in fact that my dream feels pasta, whatever it is, dream works, dream
feel.
And I got no email return.
Now maybe I'll be a little bit impatient.
Am I?
I'm just looking for like a tracking number.
I'm anxious for it to get here.
I want it now.
No emails.
At once stupid email from Tompaine.com.
I don't want any emails from Tompaine.com.
It's a pain.
Tompaine.
The Tompaine email from Vroomfields of Pasta.
I want that stuff here right now.
It's really a sad moment in life when there's something really good out there and you
know you can't get your hands on.
Yeah.
Oh.
Probably it's past noon if you would like to.
What I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I be do.
That's what it is.
We put the bowl in the basket.
That's what he do.
We put the bowl in the basket.
That's what he do.
We put the bowl in the basket.
That's what he be do.
That what I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I be do.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in a basket.
That's just what he does.
That what I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I be do.
Yeah, that's what he do.
He put the bowl in the basket.
The situation is, put the bowl in the basket.
He puts the bowl in the basket for the organization.
That's my take on how what he do.
That's what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I be do.
How can I put the bowl in the basket?
How many of you put the bowl in the basket?
How many of you put the bowl in the basket?
That's what he be do.
What do you put the bowl in the basket with the bowl?
What if he put the bowl in the basket
and then we pour the bowl in the bag?
Oh what if he put the bowl in the bag?
Um, well that's what I should put the bowl in in the basket.
What if he put the bowl in the bag with the bowl...
on the vest of Neil
about 30 men and he's in t-shirts which the response has been less than
thrilling at best and embarrassing at worst and the total now is
300
18,575 we got about as much chance to get in by one o'clock to 19,000
as you walk out in the hallway and find in four million dollars and one dollar
bills out there piled up to the ceiling and a woman did come by and slap
early in the east well thanks a lot lady for slapping it and then I'm going to
some cash too so that's so that's how much trouble 300 including whatever she
brought by including that thank god for her
wow i mean Hollywood young circle isn't that like the right now that's the center
piece of the audience right i think you're pardoned it's right downtown oh i know
i know exactly where it is are you like uh well i'm not telling you or what
exactly where it is not too far from him in ways that's right right right
why if you store show you the other place to put your jacks out of
business uh huh thanks to 9-11
used to love that peppercorn Shaw should Burton jacks
you'd like to go and watch mr. ego eat there
neverland never more for jacko oh boy
closes for good Michael Jackson has shut down his neverland range for good
employees were summoned to the ranch this afternoon yesterday afternoon
in staggered groups they were staggered given back pay for 12 weeks
three yesterday and told the ranch have been shut down by the California
Department of Labor in fact Jackson made the decision to lay off more than
60 loyal staffers after making them wait through three months with no pay
their health insurance ran out on February 28 last week
the state closed the ranch because Jackson carried no workments comp
some of the employees have never landed been there with Jackson since he bought
the place in the late 80s a few actually had worked for the previous
owner they've been there so long they leave without
pensions or the ability to apply for cobra health insurance
all they can do now is apply for unemployment as many of them have already
done that it's unbelievable unbelievable says one
long time staffer we got nothing for the paint watches
happened and nothing to see us through some of the people here are close to
retirement age and they've got nothing to retire on
how do you like that well they thought they were going to get some retirement
out of Michael and Michael who may be in London has been living very well
in the Middle East in Bahrain Prince Abdullah has supplied him with a
driver a Bentley GT and a Rolls Royce Phantom he's not
returning to the US as a source who spoke with Jackson last weekend
in this country Jackson faces several lawsuits as well as the foreclosure
of $270 million on loans still not clear as who paid the final back pay which
could have total 400 grand Jackson also has to pay the state two
separate fines one for 69,000 and nothing to be
germed today of over 100 grand he's got some tourists that child
that's nothing compared to what he should have gotten and of course didn't
write because in California nobody no celebrity ever gets convicted in
California right isn't that right oh Jay 18,575 so close to that
20,000 you could smell it couldn't you you could reach right out and put your
finger on it yeah like a big juicy pile of elephant
droppings but we're not going to make it maybe over the weekend we'll
make it maybe those big appearances at Konaean's Grill today tomorrow and
Sunday so I shall be there you're going to be all three or just today
no just today well why is that come on you kind of hell's going on over the weekend
get out there let's see a little corporate spirit here well I wasn't asked
to know any other or some other words you got to ask you one volunteer and say
how'd love to be there tomorrow I like let's who's going to be there no or
Lando Alza Query is going to be there tomorrow you don't want to be there with him
I'd be there with him and then I noticed on
Sunday we got the Marlins and Metz game on Sunday and big old those going to be at the
cats of the day so I have no idea it's going to be at Konaean's Grill on Sunday but
today tomorrow and Sunday it says miss thing from four to six thirty Konaean's Grill
51 81 Sheridan Street in Hollywood whoever is there will have our stuff our CDs
our teachers all that other stuff that you folks are too cheap to want to
help us out with because you don't care about them puppies about them kitty cats
don't care about us don't care about that 30th anniversary and the stuff and we
knew that up front I'm not blaming anybody else beside Duff
because you're the one who told me he was responsible for the whole idea is
nothing one it was a joint effort well who else was involved unless we're
them an ass yeah they must have been smoking a big fat one one day who the
management team did your at the time well who now was that you don't know
not Greg Greg would be the damn Duff and Clarence together oh
Glorance and Glorance and Clarence well he needs some secret clearance that
child twelve hundred nine people on there and look at that non-Hispanic white
female at a twenty five only one only one young white lady
man and then didn't that like really burst your bobble
no I knew it all along what the wing got no way well I want you to I want you to
sit and analyze what I do want to show every day okay forget about when you're
on it you're sitting there playing that funky stupid Indian music or whatever
right that Ravi Shankar uh-huh and that's what you're going to get if you keep messing around
as a big shanker but anyway too late no me too the fact of the matter is that uh
who it who it was in your mind ask yourself with some 20-year-old chick listen to this show
to what I'm talking about no maybe the show not the station
women don't listen to am radio right nobody listens to am radio nobody I don't listen to am
radio of course I don't listen to am radio but I don't listen to am radio when I get in that
car if you think I would ever turn on am radio you're dreaming mister you'd have to be out of your
mind I'd have to be nuts you don't even think about it in fact what I'm there I'm just
frantically punching buttons on the FM please is there something I want to and of course
there never is never never the worst FM in the history of the human race is in South Florida the
worst an embarrassment and disgrace my god it's like it's like it's like the whole radio industry
took a gigantic BM and our in South Florida's FM stations are what came out you know what I'm saying
what he said the catch my riff really bad I'm only going to give the double digits on this thing
so far I don't want to read the whole it's ponderous our annual demographic survey which are you
non-Hispanic white male 2554 crackers 629 52% non-Hispanic white male 55 plus old 185 like me ancient
taking an ancient style Hispanic white male 25 to 54 148 12% I told you
you have a little faith non-Hispanic white female 25 to 54 62 that's all we got those are the only
ladies we got middle-aged well not middle-aged well whatever there black male 25 to 54 we got 39
dark guys various shapes sizes shades real dark light like mocha chocolate non-Hispanic white male
under 25 27 27 young punks white non-Hispanic white female 55 plus 24 Hispanic white male
125 20 Julio punks I know who three of them are Hispanic white male 55 plus 11 and Hispanic white
female 25 54 10 well that's not too bad not not great huh no whatever we'll take what we can get
I mean that's the first 1200 you know over the weekend we're gonna have like 400,000 votes
on it all the time we come in Monday morning there'll be like two million votes on there
everybody listen to the show that's what you're always telling me everybody a little have
an all listen to it everybody that's what I think everybody in sweet water everybody liberty city
and everybody little Haiti man that's right that's what you always tell me they all listen
mm-hmm little Jamaica that's right where we are right now we think we find that good machine
man in little Jamaica so we're gonna get to 19,000 by one o'clock or not because if we're not I'm
gonna like between one and two I'm just gonna start throwing furniture right this is Neil Rogers
yeah
and a lot of pop little boys
I had a lot of money in my 401k with that run run run run run run run run run run run run
and when it's down the toilet it's just one day with that run run run run run
run run
yeah
you cook the food
yeah
don't break it
run
run
run
run
I used to get a picture that was nice and sad
from that run run run
from that run run
now I'm asking if you like fries with that
run run run run run run run run
that's what you think you owe
should be someone's home
when they bet you do death row
from that run run run run run run run run run
yeah I have no food
and I want to shoot all the stuff
run run run
run run one
con
welcome
yeah
gotta
we gotta put a
recommend that's just pathetic you want to stop and think about it linear defense that's 세�片 and we're suppose to love to a radio show. Where's the
opposed to entertaining adult people because we can see his bags
you
NGO velcombe and seen a statement
Hey, everything okay. Hey, okay. Okay. Hey, everything's okay. Everything's good by me. We're can't ask right away. We're doing it. Okay, Joe
Well, everything is greater food to show that all right. We got from high and I don't see how I said with think today maybe
I don't know John the Baker John John the Baker
Oh, holy moly. What's not to like I guarantee you don't got no sure talking noodles in that sack. No
Caesar some real real noodles and oh you just got a shallot huh chicken chicken Caesar salad
Now what's Josh got it but he's got something that something Parmesan again. I got the field farm
So I knew it. I knew the field farm. I could smell it. I could tell I could do that baby cow squealing for its life
Please please now can't do it can't do it, Viley
War loving pundits by Norman Solomon. I wonder if he was kin to Abraham Solomon
You think I'll write me to Anna Solomon or maybe to Mugsie Solomon. Well anyway, he writes. He's good Norman Solomon
In fact part of this article was adapted from his latest book war made easy how presidents and pundits keep spinning us to death
Oh, that's like if you got your clothes in the dryer for like six weeks spinning to death same thing
The third anniversary of the Iraq invasion is vandal would track a lot of media coverage rice Norman
But scant recognition will go to the pundits who help to make it all possible
Continuing with long service to the Bush administration's agenda setting for war prominent media commentators were very busy in the weeks before the invasion
After Washington post the op-ed's page for fervor hit a new peak on February 6, 2003
The day after Colin Powell's mendacious speech to the UN Security Council remember how vile that was yeah with the cartoons
Post-com this Richard Cohen explained that Paul was utterly convincing the evidence he presented to the UN some of its circumstances
Daniel some of it absolutely bone-shilling instant tail had approved to anyone that Iraq not only has an account for his weapons of mass destruction
But without a doubt still retains them cool and wrote only a fool or possibly a Frenchman could conclude otherwise
Meanwhile another one was posted indicated to say a stavance Jim Holman led with this declaration
Colin Powell did more than present the world with a convincing and detailed x-ray of a rack secret weapons and terrorism programs here today
He also exposed the enduring bad faith to several key members of the UN Security Council when it comes to a rack and its web of lies in Paul's phrase
Holman's closing words banished out the continued to say that the Bush administration has not made its case
You must now believe that Trojan Powell lied in the most serious statement he'll ever make or was taken in by
90 facts of evidence. I don't believe that today knew there should you he wrote
In patients grew among punnets who depicted the ones inspection processes
They should raid because Sodom Hussein's regime obviously possess weapons of mass destruction and an essay appearing on February 13th
2003 Christopher Hitchens wrote those who are calling for more time in this process should be aware that they're calling for more time for
Sodom's people to complete their humiliation and subversion of the inspectors a
Few weeks later in March 17
President Bush preface the imminent invasion by claiming a televised speech should Sodom of saying
Choose confrontation the American people can know that every measure has been taken to avoid war and every major will be taken to win it
In the same speech noting that many Iraqis can hear me tonight in the translator radio broadcast
Bush heard offered Bush offered reassurance Bush her I have a message for them if we must begin military campaign
It'll be directed against the lawless men who ruled your country and not against you don't forget the flowers
The next day Hitchens came up with an essay featuring similar assurances telling readers that the defense
Departments evolved highly selective and accurate munitions that can sharply reduce the need to take or receive casualties
The predictions of widespread mayhem turn out to be false last time when the weapons of the Gulf War were nothing like so accurate
And he added it cannot be proposed as a practical matter that one is able to fight against a regime and not a people or a nation
With the full scale of fact underway the practicalities were evident from network TV studios the American public knows the importance of this war
Fox NewsPundit and Weekly Standard Executive Editor Fred Barnes proclaimed a few days after the invasion began
They're not as casually sensitive as the weenies in the American press are
And what about the punditry of after the gratitude so-called victory in Iraq?
Researchers at the media watch group fear have exhumed statements made by prominent media cheerleaders who were flush with triumph
Often showing elation is bagged at fail U.S. journalist lavish praise on the invasion and sometimes aimed derisive salvos and American phones to the military action
One of the most lethal commentators on network TV was MSNBC's hardball host Chris Matthews
We're all neocons now he wrote on April and I
2003 hours after a sudden whose aim statute stumbled in Baghdad remember that photo up
It's like it and just happened to be there. It's up to weeks later Matthews was still out at making catagoreal
categorical declarations
We're proud of our president Americans love having a guy's president a guy who has a little swagger who is physical
Who's not a complicated guy like Clinton or even like a do caucus or monday all those guys?
McGovern they want a guy who's president woman like a guy who's president check it out the woman like this war
I think we like having a hero as president simple he said Chris Matthews
Idiot simplistic was more like it and in the rush of states I didn't fuzze as in for one Iraq
Senfist pundits like Matthews apt to sway with a prevailing wind or harboring climb to buck the jingo with the storm
Sooner pay for you out a card air remained at the gear at Gail Force on Fox News Channel still blowing strong
Tommy Franks in the coalition forces have demonstrated the old axiom that boldness on the battlefield
Phil produces swift and relatively bloodless victory Tony snow told his viewers in late April
This is 2003
The three weeks swing through Iraq is utterly shattered skeptics complaints
He said what passes for liberalism on Fox also cheer and gloated Sean had these week debating partner Alan combas
Through down a baiting challenge on April 25th now that the war in Iraq is all but over this is 2003 now that the war in Iraq is all but over
Comes demanded should the people on Hollywood who oppose the president admit they were wrong
Yeah, and you wonder why the public is brainwashing their brains are like much like jello like like jello pudding like tapioca
Oh God, although I do like tapioca would like cinnamon on it
No
How's my dream fields pasta coming by the way? I'm after slowly huh slowly?
I'm gonna call them and I'm gonna bitch their ass out
I just don't want to send an email to a company that you see you already been charged the money in your credit card
You've sent them the money and look like you have no confirmation. Oh wait a minute. Here's an email George the
It's the oh it's it's a choir from the grocery the the grocery delivery people
Tabbling stuff again. See this is the one thing when you do business with anybody now
Maybe these grocery delivery people are got that product you think maybe when look not and got squad
I'm a big hard thing for squad the grocery delivery ID is great if you got a place that's got a whole bunch of products like public you want
You like that likes public should be great
And the guy that called before and he's he got his dream fields pasta in public. I don't know
That's what you don't know that's what the guy said
Jesus God almighty. You don't know I forgot already kind of a plan. Are you living honestly? I forgot the food got there. That's right what
Well, I'm cooking me up some good sure talking noodles at two o'clock. I'm gonna hold my nose
Look at that. You know I need to get a nose clip
Yeah, I imagine how good that would come in at wood buying and also in the kitchen when I'm open enough of bag of sure talking noodles
You need badly a wood buy. Oh
My god
I love send you a set of those ones that they wear in the pool. You know the old books. Oh, I need them the bad one from the rubber band
They begin to imagine the smells of wood buying. Oh
There was a guy sitting next to me yesterday old grizzled guy would like a schmussi beard
You know on a cap or like a 60ish guy
fancy themselves like some kind of a you know
Bomby vaunt whatever the hell that means and he he smelled like he smelled like what I dropped in the bowl this morning, okay?
And he kept leaning over he kept reaching out because he was playing coins
I hate the people that played the coins. I got a posky with the coins
And so no matter what he would put in here
He had to hit the button in the coins and he's reaching down and every time he reached down
He had like breathing my face and a breath like a breath like a septic tank would be envious of it
I'm believeably bad
Why why have what I need I need like the whole thing I need like an oxygen mask
One of those biomass that will come in handy
You said
And try and you said those in the army surplus
My parents have it in the army surplus store some of them real old funky mass would be really good
Yeah, I'll think you're there to hold the blaze up I
Got news for a time place it works the other way around this is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
Well take the train you won't carpool
You see a hammer you start to drool you won't walk
For 20 feet
You'd rather take
Your SUV
You can't drive
You can't eat
without crude
Irian deep
You need it for
Your plastics
With draw symptoms
Make you sick
Whoa you like to think there's lots more fun during the soil. Oh, yeah
Right after you think I think the truth though
Close you to the truth to say your total is spoiled, you know, you're gonna have to place it here a dick into all
Might as well face it you're addicted to all
Might as well face it you're addicted to all come on Laura might as well face it
And that's what I'm gonna
Well face it there
A dick to all
About 26 and 5.62. What's the bad news this are might. We're clearance. You're a bone hit okay?
You make me want to vomit. What's the bad news? We got a 460 oh and thanks to Marty Marty came by about three CDs
Thanks Marty you demand
So that gives us a brand a grand total of
718,000 735
Which means in the next 50 14 minutes if we got 265 bucks in next to 14 minutes
We'd make it to 19,000 will that happen? Is there any change? No, that's gonna have no
How much is the total 4 1 460 that's crap
That's garbage. I mean we've been doing this for a long time George
Can you remember any one of events like this that had such paltry numbers like these try to purge them from a memory? No
Of course they have been fabulous locations like the one down there on the Southwest A3 was good little Havana
And the other ones that places where nobody showed up things like that and then of course the hurricanes thing
That's always that's always very positive for this show
Of course the question we did have the one out there at the Shell Station where we always used to give like a couple thousand
You know right from our university when we do there not that much
That that looks though. Well, thank you. We're living in the past you know back when we hit an audience
Back when we're on a real radio station as opposed to what we got now
5 6705 60 let's take a rash of calls
What do you say and everybody likes a rash or a bacon? What about a rash or calls?
5 6705 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line WQ a M hello
All on you. Yes, sir. What's going on?
FYI public use to have a delivery service
But no, it's marketing with it. This they discontinued because I hear anything else in South Florida lack of interest
Right, it just never it just ever pan that was just a small market. I got to ask your question though
Where does a hat come from?
What do you whip that?
But oh that that
Talk about Larry King
I want more questions. Can you play any of the Paul Harvey bits that you have? Okay, no problem. Thanks for your bike. See you
Yeah, well public use to have a shop for a line thing. We got great. I used it once I told it
It was okay. I just the selection of food just leads me kind of limp. It was all right
They showed up when they were supposed to they give you like a window, you know like
Valor mattresses to give you a window and they show up on time
But I don't know unless you really have the variety of other things you're looking for it's it's okay little thing here
I made up my mind two things
Two things. Yeah, I'm gonna do it to a cloud. Well, no three things first of
I'm going over to Dominion and see if they have the dream fields pasta. I'm not gonna wait
I'm not gonna waste my time calling these people. I'm sure the shipments been made all nail the pony slow
UPS should be here
Number two, I'm gonna throw off the other nine bags of that sheer talking noodles really yes
Okay, no see when I made it last night. I ate I tried to convince myself. It's like anything else, you know, right when you have
You try to convince yourself it was good. It was not it was not
It has it is not really doesn't it tastes like
Let's have like me to be like white shoestrings
Like for sneakers, you know, okay, white shoestrings that you boiled and put pasta sauce on
Mm-hmm. It's a matter of fact the the sausage and the pasta sauce and the the sliced olives that I put in a whole concoction
That would have been fine with some cheese without the pasta. So you understand? Uh-huh
It's just something that holds something
Right and so far any of the low carb like breads and pastas that I tried have all been
So that's why I'm hoping to find that dream fields. I'll wait
But I'm taking the nine bags of this crap and I'm I'm shmit can in it
I'm putting in a garbage bag and throwing it down the old shoe
Not gonna keep eating this stuff just because I bought it to convince myself that it's good. It sucks
And number three, you know more this
Seed you think great. I'm giving both of you guys permission to like
Clarence up in a hallway when the show is over at two o'clock and just have everybody come with a baseball bat and just beat him senseless
I have a sock with a bar so open it where there's no sense
There's no feeling but anyway, just give it give you a very shot
Leave us alone on the show. Okay. We're trying to best we can under impossible circumstances leave us alone
Greg did everything you could to destroy it and now you're like putting on the finishing touches
WDQ I am hello
Okay
You're
Posting the word we're gonna be on the website so we know they're gonna be an advance of people coming to plan to be there
Oh, yeah, okay. We'll put it out a couple weeks ahead. Okay, so people can make their plans
Yeah
You know the word we're just not doing enough. That's right if we would just if we just lay it up
We're gonna send you a golden graved invitation to mail right to your house about three weeks ahead of time
And then we're gonna lay out like the red carpet that
We're gonna have like a band to be there your favorite record your house
The new songs. Yeah, we're gonna have like catered with a whole bunch of free meals
Some shots of what I always does just potatoes couple of bottles of fine wine. Maybe some champagne
There you go get out of here
Somebody Q. I am hello
Yeah, who picked the colors what does that mean?
They're like a little game like purple and white colors. The colors are from this cover to CD
Oh, I'm sorry
I just salad with what with those mushrooms that you bought you
Mushroom that and buy any mushrooms that much sure talking noodles. He's thinking of shatake mushrooms
necessarily we starting Monday. We're taking four million calls today
Now this is scary to me shatake mushrooms this guy thinks I'm talking about I know what those are sir
And I'll tell you what you're you're full of the first part. So you got some troops
He's full of the first part of that word
Sure talking noodles these are Japanese low-carb noodles. Okay. That's what I've been talking about for days now on his show
He's talking about shrooms and I can make chicken Mars salad. Yeah, you can make chicken something. All right, Pally
So have your orders let's just oh
God their magic
That's a rich russet and Ryan St John has been marking 100 years. No, but no, so he is
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
Oh, he's short today Q a m hello probably shorter breath
Somebody Q a m hello
And they ban and pet rescue fundraiser to book or a tone we got all the money up here in Boka. Yeah, okay. Good luck to you
Stay there
WQ a m hello
Yes, sir
I want to congratulate you on your 30 years
And I want to thank you
Yeah, and uh, how do you show your down here?
Yeah, yeah, he's getting the next line for me with his friend. Yeah
Tom Tom to coach you a little bit faster. It's only a four hour show
Next line come on you can do it
Now you can't do it
5 6 7 0 5 6
I told him that we're getting all different kind of idiots
That's your otaki true man. Those are the best
You can make a heck of a fantastic veal cutlet farmer jump farmer Gianna
Sounds good. Yeah. Oh my god. How is the I want today from
John DeVaker free. I mean great fabulous. Yes, and in fact it is three makes it even more fabulous, right?
Tasty. That's my favorite sauce. Get any skinny. How about some low-carb skinny? I'll send you guys some sure otaki
Oh noodles great. I'll cook them up right now in fact up from this slide right down on E5
I'll just put a container
Ship them across the lake and they'll just hop on the Hershey highway
And then slip right down to the interstate
There they're there slippery. They're chewy. They're nasty. They're like uh
In other words if you want a new restaurant somebody cooked you up some fettuccine and they put it
All the way and give it to you you'd say you'd spit it right out you say are you kidding me?
You you call this food
So why the hell am I trying to convince myself?
WCYM hello
Yes
WCYM hello
WCYM hello
WCYM hello
QAM
Yeah and um ask one of Q's this by
Have fun at what?
I don't know I missed it. I do this
Houston's
Like 20 said I don't get we're going to Houston she took me to Houston to Josh
Yeah Josh is taking the first day. Yeah, it's funny. He mentioned if that's what he said I can tell what they're doing
Um because I was thinking about that the other day about how both of you are such boneheads
You know you don't order it would be like going to Denny's in order to bring a steak
I'm not comparing he said for me. They're just some places that you don't order steak and here's what is not a steakhouse
Boyd there once and I thought it wasn't a place. No, but it's not well
I asked you what's their signature then their signature thing is like burgers and big salads and soups
Really because it's not called Houston's burger house
It's not
It's a called just Houston's
So I wouldn't know things pretty good. I'm ignorant
So I ordered a steak
I
Thought it was a steak place. So today
Well, you probably wonder what I'm doing. I'm just I threw out that last page. I was a lot of worry
What I wasn't wondering oh, I'm not either
12.56. So what do we got now? What'd you give me at last? Or you didn't give me one
Yeah, well we were at 4.60 last I heard
In other words, we haven't had an update since then. That's gonna be it because he's leaving now
He's coming out of there already really you mean call rolling we can make them stay if we want to
No, no, I don't know why you want to do that. You're brutal man. You are just a bastard. That's right
Wonder your wife hates you like poison. Anyway. Oh
Why no way hate her like poison 12.57 a QM beach. Hello
This is not a tomb. It's the one to two hour
Hi, this is Clay Aiken. Thank you for making my new single the number one song in America
Now girls listen. Yes, we all have our moments our difficult times when our little friend comes to visit
I know what you're thinking play is it true? Do you have menstrual cramps like us? Why of course I do
And that's why the maker of America's favorite muscle relaxer and painkiller has asked me
America's favorite key she to endorse the on you American my dog
American my dog for those times you feel bloated you're cramping and you feel just down right bitchy
You know when you're well you're aching
American my dog endorsed by me Clay Aiken the guy gal who finished second to that no talent Ruben stutter
And you know, I still can't believe you people voted him as your American idol
I mean, I had no idea there was so many fat loser people out there who could operate a damn phone
I mean, what did all of you call from the pay phone at the all you can eat the faithless? I mean really I have no idea what's on American my dog
For those times when like scenes a little unfair
Abial is to break it one on one and five sisters at every QM happy Friday and same patties in two here a couple of good
Facts first one is sensational
From somebody at legal impressions and my impression is this must be a
lunatic Neil unsigned of course Neil. I was wondering you talk about how much blood shed bloodshed
There's been in the name of religion, but what about all the bloodshed? There's been because of or in the name of atheism example
So as if Stalin you are an essence endorsing a belief that mass murder Stalin endorsed
But how come you never mention that well the fact is that in those discussions I mentioned it is didn't times on here
Not only about Stalin, but how about Chairman Mao in the communist right to Chinese and then some other places those
Teleitarianism right called imposing a lack of it's the same thing those were atheists, but it wasn't atheist killing people because they weren't atheists
No, it was atheist killing people because they wouldn't they wouldn't get under right that is correct
Like the inquisition like the crusades and of course that what what does this really have to do with the price of rice
Because the fact that a matter and the fact that a matter is that atheists per se don't go around
Prasalizing trying to twist people's arms and they even offer the camera views right
We just want to be left alone. Thank you very much. Just leave people alone
Just stop trying to impose your views and make laws based on this old archaic bull crap
Okay, and you see it all over the world today. I don't see too many atheists killing people in the world today
In the name of atheism right. Don't believe or I'll kill you. All right
Yeah, trying to force other people to become atheists by I remember Madeline on hair. She was
About shooting people if they want to become an atheist
Torah
What that was this get jammed out what is this wrong? Oh, it's a dog that's racing. Oh, it's from the dog people moderately
This dog will be running in Monticello. Hopefully it gets it gives the locals up there an idea of what we think of the precious governor
At least it'll give them something to talk about
Says besides religion love you. What does that mean? I see because of jam get your about that's the name of the dog
Greyhound
Not exciting. Yeah, well obviously the dog racing people are p.o
And the people at Pomfano are I'm sure are p.o
And the people at the the thoroughbred people are p.o. And the highlight people are p.o. And rightfully so
Because your fat ass governors doing everything in his power to again subvert the will of the electorate and take something that the public voted on
They didn't vote on a watered down thing that would fail
That's not what the public had in mind or did anybody else and that's doing everything in this park and the public's dispatch
But it means that I move you know I can't help with it. Okay
You can bring a horse to water me you can't make them fart
God forbid. I hear the good news that I've been waiting for forget about those stupid noodles
Lodge timing and thanks for ever sent this somebody obviously a little more coherent than the ones give me a lecture for not talking about something I've mentioned a million times
Lodge timing for the HD DVD and Blu-ray disc optical disc formats became clearer today
With disclosure by two companies of their initial sales plans
The two formats are vying to replace current DVDs for high definition content such as movies and have pitted industry giants against each other
The main factors of HD DVD include Toshiba Corp. NEC Corp and Intel Corp. All those backing Blu-ray disc include Sony
Matsushita
And Samsung electronics Matsushita is Panasonic
Sony Corp said it's first Blu-ray display the BDPS1
BDP
So let's send you stick in your print case
Will be available in the US in just starting in July about a thousand bucks
Company and previously committed to an early summer launch
Samsung plans to put a Blu-ray display on sale in April next month
The Sony player will support a video output at a thousand eighty lines of resolution progressive scan and company said
This is dumb full HD and is the highest in several video formats considered high definition
As a concession to content providers the full HD output will only be available to an
Vi-N-HDMI high definition multimedia interface connection
Owners of TV sets without an HDMI connector will be able to watch up to a one thousand eighty line interlaced signal
Something rather part of this is chopped off
Sony has priced its first desktop computer that'll have a Blu-ray disparate the driver will be able to do with the something
The right hand column of this is chopped off
Sony will start selling these in April
And something
This doesn't make any sense to me because the wording is a whole bunch of it is chopped off on the right side
A bio RC will be launched in early summer now. What about the how about the starts out talking about to Shiba. What about them?
Huh, what about it?
On the HD DVD side this article sucks like I said over Mac world. What do you expect Mac world?
On the HD DVD side Warner Home video said it'll start selling HD DVDs. He'll say for 18 million dollar baby
Want to see that? No last sammy ride. No fandom of the opera. That's a really good
I want to see it. I know this will cost $29 each and we'll also have titles including Batman begins
Don't want to see it constantly training day in the matrix. Fair
Warner's a launch time in the first HD DVD contender your launch day calls into question to see this plan to
Something in March to launch in March to Shiba said that they intense to synchronize launch of its first players and
Available to your content the launch plans of other studios yet to be announced but to Shiba statement
Then it's the later months you're not the content
Out of words of this can't come on till nice month. There's no sense in launching in this month is what she was saying
What I was sure was a circuitous way to get around to it and kill some tremendous time
Is what I would say start with yeah
Oh, and by the way
Taliban video shows beheadings and other gruesome acts they got on their now. It's currently occurred just in the last few months
Right the Taliban remember we're supposed to have we we defeated the Taliban. We'll leave them right in the comments
There's not not and last that I saw a thing on a cbc about how old smart dad over there the dictator in Pakistan our good friend
The general
Pervert Wusharov how he's
Aiding in a banana one there was one hand. They're like killing a few of them
But on the other hand, they like the Taliban because they were the ones that stuck them in their first place
And they like having disruption at Afghanistan. They want to have a disorganized disruptor that Afghanistan
They figure it's good for them because it makes them more important to the USA
How do you like that?
Uh-huh. So on the other hand, they're aiding in a betting the Taliban who are stronger than ever and in some parts of Afghanistan are back running the show
I poppy
How many people we got checked in here 1294 will have over 1300 by one and cut to a clock. That's not so good on this thing
God's Taliban if you have Arabs
Central Asians, Chechnis, African
The same kind of groups of people that you had in Afghanistan before 911
Adorting challenge in the war on terror. Right. Adorting challenge
That was another mission accomplished. You're right. There was all down there's that cure a philch. She's behind it
Send her ass over there right now
Scare her ass on a stick
Now, let's see how we do with those bottom groups still a one non-Hispanic white female out of 25 forget about those young chicks
Okay, George forget about them
I already forgotten
Moved in and look at these other ones mostly this
Asian female 2554 Asian female 125 well listen. How could we have any Asian listeners in South Florida? There are no Asians
How many how many Asians Japanese and Chinese people and Vietnamese and Korean live in South Florida?
Total so the fact that we got about the 10 or 12 on there we're doing pretty good
We got almost half the whole uh Chinese and the Japanese population in South Florida
As opposed to here where we got holy and philopeanos
Let me ask how many philopeanos live in South Florida?
I would say yeah
All the rest of them are here and they're all gay believe me out of control
Dog Thompson your buddy writes and there's an interesting picture. This is a picture we've all seen bushes
Salute uh-huh to a cameraman from his term as governor of Texas where he's given him the middle digit
You see that yeah, of course. I have it really cute
Dog Thompson's Republicans say bushes arrogance is is downfall arrogance. How can it be that dumb and be arrogant?
Sit down with a Republican member of Congress party leader or political strategist me here of recurring theme
President George W Bush has gotten too big for his virtues and needs to be taken down in notch or two
The White House has been non responsive and arrogant in Mid-South Carolina Republican center Lindsey Graham
Who adds that he and fellow Republicans put put up with it when things are going well
But says problem is weird. They're a hedge when things are not going well
And things are not going well for the troops at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
Public opinion polls showed Bush's job approval and popularity ratings in free fall especially among Republicans
A new poll by Pew Research says 70% of Americans feel the president went to the rack war without a clear plan more than a half
Said they feel he lied about his reasons for invading the country
The president has a political ten years as minister of Republican center norm Coleman
Normally one of Bush's strong supporters and a real jackass by the way norm Coleman former college roommate of Norma Kent
Norma Coleman says he needs to shake up his staff and those around him
Mrs. Cippie sender the cheerleading Trent lot former Republican leader joined the course of those calling for new blood in the White House
Even suggesting Bush hire a former GOP senator who helped the administration deal better out with the Hill
Republicans in both houses and Senate still fume over the aborted to by-ports deal
He admired supreme court nomination debacle and the failure back war and other administration scrubs
How about the Katrina which they see as hurting them back home with voters
Others say Bush's ever against when a lawmaker approaches the White House for help adds to the anger
They point out the White House hung south the court of Republican center john Thune out to dry as a prime example
Thune recruited an all-out GOP effort to defeat House Democrat leader Tom Dachel one by promising to keep Elzworth Air Force base open
When the Pentagon targeted the Elzworth for closing to the peer of the Bush for help Bush's response. Why are you whining?
This administration needs to help us if they want us to help them in angry Thune says
He's seen them different too in these days
Republicans complain openly about how they feel Bush misled them on the true cost of the Medicare direct prescription program
Florida representative Tom Fini calls it buyers remorse when he talks about finding out he was lied to by the White House
It was probably our greatest failure in my adult life time he adds
The anger is not limited to Republicans in old office conservative budget expert and author Bruce Bartlett calls Bush a trade-in to the legacy of Ronald Reagan
adds that Bush has sold off both in party and the nation
Even staunch White House defender Peggy Nungen says recent scandals surrounding the White House in Congress show a new Republican culture and different to government
Largest William Bap Buckley the conservative conservative now labels the invasion of Iraq a mistake
The most damning critique of the Bush administration is that it's failed to foster political service and intellectual allies
Since Daniel Cassie seen him director the White House writers group and advisory for Republican presidents
There are a few Bush Republicans who champion his toughest strong government
When is appropriating in the low 40s and now in low 30s? It's safe to assume no one's running the 2008 presidential race on a platform of continuing the Bush
Thank God the only question is it's only 2006 early
You know I'm saying
Right can we make it till 2008 and what kind of looser will they come up like that one other article said what kind of
National disaster what kind of
Terrorist attack will happen between now and then or maybe before November is this this election
Oh surprises. Yeah surprise we go again more buildings being blown up
Please watch here. I'm telling they won't do it though
No, it's a conspiracy
They won't want to well. No, not just that if they won't make the effort to even like click on there and send 20 bucks for the
CD or the even if they're gonna throw it out like you know, I spent a hundred bucks for these noodles
They were very cheap but the shipping was exorbitant
I'm gonna put them in a in a plastic sack and one of my garbage sands and throw them down the shoot right at two o'clock
I might do it on this break, huh? I said all shoot. Yeah, I shoot. I'm gonna my two during this break just to make sure I don't change my mind
They're slimy. They're slippery. They're nasty
They're like they're like like chew it on rubber bands
113 NQA and when you
Three years after several by the way, how we doing out there? I'm probably all wrapped up now. I would think well, yeah, roll you
Roll over with a with a five piece
Five piece band five bills 500
So that's half of what we were hoping for
half
Now I said what we were hoping for was 72725 that we got us to our 19 grand that's what we were hoping for 7 and a quarter
Couldn't do it a five piece
Chinkway
Chinkley Mealy
Chinkway Chanto
So
Sorry, sorry
20 when we got 18,0775 that's the last you'll hear of it for me
We're giving the totals every now and then because it'll be going on our website you can click right on there
We'll says run as far as the colors of the t-shirt that jackass you know all these people
Why don't you will put it on your website and make it up and what about the colors of the t-shirt who picked those out
There's the same color as the color of the CD fact I got my
errr
And I would worry very proudly even though the colors maybe a little yeah, well, what's what's what what does that mean?
What are gay colors? Okay, what does that mean pink?
No, what is no pink on this there's yellow and blue and purple and a little white
And that's it those are doing gray gray like in the tombstone
In the cemetery there and then there's a little brown
Okay, a little brown like on a most muskratless brown and my shoes are brown which I don't wear brown shoes
You know, do I wear an outfit like that? Oh, there's my new outfit. That's always worried about my wardrobe
That's right. There's my new outfit for it. So then you think that guy's gonna want to buy a no
See a lot of you people that talk a big a bunch of crap and who like you know, you're just always there
You're ever present. You're not gonna give us like two cents. You wouldn't give anybody two cents probably because you don't have two cents
Or fitisate
Let's talk about it. How got anybody who's got a life?
Be I don't want to say you know I'm talking yeah, I did
They're like non productive creatures. I would say non productive people, but that would mean shelter like real people
Non productive creatures
so 18,775 we gots
And you know so so we can come up with 20 grand for those folks over there
You know minus the 500 beeslies that's 15 grand
It's the best we can do unless of course. I was thinking I'll a rocky horror preacher show
We could take deaf and clearance where the two individuals responsible for this debacle this year
And we can put them up like on a stage
You know what I'm saying?
And let people know and hand out tomatoes and eggs and let people throw a variety of
Vegetables and fruits we could sell these tomatoes
Like a five bucks per tomato. Yeah five bucks per toss. I think that's it
Just time and put like a red rubber ball in each one's mouth. Give me a hundred bucks worth and we can also put
Joy stuff there in the same stage. Yeah, but I would add come and send that listen to me
I'd spend about a thousand dollars for that if they were $20 tomatoes. I'd buy
Ha ha ha ha
I don't even Josh might go for a couple of those. I could do that. Yeah
Watch it below me. Yeah. Oh, it's got big ideas, but they don't want to lift a finger man
I'm let me lift the same finger that your president was lifting there to that camera man in Texas. That's my finger clearance. You idiot
Three years after Sodom, New Fear is hotter rackies. Oh, everything's going on well. Oh, we're still in the news
Three years after us forces invaded to overthrow Sodom and rackies have one preoccupation preoccupation staying alive
Oh, let's crank up the bg's come on
Everyday I feel like I'm waiting in a queue for deaths at one bag that lawyer too frightened to be named in print
I head to the march 20th invasion anniversary where I disaster dozens of rackies if life was now better or worse
There we go
Staying alive. That's where it's at. Where's John Rahul for that's right? He's still in the closet with Tom Cruise
Most were gloomy at best and prevalent with New Fear is replacing old ones
The parliament that meant first yesterday is got a huge task in terms of security life before was much better
Said businessman Adel who's saying 45 in Basra in terms of security life before was much better
But economically now it's much better
First he's in the heart of the southern Iraq oil industry
In the violent northern oil city of Kirkuk labor Ali Salman said before the war church were in killing cook place in secret
Now it's all in public the meaning of freedom is different nowadays. You're free to live and free to kill
A cautious optimism jandered by December's bloodless election is largely dissipated as politicians
Hagel overforming a government of national unity and a wave of sectarian violence has pitched direct to the vicar civil war
A sectarian dirty worst name more than a hundred victims at Baghdad the past three days alone
From the relatively calm Kurdish north through the rebellious Sunni west and the fearful streets of religiously mixed Baghdad
Oh, there's that religion again to seven Shi'ed heartlands once oppressed by Sodom
Everyone is weary of the daily
The bloodletting but other than that all we're fine doing well. I'm glad to see that aren't you?
Oh, yeah, build it up because we were there to like pre them from all that evil and stuff like that evil
We're free them from having a lot of either jewelry world. That's right
Hanoi Jane honor is defeated
Poor Jane poor misunderstood Jane now she opened up a big mouth and now mm-hmm
It won't it's ready for army traitor pico a move to want our actors Jane fine of her US sure it he work has been defeated
Because of her infamous opposition to the vietna more in the 70s
Of course, she was right about that. She just went about it in a way that the Pistari had
Senators in fondus home state of Georgia
voted 38 to one against the resolution praising fond of her charity donations and work to combat teenage pregnancy
38 to one against the resolution
Many in the west still see her as a traitor after tripped in the North Vietnamese capital of Hanoi in 1972
She has since apologized for visiting a gunsite used to shoot down U.S. planes
Republican Senator John Duck was said fond of who picked up the nickname Hanoi Jane was guilty of treason kind like our president
I can't think of no living american who's less worthy of this honor. He said well like I said our president
The resolution was sponsored by senator steen miles who said her charity work should make up for past mistakes
But even she voted
She introduced the resolution, but even she voted against an actor fond of herself tried to have a withdrawal to avoid controversy
A Republican leader forced the vote to go ahead say members of his party wanted to go out record against it
fond of who lose in Atlanta recently acknowledged her visit to an oil gun site was a betrayal of the U.S. military
With the largest lapse of judgment I could even imagine she said but she said she didn't regret meeting american prison's
Voir in North Vietnam or making broadcasts on radio Hanoi
She's one oscar is in for roles in clued and coming home in the 70s have been on the five of this time in a partridge and a fair treat
And she ain't no Henry fond and she sure is how I know a Peter fond or the other way around
How's he doing by the way?
I don't have that motorcycle sickle
So I mean in fact they had a thing on the whole family on the fund is on a bio channel
That's one of my very favorite channels, you know, are you fond of the fund? I'm fond of that channel
Not too fond of the fund, but that are all right
Well, he's he's still pretty dead Henry whole hank the whole is the 140 in that last movie he was in
Where did we old guy?
What are these facts as you're sending here's one that says
I mean this uh, I don't get it
Oh no
Norm Coleman is the cousin of Sid Rosenberg
Wow, that explains a lot doesn't it because Norma can't with somebody by Norm Coleman with a slime ball
He has one idiot so he's a came to Sid Rosensteinberg over across the street
I don't really think about those people across the street because they have nothing to do with us
Who and say exactly
27 past one a QA him with thousand dollars and one count
Hey
Reality
You need to try and be honest by sending them off your dial
Oh Lord, I can say, you have a smile
You should give a camera sign, look at the picture you find
We've got to choose you, get to a side
Oh, Jesus, the child, you say, you have a smile
Oh, Jesus, the child, you say, you have a smile
Get to choose, we do need to rush away
Phone is calmed, you've got to choose, baby
'S 1943 movie. Every storm out there
Go find the right girl and known how to take photos
Oh, you owe this thing to me
I'd often delivers a smile
Where boy has never fought with love
Who had a vaccine?
How does arty时 are they?"
The children are put on camera
Yeah, all your parents got to bring washing your little kids and feeding them with a lot of bubble mice.
Is maybe ought to be in jail for parental malpractice.
Oops.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
And you know something now that is, another is Lent.
Can I be Lent?
I've asked that a few times.
Can we not?
It's so hot.
And we just had a Wednesday on my anniversary.
Was that on March 1?
Was the ass Wednesday?
Okay.
See, I thought it was like a joke.
I thought it was like an old tradition from like the ancient.
And then I find out that Catholics actually, the really dumb ones, they go around the Shmur, the ashes on their forehead.
I've never seen that.
If I saw some of the ashes on it.
Huh?
Have you ever seen it?
Absolutely.
Get out of here.
By in other words, these are people of walk around in public and they Shmur ashes on their forehead.
It's the show up at school like that.
We got people that show up at work in this building on the floor.
Oh my God.
Yeah, right in here.
By the people with ashes on their forehead.
For serious, it was at a joke.
Come on.
For serious?
For serious because it was ass Wednesday?
How about if it was ass Wednesday?
Why didn't they have a lecture on their forehead?
Well, they probably did the night before.
That's who put the ashes on there.
You thought they were ashes, huh?
It was ashes.
Wow.
Oh man.
Sometimes it's difficult to wash out those nasty stains, you know?
That is bad.
I mean, here I'm 100 years old and I've been around all this time.
And I never realized that there actually are those people.
Talk about brainwashing.
You even get people doing the thing you want.
Yeah.
And they talk about the people with the cool aid and the poison pudding.
Right.
That should come as no surprise.
You just have to lie a lot, you know.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Well, listen to Jesus wanted it.
What the hell did Jesus, by the way, have to do with ashes on your forehead?
Where did that come from?
Oh, I don't know.
Gotta ask the Catholic.
Well, I see.
Well, I'm asking two of them sitting right there.
No, the Catholic.
I got out of there.
I got out of there.
I am.
Yeah.
Come on, Mr. Accordist.
Let's go.
That angel ain't coming from me.
I thought that was ridiculous.
I've never just redicted my forehead in my life.
Yeah.
You've smeared it a little, but that's not what I heard.
As a child, I thought that was ridiculous.
Yeah.
There's smearing ashes on your forehead.
Come on you people.
Stop being morons, man.
Jesus, if somebody took me to take like 16-stale humiliation, they'd have left over from
poor and smear all the amone on your forehead.
Would you do it?
Would you be elected?
That would make you among brain.
Right.
How about wave of tricking over your head and then sacrificing it?
Now you're talking.
Now you're talking.
I make some sense to me.
Now, of course, if it's got the bird food, I'll wave it too fast.
Some of that food might just do it.
That's right.
And then of course, don't forget to nail a manzooza on the Adorframe.
Outside your apartment or house.
Evil spirits.
People, spirits out.
Oh, what are you?
What about human races in the conditions today?
I don't think.
Take a look at those geckys over there.
Would you please?
The Taliban, my ass.
And the shite.
And the Kurds in the way.
And oh my god, and the Sunnis.
Jesus, God, are you talking about tribal people who are living like in a stone age?
And if they're out now, we're going to make them sure they are pretty soon.
And the women sure got a good day now too, right?
Thank God I'm looking at so much better than they had it before.
Not.
Yeah, we got a spread democracy like they have in Saudi Arabia and Egypt and Kuwait.
Oh, are the good Jordan, all of them are great.
The UAE, right?
Gutter.
Right.
You talk about gutter religions.
Tennessee speaking of religious insanity and intolerance.
Because that's what religion is all about intolerance.
Your gods are going to go, oh my god, I got the good god.
You're going to hell.
Now, now I got the virgins down and then I'm at Tennessee can sell licensed plates that say choose life just like Florida,
just like your fat ass governor, right?
That's right.
And even though it does not for a moment an abortion rights message, a federal appeals court rule today.
The ACLU of Tennessee had sued over the especially licensed plate approved by the Tennessee legislature in 2003 and went eroding against the tag from a lower court that said it illegally promoted only one side of the abortion debate.
Although in this exercise of government one side and this with respect to a very contentious political issue may be advised, we are unable to conclude that the Tennessee statute contravenes the first amendment judge John M. Rogers, no relation said they to the one ruling by a three judge panel of the 60
assertive appeal in Cincinnati.
Government can express public policy views by a lot of way you do understand the South Dakota thing that whole thing they're trying to do up there with the abortion is to try to make that the test case of the Supreme Court,
not the guy not to use on right.
They got Sam a leader one there, so they want to like send and the Supreme Court by the way in for the hear it but nevertheless they're trying.
The government can express public policy views by listening private volunteers to disseminate its message and there's no principle under which the first amendment can be read the prohibitive government from doing so because the views are particularly controversial or politically divisive.
Whatever that means sounds like double talk to me sounds like something out Kelly would have said.
Federal courts have been divided over license plate programs in a dozen states like Florida or constitutional last year the US Supreme Court let's stand lower court ruling that said similar South Carolina license plates violated the first amendment.
Let me read that again last year the UN course that was last year Supreme Court say Tennessee drivers paying extra fee for the tunes like played in the proceeds go to new life resources and anti abortion group you know cost a lot for those guns and bullets.
The plates had stood considerable debate governor Phil breds and let the measure become law but the client decided and yours lawmakers to develop a new approach to deciding which causes would benefit from the sale of specialty plates.
Tennessee's got more than 120 specialty plates most of them saluting unconversial subjects like the Tennessee Titans football team those smokies and the Tennessee walking horse and the Tennessee walking horses asked.
So even the governor of Tennessee is more enlightened than the governor of Florida which ain't saying much your fat ass governor with his dysfunctional family.
By the way how's the chief doing there chief Timiny how's this kid doing at 45 million.
Oh yeah we'll see him do more.
We got the rungle kids to consent with this matter fact I think we're hearing just about as much about that deal is we are about Ariel Sharon.
I'm telling you man two more two more pro home in touch and that would have put him over the edge tumor.
14119 maybe he's doing the same stuff that Milosevic was taken that could be it.
First group.
I talk to see I'm a fee was very tell.
Absolutely.
This is the reason.
The.
For me or they have the big convention.
The important.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
Oh they were speaking in tone.
That's a me.
I believe.
This kind of fun.
This is get out of my mouth.
Speaking time.
They got me believe.
I can't wait.
From side to side.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
Who told you to go.
Who told you to go.
Tell me now.
Who said that.
God followed cheer.
Call the ambulance!
olive wrap.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a bad guy.
KForugh.
All the fairytales, all the bubble-mises, all the time, and that's why the world is in the shape it's in today.
I know in Northern Ireland, speaking of St. Paddy's Day, a good old time religion man, it really brings all the people together.
So they can throw rocks at each other and kill each other.
And maybe an occasional una bomba, pecania, or garande, is the case maybe.
All of these things. Not to mention, of course, the Jews and the Erragans.
1354 folks have checked in today. That's not too bad, huh?
And then over the weekend, by Monday morning, we'll have like two million, right?
Right. Easy.
Then, over the weekend, as when all the old Cuban women are going to check in.
And all the old Puerto Rican women.
Aren't you interested in that?
No.
Hispanic white females under 25, we got three.
Now, that is interesting. That is more interesting today.
The phrase, Hispanic white female under 25, three, but non-Hispanic white female under 25, one.
So no anglais. We got, is he what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Romeo and a ganglet.
We got who yet?
Three, but only one.
Now, that's pretty interesting, huh? Of course, the show, it man, it was Cuban women.
It was young Cuban women. It was hop-blooded young Cuban ladies, man. That's where it's at.
Is it? I wouldn't know.
Yeah, I don't know. You tell me the ones that are leading with all that jewelry?
I can't tell you anything.
And it's you.
Not a Cuban. Never had the pleasure.
You never had the pleasure of interacting in any way, sure, perform with a young Cuban lady?
I went out on one date once with one, and nothing came of it.
Really? Really?
Now, what about you, Josh? You've a man of the world.
This man of the scene?
Have I been with a Cuban?
Yeah, I have.
What about girl?
Oh, that was so cool.
Oh, that was a little funny.
I said to you up in the radio over there. That was bad.
Well, the way you're the one that said it, you should have said when a Cuban chick is what you should have said for quite a lot.
You're a man of the same age. You've been chicken.
I bet she was in good shape.
Come on.
He was.
Yeah.
I've been with a plot of Reacon, too.
Reacon?
Oh, and a George couldn't get past the smell.
Now, I just had to take a joke. It's just a joke.
Oh, I see.
But that's what you always say.
I don't.
Part of weekends don't smell bad.
I don't say that.
Oh, I would just joke it.
Well, I figured if I got him, I'd get you, too.
I don't know.
Two birds with one bullet, just like that magic bullet, the Arlene Spectrified on the stretcher, and part of the hospital.
What are you talking about?
Is Josh been with a squad?
I have not.
All right. Well, I got one on it.
You got him beat there.
And the Guamian.
Fats Domino.
Here's some good news.
We're walking into New Orleans, his Katrina Flutter house at Gutted in full of treasures this week.
As a crew from the Louisiana State Museum arrived in the lower 9th Ward of Selvets, the beloved musicians.
Two Steinway Grand Pianoes and a smaller record, World Serpiano.
G that it was a World Serp, that sat at the foot of his big bed.
Next week, huge jar of pickled pig's feet.
Oh, no.
I'd rather eat those slimy noodles.
Pickled pig's feet.
They had a thing on the news the other day about all those pickles.
Pigs feet that they export from England all over the world.
Well, when you remember in standing in the shadows of Motown, to see where they were gravitated at between concert stops,
they kicked the one brother right out of the car because he had the pickled pig's feet.
Oh.
They had the smell, the stench, and they were all gagging and puking and the...
Oh, like that.
The museum is negotiating with the Domino family to send the pianos and further deterioration include them in a plant national tour in New exhibit,
about the August hurricane and subsequent flooding.
It's a Greg Lambousi, director of collections of the museum.
Fats was rescued by a boat, August 29th, as the flood of water's rosiness neighborhood.
Domino's blonde brick house did the corner of Captain St. Claude Avenue's as a rock and roll shrine.
It's windows sealed with hurricane shutters.
The house was as dark as a tomb.
State Museum of Fishers and a work crew wearing white uniforms headed to the home of the Psalm demeanor of archaeologists.
The first discover was an overturned legless white stoneway besides a muck-filled fish tank.
The rest of the large room was empty.
It's well wrapped with a 10 foot high watermark.
It took six officials and worked men to write up the piano, which had a keyboard that looked like an old man with just a few teeth.
Oh, God.
Oh, yeah, he was a woodbind neck, I yesterday.
Boy, he smelled it, everybody.
Anyway, so...
Oh, it wants to pay some...
Oh, oh...
Also on the floor lay a plastic and case holder cover that activity scene on one side and a pray to obtain favors on the other.
Now we know why the Lord spared Fats housing.
This is the new...
This is the new...
This is the new...
This is K-pan.
Yeah.
Oh.
Your sis, please read this song.
Oh, that's quite an exciting thing.
Sure.
W-K-A-L.
Thank you for listening.
Oh, and let's start by connecting back a bit later.
Yeah.
Her example is Jiro Carne.
That's three-part in Game Witch.
Don't go to the bottom of my TV.
He's president of the f***ing hole.
Repel against muscle-in and in articulate idiot.
I don't know why they were the ones that got out of the blue season.
First news in this for you.
That's your movie president.
F***ing hole.
Oh what I get to have both ones more
And get to window-voted more.
If you want this, come to the bottom of this drumming stupidity.
Find this one and get rich kid.
No, no, no, no, he's even.
Lover than me.
I'll be his president of f***ing hole.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got a man by hook or a hook with a Christian.
All it knows what's best for you and I.
But don't go fear it.
We've got a great leader in this.
With president.
F***ing hole.
Okay, 158.
Don't forget we've got the a-
A-
A-
A parents are going to be at.
Can I sit on the right and cut the crap you've been at?
Today, tomorrow and Sunday, you're going to be running your own today.
Just today, man.
Come by.
But today, a man dog will be there.
At 49's grill, 5181, sheer and screen-huller.
Come by with a bag of money and make us feel better.
Let's get to that final goal of 20 grand.
Isn't that the final goal?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something like that.
We can leave it up there for freaking every now.
It's going to be a toll down.
It's going to be a toll down.
For the next 10 years until we get to $100,000 until every last CD, old key chain, every
t-shirt with those baggy colors on it till everything is sold, it's going to be on there,
right?
Right.
We've even got an old bottle of olive oil that you left here will sleep be selling that to.
Right.
I'm going to smear that on my noodles right at two o'clock.
There's a good idea for the weekend.
Something we can do.
Keep you off the streets.
What's that?
It's a cool play-babe ball.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Oh!
Let's scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
Oh, right.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used.
Use you to the torture cause they're just laying their game in the past.
It had to be worse with the dumb.
Oh!
Bye bye bye!
When it comes to entertaining, it's Neil Rogers midday.
I love it.
It's 430 on VICE.
Till the UQAM, Miami, 4th Autoday.
I'm flying the enjoy to Bush.
