We'll queue AF 560 sports fan radio.
We realized that there's only really about...
Oh, three people.
You want to hear sports all day.
Starting this Monday, we've got Gilbert and Lenny Marces from 6 to 10 AM.
Only on 560 double little full AM.
I want to act up!
Gilbert, you're at...
Our radio is the most beautiful concert of the summer.
William Hong, Connie Chong, Hong and Chong together.
We've got more than memories that we've got to show and through.
I've got bigger things to do.
But more is back raining.
That baby's house have built.
Your fears will bleed.
So obnoxious you have a stroke.
Being for the memory.
William Hong, and Connie Chong, Hong Chong bullies us.
We're back! We're back!
Oh, baby!
I'm too young to move!
We've got the bags for the first hundred people.
I'll ride.
One thing about Connie, man, she may not be good, but she's at least consistent.
Everything she's involved in is a total flop.
You know what I'm saying?
I did.
She's flopping on it.
They haven't tried to...
I asked you what's flopping on it.
I'm top of the piano and she just silly big.
At any rate, that's a good news, man, on the schedule horizon.
Look at that.
George is going to be on next Tuesday because it's the fourth of July.
And a big paid talent like me to work on holidays.
Didn't I make a netch?
I asked before I went on vacation.
Yes, you did.
Fourth of July, that's George.
It's all you.
And then the sixth of July, which is a week from Thursday, we got up Marlon Gagey.
Oh, no!
What if we get across 30?
Well, when you live right.
So anyway, I was inspired to take this pool because of my experience in Berlin.
Not the one I told you about, but the other one.
The soccer experience.
Wow.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
And the worst part of it is now that the two friends that I took over there now,
that's all they talk about is soccer.
And a soccer team.
And Ecuador and Ukraine.
And what a big football.
I can't fight.
And I actually did force myself to watch some of it.
I mean, I didn't go to either of those games.
Wait, we pretended to care about the, you know, I say Ghana game and it was brutal.
Ghana, we are, man.
Yeah, yeah.
It's just pathetic.
It is so ponderous and just goes and talk about diving.
That's all they do is just dive.
Even in the Olympic swimmers, they never see so much diving.
Diving.
Oh, gee, they're holding their, they're rising, they're holding their leg.
And then all of a sudden, like the one guy that took him off the field in the stretcher,
like 10 seconds later, he just comes running back on the field just far.
But anyway, that's the world for you.
If you wonder whether so many problems in the world just look at that.
Soccer.
Our poll today, or then, or don't we have yesterday's poll that you did?
Let's do that one and see, I'm out of touch with this, I'm out of practice.
Yeah, I want to know what the result is for.
Oh, 959 votes.
Pretty weak.
You'd even get a thousand out of total.
What did you do?
A little around with a poll?
I started at 10.
No, that's not good.
In fact, I would have started my lot sooner, except that every time I keep,
if I fax Eric the poll about three times, if I fax him about three, four times,
then finally, he decides he's going to put on it.
He's busy, man.
When you know what the fact of the machine per se, he's going to be able to do the problem at the house.
I understand, he gets his faxes on the computer.
And by the way, Miguel, how about that MySpace.com forward slash Neil God thing?
What's nobody bothered to tell me about that?
You told me this morning.
A lot of news of QAM Fatboy is gone.
So I guess not a fatboy who called me this morning before the show.
Hi, I'm Tally.
There you go.
We'll keep playing that to keep his memory lingering on.
So I guess we take the padlock off the apprized closet where they have the candy bars in now.
Right.
Take that off the other food cabinet and all those other things.
He was thanking me profusely this morning for everything I did for him, which I have no idea what that is,
since he never sold my show.
But anyway, here's your poll.
For the most part, how do you acquire new recorded music?
I should end up a category winner.
George sends it to me.
I got 3600 songs on my iPod.
Well, that counts as a copy from a friend.
I got my docking station man.
I got my dockers for old cockers.
I'm a Hemp and Cool almost as Hemp and Cool as Squares.
Squares a cardboard box.
Anybe and Daddy.
Yeah, I really am.
For the most part, how do you acquire new recorded music?
I buy CDs.
Oh God, 324.
Well, I do that sometimes.
I buy some CDs.
In fact, I would have probably had to buy a lot more of them if weren't for you.
You send me all that good digitized stuff.
That to me, there are a lot of things that I marvel at.
Television and the fact that I'm sitting here talking and people can hear it.
There are things that are really amazing.
But when you actually download into your iPod,
off that digital stuff, off your iTunes,
and you watch it takes like a half a second for the whole song to go in there.
And you watch those little...
Like that.
I found an old box of tapes that I'd made.
Painstaking, real-time recording song after a song.
Yeah.
So that I could play it in the car and think,
and God, what insanity that was.
Yeah.
And here I was from at a technology we've got.
Man, it's really something that's far out.
I buy CD324.
I don't.
I don't acquire new recorded music 243.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't say it again.
Take your FM radio and Schmidt can.
It flushes down the toilet, okay?
And all this crap about it.
Oh, they just have a thing on CNN where Sirius wants to buy out XM.
Uh-huh.
So they're thinking you have to golf on Vaughn and Sirius instead of XM.
I mean, forget about that.
When you can have all this music on your MP3 and your iPod and your phone and your...
You can even download...
So right into your...
Correct.
So I'm hearing if you have a not long enough...
You!
Yeah.
That's what I heard.
That grade?
Have a wireless receiver in there just so I can do that.
Man, oh man, when you sit on the throne, can you imagine the music you could make?
Some port already do.
Anyway, download using file sharing sites and programs,
live wireless, etc.
Oh no, 192.
Don't be doing that now.
192.
What are you laughing about?
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
I've never heard before.
Oh.
I just got it.
Download from a digital download site like iTunes, etc.
91.
I hate this poll 57.
Not too many.
Friends give me copies 48.
Well, we must have a lot of lonely people out there because if you had any friends...
Oh, yeah.
...they'd be giving you music.
What does that mean?
That was my copy.
That's right.
Yeah, there you go.
Friends give me copies only 48.
And I'm in the business so I get music for free only for.
And there's must have been inside the building from the other end of the building.
Do we know any of the people, by the way, in Power 96 do we know who they are or what they're all about?
I know some of them.
And some of them know us.
Yeah.
Some of us actually know the brand new year.
We have 20 to tie our Lucy Lopez.
Oh, and why are you away?
I'm sure did Josh bring in on that miracle we had with Ricky Tiki-Kronin?
Yes.
That was it.
That was my psychic powers at its utmost again.
And that had to be it.
Because all the lines were flexion.
It was one of those, you know, I wasn't taking many calls.
And I punched up line two.
We had about 10 minutes to go.
And it was Ricky Tiki.
He told me that it was him, but I was so anxious to get down.
That was the last day before my vacation.
And so Rick Shaw, who is 50 years in a radio business called in that day and told us he actually is going to walk.
He pledged to wash that cap once this year.
Dry clean, I hope.
No, he's just going to wash it in the sink problem.
Well, it might shrink then.
Just wash it off.
And he can load it to rush.
Maybe it's got some prescriptions on it.
Oh, this poor rush man.
I want to go stop picking up pill popping rush.
Oh boy.
The pill popping?
Yeah.
Rush limp ball.
This is going to be his new name.
If he needs all this vigra, Rush limp ball.
There's a bit for poker right there for chicken.
And by the way, chicken, check, go out in the mail today.
He bugs me a little bit.
You know, I love him and he does some great stuff.
But he just, like I'll come on.
And then he sent me, he sent me an email.
He signed a fake banter.
And there's only, see your life.
And you don't even know who that is.
He explained it to me.
Oh, didn't he?
Yeah.
I sent him an email and I signed it.
I should email the back.
It said, thanks very much, pay way in.
It's signed it's pay way in.
Anyway, Rush lim ball was detained for more than three hours Monday at Palm Beach International
Airport after a three.
He said they found a bottle of vigra in his possession without a prescription.
Customs officials found a prescription bottle labeled as Vigra in his luggage that didn't
have lim ball's name on it.
But that of two doctors said Paul Millis, spokesman for the Palm Beach County Sheriff's
Office, two doctors.
He's got a lot of doctors and a lot of pills and a lot of problems.
Wouldn't you think that if he was murdered there in Kagan?
Because she was, you know, she's not bad.
I mean, if you try to be objective about it, even though you hate her like poison, she's
not bad.
He probably shouldn't need any vigra.
But after taking all those oxies and having his hearing already, he needs, he's got issues.
Uh-huh.
A doctor had prescribed the drug, but it was labeled as being issued to the physician,
rather than to a physician.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no, he.
Rather than Mr. Limball for privacy purposes where a black lim ball's attorney sent a
witness to him, he's always got all these excuses, man.
Rush Limball.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection Examiner, the 55-year-old radio commentator's luggage,
after his private plane landed at the airport from the library, publica Dominicana said,
what's he doing in La Repula?
Dominicana then seemed like a rather strange place for a big right-wing jackass like Rush
or a lim ball.
Limball?
I guess he's copping some pills, is what he's doing.
La Repula Dominicana, maybe know some doctors down there.
The matter was referred to the sheriff's office whose investigators interviewed Limball.
According to Miller, Limball said that the vigour was for his use and that he obtained
it from his doctors.
Investigators confiscated the drugs which treats erectile dysfunction and Limball was released
without being charged.
The sheriff's office or his plans to file a report with the state attorney's office,
Miller said it could be a second-degree Mr. Meener violation.
How do you like that?
That's after his previous problems with Wilma and all the quote poppin and it's hearing
going bad and all in the oxies he was doing everything else.
He's a pill of in guy.
It's okay for him.
All the other drug use the out of the in Abu Ghrib or somewhere.
So, Nick, I'm curious as to the vetting process that-
Look at that.
Abu Ghrib released 450 prisoners.
Abu Ghrib, most of whom were like busy driving taxi cabs or whatever and they just
routed them up because they're evildoers.
They're dangerous.
They're evildoers in Liberty City, man.
Oh yeah.
They're evildoers on that ship about their California at that port.
Anyway, here's today's pool in Spartan again by all that.
And man, I'm going to tell you, if you could, you think that South Florida went crazy when
the heat won a championship, it couldn't even come close to matching the hysteria when
Germany won their third match in the World Cup.
We're watching some of the footage.
Oh my god.
And just crazy people.
All these soccer people are nuts and they're honking the horns and they're screaming and
they're going crazy although they do look very good.
Good on.
I'm telling you right now, you want to see some really hot people and maybe you'll even
get lucky and never know.
That's where to find them in Germany.
I don't care what anybody tells you about Denmark or about Sweden.
I mean, you know, anywhere you go to get fans of nice looking people, some hot people
if you're hot to try.
But if you really have to try, go to Germany and you're proud all over the place.
What's your take on a World Cup?
659 votes.
Oh, we're going to make a thousand a day during the show.
I don't want to embarrass you on this one day because let's see, I'll be on Thursday.
Now, let's see.
Do we have a ball game this Thursday?
I don't believe so.
Well, why not?
Because I don't want to have to overdo it here.
Although that is not ironic that the next Tuesday, the 4th of July in Georgia's
volunteer, he said, I'm not going to let you work on 4th of July.
That's right.
I shouldn't have to do it.
Well, should I have to do it out of the American anymore?
You shouldn't have to celebrate that day.
So how about Canada Day?
Can I get that off?
It's this Saturday.
Can I get off on that day?
You know it.
Canada Day.
Don't work on Saturday.
OK, and I will not work on the 4th of July.
But then the week from Thursday, I'll be on for like two and a half hours.
That is one heavy-do-these schedule, if you ask me.
A little bit more than I can handle.
660 FVotes, what's your take on a World Cup?
Oh, God.
Look at that abusive priest who the eyes on abuser with Paul at night and eight on CNN with
Paula.
660 FVotes on a World Cup.
Soccer is so boring.
You know, it's how I spelled it and underlined with 8.5 O's with one.
You f***ed up.
Oh, after you left.
After another.
232.
Moderately interested.
156.
186.
Moderately interested in the World Cup.
Are you moderately interested?
No.
I put so boring.
It is.
I don't want to hear about it.
I want to smell it.
I want to know from it.
Although it's that one kid from Paraguay that got injured.
They got 80 different guys named.
We're in Aldo, Rolando, Rinaldo.
We're in Aldo.
Not the one from Brazil.
But I see.
Yeah.
No, they've been Aldo from Paraguay.
Whatever.
He got injured.
I'm going to nurse him back to health.
Moderately interested.
186.
I love it.
Watch it on TV.
143.
Watching El Copo de El Mundo.
143.
What's the World Cup?
53.
I bet you I know somebody who's wearing one.
Especially in that place.
As boring as watching any other sport.
That was Georgia's choice.
He added it 25.
And I hate this poll only 24.
They like it.
They don't like soccer too much.
Well, actually, I'm surprised that let's see.
21.4% of this various student audience.
They love it.
They're watching it on TV.
They're following it.
They got their flag from all these different countries.
Flowing, flying, Ghana, and Ecuador.
I'm glad that you were all received.
You're knowledgeable guy around.
No, you knew about the Ecuadorians and the Mexicans.
They're all the same.
Injins, man.
They just live in different parts of America.
But they're all injins.
People subjugated a lot of people all over the world.
Because the Ecuadorians stayed in our hotel last two days.
They went out there asking by Germany three nothing.
And I tell you, they are really grotesque.
I felt lovely in it.
The product.
I felt like it looked pretty good.
That's why I got so lucky.
Anyway, 10, 13, 5, 60, what?
Elimination.
Yeah.
That must be it.
I got news for you, man.
When there's nobody else around for about 100 miles.
That's right.
I'm pretty hot.
How do you think I got late in Montana?
Probably the same way.
Oh, I'm speaking of Montana.
Guess what movie was on last night?
Two movies were on last night.
I started last part of a one.
And I saw the whole part of the other one.
You'll never believe it.
A riverbed.
First one was it.
Pin.
OK.
Pin, which I saw the last half of Oregon.
That's a damn good movie.
Highly underrated.
It's all right.
And the second one, which I watched the whole thing again.
Oh, he's a little jai-ca.
Oh, yeah.
Fargo.
That's right.
Yeah, something.
She is so great.
He's great.
He's not good.
She is phenomenal.
I got to go.
I'm going to burn you a copy of Raising Arizona.
Frances McDormand is so good that she
doesn't have a huge part in the movie, but you'll love her.
She's just fabulous.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, Norm.
Oh, yeah, Norm.
10-14.
If you're a cigar smoker and you like to take back
with a good premium brand, then Behia's cigar
is by Tony Brahani is what you'll be looking for.
I know what I'm looking for.
These are the fine cigars I made with first grade tobacco
processed aged up to 10 years.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing
in small batch hard to find tobacco.
Behia gold, a flagship line gets a 91 rating
by cigar fisting out of cigar insider.
And a 9.1 rating by Smoke Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced, full-bodied Nicaragua
in cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee,
chocolates, ficed and pepper flavors.
It's almost like smoking breakfast, which
I'm sure a lot of you do.
Also be sure to try their Behia de Sao, the hottest release
cigar in the last 10 months.
The de Sao gets a high rating of 91
by cigar fisting out of cigar insider.
The de Sao is a big powerful cigar for like real men
and you guys as well with complex notes of leather, earth
and pepper.
The finish is long and full body with additional spice
and a note of charge.
If you want to save some real cash,
you want to save 40% off the price of all your Behia
cigars when you call to order.
Just tell me that Neorogers told you to send you by.
And they'll give you 40% off the regular price.
Call them at 1-800-3-5 Behia.
That's 1-800-3-5-BAH-I-A.
This is Neorogers.
This is 5.62-A.
So why I am not a Nazi?
Pick your bad day and wait sniffing food.
Eat the rust-druck and then bump.
Owzing off the walls in a free half-room.
Eat the rust-druck and then bump.
Beatta, beatta, beatta, beatta...
Eat the rust-druck and then bump.
Eat the rust-druck, beatta, beatta...
Eat the rust-druck and then bump.
I'm blown from pardon ateful and rotten.
Now eat the rust-druck and then bump.
Lost in anilyn-free gasось.
Eat the rust-druck and then bump.
Back from the turning force
He do the rush, drug, and lymphop
He do the rush, drug, and lymphop
He do the rush, drug, and lymphop
Blue, blue, candy
I had a pretty much friends
And a pretty pretty
Pinched, gone
And we met
Blue, blue, candy
Under the rush is where the stories go
We do the rush, drug, and lymphop
Amidst control to make a pigeon hole
We do the rush, drug, and lymphop
And lymphop
He do the rush, drug, and lymphop
And lymphop
He do the rush, drug, and lymphop
Twenty past ten at five, six, ten to nobody to queue at
So let's take a look at that award winning schedule for today for 2-D June 27th
We got Kimba Bo-Camp-R-2
We don't have any of that, what's that all about?
Who was on last week always?
What do you mean you don't know?
I mean, it was Geltie
It was Geltie
Oh God, well maybe this is an honor of my coming back for a couple of days this week
We got Kim Bo-Camp-R-2
Mad Dog 4-6-30, I noticed very jackass had that big article in the Hearland Friday
Had that one little paragraph in there about Mad Dog's bumping up from 2
But we don't know when and how and who and if and y'all day
And that was after of course the 2-D 4-Slot's been a disaster
And we'd vacated it since we, what was the word he used?
Since they bumped out the mole and jettisoned the Mohawar David
Yes, since they had 86th mole back in January
Mad Dog, before we got to Marlon's on deck, Manley or hotter than a firecracker
On the 4th of July
Marlon's on deck at 6-30, Marlon's on Tampa Bay devil raise at 7-05
I'm sure there's a lot of interest in that game and any KF to the baseball game
Marlon's won again last night, did they not?
Yes, they did 8-5
8-5 is the final score and that is after that 9-game winning streak
And then they finally salvaged the game against the Yankees there
And that's the maybe a double-heter game
Hold your breath, there are 7 games behind 500
There were only 7 games under 500 right now
What's upon a time they were like about 20 in fact I think
About 30 minutes to that and now there were only 7 under 500
I'm smelling the World Series aren't you?
What?
If we had that, why not Super Bowl World Series Stanley Cup?
Yeah, you're right
Oh, I should mention the Panther's Trader Roberto L'Hongle, bad mistake
Bad and they bring in Todd Bertuzzi
If you can't play good, goon it up baby
Bring in one of the most anxious people in the history of the sport
Bring in Todd Bertuzzi, oh my goodness
Bad move there Iron Mike, bad move
But nevertheless
So you can do things like that in South Florida because nobody knows and nobody cares right?
Right, stuff like that
704 votes on a pull
We're gonna make that fast today during the show, eat your heart out
So you got a big, see if you're smart, you'll email Eric the pull tonight
In fact, email it to him about 15 times
I don't know what the pole is gonna be like five minutes before the show
Well why not?
Because you know, I just can't think of something
I already got the one for Thursday
I'm not gonna tell you now what it is
But see, I work far ahead man
I work in a pool, I'd like to but I can
Well I do, I like to and I do
Anyway, now how would the calls been this last week?
I'm sure that would have been the spectacularly ever
Anybody with a material, a lot of funny calls?
Yeah, I knew that correctly
What do you think?
We had a good week, the week that you were off
Remember that Josh?
Oh, it was something special
It was really remarkable
And I was, it wasn't what you think it was even different than normal
It was really unique
It was a different than
Because anybody who's stuck in that 800 degrees in the shade right now getting ready for the next hurricane kind of a mosquito is bigger pulling balls
Environment, it's gotta be a crazy person
Even the weather in Berlin was very good
The bratwurst were outstanding
The weather was great, the soccer was scintillating, I'm told
Of course I didn't see any of it
But I just don't understand
In fact, maybe I don't know if they're playing any games today or not
I don't know what the schedule is, excuse me for not knowing these things
Should I know that?
Yeah
I'm gonna go to one of my sports channels and see if they got any of this crap on their 4011
There's this update, there's a golf channel, I got that
How about the Wimbledon?
You want to put on some tennis from a Wimbledon?
We'll be good maybe we can catch some
Oh yeah, I told you I was sleepy, I didn't get a lot of sleep last night
Well, there's the patch of the week
It's the greatest tournament on earth
And now you can get your 2016 World Cup highlights
You'll set directly to your cellphone
Oh, I can't wait for that, can you?
Your phone
I'm sorry, I already tuned down
Here's our first call on a great Tuesday, WQAM
Hey, I called you two guys, why you two are not on the line?
Oh, man, we got them underwater this week
That's a good place for them
We're making some real progress, see that?
We have Mad Dog moving up to two o'clock one of these days
We don't know when, we don't know if and we don't know how
But we got very jacked, I thought it was gonna be on after him
See if it was me, I'd have mine at two o'clock right now
I wouldn't care what happened after that
I have mine from two until he finally just said, okay, that's enough for today
You know, I mean, what should I do?
But then again, what do I know?
Don't start right off the bat making trouble again, especially with this heavy-duty sketch
What you got? Well, that was our only call, it's kind of disappointing
Oh, no, there's another one
I thought to be pouring in and what's that myspace.com forward slash Neil God the thing
That's right
No, but I looked at it, it's pretty interesting
We got 103 members so far, which I think is an audience
And we just farted it, I mean, it's gonna work
Well, that's right, friends, I forgot we got too much more people listening
But those are mostly enemies
Right
But we do have 103 friends
No, that's nice to know
WQAM, hello
Brazil got off, France and Spain
Yeah
And what about Ukraine?
The rain in Ukraine falls mainly closer to Spain
There was a soccer call for it, isn't it good?
Okay
If it doesn't have to do with, they don't know for it
Okay, because that's the bad word, I can just tell me before the show that it was just
It was impossible to be in that building all during that final hysterical couple of days
It's impossible
I can understand that
Because what in the world could possibly be more important than, huh?
Nothing
And he's paying all our bills
I didn't stay up to watch it, it was actually on paper review
The seventh game of the Stanley Cup
Nothing could be finer than to lose to Carolina
So I'll add a two o'clock in the morning Europe time
I stayed up to like 4.30, five o'clock, it was pretty disappointing
Pretty late in effort by the Oralers, eh?
I'm sure you watched it
Huh?
Ha ha ha ha ha
Oh
715 votes on the pool, what's your take on the World Cup?
Soccer is so boring with 45 o's in it
253, moderately interested, 199, almost 200
This is shocking to me, I love it, I'm watching it on TV, 153
If you add those second and third categories there, you got almost 50%
How's that American team doing? They lost a gonorrhea, man, that's bad
What is the World Cup? 55, what is it?
I think Duff is wearing it
World Cup is boring, is any watching any of this sport 29
And I hate this pool only 26, they love it, out of 715 votes
I think we might have that 1000 by 1 o'clock, and then I can go home, right?
Hey hurricane seasons here, don't wait until it's too late to protect your home
Hurricane Shutter Outlet has you do it yourself, Hurricane Panels
Why bother with those big home improvement warehouses when the hurricane shutters out
Letters your complete source for hurricane protection
They've got everything you need to get to job done and save you lots of cash
They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels
Or is that aluminum, aluminum panels that are cut to your needs and ready for pickup or delivery
All products are date-broward and Palm Beach County approved too
Contractors and installers are welcome and they accept all major credit cards
Date-broward and Palm Beach County approved
Step by step instructions included so why pay all that extra money for installation
When the hurricane shutters out, you can get you everything you need to do it yourself and save mighty big
Call us number 954-237-7083 or log onto hurricaneshutteroutlet.com
Tell me that Nielsen should get 100 bucks off a minimum order of 350 square feet
That's 954-237-7083 or on the Wicked Web, hurricaneshutteroutlet.com
This is Niel Rogers, this is 5.69 AF
This is Dan Ruther for one of the final times reporting for CBS News
You may have heard that I will be leaving the network for which I served as news anchor for 24 years
CBS has basically told me there is no future for me there
Well wipe the dog poo off my shoe and call me red butt, no future for me, no future for me
This from a network that hired a party girl to be their news anchor
I say baloney to you, sirs, baloney
This Katie person drinks cheap champagne out of her stale doves while tabletop dancing and belting out karaoke
Which I'm told is a Japanese influence singing style
No future for me, I have been the face of that dump for more than three decades
Long before survivor, CSI or the Monday night comedy block which actually blows, I was the king
Yet they have the audacity, the unmitigated goal to tell me there is no future with them
No future for me, you make up a couple of stories about the president, suddenly you're a persona non grata
How about that long-haired freak we had in the radio division for all those years
They rewarded him by sending him to a company where the councils have their own radio show
If you ask me, that's not too much vision for a company with an eyeball for a logo
Who could even believe that I, the great Dan Ruther, would become a body's useless as boobs on a bowl
I guess the only way to ensure your future with this network is to cover oneself with body glitter and sleep with less movements
For the record I tried, less, was less than recipient
I have been forced to consider offers that quite frankly are beneath me
For example, a hosting job on the show, so you think you can dance and a new reality show called milking cows with celebrities
This reporter has rubbed shoulders with the greatest newsmakers of our time
Gorbachev, Brezhnev, Heidi Plyce, and now I'm going on casting calls with screech from Saved by the Bell
Uzol and Holmes in foreclosure vote
Well fire my skillet and rap me a bacon, I won't take it laying down unless of course less moonbears reconsidered
Considered humiliated yet embarrassed certainly but not dead, not just yet
For now this is Dan Ruther signing off, I have a meeting with the people at sea Alice to become the new face of a reptile dysfunction
This reporter is in as much shock as Will and Olsen reading his text bill
But I say this here and now, I will not go quietly into that good night
I will maintain what's left of my dignity even if I am forced to endorse adult divers
Dan Ruther reporting for Will No One
At this time, 1034 or 206 before 11 at 560 WDQAM
So we want to single out some of the bitch out there in the audience for a special persecution
Okay, remember the day before my vacation josh and I woman called in and she said I hear that Bob Weaver is on his last legs
Remember that? Yes she did
Yeah, and the next day guess what happened? What happened?
I'm sure you talked about that last week
Just yesterday I forgot to talk about it
What is wrong with you? It's probably the most other than of course that what could be more important than that?
Well you know I do a lot of drugs
And of course you crane winning a couple of games in a world cup other than those two things what could be more important than losing Weaver the Weatherman
One of the really great people in South Florida for a ziggin years, super guy
So she's going to take responsibility because I heard through the grapevine, I made some calls, I heard that he was doing fairly well
And then all of a sudden right after she made that call the next day that was it
So I hope that he takes that to her grave and I hope it's not too long
740 votes on a poll, 740 CBL Toronto, hockey night in Canada
And they're like that, that ain't there no more but again what stations are there that used to be there not too many
The WCFL still WCFL and Chicago, I bet it is
I don't know, don't care either
The voice of labor, you said the Chicago White Sox with Bob Ellison, you said Barney Pipp
But you know everything in this business is used to, used to was this, used to was that, used to be
And that's the whole business like this call online 6, used to be
I know that!
Yeah I know that, I know it
What call rush?
Yeah call off for a show, he'll get some good supply, get some good doctors, keep you all fixed up all the time to hook you up
5-670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line
At least 57 people were killed, see I love the headline on this story
Bomings and kidnappings be siege you wreck after Maliki Peace Plan
I guess you must have been working to with you
Oh geez
At least 57 people were killed in attacks and 10 students were kidnapped from their hostel in Baghdad
A lot of hostel stuff going on over there, one day after the Prime Minister unveiled a Peace Plan, he ended easing the violence
Is it working?
No, is it out of the impact?
No
Moscow mean welcome from the killing of four vits Baghdad Embassy employees following an internet statement by their kidnappers
And Al-Qaeda led in search and grouping that they had been executed
And these are guys that even from Liberty City
A sectarian violence reared its head again in Iraq where at least 25 people were killed in scores wounded in two severed bombings targeting the country's majority Shiite community
The first attack here happened here by Kuba and the village of whatever it is, northeast of Baghdad
When a booby-trapped motorbike exploded in a marketplace killing at least 18 and wounding 20
But Kuba's main hospital confirmed the tolls that most of the dead were children
Shortly after a homemade bomb exploded in the main market of the city of Hilla, South of Baghdad killing at least seven air wounding 13
And it goes on, and on, all the dead people all the time
Things are going just swimmingly well
And if the Democrats say that we should get our troops out of there while some of them are still alive and have all their body parts
That's cut and run, but if General Casey says, we're going to start with drawing some troops
That's a great plan for success
And you do understand what they're saying now, and that is that the only thing that's acceptable
Well, this is what Tony Snow said before we talked about Tarm maybe
He said, do you think that's acceptable as victory? Well, how do you define what is victory? What does that mean?
We'll tell you what it means when we see it
We'll tell you when we see it
All it explodes in fire at a quality and then bremen George, you're all, it must be a terrorist attack
Maybe some of those Liberty City guys yet
That's what they're trying to get you all whipped up into a frenzy all nervous before those November elections you understand
That's not the, they would never do that
That's not the Karl Roheveth in way
And of course this will prove what a good job they're doing and we should keep them all in awe
And that is correct, you see that? They nipped it in the bud
Just like here in Net Toronto they caught all those slime balls, they nipped it in the bud
All those guys with their 80 trillion tons of whatever that stuff was
Actually it was like cardboard is what it was
A clear majority of Americans say Congress should pass a resolution that outlines a plan for withdrawing US troops from Iraq
According to the latest pool taken over the weekend, the USA Today Gala
Half those surveys were like all US forces out of Iraq within 12 months
I'd like them all home tomorrow
What's the point?
I say stig while before you know they're having so much trouble with his trial
Just stick son of back in there all over again
Even your buddy Bill O'Reilly said that he did a better job
Now what he said?
That's how I run that country
Just like Saddam Raiyan, Saddam Raiyan
There you go
He said that in between a heavy, abbreviated phone call that Chris
The pool finds support for the ideas behind democratic proposals that were soundly defeated in the Senate last week
And uptick an optimism toward the work of the killing of terrorists later
Abu Musal Alzar Kauai earlier this month seems to have evaporated right into thin air
Just like Osama disappeared into thin air
And while a little Omar in the thin air
And I'm in the prime in Al Zawahi in the thin air
Who keeps making...
Did you notice how fancy Shmanse is like this video was?
You almost get the feeling he's making those in MTV or somewhere
Man he's making some pretty fancy Shmanse of
And he had that nice picture of Alzar Kauai there
Was lamenting and eulogizing?
You see that one?
Oh yeah
Wow
I would be surprised if they got both of them put up there in a French Riviera
I've been sitting there for a long time
Because the bushes have been live after all
They're business partners
They're like Michael Crowley, and Hyman Roth
They're business partners
Richard Eikenberg, a political scientist at Tufts University who studies presidential polling
Says views on Iraq are too firm to be changed by momentary developments
They're set in concrete
The other piece of quote on quote, quote news is the unity government in Iraq
But it's not as if we're hearing that the man in the great strides in letting the
Illuminating the militia influence or violence anywhere in the country
There's still a steady drumbeat of bad news like that bad news I just had only a moment ago
Bush's appropriating is the 37%
Last month I had risen to 38%
Now it's back on a way down to where it was in May 31%
His standing which slipped the low 40% in February has rebounded about that level since then
His approval percentage ought to be like about 2%
And all relatives
And by the way I do want the audience to understand this
That war in Buffett gave away $37 billion
He didn't give George or George any of it
None
Or me either, I would have shared it with you
I would have listened to something chicken that can't
But he didn't give us any of it instead of giving it to Bill Gates, your favorite
Of course he's going to give it to charity and he's going to save the world
It just, I don't know
I guess what's important to say something really wonderful about that
Oh great man, he gave away $37 billion
Can you imagine a good time we could have a woodbind with that?
$37 billion? Oh yeah
Oh, the plans I would have with that
Oh man, I'd be back in Berlin in about a half an hour
We had damn fast trip
756 votes on a post
Creep a little bit here
I think it's the dog base if you ask me
It's a good time to be not working too much
That's why this next week in a half man
Let's see, what's that schedule again?
I do have to work Thursday, I'm not too pleased about that the whole four hours
But the next Tuesday is the fourth of July
I got George all of four hours
Wait a minute, we got a ball game? No
On the fourth?
What day of that day we had a ball game?
The fourth?
What?
Yeah
Oh, you got a ball game on the fourth of July, 12-30
So you locked out there, you didn't have to feel so bad
I forced you to do it
Sorry
And then the following week from this Thursday we got another Marlon game
Oh, we love those Marlon's man, they're hotter smoked apples
Man, they're good, I'm gonna smoke apples
Good, road apples
What's your take on the World Cup speaking of road apples?
756 votes, we ought to be up to about 800 by now
I don't want us to fall short
758, soccer is so boring
Oh my god, could put you into a coma
267, 35.2%
Moderately interested, 207
I love it, I'm watching on the TV 163
So you put those two together, number two, number two, you got four, 49%
Just about, aren't you shocked, almost half of the audience is either moderately or
Historically interested?
I don't believe it
What's the World Cup, 60?
It says boring is watching any other sport, 34, that's the George, because he says he's a sports board
I think that's the World Cup
I think that's the World Cup
I think that's where they made that expression from, a sports board, that's here
You're spirling it
And I hate this poll, only 27
Out of our usually very, very difficult to please audience, they like it
1042 at 560 WNK, we got Kimba Bo Camp or two this afternoon, no, all of that, see that?
We got some more making some big strides
Speaking of making big strides with lightning quick speeds, the latest features in security
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust
Call today and get the best offer for the year night Comcast high speed internet for only 2495 a month, 3 for 6 months
Plus, Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8-meg premium speeds here for free for you
With an always on connection speed of up to 8 megabits a second, Comcast high speed internet is up to 5 times faster than DSL-1
5 and up to 100 times faster than dial-up
I mean dial-up is for like old coutes, even I wouldn't use that
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming, video playing online games, or simply surfing your favorite size
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus
When you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to free features like video mail, Comcast radio, Rhapsody radio plus
And up to 7 personal email accounts just to be name it a few
Not only that, but you also get free Mac security tools included
So you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure
And annual savings of over 100 bucks just for the security alone
So what could you possibly be waiting for? Start doing more fast than ever before?
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95 a month for six months
And they'd call 305 Comcast and of course in 9.54 Comcast for all the details
Call them today certain restrictions apply
This is Neal Roger, what's all it? This is 5.69 AF
Doff, get off this incident
If you shift to way, then wait for 8 months, you'll stay in these things for you
Don't be sexy in the world now, wait right then, can you get to Belgium?
Who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will, who will
The Dromp denn of glistens be of بالطال gewiss mostth and mostth and mostth, contタí and Victory Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyr, Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs Best Martyrs If you get along, we will play the best episode of et cetera for your little wingmix, we will know more about today's,)
Oh man, classic, market down, classic.
Wow.
1048 at 560 WQM, old chicken, that is added again.
12 minutes before the hour got Kim Bo Camp or two.
Mad Dog at 4 but not for long.
He's moving up to 2 one of these days.
That's a very jackass, it's right there in the herald.
There's a possibility it might be true.
Just like this might be a real call on 6th, but I sure doubt it.
Who's the QYM?
Hello.
It was so good the first time it was definitely worth bringing back the game before.
Right like breakfast.
Wow.
567, but it's been like this all week long, it's just a special.
Oh, this is it.
This is all we got, huh?
Yeah.
Why can't play with anybody for not being there?
I mean, you guys gotta be there.
I don't gotta be there.
I don't wanna be there and I'm not there.
And I'm pretty pleased about it.
But these people are there like, well, you know, good luck here.
It's all worth the say.
781 votes and good luck to you guys because you got like, let's see tomorrow.
And although Thursday I'll be back, like I'll be back.
Right.
And then after that, not too much.
And then don't forget about that tail end of July in the first week in August.
I don't think I've seen you all that schedule for that, have I?
I don't know, I think it's Josh turns the page.
We got July in my town.
Oh boy.
No, but what about August?
I don't know.
And not only that, but I just, it just dawned on me since my whole goal of life
is to get paid for not working at all again.
I do that so much the first time.
But starting in January, like next year I got seven weeks into the six.
Oh, I had no idea.
Yeah.
And I guess because the next year in my deal starts actually in January instead of October one.
Okay.
I'll have to jam in like seven weeks between January and the end of the year.
That's not gonna be easy.
I'm sure you can do it somehow.
I'll find a way.
Whereas the world is a way.
Oh look at that.
What's going on with that phone there, man?
Sorry, it's my, even the real calls are downed.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
WDQYM, hello.
I heard them that guy.
QYM.
New.
Yeah.
George needs a show monitor.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Hey, Leo.
Yeah.
Hey, Leo.
You air down.
We're talking about, we're talking about, yeah.
No, we didn't hear anything about it.
Yeah.
Uh, unbelievable.
WDQYM, hello.
You know, yeah.
We need to bring back, uh, ever since going to the Coeur for the Panthers, they're going to
have to have a hand best.
Let's bring back kicks.
Just the hell out, Goldie.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, Geldie, I'm sure I'd love to do with the, uh, trading reversal of the Wango way.
You know, it's not Goldie for whatever you want, but there's another good sports fan for you
in South Florida, man.
They really know their crap.
In fact, that's the middle name, crap.
790, old man, 790, that's the ticket.
That's how many votes we got on the poll.
We better get off that number real fast if somebody's going to start having, uh, having like, uh, bad BMS all around the building.
0794, thank goodness.
Aren't you, uh, thrilled now that you actually got probably the coast will be clear a little bit more often when nature calls.
Now that fact boy's gone, that's how we don't miss him badly already.
No, no, because he used the handy crap anyway.
He had to, you know, yeah.
Well, that's not always used to.
The bar, you know, he ever used it.
I probably, we are, hang on loosely.
That's right.
WQA, I'm hello.
QAM.
Yeah, Dr. Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
What's the drug dealer?
Always the drug dealer.
Yeah, okay.
Great.
56670, 560.
See that, they get, if it's not encoder, it's not bush, it's not cheney, if it's not rush, you know, it's the same old.
I think soccer is more simulating than this.
Yeah, but give us a good point.
The result thing gone are real.
What?
Give us a good line at least.
That's something old and stay.
Yeah, old and stale, man.
Like last year's MOTSA.
Old and stale.
Like wonder bread from 10 years ago that kills bodies eight different ways.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
All right, sir.
You're moping color brother, checking in right now.
A couple of minutes ago, you said that your own bushes numbers were like 37%, they should be at 31.
And they said they should be at 2%.
Yeah.
Well, you forget about the black community.
His numbers have been at 2%.
But along with us.
We may not be with the program at all other things, but we were with the program.
They're under him.
Okay.
We're under him.
Thanks, Pat.
I know.
I mean, stay out of Liberty City.
Okay.
Yeah, you never know.
Don't be wearing one of them.
Shmack is on your head.
They're going to drag your ass away.
Oh, you.
What?
You're just like Muslim, don't you?
I'm just telling you right now that's where the terror is in Liberty City.
There's terror in the streets in Liberty City.
Make no mistake about it.
I don't want to get you nervous or anything like that.
Cube.
Oh, that is him, isn't it?
Cube.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
How do you think he takes those pills?
Oh, geez.
Next you'll be wanting to play.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
In Correl
now so I can send them a thousand stories for tomorrow. British health food
shops will soon be offering customers iced cannabis tea its Swiss distributor
said sold under the label C ice Swiss cannabis iced tea the beverage
contains 5% of hemp flour syrup and a tiny 0.0015% quantity of THC the
active ingredient in marijuana I guess you got to drink a lot of that to get
stoned. I am not. Any ingredient that can put in the drug
category has been removed and the team will not lead to dependency it says
unless you drink it by the gallon unless you stick your own you in there
and then drink it through a straw for hours. But British anti drug
campaigners said that selling tea is dangerous because it will give young
people the impression that cannabis is commonplace always if it's not it sure
as hell is here I'll tell you that. I got back just in time for a gay pride on
Sunday making sure that we keep up all those ugly stereotypes and they are.
This product the iced tea marijuana iced tea was locked in Switzerland in 2003
and is already available in Austria Germany needle on Portugal and Spain
it's spongebob. How do you like that? It's really interesting to see your
people man a old green toothed crowd how repressive I guess it's that
fatista thing and there's only two isms coming to look at fascism and you take a
look at Spain after all those years of fascism under Francisco Franco and now
they've gone the other direction man like real I guess.
Gomonesa or Fashista there's nothing between there and if you're not one
you're the other and what about Liberty City though what about it.
What about it. Watch your head gear in Liberty City that's my suggestion to all
our brothers and sisters in the in between man take the lot of your hair because
they're gonna drag your ass away and toward another terrorist attack.
For war and then that's right before they put all the people from New York
times and the LA times in Washington Post in prison for a ton of like it is for
exposing all this fascism that's going on Washington speaking of fascistism.
808 votes on the pool we're gonna get that thousand and you'll see then they
will hear us. This is Neorodger. This is 5.69. This is the Neorodger show.
This is your brain. Who took this boy? Any questions?
That's it the x-rays of the duck are here. Thank you nurse let's have a look.
Wow what is that it's stomach. It looks like a face but what kind?
I don't tell. It's shaped large eyes and it looks like it's one of the
olds and twins. Yeah it looks like Mary Kate. No looks like Ashley.
Mary Kate. Ashley. I think it's Amy on. Oh two and I noticed.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQ. I'm already got one hour down who's counting right?
Right me. 823 votes. You got a tough week next week. You got to work on the
fourth of July. Thank God for that Marlon baseball game next Tuesday.
Thank Lord for that. See if it was me I'd had Mad Dog under to the
second known. I'd stop poaching around. I would at least at least fix one thing
you know but I don't want to start with that again unless I feel like it.
You know what I mean? What do you mean? Two stoneways died in the shipping container
board a freighter bound for the port of Miami. Guess what was coming from okay?
Not a particular Dominican or you know the story. No I'm just guessing. How do you
guess that? I knew that you'd want to say that name because Russia was just there.
Right. He brought back a bunch of Viagra or prescriptions anyway and I had the pills.
And maybe these guys like OD on some leftover Viagra maybe he was trying to
smuggle them. After the Panama flagged seaboard trader more than the port last night
two additional stoneways were transported to Miami hospital. The four men were
found inside a shipping container aboard the vessel which was carrying merchandise
for a serrally branded apparel. Oh I'm surprised it's not for a can't be
legally branded apparel. Uh huh. Said port of Miami spoke some of the Andrea
monies. The reason the two men died was under investigation. The four men were
all believed to be Dominican nationals. The vessel had departed Saturday from
Puerto Palata on the north coast of La Republic of Imanicana. What is this
very important fact that he just sent me? Oh that's bad. Man accused of sex with
puppy. Talk about a six, a sick puppy. Well this is in Martin County Florida
no less. Tangered Julio. See the front of the first part of this is chopped off.
The way I got it to Julio Adrenta allegedly had sex with his four month old
Argentine dog with doggo puppy. Is that how you say that? I don't know. The dog
is in custody of the Humane Society. It's heard of course being placed in
foster care. Oh here it is the rest of the story. There's like two stories
pieced together here. Stewart. Oh yeah. Well what else are they going to do in
Stewart? You know when you come right down to it? I think of anything else to do with
Stewart? A mixed-read dog was being placed in foster care today after being rescued
from a transient Indian town man who was allegedly having sex with a puppy. A
witness called a Martin County deputy who arrived to find Julio Trenta 31 having
oh no having intercourse. I can't say the a word. No. Um with the dog and in the
woods in the 32nd of block of southeast Stixie highway about 12 11. Yes they
have to know. Upon being seen Trenta said it's my dog and what's the problem?
K-problem. The male dog ran and hid behind the deputies according to a report
released today. Trenta a Mexican citizen working as a laborer was charged with
one kind of felony sexual bst and one kind of felony and animal cruelty. It was
also charged with one misdemeanor count each of giving false-named deputies
exposure sexual organs and possession of her finidia after a marijuana smoking
pipe was found in this pocket. See that? Uh-huh. People smoking that wicked
weed shouldn't be having little puppies man. It's under that right now George.
Talked about those illegal beaders. How you starting on the Ecuadorans again or what?
Mexican. There are Indians. Yes they are. Now how can we just thanks me the schedule again?
Is this a new schedule? Say new revive. How can it be a new schedule when
carriages on vacation this week? Oh Robert Greeper brother. It's right we have a
full of against-bottom chain. Well what's the change on here? Is there any change?
I'm gonna see if I can find the feeling of change. Yeah. Oh I see Thursday morning. Oh
and Friday morning. Oh my goodness. Oh my god. Oh a Toledo as Rick weaver would
say Tony cigarette a one on a Thursday morning again and then guilty on 7th
class so the hopper must be offered another one of those bogus horse race deals
huh? Nice going Hank. Can you believe that? Kind of a guy only works three days
a week. Oh and Thursday night. Oh you know something my stomach is churning from
this. It's only been an hour and four minutes and I'm back on here after a
week in Berlin mid-Ali of seven of the world cup La Copa del Mundo but
Thursday evening look who's out after the mad dog Lee Feldman and Craig
Mish Corey felt that it who Craig Mish Mosh and then Eddie Kaplan at the show
girls at 10 o'clock on Thursday where we got all just all kinds of real
swill I mean swell programming swill stuff holy Toledo man Tony cigarette
oh and then Gildi in right there in prime time morning drive and I mean he was
once there before long go with the first team at least at least he had those
other two guys always talking over as much as possible 831 votes on a pull
were creeping toward 900 and once we get to the end I think we got him made in the
shade right for the thousand the three and let me also ask you this since
Miguel came up with his whole my space calm thing what what is the appropriate
I mean looks really spiffy it's really neat got a lot of nice pictures and we got
all those friends on there etc but right what's the purpose of it what is it
it can be used for networking or you know just for personal you know like I
use it for like an email source additional exposure an email source that's
right I have a group of we still have only 103 friends on there by the way all
the previous avoid it started a week ago and then you can see people can write
those little comments like they did about who is it that was writing for who the
guy on CNN the hell's his name Jack Capri will flip screen do dogs the guy
they were they were the gay he said I heard it gay and that must be ganderson's
pooper really gay the guy who remember who they said they saw him in gay bars
a weather guy oh no that wasn't him that was Anderson's pooper wasn't no no not
not the a weather guy he's taken talking about I'll think of it okay no how you
don't remember this why because it's a new with gay with that no it remember
you said you were dying because you were seeing what people were writing about
him yeah that's the weather guy yeah so what about it so that they have a
comment as well and people are writing stupid things you know it's just well
no a Marciano there you go there I go well took me a moment or two to remember
here's a message from Sammy Walito yeah there's like little messages on it this is
great and actually somebody's people have something to do with the show which is
unusual now this isn't gonna be one of those chat room deals is it I don't know
but I think there is no chat room Miguel as the administrator has the ability to
take off well make damn sure that we don't got no chat room in there because we
don't need people shouting each other and screaming at each other let him shout at us
but I'm gonna be able to look out anything there that he's gonna say that yeah
yeah exactly what do you mean on savory what's wrong with unsavory we like
unsavory you know what I mean we can't do unsavory on air might as well do it on
our myspace calm is that what it's all about my space is on the bad way that's
right right good you're good you're not just a living is unsavory in a bad way
notice we got used to living the sales department they're all unless it's
really a little puppy and that's before what's his name left to a cheese oh mighty
hi a pally when a dog they blew his ass out what a tool that took a lot of air to
blow that fat ass out of there so he calls me this morning and it's a good thing
you told me give me advance one there's the first thing George told me this morning
what a 25 fat boy's gone well he wasn't gone yet so he proved they knew my phone
number here and bye bye okay don't let the door hitch in a big fat ass on the way
out all of it's a big target on Friday evening ABC news reported on secret US
military documents obtained from a disc brought from an at Bachman Afghan
was Afghanistan bizarre my reading as well which show that the military knows or
new of locations in Pakistan of 15 high level wanted members of al-Qaeda and
the Taliban and which purportedly linked nine Afghan officials including
Hamid Karzai's brother to the drug lords quote a raw story I'm gonna tell you
right now raw stories one of the best websites I have we found in a long time
you don't think so no argument I love it I love it raw and the story too
heard the documents show the US knows or knew the location some of the most
wanted terrorists reported Brian Ross they are in Pakistan and the documents
named prominent figures including president Karzai's brother thought by the
military to be in the pay of drug lords he's on the payroll while he
car side denied the allegations on camera I was never in the drug business
Karzai said I never benefited I never facilitated I was in the olive oil
business with his father US military today dismissed a meeting report
citing intelligence suspicions that senior al-Qaeda leaders were hiding in
Pakistan and that the Afghan president's brother had ties to drug trafficking
has been outdated reports to the associate of press but US spokesman Colonel Tom
Collins declined to reject the authenticity of the report I wonder if he's
getting a joke on just to play first base for the Yankees in the 50s saying it
was unable to discuss classified military information wrote on your shop or
AP Afghan officials high ever rejected the claims against the president's brother
is baseless he just another unical stooge Hamid Karzai he's another stooge
not just one of three but one of many two two two two two two two two two
eight hundred and forty three votes in a poll were creeping across the long
boys assure a different experience now isn't it show them in a summer time
oh yeah mango jury I bet you that sound some of those stuff you send me
I know here you're probably a couple copy I'd like to teach the world to sing
that song there it's mongo by the way mongo mongo Van Lingo mongo that's right
remember him put your sports expert five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty and leave a rising singer to write us on we're taking our calls one
of the time today don't want to overdo it and believe me we don't have too
much choice w.a.m. hello
q.a.m. morning you yes sir happy Tuesday to you sir back to you I live in the
flat to here and I was driving south on 95 this morning listening to the
a.m. sports station in Orlando now they were doing a promo for their evening
shows with a lot of court found uh-huh now how can that say I don't think it's
clear channel not positive I think it's clear child up there now how can they
can do it up there you can't do it because they don't have joy they don't have
that bitch Jewish bitch ruin in their lives that's why also it's really well
any type of space is going to do it just because your station can't do it because
of the list of there's all kinds of TV spots as you know there's little kids
programs over the year that have all kinds of farts on them this is just
something that this bitch made up and because of the fact that I got Norma
can't is my agent who's as useless as as breasts on a bowl like that Dan
Randerson uh- there's nothing we can do about it you know I just want that up to
that bitch he's a wimp he's a little pansy but I phoned the pop it'll be John
Samperilla at 95 like swear on the Brazil there's more cars with Brazilian flags
really all over the school go man go go to your Monia go to Germany have a good one
go go Ghana okay see go Ghana Ria maybe Russia's got some pills to it if you've
got Ghana reading like you have high city over a couple pop you a few I'm sure
for Viagra and then embarrassing Chris there's no embarrassment level for him if
you want to say I rush can't hear just because those oxies man when you pop
50,000 a day they like effect you're hearing and everywhere was supposed to
feel so sorry for a rush he couldn't hear the callers what you know and I'm
telling you one thing on the show if you can't hear the callers it's a benefit
it's a plus oh we got the axle roaster did you see that no he's being held
for biting your guard axle rose bites I don't know we already do that yeah 848
votes on him and you know who didn't come by to say hi this morning before the
show and I can understand why I don't I don't want it I don't want to start but
you're good buddy you're good first one and I got so many problems that one yeah
moth he stuck his head in the door did he you should have slammed it on him see I
saved this comment for there's enough time they went by it could be any spot but
there's this probably ran in the first hour that makes the gun show spots I mean
I know we're desperate okay I know that corporate is probably leading just heavy
duty on the sales management in the middle level and upper level all levels of
management to like you know just give us the F and money but we ran a spot
last hour that is so you know which one it is too don't I'll take it later okay
it's 11 13 at 5 60 WQM the summer season is fast approaching which means it
must be close to father's day oh no that sounds like the wrong copy to me
oh no wouldn't that be bad if we were doing fathers day promo that would be bad
let's see here's one that starts 6 19 is that the one I don't know this sales
department they are just all over the place they're like walking diarrhea they're
just everywhere anyway like I said for years now I've been telling you about the
multi-pot fondue restaurants if you haven't been in the pot for a while now it's
the time to go back it's a full course four course dining experience starting
with a renowned cheese fondue served with three different breads granny smith apples
and crisp veggies next comes the choice of lily salads including a enthrased
included combination of lobster filet mignon shrimp cage and seasoned chicken pork
duck portabella mushrooms and lots more cooked in oil or broth whichever you like
and don't forget the melting pot homemade dipping sauces they really make the
fondue experience fun now here's the clincher top it all off with their
famous chocolate fondue desserts man this is the real piece of resistance
you'll go crazy fresh strawberries bananas pineapple cheesecake brownies and
tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos or graham crackers for dipping you
dip it you dunk it you love it only at the melting pot you'll find a melting
pot in Fort Lauderdale candle books of its own Cooper City north mind mv and
prestigious crawl springs be sure and tell them that Neil sends you by for a
real treat and a real feast at the melting pot this is Neil Rogers this is 5.60
Q.A.A.
sports fans join the match-up this Friday at the
losing derailleur chance to play the Q.A.M. Florida Marlins 2k6 home run derby
contest it's your last chance to be in the running to win a trip to this year's
major league baseball all-star game and Christopher love on the wqm dot com for
all the details the Q.K.6 home run derby contest from the Marlins and 5.60
Q.A.A.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
what's up on him tonight honey choney your last show on msnbc was over the
weekend for the memory my mory what a
tiny I'm gonna vomit the thing I love the most that's hubby as co-host oh no
honey what was it like co-hosting with your husband mory povich thank
honey you're singing sucks I'd rather listen to Rosie O'Donnell violate
herself there's Kelly through whatever medication you're on double the
dosage I've got bigger things to do somebody get that microphone from
me yeah that's what I'm talking about
alright you go girl far away and I'll come back well she just like I said she's
consistent eight hundred fifty seven votes on a poll in fact we got Brazil
Brazil is a little ready aren't you excited about that oh only if we can
play that out of his country thing Brazil and who is it a Ghana
Mike and through each up here it was a difficult build to come show
but you stand at every no less that I'm so here this is gonna clear she
that
oh
they played 19 minutes it's Brazil won and Ghana reenoughin so far are you
excited are you whipped up into a frenzy about a lot co-pettil mundo what was
that Ricky Martin song that's remember that was that was the first year we were
downstairs on the second floor first year at QA I mean I just the
you know how you have different word association and event association
things in your mind and I just remember that that horrible Ricky Martin
that that and that what was that song a lot of hope out there La Vida that's it
that is it love and women love and love
like that right I don't have any more than that though you don't have that no I
have that I don't have the copa de la Vida all the song that's live in La Vida
low-cat
oh
anyway she's living the of either that kind of either blame God for the fire
car crash thanks whoever flash this in this is a quite a story it's so
typical
uh... blame God for the fire car crash last year that incinerated a driver and
his car so badly that neither he nor the car could be identified immediately
said the man behind the wheel of the car that caused the inferno
God caused the accident order lead him to the glory of God said one carmentage
you know twenty three moments after he was sent to thirteen years in the slamer
caramentate my me spread through several traffic signals on bunker road in
west Palm Beach in January of two thousand five and police began to follow
them
they had spotted him in the area of a repeated drug house
caramentate crashes old man we learned a car through intersection with
parker rather than west palm the collision sent the other car to a concrete
utility pull where person to flames
it was
the
only by finding the vehicle i'd be number with the police able to determine the
make of the car
that's how Friday was
police identified the driver Daniel carbone fifty two west Palm Beach
after some how fighting is wall of impact
said west Palm Beach police officer Carl cipher who investigate the crash
that's almost as miraculous as when they found that passport intact from the
nine eleven hijackers remember that that's right
just a couple of locks away from the a wtc
there was that passport
a pristine condition just like that magic bullet on the stretcher park
hospital in Dallas
November twenty two nineteen sixty three
it was the
magic passport
carmenti feared must better than carbon and fled
he was captured later in the storage shed after he fled
he was charged with five felonies that could have been him as many as seventy
years in prison he put in a guilty yesterday to one counter vehicular homicide
while other charges were dropped he was given credit for five hundred forty
three days in jail and his drivers license was revoked
well that's only nothing to floor the carmenti a two outstanding funny
words at the time of the wreck and was a habitual traffic offender who lost
his license in two thousand two
i was on the wrong path i guess he said yesterday
but no longer he promised
carmenti didn't thank his family for their support apologize to carbone's
family who weren't present
then he said he would pray for his attorney the prosecutor even for circuit
church
sandroom extorley who just sent him to prison i wonder if he's kidding my
certainly
what to check that out it's still you know i'll settle
when i want to know
for brazil you know what
when i'm new for brazil when you miss those great no no games uh... when you
are vacation
to weeks ago
you know i'm still missing
area well you can get all this one
the picture of the sun is shining down in the gun players man are like uh...
if any in not too much i agree
on a real team twenty two minutes and half gone by all of that there's a great
chance in the ball rolls right to the goal
and now stop
you stop with that already
although we like all the day on race canter almost as much as any canter
any canter and uh... i don't know if i can be fine with them to uh... have a
date with i don't
eight hundred sixty seven votes on our soccer pool
and of course it's kind of not good time you know because with his very big
match on
is this like a quarter finals now
is must be talking to you judge
yet the quarter finals
well what now what is wrong with you i think of uh... sports for you i mean you
know i i've seen the highlights but i don't know what the health of what i
know many teams are left what the lasagna
what you got uh... your germany is still in there in the brits and the side
wise gana
brazil argentina okay
so that the quarter final sounds like i don't know i don't care
speaking of your stock home what is the story from stock home and i think you're
of a soul rose boy he looks really bad
guns and roses frontman a soul rose was arrested in stock home early a day
after a
little
fighting a security guard in the leg outside his hotel
rose a performer in the Swedish capital as well as being held on suspicion of
attacking threatening the guard as well as causing damage to the burns hotel
where the lets couple to place
said police spokeswoman
to talk to a hagg
some of the world
what
old hag
had told the a p that rose was intoxicated during the confrontation with
rollout around eight o'clock this morning with face questioning after we
sober up
he was needed to be too intoxicated be questioned right away
was unclear what caused the fight
but Swedish tabloid said the guard tried to intervene when rose started arguing
with a woman in the hotel lobby
predict nylon one of the police officers who helped the rest rose was caught
by the daily often blocked uh... often blotted web site is saying that the
singer acted aggressively to a police had to be handcuffed and restrained in
the hotel
he had kept a high profile service big now was for the same
doesn't was a state of constant stock homes will remain the last night
they've been partying a well-known night club before the scuffle often
blotted said
like that
bad news for uh... acts of rose in stock home
any interest
newsman he's old news
oh yeah i couldn't stand on the news
and i was almost as old newsly so a Reynolds for christmas
and fat boy
they played twenty five minutes and seven seconds of a clock keeps ticked ticked
ticked in the long
it is just that that's another reason i mean the fact that the field looks about
six hundred like that shot right there you see that you watch it is
are you kidding me
our car was the Brazilian guy he just picked up all seven thousand yards of
the goal i mean well what's the point uh...
i thought we did all of the least kick it within fifty yards of the goal
make it look like you're trying to score
but they probably don't want to like overdo it here both of them out there would be bad
much and girls hug each other and TV
well that's just saying what's these guys have each other for after the game after this
exciting action over that's right
but i think i didn't got a bt us two to one i believe about a bt us they did
and look at that need pass you just put a red in there and so far nobody else
anybody on the ground rolling around riding in the fake in it and diving
man more diving in this than that's just unbelievable
eight hundred and seventy to all over so far that i've been watching the gun a
team is look at that look at that shot man who didn't attend yards of the
goal
biggest farce in history mankind whole world is like up and arms about to go
my god you know
cars riding around hawking the horns and of course in a really multi-racial
community like this one like Toronto
every time i get a really wins or portugal one fact they had like brawls in
the streets when portugal one last week really
oh yeah they were like knifey each day
but over to baijiu is in little italy right now as a matter of fact
getting smashed
plans to smash mouth football
twenty six past eleven and five and fact there was a great sign of one of the
game some of the silly as birds you know they really are silly they're just you
should have seen them at the airport in really many of it is just pathetic
everything you know and then some
but they didn't have a pretty interesting sense that said football and said
rugby is for real men
football that's with a you for right meaning soccer football is for poofs
yeah football
yeah is for poofs meaning you're very like that
but no silly as birds man but you silly as
queen
twenty seven past eleven and five sixty wck and we've got kimba bopamper
to
and then we got the mad dog of four over his move his time slots more of these days
as a very jackass tells us and if we want to know about programming a q a m
don't ask parents he's on vacation
don't ask terabel he don't know don't ask uh... christians he's busy putting spots
onto the end of the world
no go through that
right right don't
Asperi Jackass, because she knows.
Anyway, South Florida during the summertime means on days when it's under 100,
you're going to be doing a lot of walking, at least from the house to the garage
you get in the air-conditioned car.
Take good care of them, Fussi's man.
Brandy's carries all the top brands in the world, so that's where you want to take your
feet for the best in care.
They carry Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, New Balance,
all the other name brands and all sizes for men and women, and they even carry
those wide widths and hard to find sizes.
Brandy's is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida,
and when you go into Brandy's for the very first time, you'll understand why I've
raved about them for years and told him, that's the place you want to take those
Tutsis, man, because they've got the unbeatable combination.
Best selection, all the top brands, they can be a friendly personal service,
and their prices always are unbeatable.
So go see Brandy, see everybody on it there, I'll make sure you get the right
depending shoes for your feet at the right price.
Brandy's shoes you'll find in the 1290, North Federal Highway in Palm Pneum,
Beach, between Atlantic and Copa D'Ana, Eastside, you can't miss it.
Brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday to line, and every Sunday till five.
And this week, Naturalizers, SAS, Spirry, New Balance,
Floreshaw and RockPorts, all on sale this week at Brandy's.
So get your rest in there for great savings on selected styles, or do your
shoe shopping right there where you sit on their website at BrandySews.com.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 516-Q-A-N.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Whose user hey on you be you.
Cheating ain't close to you.
Well, we live in a free country that always grabs about being free.
Imagine how frustrating it can be.
I can't say a word that begins with C.
Coulter ain't a woman, hands a man, put her in Adam's Apple and giant hands.
Coulter ain't a woman, hands a man, but that still turns you on.
Come on, that's who turns you on.
Well, and is a good republicant who likes to flash her skinny gamp with no background all she can do.
Is I on her back and say, kill the Jews.
Coulter is a right wing, partisan thing, kill a miniscirt and I long win.
Nothing bad will ever happen in him, cause evil always wins.
You think you're proud of evil?
Always wins.
Well, when she's on TV you fools.
Like we stare with the little drool and laugh along with the hateful swill.
A partisan pungent side chokeville.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Whose views are hidden on you, you see the hateful spew.
Few, few, few, few.
Well, there's Ronaldo from Brazil, man. He's good at gul.
Round Nalo.
But I feel like the situation is not right.
No, it wasn't El Roberto Baggio.
Colorado Chancellor, Fire Professor, says.
The University of Colorado is top official called on the school yesterday.
To fire ward Churchill, the professor would compare some world trade center victims to a Nazi
and then landed in hot water over allegations of academic misconduct.
Ward Churchill, he's like, crazy person.
In a room chancellor, Philip DeStefano said,
Churchill's got 10 days to go to a faculty committee to appeal his recommendation.
Churchill, a tenured professor of ethnic studies, has denied allegations of plagiarism.
I can't imagine that Colorado University is going to suddenly decide the first amendment deserves some respect,
Lane Zed, his attorney David Lane.
He said Churchill would sue if the fire rings up, he's going to sue everybody, soon everybody.
5670560, still let's see, they played 34 minutes and 15 seconds in the first half
and it's still Brazil won and they got a rear team, Neil.
888 on the pool, and then a great number, 888, it's great.
It is.
And all the soccer are facing out of this area.
They're watching right now. They ain't going to be listening to this stupid action.
They're going to be showing what does this show have to do with the Copa del Mundo, man.
Not a damn thing.
What, you're keeping them updated?
That's where I'm giving you instant update.
They paid 34 minutes and 38 seconds, but there's still ain't nothing going on.
Are these games on the radio anywhere?
Well, I'm sure they are. I think that they're on XM.
Oh, I mean, I'm radio.
Right after the golf, right after the golf.
891 votes.
See, we're going to have that 900 by the, I'm telling you one thing, man.
Ghana is putting it to him and I'm disguised down.
Oh, he's riding.
And he's going to be using it.
He's using it.
Minsing.
Winsing.
That was a very, very important challenge.
Look at the determination here.
A very, very good.
Number 18 to win possession back for Ghana.
And again, a shot goes 80 yards away the top of the net.
And if I can notice that most of the shots in soccer, not that there are that many,
but they go like at least 50, 60 yards away the top of the net.
I think that they just made the goal a little bit bigger.
891 votes.
What's your take on the World Cup?
Soccer is so...
Well, here's a guy, now he's holding his knee.
I knew it.
Hey, Mr. Fondle.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Yeah, it's nothing bad with...
Oh, it's just a problem.
320 saves soccer is very boring.
36%.
And that's what I voted.
And that's what you voted.
And that's what anybody with the brain would vote.
Moderately interested.
242.
And that's because you're in South Florida, I guess.
What else are you going to do?
It's like that guy with a puppy, right?
Well, you know, sometimes you get bored, I guess.
And when you're in Stewart, you're going to do it.
Not that bored.
Oh.
I love it.
Watching on TV, 188th, there would be no seat.
Those people are 21% way we can't get them folks
because they're watching it right now.
There's Ronaldo again with his big round head.
Round out.
What's the World Cup?
59.
69, excuse me.
It's changed into 59.
So we've not said Joyce.
But there is that Ronaldo goal.
You want to see it again?
It really has to be played.
As well as boring as watching any of this board, 43.
And I hate this pool, 29.
I'd say 891.
So shockingly, I think what's his name?
It's right, the big rock solid.
Oh.
Oh, we need a lot more soccer duck.
Let's get Andres Cantor on the station.
Here's how beats have in 26th or 26th or a Gildi on their number.
Hey, guys, how about a survival?
Let me call you a cigarette again.
That's just, well, we keep going back and making the same mistakes over and over again.
I think they're trying to sandbag the Humper.
Can you imagine how big of a sandbag it would take to sandbag him?
No, how big?
Big.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's go through a heavy duty phone call sweep here.
What do you say?
That's what we did that week you were gone, man.
Yeah?
We had an incredible week.
Unbelievable.
I'm sure Josh got in.
Nope.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about some beavers?
Yeah.
You like them?
How many QAAM, hello?
Hey, boss.
Hey, do you want?
Okay.
Listen, what was, uh, Rush Limbo doing with the agro over there in the Dominican Republic?
Yeah.
I thought I thought.
I've got a couple of little boys over there, probably.
There you go.
Hi, Paul.
Yeah, what was he doing in the library?
Publicity in the Dominican.
In fact, we ought to call up here in King of the Sea and right now and find out what's, what her take.
What's your take, Darren?
You bitch.
Man, I'd like to seal her and I in one of those seal containers, you know, just like those guys that died and then,
Tuberta, I'm back.
Oh, the other one was hard with Wolf Blitzkrieg.
And also that Dana, Dana Bash.
I'm going to tell you today is going to come to her, be blood spilled between her and Lou Doves.
He's, he's just going to like, uh, fasher.
Are you going to bash Dana?
I'm telling you, you mark my words, write it down on your wrist, and I'll see that.
I, I will watch that night.
Fast, fast, loose, Lou Doves.
Just absolutely punches that bitch out.
Watch him give Dana a bash.
Who are the QA and Hello?
You know, I'd rather have my temperature taken rightfully 27 times in a row than watch the soccer game.
Yeah.
Where have you been?
Uh, I've been around.
Yeah.
Been in Italy.
You were in Italy?
Where was?
Yeah, uh, Tuscany.
Just, uh, Alpha Deanna, a little town called Colody Alpha.
Near San Jimanano, that's more freeway.
We're not planning any soccer there, although that's a tag-in team, man.
They're still, uh, they're still alive.
They're going to win the whole thing.
I was like, Karakuri, you wanted to lie because it's fixed, and you see what happened when I was a tag-in, uh, yeah, everything.
I understand, but yeah, the penalty check.
I didn't see that.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about the big scandal I had with the Italian teams over there.
Didn't you see that?
No.
You better get with it, man.
I didn't.
I just got a prayer that Brazil doesn't win.
Yeah, I'm getting tired of that, man.
Let me tell you what.
What I have to do with Embogue, I get more craft stolen.
I'm more job.
Okay, see you.
That?
Wow, he sure haven't heard from him in a long time, and you've been pretty happy about it.
Wow.
He's good though today.
I mean, for him.
I'm sorry, I was talking about Josh, I'm just a whole bunch.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You are relentless, like I've always said.
You're such a hard-ass.
Give him a chance.
He was okay.
I mean, he wasn't no pro-Zac, right?
I'm a run.
Who is?
WQA and Rush.
WQA and?
Never.
No, that's the worst hitler.
I want to be, we've ever had, I'm sure.
By the way, every day, one of the nine.
What?
Gilbert, at least once a day, like I have it.
Have you told me that's not Gilbert?
No, that's not Gilbert, but Gilbert does call once a day to say Hitler.
Have you told me that the one that calls him, it isn't him though?
It is, he said Josh.
It is, it is.
But Gilbert does call him, but now he's doing it.
Well, that's just special for you because he thinks you are your Hitler.
Well, the feelings mutual, Gilbert.
Yeah.
And of course, you know what the response ought to be.
It's a lie.
I am not, but not for you.
See, there you go.
In his case, I'll make an exception.
I am not.
Ricky Tickys case.
I would stuff Gilbert in another.
That was pretty, see, because I did, Josh tell you what happened there on Rick's 50th anniversary
on that Friday.
No.
Is the day before, in the afternoon, there came a fact for me in Josh's and it law from Joe
Johnson.
Ever Joe Johnson from Magic One of the, yes I do.
Okay.
So he informs me that the next day that Friday is going to be Rick's 50th anniversary on
there would be really neat if I would call him up on Yada.
And so he gives me a wrong number.
He gives me the inside line number.
And of course, I never looked because he also gave me his own private number.
And come to fight after we're both the same number.
They were both his.
So 8.25 Friday morning.
I'm all dushed out and I'm all sent to go for the show.
And I go in there before that.
And I pick up the phone, I dial that number.
And then I realize it was the same as the other number with Joe Johnson's private line at the magic.
So I came on the end.
I ripped him an ass and I said several times.
Yeah, I tried to call you Rick, but Joe Johnson's a jackass.
He's an idiot.
He's a you fair.
That too.
And so then we had a magical moment there to, in fact, Jay and the American will come in this magic moment.
It's in the, it was great that he got in.
Do you want to eat long ass herald article about that?
About what?
Rick Shaw's anniversary.
I have, we haven't even went through all of that.
We have the record.
Somebody tried to fix it.
No, we don't want that.
It's an email.
It's a week.
Well, it's Friday for crying out loud.
It's almost two weeks now.
Jesus Christ almighty and the president Lincoln still didn't like to play.
What's wrong with you people?
Like these people call,
Oh, do you hear about Marshall and Bob?
No, it's the first thing I talked about this morning, you morons.
The show starts at 10 now.
We don't have to do the crossover anymore.
We're leaving Hank on his own resting on his own laurels.
And I hope that the laurels are pretty heavy.
There's a Jamie Merkins right there.
Oh, look at that shot.
Oh, don't tell me they just scored.
Oh, pretty close.
I'm telling him and it's gone.
A team.
There's an upstack in Smellett.
I think Ghana win 42 and a half minutes.
They played it still Brazil.
Uno and Neil for Ghana.
Uno on Neil.
I think it's kind of like.
Neil God.
Neil God.
Neil.
It is so sad.
1142, 18-diluno QA and while supplies last save hundreds of dollars off a silly
potropetic striker ultraplug Euro pillow top only from Dala mattress.
What if that's the thing that's a Jeff striker for a limited time.
Take 400 bucks off a queen set.
Oh, now I know it is just 699 bucks.
Take 550 bucks off a king set.
Similar savings in all sizes.
Now this isn't some cheap ol' mattress other stores promote in their ads.
It's a luxury silly posture pete complete with memory foam and a premium core unit perfect for the master bedroom.
This is a special limited time off and it won't last long at Dala mattress.
Call 1-800 mattress right now and find out more about the striker mattress from
Siliarask about clearance pricing and other silly posture pete.
Call 1-800 MATTRES and ask about their 12 months financing plan.
Dala mattress ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction and I continue that I've been using them for years and just about everybody
QN does the same and we absolutely love them.
The easiest and smartest piece of shopping you'll ever do when I can save some big time extra cash by calling 1-800 MATTRES
leave off the last as because it stands for Spectacular Savings.
This is the new adventure.
So long.
This is 5.69 million.
Before we begin a sad note,
Rod Stewart passed away over the weekend.
We have send out deepest condolences on this greatest of all losses.
Yes.
Donnie and Marie.
Good to see you again.
The station calls Wall New Jersey for the Osmonds.
Hello.
Donnie and Marie, I heard a disturbing rumor that you two have been formicating together your entire adult life.
We, um, it's okay. It's all right.
We can be honest.
You want to go there?
I'll go there.
Two or fours.
Yeah.
It's true.
Three, five.
Because it is intense and um.
But you're siblings.
Is it a choice?
You know, the wonder all you Osmonds look the same.
The family tree only has one branch.
I'm pointing the at it.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
Marie, do you ever regret losing your virginity to your brother?
Of course.
No.
I'd never take back that time.
Oh, you love me.
I have it.
You're so bad.
Jatin Texas.
Hello.
All right. Listen, Donnie and Marie.
I don't know what kind of crap you're trying to pull here, but I don't believe for a second.
You two have sex together.
Um, I got to tell you, buddy.
It's so true.
Yeah, prove it.
I want to see you kiss each other right now.
I'm talking right open now, flailing tongues here.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
You're a fly, right?
Yeah.
You're a fly.
There's no pull this back.
Whoo.
Hmm.
Wow.
It is the best.
How are you going to win it out?
The television history.
Don't go away.
We'll be right there, baby.
Wow.
And of course, you know what Donnie's most popular song is in Stuart, don't you?
Do I give a puppy love?
That's it.
Oh, geez.
928 votes.
By the way, Brazil scored again.
It was offside, but they didn't call it.
So it still counts.
It's 2Z.
2Z.
2Z for Brazil.
Over the Ghana Rea team.
Over a very hard working ender.
The only problem with Ghana is they're going to be close to the goal.
I keep it about 30 yards over the top of the lip.
How many?
About 30, man.
And they called it puppy love in Stuart.
And they called it go straight to jail and don't ever do it again.
Oh, I don't think the puppy loved it.
Oh, my God.
That's Donnie before either beat him.
Yeah, he even came close to Bob.
Wow.
God is the city.
God is the street.
Here we go with some of the big news.
I know that we want to get real news intensive.
No way.
No.
You bet.
The rival Hamas and Fatas movements see today complete an agreement on a plan that implicitly recognizes Israel.
Oi!
Any weeks of acrimonious negotiations are tough, official said.
We have an agreement over the documents that Abraham Abu Najah, coordination of the, it should say, coordinator, but it doesn't.
This is a P.
They suck.
Coordinator of the National Dialogue with the Proposal.
Salaf Zaidan, another negotiator, said preparations are made for a formal signing ceremony.
All political groups are prepared for a mutual ceasefire with Israel, he said.
President Mahmoud Abbas, a Fatasid, is fault-mire halosius.
Now, he said he's been trying to coax him to mass-ribe us into endorsing the document, which is formulated by senior Palestinian prisoners held by Israel.
Our position to the deal was voiced by Islamic Jihad, a small military group that's created out numerous attacks against Israel.
And today's meeting, we announced we reject some of the articles of this document.
We have reservations about other articles that call it al-Batch, spoken for Islamic Jihad.
The plan calls for a Palestinian state alongside Israel and the fact that it goes on and on similar stuff.
You know, the chair is already enough with that.
Go kill each other and leave us alone.
And that's basically the way to look at it.
I still do.
Pretty much from just, you know, well, you want to kill each other, have a good time.
It's just like the Indians and the Pakistanis and the same of the Israelis and the Palestinians.
You want to kill each other?
Hey, well, a more power to you.
We'll pack you a sandwich.
Right.
Kosher for a face off.
Kosher for a tissue boat.
932 votes on the pool on the World Cup.
And you better be respectful because they're at the halftime now.
And it's Brazil to head to the mill for Brazil over the Ghana real team.
Over a very tough and the dark and the surprising Ghana team.
Ghana had been taken into a man.
And like I said, they've been dominating the game and they're down to a mill.
In that bag?
To a mill?
Quite a much of a thrill.
560-705-60.
How come we're not getting any heat calls on here, huh?
Oh, I think they exhausted themselves on Friday.
That's why we're thinking of the parade.
How many people ran for parade?
About third, man.
You think?
They're about.
I don't know.
Do you guys go to the parade?
I'm sorry.
Didn't they interrupt the show for some live coverage?
You know, we tried to and it didn't really happen.
We had Miguel Colin with one update and didn't say anything and that's all that happened.
Really?
Really?
We were supposed to be getting all kinds of reports, but it didn't really start officially until two o'clock anyway.
So, good timing.
WQYM, heat headquarters.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Too nothing.
You ever going to deal with the overrun during this game, is?
Six.
No, I wonder if I ever...
The overrun is probably one.
Probably Eddie Keele, tell you.
This is the right station, though, for that.
He wants the over's numbers.
I'm Tittley Winks, Maxi's on Knaasda Games in the Archando.
Whatever's going on, we got the over's numbers and the ins and the outs.
WQYM, hello.
You know, you're sticky, it's cold and tiring.
You're not going to get any voices all the time, too.
Okay, your phoney voice is all the time.
You're really boring.
Give it a kiss to Fatboy, too, by the way.
5670560, Bob and 560, I believe, are rising and singular.
That must have been Gildey's boyfriend.
Why did I have a point where stick is old?
My stick is real old, but it still works.
WQYM, hello.
Working, well, English, fine.
QAN.
QAN.
Oh, boy, we lost.
That was going to be a really good call.
I was Fatboy's other friend.
WQYM, hello.
Gildey.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Okay, sir.
How are you today?
Pretty good, thank you.
I don't know if you saw it, you probably did, but there was a good article in the Sentinel this morning by the end.
It's about coming out.
By Marine Dowd?
Yes, sir.
Worth reading over the air.
It was one of her bests.
Well, how down did I miss that?
I don't know.
Well, I'll check it out right now.
Thanks, pal.
How would I ever miss a Marine Dowd column?
Because it wasn't in the York Times, unless it's an oldie with baddie, huh?
Out of it.
You know what the problem is going to be now?
What?
Well, no, because it's the Sentinel website, and you know the issue is that I have this website.
Oh, yeah.
So rather than wasting my time with this, in fact, you know what I'm going to do?
I give up what he can do.
He's just going to Google Marine Dowd.
Good playing.
Well, no, because their columns are usually in the Times, and that's where I usually get them from.
And I can meet with you, go right on our...
Let's see, recent columns and multi-media by Marine Dowd.
Here we go.
I'm clicking on it.
I'm live, so I should have had some filler music all cute up.
We need Chloe.
Is that...
I don't know which one he's talking about.
Readable.
Well, that must be the one he's talking about.
How am I going to know if it's the one he's talking about?
Readable.
Well, no, go to the Sun Sentinel, because you can do it, see?
Because they reprint her columns like days later, you know, a couple of days.
See which one it is before I waste my time reading this.
Although I will...
Did he give us a hint?
Huh?
No, he just said it's in the Sun Sentinel day.
Just look at Marine Dowd's column, doing it.
Can't you do that?
I mean, is this a little bit too big of a tall of an order for you to handle?
Well, you know how I am about tall.
Yeah.
Well, that was way offside.
Even I know that.
Look at that.
This game is fixed.
And the tunnel he's at boring, but it's fixed.
Okay, we got Marine Dowd's column from June 24th.
We need Chloe.
But I'm not going to read it if it's not the same one that this guy's talking about.
I got our men necessary.
Really?
In the Sun Sentinel, well, maybe you can print that one out.
Wait a minute.
Let me go back a minute and see what for that.
I don't think that column was in there.
As we need Chloe again.
Poor Marine.
She's so good and print and so bad on here.
Ah, see.
Marine Dowd, better to have a praise of Jack.
Just don't call it annesty.
What year is that from?
Is that the one?
June 27th.
That's today.
That must be the one owner that's by John Tierney.
What the hell is my Marine Dowd for Christ's sake?
Well, why don't you just print it out and fax it to me?
How's that?
We'll go through all of this time consuming a ponderous crap.
I mean, we have enough time consuming ponderous crap like these calls, you know.
We do have 942 votes.
I told you we'd have that 1000 by 1 o'clock.
And I think by 1230, we're going to have 1000 votes.
How do you like that?
Put that in your pot pipe and smoke it, Mr.
A seaport in Ventura County, Northwest of Los Angeles was reopened yesterday after a four-hour investigation
of a potential terror threat turned up nothing suspicious.
Just like all those evil doers in Liberty City, baby, all those Shmata heads.
Nothing.
We didn't look.
The government doesn't want to get you nervous.
I'd like Michael Morrison.
In fact, that seemed to be the underlying theme all throughout Fair and High and High and 11.
It was the Boogie Man.
Now, who was in that again?
The kid from 7th Heaven, Barry Watson.
Okay.
Why am I sharp or what?
I need a lot more of the key points.
Barry Watson.
It's elementary.
My dear Watson.
Authorities closed off the port of Junimi, a junimi in Ventura County after a dock worker discovered a message squaldened marker on a metal pillar in a hold of a ship carrying bananas from Guatemala,
said Will Burgh, the ports marketing director.
It was carrying bananas.
Burgh said the message read, this nitro is for you, Mr. George W. Bush and your Jewish cronies.
Federal authorities gave a slightly different version saying the ink message was nitro plus sign glycerin.
My gift for GW Bush and his Jewish gang.
About 20 people aboard the ship, a 30,000 ton.
30,000 ton.
About 30,000, man.
Refrigerated vessel that arrived from the port of Ketsal in Guatemala were evacuated.
Workers already outside the port were being kept out, although anyone inside was not a remain.
FBI spokeswoman Laura, I, I, I, I, Miller said agents were at the scene but wouldn't come.
There was nothing.
Zipity to the port is northwest of LA.
There was nothing there.
I mean, after all, if you're going to make a terrorist attack, don't, don't the terrorists always like write out some kind of a,
they scroll a message ahead of time.
They do the recall in the bomb threat.
They give you lots of warning.
Exactly.
947 boats on a pool.
I'm pretty impressed by that.
It's still in 56.
Not even new yet.
We almost got our thousand boats.
By the way, there is no article.
Right.
I thought you just got through telling me that's the name of her book.
It was a link to a book that he saw.
Well, there may be the article is the one, well, what's it got to talk about?
Well, ain't an accent, no, that's for sure.
Are you, are you, are you sure positive?
Positive.
Well, why would a guy call in and make that up?
Gee, I don't know why would somebody call and make up a bunch of crap.
Oh, this is about the Miami gang.
Well, I'm going to read this one.
This is from, and I'm glad that he pointed that out because I don't think I ever did send this one along to you.
From a couple days ago to you got it now.
I've got, you know, I just did a search.
I'm talking about Josh.
Hooray.
I don't, don't take that kind of an altitude.
Although the bad news, you got some bad news though, coming.
You want to know what it is?
Oh, Jesus, what?
My election is working just fine now.
See, when election has issues, it's always early in the morning, you know, like between 9 and 10 or 11,
then all of a sudden it works like magic.
Fantastic.
So I would anticipate, because look, let's face it, I'm not doing a lot during the summertime.
I might as well send you like four or five hundred stories for it as well.
Josh says he's not doing that much.
He's not doing nothing.
Okay, just that Russian chick, that's all he's doing.
Plus, get a little drunk every night.
11.58 probably that vodka that she's, you know, hooked on.
What?
What are you laughing about?
No vodka in your house?
Well, she doesn't just keep the vodka.
You know, sometimes it's the things that you can't see that hurt you.
In South Florida for 28 years, dry concepts is simply the best at dry cleaning your carpets
and making them look brand new.
I should know that because I've used them for over 21 years in my homes.
They always do a stellar, stupidest job, making even the worst looking carpets look just like you have brand new
late on your floor.
When you dry clean your carpets with dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain the night because they dry in a couple of hours.
And your carpets stay cleaner longer when those sticky residue will left behind.
And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, you'll have plenty of company with a big smile on their posts.
And don't forget, dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration.
Keep that in mind, altering this nasty hurricane season.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes, not days.
And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours.
It's glad and teed.
And atop it all off, dry concepts has a state of the art, or we have a rock cleaning plant.
The only one in town on site that's dedicated to keeping your expensive area rugs looking just like brand new.
So do yourself a big favor.
They'll never disappoint you.
They'll always give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing their fantastic job.
And Dave Broward of the Palm reaches called ROT Concepts today at 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-62-AM.
Well, it beat at 12-1-1 on WQ-AM.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been to the round days today.
Now, it's a classic city where you'll stick stuff away a river would fly here.
Now, if it's needed time, and if the drink is cold, then it dies to the spicy.
I've got the candle liquid cherry, yo.
Oh, baby.
The cream I've got out of Jerry Jerry's be baby, Bruce.
Oh, baby.
Shiny little little little baby.
He took the susprits, chit, down to a downstaffer road in a bit.
That is super bad way.
Now, if the artist stop the big deals, I'll say I'll get around the pictures of the praise.
A 1979 album, oh, Carolina.
So looking by now, it's my baby, Carolina.
Oh, baby.
Oh, we're not gonna get the cherry, it beat at 12-1-1.
Shiny little little little baby.
Yo.
I've got a window down on the hot summer day because the AC door would not wake.
The sweating pressure loss eats fuss was failed and gets the tossing look at over time.
I'm acting you find the shiny ground of smell like lime,
and I'm going to make my coffee giant and do this, I've been washing it with all the roll.
Don't long be here.
Over the cold out of Jerry Jerry, baby, Bruce.
Oh, baby.
I'm going to drop it, Bruce.
Going over Steve Lufz and Bruce.
Don baby, Bruce.
Go ahead, Jerry.
You'll be fancy to be thinking, don baby.
I special request today that simple jackass Tony Snow wanted to hear that.
12-0-4-5-60, they started the second half in Germany where this game has been played as it in Stuttgart.
I don't know where it is somewhere.
And it's Brazil to the nil over the gunner we have seen.
Every time it takes a shot, it's like 20 yards over the top of the net.
So, Marine Dowd wrote a couple of days ago, three days ago to be exact, we need Chloe.
Okay.
She said, you think Michael should have put something more important to do?
The hapless online security chief could snatch more money away from American locales more likely to hit by Alcada.
Or let another wonderful city fall into a watery of this.
Or go on TV and help people news hack the saga of the Mime Gang of Terrace wannabes
who looked like they couldn't find the local series, let alone the series tower.
These guys were so lame they asked in informant for boots, radios, binoculars, uniforms, and cash,
believing he was Alcada and that the hares need uniforms.
Instead, the cadaverist churroff was galvaning on stage yesterday morning, meaning Thursday,
with some fictional counter-terrorism experts from 24.
The producers writer and three actors from the Fox show appeared at an event,
sponsored by the Heritage Foundation, at the Ronald Reagan Building International Trade Center.
Throwing out his old scripts, Mr. Reagan was a master of mixing fiction, in fact,
but he was a piker compared with the Bush crowd.
The audience included clearance Thomas and his wife, Ginny, who welded in with these Supreme Courthirs
day for the Tinseltown Therber grade.
Rush Limbaugh, who said the Dictinian Rummy were huge fans of 24, was master's ceremonies for the panel.
Oh, maybe that's what he needed to vibrate for, to get up to the occasion.
He was MC of the panel titled 24 in America's Imaging Fighting Terrorism.
Fact fiction doesn't matter.
It doesn't in this administration, Marine says, better to have a panel and praise the Jack Bauer
than admit we have no real Jack Bauer to find Osama and his murderous acolytes.
Better to pretend that rounding up a bunch of Florida losers, whose plan was more aspirational
and operational as one FBI official put it, is a great blow in the war on terror than to really turn our intelligence agencies
and home on security into the relentless resourceful and fearsome organizations there in fiction,
and should be given the billion spent on them.
Lawled by our spy thrillers and Tom Clancy novels, we used to take regretted that our intelligence agencies were just as capable of heroes on the screen.
Jack Rhyne, either the Harrison Ford or Alec Baldwin, or even the Ben Affleck version, could have gotten Osama single handily in the two hours allotted.
Even though they still haven't captured the theme behind 9-11, W and Dick Cheney still blend fact in fiction by using 9-11 to justify their wrong-hit adventure in Iraq.
As the Vice President told CNN's John King this week when he was asked about his claim that we would be greeted as liberators in Iraq,
it doesn't make any sense for people to think that somehow we can retreat behind our oceans,
leave the Middle East, walk away from Iraq, and we'll be safe and secure here at home. 9-11 put the light of that.
And in Macabre, metric of improvement, Dr. Death also noted that things were looking up, Dr. Death.
There were a lot more Iraqis becoming casualties in this conflicted prison because they're now in the fight he said, surely.
Some of W's closest allies have begun privately calling Vice an absolute disaster, but when will W realize how twisted his logic is?
In the new book, the 1% doctrine, Ron Sustine writes that CIA officials refer to Mr. Cheney as Edgar, as an Edgar Berger and Charlotte McCarthy,
and that W had asked his debontering second to pull back a little at meetings and not offer him advice in crowded rooms so they could continue to pretend Mr. Cheney was not the puppet master.
What sounds like that Mickey Eisner bit? On the homeland security said Mr. Chudoff,
fighting by the actors who played the beautiful Techno-Geek Chloe in President Logan, seemed a little fuzzy about whether the fancy technology on 24 really exists.
He noted one thing you don't see on 24 is when the computer is crashing and having to get the IT people to come into reboot and get the computer working again.
Given that the FBI is struggling to get a computer system that can simultaneously search for flight and schools, his answer was not all that funny.
Asked about the slicing of anti-terrorism money given in New York, he replied that we put a lot of extra money in a northern New Jersey while I feel better already.
Mr. Limbaugh, slightly suggested the producers give Jack Murtha a cameo as KGB chief, he praised 24 for giving torture a good name.
This past season, he should began exploring what happens when a Nixonian president becomes so obsessed with national security that he starts undermining the country's laws.
That's the kind of fishing you hate to see become fact.
Thanks to the actor calling in because this may or may not be the article. It's quite frankly, I don't give a great but how do you like that?
They played 56 minutes and 57 minutes almost at the World Cup and it's still Brazil to the nil over the Ghana.
There's I think a yellow card.
I guess as you want to vote.
Yellow card, look out now.
I'm nervous.
This is such a prissy sissy and when you think didn't the Brits invent this crap?
What soccer?
Yeah, I have no idea.
It had to be.
What have to be?
They invented all the prissy sissy stuff and of course back in the days of the British Empire, that's when they spread this disease around the world.
I thought they were just cricket.
No, that's the other thing.
Oh, in fact, I'm so glad you mentioned that to show you how silly the British are.
You know how it's going on about the BBC and how great their news is and their such great intellectuals that give you the real truth instead of nothing but propaganda.
Well, one BBC newscaster I watched when I was over there last week in Berlin.
The lead story breathlessly presented by the presenter.
China, maybe on the way to a world domination in cricket.
Can you believe that?
No.
Oh, I'll shout again 50 yards over the goal by the guy.
By the way, some of them.
Yes, what's Scrum?
Scrum is like in rugby when they all get down and they throw the ball in the middle and they all get down and start grabbing it and they get dirty.
That was the way it is. It's down and dirty.
That's a Scrum.
And they also have, we talked about this though before I went on vacation, we do a squash but I just didn't know what the hell I was.
No, seriously, I'm not talking about summer squash that you read. I'm talking about the game.
Yeah.
You ever heard a squash?
I have, yeah.
And is that where they also have a Scrum? I can't separate all these silly-ass brick-game.
I mean, a Scrum is like a bat and a ball.
Is it?
I think so.
No, no, no.
You're taking a cricket.
Cricket is the silly-ass style of the paddle.
But I mean, like a bat that shaped like a paddle, squash has a paddle.
And it's a 386 for seven.
I have no idea what they're talking about.
The Brits are leading Australia.
386 for seven.
What?
We got 971 hosts tonight.
Today we have a thousand, oh, look at that.
Was that one of the Brazil guys there?
And they were holding his head.
Oh, boy.
He said my pops like a weird pit today.
I don't know what I mean.
I got a bad headache.
There is a Brazil coachman, Oscar Aguera Pereira José Amanas.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm getting tired of Brazil.
Everybody hates them like poison.
Enough with this crap already.
971 hosts.
What's your take on the World Cup?
La Copa de Aluindo.
You know how you say it?
Okay.
Well, I was in the name of the song, wasn't it?
La Copa de Alavida.
La Copa de Alavida?
Wasn't that it?
Good idea out of here.
You're the Ricky Martin.
I guess I did.
Oh, yeah, I'm the real Ricky Martin fan.
971 hosts.
What's your take on the World Cup?
Soccer is so boring.
358 people wise enough to realize that.
I could suck in by the hype.
Moderately interested, 259.
Well, that's good because we're keeping you abreast of the score all day here.
I love it.
Watching it on TV, 202, which means there's 200 people that we don't have right now.
Maybe they're listening and watching at the same time.
Seeing them from giving an accurate rub down.
What's the World Cup?
78.
That's 76.
As boring as watching any of this sport, that's George again being a sour pusse.
That's right.
By the way, the watch uses a racket.
48.
And I hit this full 29.
You rack it?
Yeah, and you bounce it off the walls.
And the ball too.
Yeah, you rack it and you rack it?
Well, that's good.
That's right.
Squash.
I don't mind spaghetti squash.
Do you ever have that?
We're like a little bit of pasta sounds.
It's not big on the squash.
Well, my mother used to make that all the time.
Because in there, we have a lot of butter and salt.
Butter?
Yeah.
Are you out of your mind or what?
Do you ever try that?
Can't believe it's not butter?
Yeah.
It's margarine.
I thought margarine is supposed to be really bad for it.
It is.
Well, how come they call it a can't believe it's not butter?
I kid they say it's not butter.
It's not butter.
It's margarine you, Jack.
It's like a lot of trans fats in it.
You know what tastes more like butter?
What's that?
No.
How about a salt free butter?
Okay.
I like it salty myself.
Lando lakes.
Mmm.
I got some nice hot potato bread.
Tatebane.
Mmm.
Olioliva.
Let's kill Eli Wallick before somebody else gets him first.
Did we decide that he's alive or dead?
The Googler.
I think he's alive.
Oh, what a shame.
From 13th Bob Weaver, we lose Weaver, the weatherman, and we still got Eli Wallick.
I can't close the short right there.
There is no God.
There is only.
There is no God.
If you think you might have termites in your home and vote, we're in the middle of that
humid hurricane season and termite season, do it yourself a big favor and call our friends
at Riddet Pest Control today for a free termite inspection.
There is no obligation.
Now they came to your home.
What do they find?
What do they do?
They haven't done anything yet, but they're going to.
Boy, like if it's raining, what does that mean?
They just, they need to hire some extra people to take care of my house.
That wouldn't be surprised at all.
I'm sure there's plenty of varmants crawling around in there.
And critters.
Riddet Pest Control uses that amazing orange oil free when the kill's termites and their
eyes on are present on contact.
They're gone fast and they can say Georgia is a slob.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tent your house and make a whole carnival over your neighborhood.
You don't have to worry about poisoners gas moving out or staying in hotels or motels.
No worry about food or pets in your house.
Because our good friends at Riddet Pest Control treat your home when it's amazing orange
oil, you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, you don't have to even walk away.
When they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean set
of oranges for just a few days.
So if you're really worried that you might have a termite problem or if you know you've
already got it, do yourself a favor and nip it in the bud.
Call Riddet Pest Control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment
that kills termites and their eyes 100% on contact.
No tending, no games, no kidding, just a fantastic job every time.
Call right now for pre-inspectional like I said, there's no obligation, they'll come
and check it out for you.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
And be sure when you call it and tell them the Todd Wreck, they'll do it in a call.
By the way, he's next to go 1-800-447-4348.
This is Mule Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-S.
She fakes orgasms, I fake four-play.
Hi, Jesus here.
I know I'm often pictured with a beard, but the truth is, I don't like beards.
They itch.
A lot.
That's why I use the new Shaking Tennanov-Late Hyper-Raser.
It gives me such a clean, close shave.
It's a miracle.
Really, just the other day I was walking into the town square.
I was there to have lunch with my good friend Jesus.
Hey, Judas.
Hey, Judas.
Jesus, didn't recognize me, did you?
Christ almighty, you shave!
Braille, have you heard the good news?
Jesus, shave.
Jesus will not shave you, but you can shave.
I like Jesus.
Have you been shaved?
If not, get the new Shaking Tennanov-Late Hyper-Raser today.
And have an amazing place.
Amazing place, Jesus, all my friends.
The Shaking Tennanov-Late Hyper-Raser.
A proof by the Pope.
Called 19 and 560, it's a close shave for the Pope, I guess, huh?
Oh, that's cute.
The rye shout writes in the progressive, at least for this and Nazi Pope.
I wonder if he was at the end of the games.
Yes, sir.
I think he's a teenager.
Are you watching in the middle?
Watching?
This is for these people, I am on any yards up in the year, so we can.
61 minutes gone by and a big tremendous soccer match at the La Copa de El Mundo.
And it's Brazil, 2-0 against the Ghananese.
Matthew Rossi, out in the progressive, I'm not going to start reading all about your stuff here, am I?
Yes.
What you sure as hell don't do what I got to make up for in these two days right here,
to bring us up to date, everybody's in the dark now.
Yeah, the only thing we know about is, and he's pretty dark.
I wonder if he's wearing his icy sleeve.
In fact, you know, he used to be the race caller at Woodbine, and now he's at Western Fear,
because he lives over here right now.
Frank Salive.
That's his name.
He's a great race caller, man.
I wonder what's up in Salive.
Yes.
Anyway, Matthew Rossi, out writes, Bush goes after the New York Times.
Remember freedom of speech and impression, things like that?
No, I guess you have a good memory.
Back to the late 1790s under the alien and sedition acts, then during the Civil War and again during WWI,
the government prosecuted editors.
It's not a practice that thrills me as an editor writes Matthew Rossi.
Oh.
Or should it thrill you for that matter, because it's about his blatant violation of the first amendment as there is,
but that didn't stop Representative Peter King, chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee,
from one of the get the cuffs on the editors in the New York Times.
We're at war, he said, and for the times to really send information about secret operations,
and methods is treasonous.
King said he would ask Attorney General Alberto Vio V Jose, him and his Gonzalez,
to begin an investigation and prosecute the New York Times, the reporters, the editors,
the publisher, people who read it, all of these, everybody on the street corner.
Dick Cheney also dumped on the Times saying that some of the news media take it upon themselves to disclose vital national security programs.
This most offensiveized president said that offends me.
Taking his cue from Cheney as usual, Bush on Monday said, for people who leaked that program and for a newspaper to publish it,
this great harm to the United States of America.
The revelation he had, it makes it harder to win the war on terror.
And Gonzalez himself is supposed to be the leading law enforcement officer of the U.S.
and his sworn-uapolda constitution has also been warning ominously about prosecuting journalists.
What King Cheney Bush Gonzalez and many right-wing punnets don't seem to appreciate is that we the American people need to have a free press to check the excesses of government.
Such a free press has never been needed more so than today when the Bush administration has taken excess to the Nth degree.
To my eyes, the New York Times has been aggressive enough.
It held the NSA spying story for more than a year.
It led Judith Miller cozy up to the Iraq War cheerleaders and placed some of their propaganda on the front page.
Our biggest failures have generally been when we failed to dig deep enough or to report fully enough bill,
Keller editor at times, acknowledging letter to readers on June 25.
He also revealed this to us solicitous the times has become of the administration's views.
Our decision to publish the story of the administration's penetration of the international banking system
followed weeks of discussion between the administration officials and the times,
not only the reporter who wrote this story, but senior editors including me Keller wrote.
We listen patiently and attentively, we wait the most heavily the administration's concern
that describing this program would endanger it.
But the president doesn't deserve a seat at the editorial meetings of the New York Times or any other newspaper.
That's not his place. He's commander in chief, not editor in chief.
It's up to us reporters and editors and publishers to decide what is news, not the branch of government that's supposed to be covering.
Once the president takes over that job, the fourth estate is totally lost its function.
So before Gonzales, Cheney, Bush and King throw Bill Keller and Arthur Salzberger Jr. in the who's go,
they might want to consult a copy of the Constitution if they can still find one laying around.
You know that piece of paper, that crappy horse of ball piece of paper,
a table piece of paper like your president said, and I repeat your president.
993, what did I tell you about 1230, we'd have a thousand votes.
Well, I'm telling you, I am as sharp as a marble.
And it's all ain't all stick.
Oh boy, 64 and almost 65 minutes gone by.
Are you keeping track of this? You know, you also keep in track of the extra time.
Huh?
Well, you know, soccer is the only game that I can think of where there's a time factor involved.
I mean, there's some sports like baseball, where there's a time factor.
Yeah.
The only one I can think of where the clock never stops.
Ever to my knowledge except that it has time.
It just keeps running and running and running and like, you know, like a time X.
So that's it.
Like the energizer bunny.
Just keeps going on and on.
And then of course there's always that extra time that the referee decides he's got his own little stopwatch.
And depending on who he bet on, he decides how much extra time is going to be.
Look at you, you're a big soccer guru now.
Hey, I know my crap, Mr. Let me tell you right now.
I know my Ronaldo from Brazil from that Ronaldo guy from Portugal.
Who's ill in right now?
Let's see, here's a fact from Andy and Miami Beach.
He says, as if we didn't already know this, we're definitely living in a police state.
Mickey Harrison got up to make a speech after the heat one live on ABC.
And ABC bleeped him out when he said these guys worked their asses off.
Oh my god, Mickey Harrison said ass.
Oh, brother.
It was also pretty funny when Harrison mistakenly said during his speech at the parade.
Stay white.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, white hot was the...
I know that.
What you're gonna call it, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, what if you don't want to stay white?
What does that mean?
You put on like L.D.
And you put on black face, go on in the sun and get you the tan.
Also, a 790, the ticket at a promotion, we're handing out pictures of David Hasselhoff to the Strat-Newisky.
AA Arena security guards were told to confiscate them since the heat station is WIOD.
I know that this is a running joker, but they're actually his arrest warrant now in Washington Avenue and South Beach called the Somyang guy.
Oh, isn't that great?
What's wrong with Somyang guy?
Depends on who you're talking about.
Well, I wouldn't...
I think...
I want the shoot right now, okay?
I want it right away.
Oh, oh, somebody tried to get me served your guy.
How have you done that?
At any rate?
560, 705, 60, 0.5, 60, and leave a ride and sing it a wireless line.
997, boy, the timing on this is just staggering.
Oh, this one of the gononiza guys.
Now holding his...
Oh, geez.
I think he got need in the nuts.
Thousand votes, boys and girls.
How do you like that?
Did I say by the time we got to 1230?
Yeah.
We're ahead of our schedule.
So let's get that Marlon pre-games show on right now.
Even though the game ate till 775.
Marlon's in the temple bay devil race.
Now, how many people we have there last night, Josh?
You have any idea?
Well, I watched it on TV and I'm going to go with about 700.
But they won!
There was a win in the room.
They were there.
They were there.
They pulled it out.
They won 8 to 5.
They're at...
They're talking about white hot.
They are red hot.
They're the hottest team in baseball the last month.
Am I correct about that?
For the past 20 games or something, yeah?
Yes, yes I am.
Of course that includes the 9G and Winnie Street, but nevertheless.
Well, they're orange hot.
And they have some stinkin' nerve, man.
And after I left on vacation to sweep the blue jays that weekend.
The blue jays run to verge of greatness.
They were running a game out of first.
And they come in to South Florida right away like a bunch of smartasses.
But a bing, three in a row.
They did that for you.
They did that for you.
They did that just a stick it to me.
Okay, that's your Marlon organization.
That was probably David Sampson getting even.
Thousand and two votes on a pool.
Each your heart's out across the street.
That's more votes we got on a pool than you got listeners over there.
With the juices loose and that's it bursting the Schwartz's cough.
Whatever his name is.
What's that guy's name?
Who?
That's the Schmerrall of course.
Of course he called me.
You have all.
Look at that.
Did you see that they came within a...
Here's a hair lip of scoring gold.
They got an ease.
They got a weird name.
What's it called?
The Gone One Ease.
I think they're called Goneers.
They were...
Well they're going to be in this match.
I'll say that they're Goneers.
Hey, here's some good news for a lobster fest.
It's back every Friday through Sunday at the Emerald Coast.
The best Chinese buffet in South Florida.
And they got three locations for you.
Sunrise, Pember Pines, and Sunny Oles Beach.
In fact, Gov and I talked to my good friend Richard at the Emerald Coast.
He's just as proud as I am that the least lost no playout games this season.
Over a hundred different items featured on the Emerald Coast buffet.
So we shouldn't try them all.
Start out with six gourmet soups.
Then go for a delicious juicy New York steak grill order just the way you love it.
Hand-carb primary.
There's a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes as well as a salad and shrimp bar.
I have salad and...
See, a bar.
Boy, you've been long vacation since you've been able to do that last.
You will know what to eat next at the Emerald Coast.
And at a zird bar, a spectacular during the week, but on the weekends, even better because
the 40-inch chocolate bun will make your mouth water as you hand it to your strawberries, marshmallows, cheesecake,
other deconent treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert.
A perfect ending to a gigantic feast at the Emerald Coast.
And don't forget, no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap, it was only healthy, cholesterol, fecinal oil,
even a lielalic would be proud.
So bring the whole family to the Emerald Coast today called 9-5-4-572-38-22 for reservations 9-5-4-572-38-22.
The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet, and don't forget to be prided through Sunday.
It's locked to your fest at the Emerald Coast where you can eat your hearts content without spending a lot of green.
This is meal Roger.
Oh my, this is 5.62.8.
Now what the hell was that?
I don't know, was it a redroin?
Yeah.
That counted suspiciously like a one-door sneaky redroin to me.
Floridians, dumb ass jerks!
Hello.
I'm Joyce Beans.
We so rebutto do this sterilism.
Do I smell all right?
Let me check.
Hmm, because I refuse to dream.
I like crunchy cake.
Excuse me a moment.
Yes, I smell adequate today, not quite up to the German chocolate cake level,
but when the carpet doesn't match the drapes, I'm satisfied with a coconut cream texture.
I insist on big crunchy cake.
Yes, how I'm fine.
Now, I'm here to state my rationale for not allowing fart sounds on the meal Roger's show.
Not only are farts disgusting, but not necessary.
Bottley gas can easily be controlled with self-discipline, taste and point.
I had coleslaw for lunch, and see, there is absolutely nothing coming.
The noise that is.
I mean, if I can...
With a little self-conscious.
No.
And you didn't hear a thing.
That's why I voted for Edward Muskie.
I told you she never farted, didn't I?
She never did.
That Joyce Beans bitch.
1,500 on a pole with that, and Lusting Pit, that score thing back up on top of the screen.
And by the way, Josh is right.
Dave O'Brien is doing the games on ABC.
How embarrassing.
What are you talking about?
The soccer games, the World Cup.
No way.
I thought you were the guy that told me that there was that facts who told him he was an idiot because there was a baseball game going on on ABC.
No, no, it's Dave O'Brien is doing the soccer on ABC.
I'm telling you that right now.
I heard a little bit of it.
That's true.
Yeah.
Why did he just believe that?
Well, because when the guy fact stood in last week, it was wrong.
He was calling a baseball game.
So I'm telling you right now, man, in fact, is this thing on ABC?
Let me just take a few credits.
See, it must be, when you think.
And how they got an infomercial on my ABC affiliate here.
Why the hell would that be?
Huh?
Oh, and then there's that awful family feud with a guy with a beard.
What's that guy's name?
That's the guy's name.
Oh, my God.
He's just horrible.
You know the one I'm talking about?
Family feud that's not anymore.
Yeah.
In fact, he's...
Louis Anderson.
No, Louis B. Anderson was even not as bad as this guy.
It's still 2-0, Brazil.
And he played 76 and a half minutes.
The guy from Home Improvement.
Oh, that guy.
I don't know his name.
He's on Home Improvement?
Not anymore.
He doesn't show that.
That's true.
What are all these...
Who wants to see somebody read modeling a house?
What kind of a show is that?
All the so-called reality TV.
It's just a treasure hunt.
Do you see that one now?
No.
Haven't even seen the promo.
Oh, yeah.
I've seen the promo score.
Oh, give me a...
I'm not talking about the show.
You think I would watch anyone show?
What garbage, man.
Postures that the right-wing free republic message board.
And of course, you know that Net job website free republic.
Postures that the right-wing free republic message board today
were roused into a fury of indignation by a new story
about New York Times revelations of the administrative legal programs
of warrantless surveillance.
Posted by an individual calling himself or herself a peasant.
Oh, I can't say the way that...
That's not how you say it.
These stories...
That's cute.
The story quoted Dick Cheney as saying.
Can I say that?
And?
I can say, and.
The New York Times had out twice two separate occasions
to disclose programs.
Both times they had been asked not to publish those stories
by senior administration officials.
They went ahead anyway.
The least in the New York Times and the publishing of these leaks
is very damaging.
I guess they're not so considered by Dick Cheney and the leak
of Valerie Plains' identity of a covert CIA operative
and which jeopardized all of our operations, et cetera.
And her life and lives a lot of other CIA agents.
The thread which followed this provocative statement
was almost entirely devoted to imagining
every more extreme ways to get back at the times
for what the posters widely considered to be an act of treason.
The recommended responses started out with a relatively mild and legal
sickly AG on the NYT, the Attorney General.
Can we have a class action lawsuit against the slimes
for endagering American lives?
However, they soon became increasingly vindictive.
Whoever it is needs to spend the rest of his pathetic life
in the slammer.
In-dipement to resident imprisonments are very much in order here.
Not to put too fine a point on it,
but just how much treason is our prison prepared to tolerate.
The thread quickly took on the quality of a lynch mob
when posters attempting to wipe to one another
in the level of their imaginary violence.
I can only hope I get to see the video of Salzburgers
be hitting.
If the government will not perhaps some private citizens will.
Tarr and feathers, you are the very definition of the term restraint.
I was thinking more along the lines of Muslim solution.
String them up right next to a Muthas sad carcass.
And now no, no, no, what?
How do you like that?
Nicely.
So there you go.
These are the Afree Republic dot com crowd.
Right when Greenberg repulsed us.
Yeah, Free Republic.
That's them.
In other words, that's the acronym form.
Like that.
Fashionable votes on the pool still 2-0.
And they played almost 80 minutes in the World Cup.
And a strongly worded headline that appeared across a variety of news websites.
The Associated Press is formally accused president Bush of ignoring laws that he signs.
The AP headline at ABC News.
Bush ignores laws he angst vexing Congress.
At AOL Bush ignores laws he signs vexing Congress.
And Yahoo!
Bush ignores laws he angst vexing Congress.
Sounds like Congress is getting pretty vexed and reflects the vexing.
Republican Senator Dishy.
And now what's that word?
Pissant?
On what?
On it.
Republican Senator Judiciary Committee, Arlen Spector is counting the administration when he believes
is an excessive interpretation of presidential powers.
A law is not binding when a president issues a separate statement saying he reserves the right to revise
interpreter this regarding our national security and constitutional grounds.
That's the argument of Bush administration officials are expected to make today.
He said he for the Senate Judiciary Committee chaired by Arlen Spector,
who was demanded a hearing on a practice he considers an example of the administration's abuse of power.
It's a challenge to the plain language of the Constitution Spector said the AP.
I'm interested to hear from the administration just what research they've done to leave them to the conclusion they can cherry pick.
Apparently enough to challenge many more statutes passed by Congress than any other president.
Spector's Committee says.
The White House doesn't dispute that, but notes that Bush is hardly the first chief executive to issue with them.
Signing statements have long been issued by presidents dating back to Andrew Jackson all the way through president Clinton,
White House spokesman, woman Dana Perrano, said yes.
And again, I wonder if she's related to Marty Perrano, left handed voter from Syracuse.
You think?
Who?
As there's 18 votes on the poll about soccer, baby.
We got this big world cup game going in, you're poo-pooing it.
Just like Joyce, there was poo in here.
I think she did three pooes there at the end of that bit.
She was really old poo-pooing.
Another of the less counterways that you poo on us, Joyce.
I would say.
But third, man.
Okay, let's crank up some of these calls now.
56670560.
What do you think?
Do it.
56650560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560
I know you are pooing them, I just don't understand you.
You are pooing the crowd is booing and you are pooing and of course you are using it.
You can understand what the crowd is booing at.
You can't say they are right, you are mama.
I do not like that.
You always take that and put it in your pipe and let your it smoke it.
82 minutes and 10 seconds gone by and the gononies men had some excellent scoring chances.
But every time they get near that Brazil goal for some strange reason they kick it very high and very wide.
You know?
Look at the guy in hockey gets a penalty shot and he goes in all alone and he shoots it like 15 feet wider than that.
If there is something really I don't know, really stinko about that whole deal.
Finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable with on the man is easy to use.
And what do you think you are controlled or whole new level?
What the Comcast on demand TV is on your terms because you can select a show on your schedule,
POS every one, whatever you want.
And for a limited time you can get connected to Comcast digital cable and HBO on demand for just 3499 a month for your first three months.
Why is TV so much better with on demand? I am so glad you asked.
For a starage you can walk over 3000 free movies and shows whenever you want, whenever you are in a mood to.
It is a revolutionary way to enjoy TV on demand is ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more,
you will always have something really great to watch right when you are in a mood to watch it.
You sure can't get all this with satellite.
So dips that dish today and get big savings up to 550 bucks plus on demand so you can build your own TV schedule.
And best of all on demand is free when you have Comcast digital cable.
So pick those show times and sit back and you wonder how you were managing it along without it.
Call today order Comcast digital cable and HBO with the power of on demand for just 3499 a month for your first three months.
Indeed call 305 Comcast and then Broward 954 Comcast for a full details. Call them today. Certain restrictions apply.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 QAAs.
But if a redroin is going to be redroin one time and it's going to be like in the middle of a break, it doesn't work for me.
Okay, I don't want to like type what's boss to you, but it just doesn't work for me.
Well, I wish I could say it didn't nail me a few times last week and yesterday that doesn't work.
Okay, so whoever is making up his log and I use the term very loosely Christian.
I mean, how can we have like all three and a half informative breaks all day and then like the second break in the next hour is a 90 second break.
This is a individual even though you highly touted him when he first showed up on a scene.
He would know a log from a log cabin. He would know Abe Lincoln if he saw him.
I said it was a nice guy.
Oh, he's a nice guy, but it is usual nice guys.
I wish.
And with Christian, he's got his fame.
He says a day but what if things got to be okay?
You and the other way and what if you say?
If we end up with him, you might have a day.
If you were to live with him, you might not be staying with him.
You better stay with him, you know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, what if things don't go that way?
You said what if he was the other way?
Yeah.
What if God didn't know what would be?
I feel better, sir.
1247, 13 to 11.
And the only thing I need over till it's over is all over that big stopper magic.
We're so whipped up about.
I mean, not technically over, but it's over because Brazil scored again.
Yeah.
And finally, they got a shot there, the gun on ease, but the goalie stopped it.
And they're like a minute to go and then they'll have a little extra time.
And bye bye.
It's 3-Zep, 3-Nil for Brazil.
So I see enough of that crap, okay?
Turn it off.
I did.
7 men charged with conspiring to bomb the Sears Tower in Chicago and the FBI building in Miami.
We're trapped by a federal informant, lawyers for two of the suspects that yesterday.
And in that condition, last week accused the men of pledging loyalty to us, some of it,
and Laudanse Alcada, and seeking the roof support to wage war against the US government.
The person they thought was an Alcada representative was actually an FBI informant to us,
just as the department would be saying.
Albert Levin, the court of put an attorney for suspect Patrick Abraham,
city believes his client was ensnared by the informant.
There was a lot of talking going on by the informant, and more listening by the defendant,
and or the defendant, so I've been told Fox News Channel host Bill O'Reilly, the Oceans Bill O'Reilly.
That's how I run that country.
Nathan Clark, let's send him there. Let's send his ass to a racquetlet him runner.
What are you saying? All right. Bring all the troops home and send Bill O'Reilly over there.
Sure, he can do it by phone.
Nathan Clark, a lawyer for another suspect, Rothschild Augustine agreed.
With respect to my client from what I can read in the indictment, there's going to be a question of whether there's even sufficient evidence to sustain the burden of proof on conviction Clark said.
If by any chance there's a centilla of that, then of course there's going to be the entrapment issue we said.
This thing took place over eight months according to the indictment at the end of the indictment.
It says that this thing became disorganized and nobody ever done anything or did anything Clark said.
Nobody had ever done anything or did anything.
Abraham, Augustine, Abraham Martin and John.
Abraham, Augustine and three other men arrested Thursday, Miami,
appeared briefly in a magistrate's court on Friday.
Another suspect arrested in Atlanta made his initial court appearance there on Friday.
These seven suspects arrested in Miami area earlier last week on probation violation,
escaped real appear court, Mannyana.
How do you like that?
Everybody have a nervous breakdown.
Just like Marie Dowts said, these people couldn't find serious departments or much less serious power.
But your slipper is Getski's with bad head gear.
And dirty bad.
Oh my god, bad head gear and bad head, head, head, haircuts.
Thousand and you see how many votes we got over a thousand?
Thirty, man.
Thousand thirty votes on a pool.
They kind of ease back once we got to the thousand.
You know something I don't blame you.
It's hotter and hell it's the middle of the summertime.
We got a lot of pressure with that Brazil match that they just zip right on by there.
I think they were just, they never got out of neutral in that match, you know, against the Japanese.
They didn't even want to embarrass them.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixteen, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Why sure I'm upset that I missed all of that excitement though, from the way you described it.
It wasn't the end.
You know, that'll never happen again.
Well, maybe it wasn't really fake.
I mean, it wasn't been great.
Air sauce.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, short and sweet.
Somebody QAM, hello.
I have no man.
Well, okay, good.
Give me Wilma's number.
She'll take care of him.
Go ask Wilma.
And last but certainly not least, somebody QAM.
How that was.
You see, I don't know.
That's the ordinary one I get.
Right.
But that's the faker.
Now Gilbert, you started it and did it for a while.
And this guy does it.
And then Gilbert kind of, you know, didn't keep up his pace.
So this guy became the most popular one.
But then we had the worst.
And then Gilbert.
And yet now a third one, a copier of the copier.
Oh, my God.
A copier of a copicat.
Who's really trying to say, I have no life.
Yeah, we understand.
Well, that's all of them.
And of course, you continue doing those appearances because you need the money.
So you get to meet these people.
You know, this crowd.
It's joy.
And they, uh, think forever.
Oh, there they go.
I see them.
Once that seven minute delay case in all of us in the phone, was realistic.
You see that?
I see it.
It's a beautiful thing.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
There's nobody on it.
Absolutely correct, sir.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Q-Y-M.
Yeah.
Can I speak with Neil Rogers?
Speaking.
Or this guy.
Are we going to A-D-N in Canada?
Yes.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
This is, uh, first time caller.
Okay.
Hey, Julio.
Another Julio.
See.
I was just, uh, dying to the left, to the right, or just station.
What is his guy's name?
Root.
Root.
Root.
Well, what is his problem?
This guy's the guy.
Root him.
He has a position in this guy.
Steve Root him.
Uh, he used to play with a mighty duck's.
Yeah.
I was, uh, I'm, you know, what was he trying to learn the English language?
He was having a lot of problems with him.
Uh, what is the tissue or is it you?
What is it?
Tissue.
Tissue.
Tissue.
That's what you wipe your...
Correct.
And then, you're pressed before you put in me.
Shoot over.
We've all heard this story.
November 2nd, 2004, was shaping up as the day of celebration for Democrats.
That's the exit polls predicting a victory for Senator John Kerry.
Many Americans, including most political observers, sat down to watch the evening television
coverage, convinced that Kerry would be the next president.
Absolutely.
But the council were being reported on TV, more little resemblance to the exit polls
projections.
In key state after state, Tally's different significantly from the projections.
In every case, that's your favorite president, George W. Bush.
nationwide exit polls projected a 51 to 48% Kerry victory.
The mirror image of Bush is 41 to 48% win.
But the exit poll discrepancy is not the only cause for concern.
This article, by the way, from the Boston Globe by Stephen Freeman and Joel Blyphus.
In Ohio, Secretary of State, Canada, Blackwell, the Ohio Code, chairman of the 2004 Bush
Cheney Campaign, borrowed a chapter from Secretary of State, Catherine Harris's Florida 2000
playbook, like Harris, he used the power of his office to affect turnout and toward voters
and heavily democratic areas.
Vote suppression and electoral irregularities in Ohio have been documented.
First, in January 2005, by Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee.
And in June 2005, by the Democratic National Committee, which founded the words of VNC Chairman
Howard Dean, more than a quarter of all Ohio voters reported problems with their voter
inexperience, more than a quarter of all of them.
Election Day 2000 for also Saudi-Eventivate Congressional mandate under the Help America
Vodak to replace punchcard systems with new unproven technologies.
In that election, 64% of Americans voted on direct recorded electronic voting machines,
or optical scan systems, both of which are vulnerable to hacking or programming fraud.
According to a September 2005 GAO Office of Investigation, such systems contain flaws that
could allow unauthorized personnel to disrupt operations or modify data and programs that
are critical to the integrity of the voting process.
A reasonable person could argue that, thus that a well-conducted exit poll that confirmed
the official count would be about the only reason we would have to believe the results
of such an election.
Without an audit or a recount to verify the official count, those of us who suspect that
the presidential election was stolen, do so based on the information now available.
In the days after the election, the media largely ignored this exit poll to discrepancy,
when it was mentioned, it was only to report that the exit poll, based on a confidential
25-question written survey of 114,000-plus voters and 1480 precincts were flawed.
The discrepancy, however, was real and beyond a statistical margin of error on that there
is widespread agreement, while it is still being debated, what is still being debated is
the only reason for that discrepancy.
In January 2005, on the eve of Bush's inauguration, the two men who conducted the 2004 exit
poll, Warren Matowski and Joe Lensky, released their promised explanation.
Their report began, the inaccurate season of the exit poll estimates were not due to
the sample selection of the polling locations at which the exit polls were conducted.
In other words, the precincts they sampled were representative of the nation, so the discrepancy
was not the result of choosing unrepresented precincts.
The data they released allows researchers to correlate voter characteristics, raised
age, sex, etc., with voting preferences, but was not the data that identified specific
exit poll results with specific precincts.
That data remains the property of the median consortium ABC and BC, CBS Fox C and N and
the AP that commissioned the polls.
No one has provided a coherent account of how polling area could explain discrepancy.
We have only the pollster's black assertion that carry voters must have disproportionately
participated in the polls.
Yet the available state-level data contradicts the pollster's explanation, also termed a
reluctant bush-respawn theory.
The data does show the key variables, racial makeup of a state, partisan controller governorship,
whether a state is a swing state, reports of election day complaints, all correlate with
the magnitude of the poll discrepancy.
The report also indicated that for rural and small town precincts, the only ones where
a comparable data does exist, the difference between the exit poll results in the official
count is three times greater in precincts where voters use machines than in precincts using
paper ballots alone.
If we had asked this to do with help precinct level data, we'd be able to investigate whether
the size of the data support discrepancy correlates with the voting technology used.
For these reasons and more, it is imperative that our newspapers of record as well as our
governmental oversight bodies now investigate the question people continue to ask was the
2004 election stolen, which is the name of their book by the way.
It feels to apply first and state and free of it.
Freeman.
And we all know the answer the answer is.
Absolutely.
Of course.
I mean, if at first you do succeed, why not do it again, right?
Right.
They got away with it in 2000, the media world over and played dead and spread their legs
and said, hey, why not do it again?
We can and we did and they did.
1257 at 560 over the QM while supplies last at Dalamakras, you can save hundreds of dollars
off a C.V.
Potser-Pedic striker ultra-plusher euro pillow top only from Dalamakras.
For a limited time, take 400 bucks off a queen set, just 699.
Take 550 bucks off a king set, similar savings at all sizes.
Now, this isn't some cheap old macros that other stores promote in their ads.
It's a luxury C.V.
Potser-Pedic complete with memory foam and a premium-croll unit, perfect for the master
bedroom.
It's a special limited time offer, won't last long, so call 1-800-MATTRES right now and
find out more about these striker macros from C.V.
Rask about clearance pricing out of their C.V.
Potser-Pedic as well.
Call 1-800-MATTRES and when you do call, be sure to ask about their 12-month financing
plan too.
Dalamakras still rank number one of the world's customer satisfaction.
I've been using them for years and guarantee you'll be mighted please you call them.
Call 1-800-MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for Savings and Striker.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 516-Q-A-M.
I guess hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that 1-2-hour.
It's the most pulling degree in this whole country.
Now they want to build a beach there, it's like the O.C.
The water may be toxic, but full of dead guys too.
There's filthy, filthy, raw smoothness, surfing and wide sea.
We'll put our board on the subway, maybe in a tent.
I'm wearing hard, I'm wearing tight, and all streets see me.
I'm wearing tight, I'm overland, I'm wearing tight, and they're saying life's a beauty.
I'm wearing tight, and everybody's on surf.
I'm surfing and wide sea.
Everybody on surf.
Guess what color is back in Prolo's macho or young guys?
Never guess.
No, I don't know, pink.
Yeah, what's that all about?
It's not, it's just that, you know, a bunch of fags have decided that it's okay to welcome Vince other people to wear it now.
Well, I sure got him convinced because I was watching the NHL draft, and I get all these scrapping things.
No, no spray people are wearing it.
That is not hockey players, man.
Like us.
Youngstar hockey players, are you suggesting that they're gay?
Huh?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Well, geez, that's encouraging.
For me, 150 votes on a poll so far.
What about that soccer thing?
I'm pretty sure that's the final score.
I'm not going to turn back on here because we got this very big story.
Two-story motel, partially collapsed after explosion, and some bum forked town in Georgia.
Aren't you worried about that?
No.
No.
150 votes on a poll.
What's your take on a world couple?
A Copa del Vida, la Copa del Llamundo.
Soccer is so boring.
Amen.
God Almighty.
Oh, 359 votes.
Excuse me, 390.
Where did I get the 59 from?
Am I starting to get like dyslexic now?
Maybe.
390.
More.
Moderally interested, 282.
I love it.
Watching it on TV and holding the Gonstadale, 211.
So you add those two together.
You have about 47% of this audience.
Almost half.
Let's have a soccer show.
Let's get rid of that Ira Windbag.
You get some soccer talk on her.
What do you say?
Do it.
I'm sure you're not doing much.
Who, Ira?
Yeah.
Get rid of his ass.
Man, he's killing.
Ira, you're killing us, man.
You're killing us.
We need you like a locking cup.
What's the World Cup speaking of cup?
79.
As boring as watching any other sport, that was Georgia Choice 57.
When you got some company out there, all these knee-series.
Oh, you're watching ball games well too bad.
They.
I hate this pool only 33.
3.1%.
That's pretty low for I hate this pool.
They love it.
See, they like my pool.
Now, let me ask you again, because do we even have a link?
Let me go to our homepage.
I don't think we do, which I'm a little bit concerned about that.
Do we not want to have a link to this MySpace.com?
Forward slash kneel god thing?
Oh, we haven't gotten that far yet.
But I think it's a good idea.
What do you mean yes?
When did this thing go up there?
Like last week sometime.
Yeah.
It's really taken off much faster than anybody anticipated.
Well, we missed taking off.
We got 103 friends on here.
I know.
I mentioned it like twice, maybe three times.
And then boom.
And then I mentioned it once more after that.
Well, let's see how many of our friends we got now.
No, I think we absolutely should cross-link.
Oh, we got 112 friends.
I'll just thought it would be a good idea to make sure that you were down with it before we did anything with that.
What the hell do I care, as long as I don't have some stupid chat room on there,
so people can use our space, my space, and your space, and us's space,
to like shout out to each other and write a bunch of crap.
Nevertheless, it's your face, and you're on your space.
And we don't have to write a lot of things on there.
So we wanted to make sure that you had your approval.
I guess we're not doing that hot couples contest this summer, huh?
We might. We actually been talking about the post-ability.
Well, why not?
You can put some tasteful pictures on there.
I want to put some distasteful pictures on there.
Well, we can't do that. You know that.
We can't do that.
We'll get ID.
Yeah. You go, oh, no comment.
I'm sure you'd volunteer to go house to house and check certain IDs.
That's right. And maybe I would too, but I doubt it.
I really doubt it.
I'll give all the girls a physical.
Yeah, I'm sure you'll like.
So let's see. We got all this Godfather stuff on there.
It's pretty nifty. It looks pretty good.
A bunch of good stuff.
And Miguel really is that's good.
Especially if he stiffs us on that fundraiser.
It's about time we did something with it.
And that broke ass mountain too. That's kind of cute.
Uh-huh. The dike thing. That's great.
What else we got?
I don't even know who that is.
Who?
Who's sitting there with some blinded is life? Who is that?
That's George.
That's George?
Yeah.
George has got to tongue that long.
Oh, that explains a lot of things.
Yeah.
That's George.
God compensated for all my effort.
I realize I haven't seen you in a little bit.
Oh, my God. You look like a little picture too.
Oh, no.
Look like hell on wheels.
And the G. Who is that?
Not a remember.
That of course.
That's Samson.
Oh, I remember that.
And then SUDs is there.
It looks like about not a day over 90.
Remember, he just two years younger than you.
Old. Right.
Oh, and you know something?
Wait a minute.
Where's that John Lennon bit?
Because that's going to fit in for my birthday too.
Dude.
The uh-huh?
Paul McCartney.
What I say, John Lennon?
Well, he's aging.
He's not aging well.
Yeah, why didn't they get Paul McCartney instead?
No, no, and I see now he's.
It's a P.J. here.
That's right.
We're not going to play the whole thing.
But now you look old, SUDs.
You look so old, you're the new.
Now you are older.
You still have your hair.
And you're all shy, bro.
Now, you know how it is when you don't see somebody for a long time.
Like a celebrity, which he's kind of like a minor celebrity in his own mind.
Right.
But you don't see somebody for a long time and then you see me, oh my God.
What kind of a train wreck were you in, you know?
Well, his hair wasn't so white last time you saw him.
No.
What hair?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh.
Now, that's not white, it's gray.
Mm-hmm.
SUDs is old and gray.
Well, we're getting old, man.
Yes, we are.
And then we, for the weatherman, kicks the bucket after that bitch call and said, oh, I think he's on his last list.
What'd she say on his deathbed?
I don't remember.
Yeah.
You don't remember because you weren't there.
Josh was there.
Oh, and then this guy with the, um, came art thing, the Walmart.
Wow.
What is that?
What is that?
Now, let me just ask you something.
Is I moving this stuff around a little bit so I can maybe can read it because it's got the Godfather logo is covering over us.
I got you something from Walmart.
Oh, take a puket that.
That is scary.
But there's some human looking people on here.
There are new friends.
We have friends out there.
And believe me, with the way this current regime is running this radio station, we, all the friends we can get.
Believe me.
In fact, that might be the whole audience.
112.
Let me refresh you.
You think, well, I'm talking with my kid, no one.
No.
No, I'm still 112.
It's not exactly taken off.
But it's, it's nifty in this need.
And what it's supposed to accomplish, I have no idea.
But it, yeah, give me a few people something to do.
I have no life during these boring hot summer days, right?
Right.
In between making calls to what's the same.
Hitler, Hitler.
Which I believe someone wrote as a comment on the paper.
They really, yes they did.
Now, now, I'm missing something on here.
Let me go back to that thing.
Am I missing the comment, all the comments or the comments with the pictures?
I haven't really, the comments that people post are would be the bottom right.
So just scroll down.
Bottom right.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, they'll start right under our top 12 friends that we have there.
And I see, but they all have pictures with them.
Right.
Well, that's who posted it.
I understand.
Why are you talking to me like I'm some kind of a child, man?
Well, they're going through my second childhood.
You just said you didn't know where to find the comments.
They're right there for it.
Why don't we find it?
They say comments.
I found it.
What do they?
I might actually go back for it.
If I thought I'd get it, I'll find it again.
Anyway, that's nifty.
And we're like, oh, and also speaking of stuff that has to do with the show, which I realize is unusual.
Where did you find that thing that's on our website?
Let me go to the homepage.
Oh, a listener.
And please don't ask me who, because I'm getting a lot of emails these days with country.
It's a company, a WJD.
Right.
And you listen to that email, that's me.
And there it is.
And it's what would Jesus do about all these butchered and murdered children?
It'll choke you up.
Yeah.
Now, everybody needs to take a look at that.
I can't.
I'm going to do it.
Especially Sean.
No, you've got questions out there.
There's so much behind this butchering.
Your butchered are washed in there.
There's that's killing and meaning and wounding and destroying people's lives.
And they're bragging about the fact that, oh, in Baghdad, there are actually some parts of the city
where they're back up to 12 hours of electricity.
It's 115 degrees over there in a shade now.
They're conditioning my ass, which of course couldn't hurt.
But it's just pathetic.
Anyway, Matthew Rothschild has an interesting, it's not really an article.
It's just some facts from the progressive.
The following 13 senators deserve our thanks for courageously voting to withdraw all U.S. trips
from Iraq within the next year.
These 13.
Daniel Akka, oh, and by the way, there's a player on Brazil named Kakka.
Yeah.
Kakka.
That's his name.
And the British announcer, the stuffy British announcer, refused to say that so we kept on Kakka.
Kakka.
How about Kakka?
That would be good.
Anyway, Senator Daniel Akka from Hawaii.
Kakka.
Barbara Boxer of California.
Dick Durbin of Illinois, Tom Harkin of Iowa.
Daniel Inuway of Hawaii.
James Jefferson of Vermont.
Kent Kennedy.
John Kerry.
Frank Loughtenberg of New Jersey.
Patrick Leahy, the co-sponsor, along with Barbara Boxer from Vermont.
Robert Menendez of Jersey.
Russ Fein, Gold Wisconsin.
Ron Wyden, Democratic Oregon.
All Democrats, of course, and the independent.
The following Democratic senators opposed the withdrawal amendment, showing once more that the notion of a unified discipline and genuinely opposition party does not exist in this country.
Nor is there a major party devoted to peace.
Here is the rule of shame, says Matthew Rothschilder, rule of shame.
Senator Max Boccus of Montana, Evan Byvin, the energy, oh, Biden of Delaware.
Jeff Bingham of New Mexico, Robert Bird of West Virginia, that old turd.
Maria Cantwell of Washington.
Thomas Carpour of Delaware.
Hillary Clinton of New York.
Kent Conrad of North Dakota.
Mark Dayton of Minnesota.
Chris Dottacanetic.
Byron Durgan, North Dakota.
Diane Feinstein of California.
Tim Johnson, South Dakota.
Herb Kuala, Wisconsin.
Mary Landu of Louisiana, Carl Lavin of Michigan.
Jew Lieberman, of course.
Blancs Lincoln of Arkansas.
Barbara McCullesky of Maryland.
Patie Murrier, Washington.
Hey, Patty.
Jew Fairy.
Ben Nelson of Bill Nelson of Florida.
Bill Nelson.
Ben Nelson of Nebraska.
Barack Obama of Illinois.
Mark Prior of Arizona.
Jack Reed of Rhode Island.
Harry Reid of Nevada.
Ken Salazar of Colorado.
Paul Sarbanes of Maryland.
Chuck Schumer of New York and the Debbie Stabano of Michigan.
Even Harry Reid.
No balls.
That Joe Lieberman voted against can hardly be called a shocker.
And he willingly fronted for the Republicans as the website,
CooxonLiars.com points out they called on him first as their own advocate against the amendment.
Every day Lieberman is becoming more and more like Rabbi Bangles door from Philip Ross plot against America.
You know the one who sucked up to Lindbergh?
Yeah.
And note that even the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid voted against his amendment.
That's the leadership.
Even Barack Obama voted against it.
Chris Dottacan, Joe Biden, Evan Bivode, against it.
And so are we Clinton voted against it to all five of them want to be president.
But these are not profiles encouraged, which I would say.
Absolutely correct.
How do you like that?
It's a finalist bunch of cowards.
That's right.
Just pathetic.
1075 OSP.
So be sure to.
And now I asked you that question.
And I never really got an answer.
What's the question?
Are we going to put a link on myspace.com thing that we got or yes we are.
No.
Because when you think we get a lot more friends that way?
Yes we will.
And we're looking for friends.
Believe me.
Especially in the current environment.
I noticed that on the dollar mattress copy it said Jeff high slash what's it a Gary Sarner?
Okay.
Yeah.
Gary Sarner.
So now that Gary Sarner has got his finger in that account.
Oh.
That's all I can say to that.
Hey we like Gary Sarner.
Why is that?
Oh that's right.
You got your Ruth Chris.
I went in there also.
He went in weird.
And I went to Ruth Chris.
They give you some of those things.
I got a certificate.
I went in there.
I went to town.
I got three of them.
How do you like that?
Well it's not fair.
But you know it's okay.
What do you mean it's not fair?
No joke.
Well I'll deduct that from you next check.
I'll show it.
I took advantage.
It was great.
In fact I'm glad to send you those.
Although I would like to use them here because they got a great.
I mean they're fantastic.
Ruth Chris in the Hilton Hotel downtown to Rome.
Really I heard it was bad so you should just send them down.
Yeah.
So I could use it.
I heard it.
I hear it's great.
No I heard it.
I just heard the four loader ones better.
So if you do want to just send them down it would be better.
So you actually went in there and kissed Gary Sarner's ass huh?
No.
I met the chef at the L that came in and you know brought the food when we were in here.
And so I had to see who all was there though.
That's right Tommy was there that day.
George was invocation.
George got screwed over badly.
Yeah.
I'll make up somehow.
Boy that's bad.
Tommy man.
He was in there like at seven o'clock in the morning.
Tommy deserves it.
Yeah.
Especially after the way clearance brow beats him you know.
That's right.
114 at 560 WQM.
Tell you about great food is easy to do when you know how good it is like the melting pot for example.
I've been melting potter for years and years.
That goes all the way back to Zeta.
If you haven't been in one of South Florida's melting pot restaurants in a while now it's time to go back
because it is really quite an experience and better than ever before too.
As you guys know because at least you don't get messed up on that.
You've been there a couple of times when a melting pot comes out of bread.
And they'll be in your body.
You eat so much you do get messed up.
It's a full four course dining experience starting with a renowned cheese fondue.
Serve with three different breads.
Granny Smith apples and crisp veggies.
Next comes your choice of lively salads.
Your own trays include a combination of lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, cajun, seasoned chicken, pork, duck,
portabella mushrooms and lots more cooked in oil or broth, whichever you prefer.
And don't forget the melting pot homemade dipping sauces.
That's what makes the fondue experience fun and really tasty.
And now of course speaking of tasty the clincher that every meal with the melting pot is those fantastic.
Be those fantastic desserts.
Like their chocolate fondue with fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapples, all your fresh favorite fruits,
cheesecake, brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos or graham crackers for dipping.
But there's nothing in a world like it.
It's only waiting for you at the melting pot.
So if you're getting tired and bored of the same old crap, take the whole gang off for real treat at the melting pot nearby.
You would tell middle of Neil sent you by.
There's a pot in Coral Springs, Miami Beach, North Miami Beach, Cooper City, for Lauderdale, Kendall and even prestigious Voka.
And I'm sitting here with this thing all screw up.
This is meal Roger.
That's what the one.
This is the best finger baby.
Holy Makinah.
This is Joe Bohr and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
So living out of control, corporate goals have the recognition.
Trains get every past to grow like our own road, fully tied in a nation of land.
We're loyalty to the service and value, you'll find our advantage now.
We're all dedicated by the rather common cultural.
We're all dedicated by the two that they're holding and they're holding in their soul.
But the mighty is a proud of all that ain't all over.
It's a high view patient.
Running baby, then high for Christ, for the poor right, in other things, let's make sure you find your country.
That's what our place is right here by.
Don't pay me in my house, you got this right here.
You've got it here, you've got this right here.
You've got a place right here, you've got a place right here.
You've got a place right here, you've got a place right here.
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know.
I'm dying out of here.
121 a.k.o.a.m. I tell you, I do like the grassroots a lot.
Yes.
And that stuff was all on there and it all cracked me simply as it was.
3600 and some odd songs in my iPod have only just begun.
Like the curbiners would say, only the death on their teeth.
I know it's on there.
Yeah, I was on it.
Well, the flight back from Amsterdam to Toronto was not one of the all-time best.
But it sure killed some good time.
I don't want to go through all the problems.
The plane was too hot and they couldn't board and then by the beep, but it just, you know,
it's just the traveling thing is not what it used to be.
It's going to be a real pain in the glass.
1292 votes.
So I guess I'll let you guys take those seats next time, like the next time the Europe.
All right.
Sounds good.
St. Augustine Florida, the jury that found Justin Barbara guilty of murdering his wife
during a stroll on the beach, his recommended that he received the death penalty.
The panel which deliberated for 51 minutes was split eight to four in favor of the death penalty.
Josh Edward Headstrom will make the ultimate sentencing decision, but under Florida law,
he must give great weight to the recommendation of the jurors.
Instead of mounting a defense to a death sentence yesterday,
a lawyer for Barbara chastised the jury and said that a defendant had decided on principle
not to allow relatives to plead for his life.
He will not put his family through that.
He will not do that in an effort to seek mercy for a crime he didn't commit.
The defense attorney Robert Willis said during grief remarks to the jury
that found the 34-year-old guilty Saturday of murdering his wife.
As the defendant looked on from the defense table, his attorney told jurors he was dumbfounded by the decision.
He looked at him all and went,
like that, and then what they should have done, the OJ trial?
The jury should have looked at the jurors and gone,
like that.
Although I think that's what OJ did, wasn't he?
Went, kind of like that.
I'm not going to find that thing.
Juice, you know what I'm talking about?
What do you tell me? No juice.
Oh, man, different energy is not that a big thing.
It's all there.
There it is.
Anyway, as the defendant looked on, I just said that.
I don't know how you got where you are.
He said, shaking you said, echoing accuracy made against police and the closing argument of the trial.
Willis said, apparently you have found every sinister inference there is.
The six men and six women on the jury stared back at Willis with blank expressions like,
huh?
The panelists returned to the jury room yesterday more
and decided whether Barbara should receive death or lack in prison,
but not the possibility of parole for gunning down his wife April.
I'm deserted beach in 2002.
He claimed she was killed by a mugger who also shot him four times.
What do you think?
About what?
I think the bitch had a coming.
Probably.
By the way, you know, I noticed one of our friends out there, 119 friends that we have on at
new, uh, my, uh, place.com is, uh, Johnny G.
Hope.
Oh, come on.
No one would Johnny G's pizza.
Not us before your time.
I close way back to Zeta.
Right.
Johnny G.
He's the fastest every now and occasionally still out there.
That's the kind of people we need to hear from on our, uh, that thing on my space place.
Yeah, I'm looking at Rosie right now.
And I bet you are.
I wonder if there's anybody I'm looking at.
No, not yet.
Although I looked at the, uh, there was somebody on there.
Well, let me look at him.
There's Jay who's like got a fat face like me and not as old though.
What are you laughing about?
Oh, there's Matthias.
And you know what?
See what Matthias' comment is?
Yeah.
Nice Matthias.
I wonder if he's akin to Matthias Nordstrom, a hockey player.
Well, there's, uh, what's his name?
Sammy Walito.
Sam Walito?
Oh, no.
Isn't that cute?
That's very cute.
Yeah, this would give us something extra to do.
We'd all these comments from our five friends.
How many we got?
Well, let me ask, I see.
In other words, just the ones that send the pictures that are ones that are like, uh,
no, anybody can send a comment.
The thing is, like, to be, like, you have to have an account to be a friend.
You know, you got a nice space set one up.
I mean, it's free.
Oh, 116.
Excuse me, 116.
I'm exaggerating.
I said, 119.
We have only 116 friends.
We feel really, really bad about that.
Don't you feel bad?
No, not really.
We just got to go.
116 friends.
I've discovered that sometimes one of them
is enough, depending on, you know, the time and the circumstances.
26 past one at five, 60 WQA.
Well, I tell you one thing, you know, when you're not doing these shows very often,
it seems like, what, 40, 50 hours ago we sat down here?
Holy cow rat.
Man, man.
Just mark it down.
That today I'm complaining about being overworked during these summer months.
Just mark that down and see what kind of response you get around the building.
That would probably be.
Probably be giving you the Italian salute and several other.
Right away, Brazil beat out the Agonna Ria team.
I think it was three in the old for Brazil.
All your world cupers out there.
How long does that go on?
My God, it just goes on and on for like ever.
And they have all these, they have some of the games in cities in Germany
that I've ever heard of before.
Although I think I'd like to check them all out.
All the cities in Germany, especially going back to Berlin and Cologne.
If you're a cigar smoker, you like to keep back with the good premium brand.
And the he is cigars by Tony Brahani is for you.
These are hard to find.
Stogies are made with first grade tobacco processed and aged up to 10 years.
Now, but here, like I've been telling you for a long time,
is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But here, gold a flagship line gets the 91 rating by cigar,
Fisting Outro's cigar and cider.
And the 9.1 rating by Schmoke Magazine.
This rich flavor and well balanced full-bodied Nicaragua and cigar.
See? It's like Stand Major.
It's got earthy, hint-to-dark roast coffee, chuffles, pice and pepper flavors.
Also, be sure to try to be here to sail.
The hottest release of cigar in the last 10 months,
the sail gets a high rating of 91 by cigar, Fisting Outro's cigar and cider.
It's a big, powerful cigar and will make you gag and choke like I just did
with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper.
Now, finish is long and full-bodied,
with additional spice and an odor of charred wood.
To receive 40%, you want to say almost half the price of all your beehive cigars.
When you call an order, I'm just telling you the arrived you're told to do call.
And you'll say 40%, nearly half.
Call 1 835 beehive.
That's 1 835 BAHI.
And this is Neil Rogers.
What solid mix is 516 QA cells?
Grab my junior, honey.
This was the moment you dreaded the most.
A miracle voted in guess what you lost.
Secret told me you can no longer stay.
You fall ahead nothing nice to stay.
And then they put your montage on.
Your musical career has gone aground.
And you've been neutered by the dog pound.
Gotta sing a song before you go away.
Say one no one's like yesterday.
It is the reason that you're gone.
Cause you sang a bad song.
You wore a bad shirt, so I'm a tagger word.
You said you'll be fun.
You still be a star.
But I'm not from now, you'll be parking cars.
You sang a bad song.
You know you still see.
You've 15 minutes.
You sang a bad song.
You sang a bad song.
130 at 560 WQM got something breathtaking.
Earth shocking coming over my thing right now.
Yeah.
I'm just printing it out.
Oh, okay.
Remember that story we had earlier about Russian is Viagra?
The TV?
Bar.
Reich's limbalt could see a deal with prosecutors
in a long-running prescription fraud case collapsed.
After a 30-sought abodal of Vagrin is bagged
Palmits International Report, the prescription was not in his name.
Limp ball was detained for more than three hours yesterday
at the airport after returning from a vacation
in La Republic of Dminikana.
Customs officials found the Vagrin as lucky as his name
was not in the prescriptions at Paul Miller.
A spokesman for the Palmits County Sheriff's Orifice.
Miller said the alleged violation could be a second
to be Mr. Meener, the sheriff's office was investigating
and will soon turn the case over to the State Attorney's Orifice,
which had no media comment today.
Under the deal reached last month with prosecutors,
Limbalt was not to be arrested for any infraction for 18 months
in exchange for authorities deferring a charge of doctor shopping.
Prosecutors had alleged a conservative talk show host illegally
deceived multiple physicians to receive overlapping
painkiller prescriptions.
Absolutely.
Limbalt also must submit to random drug tests and continue
treatment for his admitted addiction to painkillers.
Limbalt's doctor had prescribed the Vagrin,
but was labeled as being issued to the physician rather than Mr. Limbalt
for privacy purposes, Roy Black, Limbalt's attorney,
sent the statement.
Right.
For privacy purposes.
If you get the vibe where everybody in the world
knew you can find out, but if Russia needs it,
then we don't want to say that.
That would be bad for his images.
This macho right wing piece of dirt, you know what I'm saying?
U.S. Customs and Border Protection Exam
of the 55-year-old radio commentators
luggage after his private plane landed the ever-oys private plane
excuse me.
Reef.
Investigators confiscated the drugs which treat erectile dysfunction.
Limbalt was released without being charged.
He didn't get his charge.
And there were no two happy about it.
How do you like that?
So he may be a screw up as other deal.
Wouldn't that be a shame, huh?
Yeah, that would be bad.
Tray Trasheek.
Yeah.
Well, look at what we got on the pool.
11-11.
First time I think in history.
What do I tell you?
I may not be doing a lot of shows this summer, but boy,
they're going to be record breaking and earth shocking
and news making.
That will be on the front page of the Sunset Lamar.
A special time jicker report.
1111 votes on the pool.
It's not even 135 yet.
What do you think?
I'm not sure.
I still have issues with the Sunset, by the way.
Would they have the website?
It sucks.
1111 votes.
What's your take on the World Cup?
Soccer is so boring.
Oh, amen.
4 to 13.
Moderately interested, 296.
I love it.
Watching it on TV, 224.
What's the World Cup, 82?
As boring as watching any other sport, 62.
And I hate this pool, Tranky Quattro, 34.
What I call it?
I got a right.
Close it up.
Yeah.
Well, I start with the Spanish and the Italian and the Japanese.
And I start over to that.
It's very different.
Now, this thing about Anita Marx.
What you're assignment for tomorrow morning early is to beat the crap out of the beast.
Stick them with the Red Hot Poker.
It should be easy to find.
God.
Who, do you have any idea who that is Anita Marx?
She was on like something like called Make Believe.
I think she was on that 1,400 thing.
Yeah.
And this goes back to that sports fraternity there again inside of the building.
We don't care about Anita Marx.
We care a lot more about Groucho Marx and Harpo and Zepo and Chico.
Chico, we don't care about Anita Marx.
She don't get no high marks from us.
And nobody has any idea who that is.
All I heard that she was in playboy looked up her pictures.
And I don't know if they make brown bags big enough to cover that nose.
Really?
Yeah.
So like I said, why would we care about Anita Marx, Bisto?
Other than Harpo.
I mean, assuming you did find a bag big enough, she got a pretty nice bag.
Oh.
Right.
In other words, she's in the TV.
She had to be in the TV business.
She's got a fine set.
Is that what you're saying?
She's got a butter face.
Everything's nice.
Butter face.
Can you believe it's really not...
Parkay.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Tuchet Parkay.
But whatever happened in those spots, those were good spots.
Butter.
They were.
They were.
They know it's a great spot that was about 100 years ago for you, punk stuff.
I haven't seen those in a long time.
Those were good.
I'm taking you.
Yeah.
Oh, in this spot, you know what they were talking about?
In Argentina and in Brazil.
Well, it's so different than Dave County.
You know what they watch all day long on the TV?
I give up.
No, you don't.
So far.
Right.
All day.
Oh, yeah.
Now, these are those same, of course, I don't want to say much of guys in Brazil because I think
that would be getting carried away.
Much of ladies in Brazil.
But, yeah, the Latinos are very, very, and also in a spiny manner.
Very big on those, what do you know, Venezuela?
Seat.
Well, they're huge.
You know, we're pretty big on them here in the studio too.
Yeah, and they have it for different reasons.
Yeah.
Perverts.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got Kim Bo-Kamp, we're two mad dog at four.
He'll tell you all about that very Jackass column from Friday.
See, how come we have very Jackass put in the paper and they say, well, it's not definite
and we don't know when and since Mo got blown out and whatever, very sad.
See, the one thing, maybe the man, maybe the name of the manager has changed, but they're still
programming the station through the very Jackass column in the Harold.
Didn't work before and could have worked now.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, you look like you're still righteous.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're not going to believe it, but when I got into the car, you were mentioning that I need a
Mark's person.
Yeah.
I know who that is.
Do you want to know who that is?
I just got to tell you who it is.
Oh, you did say it was a lady quarterback for the Miami football team, the lady.
Miami theory.
Right, right.
Okay.
Now, another thing, Neil.
But nobody cares about her.
I don't understand who knows who that is.
And in these ways, all my face papers sending me a big story about how she's in Baltimore
and nobody cares there either.
Now, another thing, you mentioned Tony Sigerado is going to fill in, right?
Thursday morning for the hump of his.
What show or actually what station was it when they had Shappy Goldstein and the engine killer,
I forgot what his name was, the forest, right?
Deepo.
Yeah.
Was that Q-I-M or was that I-O-D?
No, that was Q-A-M.
That was Q-A-M.
That was Q-A-M, but they were still called the first team, correct?
The worst team, you know.
Yeah, the worst team.
Well, that's all before our time.
That's way, way back.
That's a lot of stuff.
I can't believe you said Shappy makes me feel really crappy.
You should feel, but it's a long time.
It's all long I've been listening to you, Neil.
Yeah.
All right, buddy.
Take care.
Thanks, Pally.
Yeah.
Did you understand the last thing when he said that's how long I've been listening to what does that kind of thing?
So I didn't hear it.
Well, why not?
I was a-
Are you starting to act crappy because you said Shappy?
I was checking the website to see if I could put that link up there.
Steve Shapiro, he's pretty weak.
Is he still around?
Is Steve Shapiro?
Yeah.
Is he Shapiro?
Who?
Sports guy, sports nerd, very weak.
So during the break?
Yeah.
Something you don't often do.
Look under the poll on the website.
Yes.
And there it is.
Oh, the link?
Well, why can't I do it right now?
Oh, you could do it right now.
You think I'm so kind of a slow poke like that.
My computer skills would astonish you.
Neil's my friend.
Very fine.
Right above there.
What would Jesus do?
He'd probably say, I'm a friend and it says this page cannot be found.
We are adding Jesus to our friends list.
No, no, I just click Neil's My Space and says this page cannot be found.
Uh-oh.
So Eric, it's a work in progress, I guess.
It's the link.
The link is going up, but it's not linked to anything yet.
That's weird because it's just, um, does it work for you?
No, but it should because that's the site.
In other words, it does work for me and it doesn't work for you.
Therefore, it's still Eric can't finish yet, okay?
It says this page cannot be found.
We've all seen that.
How many million times have we said that?
I don't know.
I don't think it's an Eric thing.
WJD, what would you say?
That's just fine.
There was always a, uh, and there's the one that says A-hole.
There you go.
You know, we know what that was all about and I again, I apologize, it's above Al Gore's picture.
Sorry, Al, although, when you come right down, let's see, Neil's My Space.
I click it again.
This page cannot be found.
I know, but the correct address comes up.
So I think it's a problem with My Space.
Maybe it's being flooded or being updated.
Oh, yeah, we're flooding My Space right.
Uh-huh.
Well, you are, you talk about it in particular.
What about me?
116 friends.
116 friends.
There's so many millions of people.
Don't just think I know that.
We still got 116 friends.
We're pumping the crap out of this, man.
And we still got 116 old bean?
Holy cow, we got a lot of work to do.
We got 1129 posts, but out of those, only 16 are friends.
Well, people are going to look at it.
People?
Yes.
What did he just say?
That's what he said.
He said something about peaking through.
Oh, now let's see.
Can we, I guess we can't play that one anymore, either.
Peeping through, I like that bit.
My Space, I just click the thing and Neil's My Space cannot be found.
Nice going, Eric.
You, the man.
So you're saying it's not his fault?
No.
I say.
Because I just try going there the conventional way.
But I just did too.
I have no problem.
I went right through it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's in my URLs.
I just clicked on it and went right there.
How do you think I'd always still have only 116 old bean?
And then I went back to our thing and 116 for the Queen.
And I clicked on Erics, Neil's My Space.
Nothing.
Can't be found, baby.
We're looking for it.
We can't find it.
Anyway, 19-2, all you people out there.
I have no life.
Just start looking for it.
Maybe you'll find it.
I doubt it.
Keep looking.
If you have a business need to get customers away from the competition, here's the perfect
business partner for you.
Pub-set printing and design.
Pub-set can design and print everything in your arsenal.
Just look at the display booth they made of it on our website.
And you can find that it's way down to the bottom of the page.
And you look at it and say, holy crap.
Or, see even more of their phenomenal work at Pub-setSF.com on their website.
Pub-set can print everything you need from business cards to banners.
Pub-set is to their specialty, trade show booths and displays.
Pub-set design and printing, they're very best for over 14 years.
And Pub-set can handle it all in-house.
Column at 9.5.4.
7.7.272.75.
That's 9.5.4.
7.7.272.75.
Betty, at C for yourself at Pub-setSF.com.
Look, you're besting to get those new customers.
It's your business and it's Pub-set's business to make you look great.
And they do.
Column 9.5.4.772.75.
Or go to Pub-setSF.com.
Look for my gross picture on there building on Dixie Highway.
Just north of commercial.
Choose the very best Pub-set printing and design.
Column, and tell me, old muffed for you to call 9.5.4.772.7275.
This is Neil Rogers.
5.5.
This is 5.6.2.8.
The best.
Absolutely.
It's been rough on my internship at your ratings and diet and how?
Well, I don't assure you what a big ass said I was till you're here and how.
You're good to find somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants.
Are you lazy?
Very no, cheers.
I love it being coming back.
I'm trying to consider a little bit more than the Comter-Edge.
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitter to the ground.
That's easy.
Sure.
All you need is snow.
Go into the fire.
All you need is snow.
Go into the fire.
All you need is a shower.
Go through.
Go through.
I think there are three flashlights on the computer.
You're not using my brain.
Right there.
My ratings that bottom-down in this game.
It's radio have the remote.
Go up to the J. and number one.
And, we get...
All you need is snow.
Now we can hear it.
All you need is snow.
Go through.
All you need is a shower.
Go through.
Oh
Don't want to step on that thing
146 14-02 man-oh-man the end isn't side today and of course George will be back tomorrow
I'll be back on Thursday and then I'll be on somebody not too soon
1138 votes too bad about that fourth of July and really too bad about that Marligny next Thursday, huh?
Don't you think out of field, Billy? No
Tucson, Arizona an empty casket with a military seal discovered in the desert was discarded by a mortuary after the deceased family
He requested that the body be exhumed and cremated authority said
Deputies were called to the desert area near i10 Saturday
After two people playing paintball found the casket which was metallic silver with the S-Armory City on it
forensic investigators then took DNA samples begin efforts to try to find where the casket came from
mortuary employees contacted the authorities yesterday or Sunday after seeing news accounts about the discovery
Why does today seem like Monday to me because it's the first day you're working?
Yeah, and that seems just like Monday
No information was given on who had been buried in the casket if this could have casket who'd house in that casket
One thing we do know that finding at least it puts the lotion in the casket
Deputy Don Barkman a spokeswoman for the Pima County Sheriff's Office said the casket was taken to a landfill after the body was exhumed
in late May someone took it from the landfill and then just dumped it
We wouldn't have to be bad. Why do people get so
Agus on wiki?
It's so wiki about the whole
Retreating people's bodies and all that I just understand that
Well should be dignity for the death. Well, how much dignity is there for like a stiff? You know when you come right down to it?
Right. I guess they don't want it to happen to them. Why? I don't know
That's why you got to get cremated right away. Why do I think my fat body and burn it baby burn baby?
Why not what a grease fire that'll make oh man. Can you imagine all the great stakes you can cook on that?
It burns
I just I think it goes back to the whole concept of not not accepting death, you know, right?
Right. I mean go and dig up a casket so some stiff from like George Washington
Okay, I'm sure that's somewhere you'll find his it's casket right? I'm sure and
Dig it up. What are you going to find in there? I don't know like for example
You saw the old many original one with Gregory Schmeck. Mm-hmm
And you remember how he and the the photographer the freaked out photographer how they went to Italy right and they went to that
Well, what do they call that place not a rectory but the place where all those dying priests are those
You know always like a hospice or something like that a hospice for priests and then he gave him the directions to go to where to
Find the the caskets his his deceased son, right? It turns out was a was an animal. Remember that that's right
And it was nothing but skin and bones in there now. Not to forget the skin just bones, right?
But this could a task it there's a there's a skeleton in your casket and we just just so I don't know
I just don't understand why people get so I mean that's it. You're born and you die and and uh, yeah, that's it
That's the end. Oh no the soul goes to heaven and they're looking down on this right now
No, they're not they're looking at us with what what were their eyes? How do you look with no eyes with no brain?
And of course, that's the kind of people that believe this crap no brain and that's why they're still living
So they'll be right at home in death. You know what I'm saying right? It'll fit right in with God's game plan
Look at that Gilbert raised enough mind to build an entire village
What does that mean or is that Gilbert? Still guilty being at home and I have enough or better than you
Clearly the last thing. Oh Village for the poor and Jamaica is called Barbara's Village. Oh, I see
These are like small-time warren buffets little people who made a difference or saving some desperate people
I'll tell you one thing that be two of the last places that I would send to spend money to save people would be
Jamaica and Sri Lanka kind of rhymes don't it?
Kind of those will be two of the very last places I'd send a dime to with all the respect here
Jamaican friends and dealers only have a friend and he ain't no dealer well
So what do you need him for that? I don't he moved to here get rid of man. He's too much excess baggage
He got rid of himself. Was that it was that the dead one? No, no
He just he moved to Houston. He might as well be dead. Oh, I thought maybe that was the fat one
No, no that that one was probably I don't think there's a lot of fat
Jamaicans are there? I don't think I've ever seen any fat Jamaicans. I'll check and that kind of strange
When you're smoking all of that good weed and it gives you that big appetite all the time now that you mentioned that all about
Huh? Maybe they're spending all their money and we can't afford no talent. That's our thing
Let's find one of our friends on that my my space of way when you get that thing straight nut
Let's find a fat Jamaican listener when that be great
Okay, me or female or something that we're not really too sure what they are
I'm gonna try clicking that thing again because I can't believe that Eric threw up that bad, you know
He's usually pretty good with his stuff. He's a fixinist. Yeah, pretty stupid. What the problem is and we're fizzinist and there it is
See I'm look I know that this man can get the job done believe me
In between feedings there ain't nobody like it. So there it is. You just click on I think now
We're gonna find some friends. Okay. That's the way to do it right there
Under these it under the pool. Let me take a look. Yeah right under the pool. Niels by space click on that baby
And it takes it all whole new place baby my space our place
And we got all like godfather stuff on air wouldn't surprise me if you click in the right place
You'll get like some godfather drop-ins
That'll bring your bloody brains all over you nice side makes suit like that one, huh? Right?
Would never good when for all kinds of nifty stuff on there and then see there's the picture of you looking like you
Although I've said you the only thing
With all the respect to me. Yeah, I'll do the fine job on this but the picture on the right
Where's my picture in the middle of the queue? Yeah, my mouth has been doctored there
You know, I'm saying that the whole picture that's an airbrush rendition that does that's that Bob from excitement did of you
What do you mean by that? That's a painting of you
No, it's not okay. No, that picture is from one of the old
QM cards and telling right the old QS cards that Bob from excitement took and made an airbrush painting of you
He made a painting of me. That's a painting. You want to believe me? My lips big. He's probably seen them
Look, I had a stroke you have I think of it. I don't want to like poo poo his work there, but just like Joyce was saying poo poo poo
You know, I'll see
Oh
Oh, man, I think I just spelled it
That's just kind of a fun thing, you know, for us to play with this summer
Absolutely correct sir for those people who don't have too much to do I have no life
Hey, if you love the finer things in life than you love Stokeys
It's my misquit essential cigar shop in Kindle with South Florida's largest selection cigar
Stokeys of Kindle is sure to have all your favorites
Stokeys got over a thousand open boxes of cigars to choose from including all the top brands that you know and love and covet like arturo
Fuente Padrone
Maddie Krister Romeo and Juliette and so many more including a large selection of premium cigars to close out prices as well as the obscure and hard to find brands
Come into Stokeys today enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the world
And be sure to join Stokeys every Friday for their wine tasting from five until eight in the PM
featuring some of the most delicious Bordeaux that Francis got to offer
You'll find Stokeys in one sixteen twelve north Kindle Drive. They're open every day seven days a week
You can call Stokeys to reserve a box of your favorite cigars
305
598
9820 when you stop in say hi to Mary when the girls Sandra and Yanny and get a free cigar today just for mentioning my name and stuff and buy
That's Stokeys in Kindle one sixteen twelve north Kindle Drive
305
598
9820
This is Neil Roger
This is five sixteen two eight
wow
Whaddaaa
chemical W
a year
B
Free lounge
Do
Therese and playful Comes on
perğlu
Role
of big city and old and that's where the bees these had to go for Goli Rylee Joe.
On the new jam, he'll do what he can.
Get your hand like a friend, then quickly walk the way,
yes they had Joe's, go to five six oh with ratings
and the toilet mold to get those flaming sport cold moes in order and control.
And then so Goli Rylee Joe, a bunch of you learn in the low even smoke,
go and here's what blows his Goli his own show.
He'll make a big change and read a rain.
It's worse on the sand, he hasn't done a thing for what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue, bout a four,
not medicine to leave blows for all radio.
The GM of five six oh, Goli Rylee Joe.
Bye bye!
