What are you gonna do about it? You fairy!
Clarence Darrow should rot in hell.
What now?
He's just a jackass. I'm finding out more things every single day.
Ah, what's the list?
He and Joyce are just an impediment to this show or my show and our success.
He's an idiot.
If anybody thinks I'm gonna spend the next two and a half years of my life working for some punk sports nerd, they're dreaming.
Crazy person.
I mean, you guys, the sports show is all I got like three or four people working with you guys on your shows.
And they continue trying to prove that I only need one person with me to work this show.
They're crazy people.
And he should rot in hell.
There's a special place in hell for Clarence Darrow.
To try and take somebody away from you?
No, no, I'd say, well, they've had been trying to do that for a long time.
They've been trying to prove that we don't need three people to do this show.
All the sports shows, even your buddy, the big rock solid.
Oh!
Even he wants two people now is what I'm hearing.
And they both have to speak Spanish, by the way, fluently.
That's five o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
That's what's going on in your place and your world.
I heard about that one.
Just be real happy when you're sitting in Vegas, man.
Just be real happy when you get away from these people.
Kiss the ground.
Kiss the microphone.
Kiss the slot machine.
So what else?
That's not enough to get you going?
I don't know for you.
I guess it's not a bulletin.
You know, I'm off for the next three days.
I'm going to put this place behind me for three days.
Oh, me too.
Just not even think about it.
Yeah.
It's a good idea. That's what I always do.
Yeah.
So when is your first vacay?
When do you leave now?
Is it three weeks or two weeks?
Three weeks from today.
Okay.
Then I come back two days a week, till after a week after a labor day.
So life is good.
Oh, listen.
Outside of this place, life is great.
Outside of a couple of tough machines, mine, but I can get over that.
I'm not going to ask you where you're going, because I know you won't say.
I'm here there.
When you leave for the summer.
I told you I'm going to Berlin for a week.
Yeah, I know that.
How many different places are you going to visit this summer?
I'm not. I'm coming back here.
I'm going to be there for a few couple of days, of course, down there,
just to keep everything legal.
I'm thinking what I'm going to do is probably rent me a PO box in Niagara Falls, New York.
Why not?
I mean, I'd go instead of coming out of Florida every three or four months for a few days.
Yeah.
Just going to be a PO box, as long as I have a USRS, I could just go across the border,
get my passport stamped, and stay a weekend or something, and come right back.
I get another 180 days.
That's the way it works here.
I have to renew my driver's license this year.
Well, don't worry about it.
Let me tell you how that works, okay?
Yeah.
Well, that's right.
Get somebody there in the station to do it for you.
Go online and do it.
That's what I did.
Yeah. I had the sticker.
You know, the blue sticker they put on the back of you.
I want of those?
Yeah.
Well, you'll get another one for six years in a mail if you do it online.
Well, it's your 15 bucks, and in 15 bucks, go online.
You could be deaf, dumb, blind, armless, legless, and in fact, I got a story about it.
Armless kind of was driving.
I'll get to later.
But, and they don't care.
In fact, the picture on your driver's license in Florida, you could be 80 years old,
and your picture was like when you were a teenager.
Like, you know, bitch worries.
You ever notice how you, when you run pictures of people who pass on?
Yeah. They were like 30.
Yeah.
They used their, their high school graduation picture.
And then you look and see how old they were 97.
Yeah.
But it's true.
Don't worry about your new license.
Just, they don't care.
Give you a vision test.
They don't give you anything.
They don't even know if you're alive.
If you have eyes.
I like a new cargo election.
Yeah. That's right.
Or, for that matter, am I any of you?
Right. Same crap.
So just have one of the computer, it takes about two minutes.
That's all.
Okay.
You just put your, in fact, you get your old license out.
You put the number in there.
Whatever your license number is.
And they get to form the fill out.
And you send a check in for the 15 bar.
In fact, you don't even have to send a check in.
You do that right on the line.
Just take your credit card.
And you'll have it within less than a week.
Guaranteed.
Sounds good.
I'm telling you.
All right.
Six more years, man.
Like when I use the ID here, like at the woodbind,
if I were after it, when I catch you my points,
at the, uh, winner, the loser circle.
And, uh, rather than slumping my passport with me all the time,
I shouldn't want to take it and lose it there.
A woodbind. God forbid.
So, you know, I use my driver's license.
And they look on the, they're looking at front first.
I'll say, oh, no, the renewal dates on the back.
And I always, I always enjoy explaining to them that in Florida,
you get a, like a renewal in the mail for six years.
And they look at me like, what?
And I said, that's the Florida FN Way, man.
It's the way we do it.
They shake their head like holy crap.
You are.
Governor is not going to be the commissioner of the National Football.
Oh, geez. I'm thinking he ought to start tomorrow.
It would be good.
Give him the hell out of Tallahassee anyway.
That story was so bogus.
Yeah.
Just three nerds from a newspaper.
Was it bogus is Joe Bell?
I don't think anything has been at bogus.
He's not going to be football commissioner.
Oh, Joe Bell?
That's dirt bell.
No, Joe Bell ought to be the football commissioner.
Give him the hell out of there.
They already had a bell.
Did you get the memo?
What memo?
About to 4,000 new people we have on staff.
No, I didn't see that.
Oh, you've got to get this memo from Joe Bell.
New hires.
I think what it's going to be is they're going to, the new philosophy.
We're going to have like 7,000 sales people.
And each one of them is going to go out and sell ten bucks a week.
Yeah, dollar a holler.
And also on the list of all these new people of which I never heard of any of these people.
The only one I heard of, Evan Cohen.
Now wait until you hear this line.
Evan is doing some weekend work for Josh.
You may be aware of Evan who as he is the PM drive host on ESPN radio, 760 in the Palm Ages.
He's doing some weekend work for Josh in all my life and my 80 years in his business.
I never heard a general manager describe someone on the air staff is doing work for the program director.
Did you?
In other words, Josh has the keys to the kingdom.
Josh Dero, not to be confused with our Josh.
He really has keys to his car.
Oh, I'm getting the memo now.
In that line?
Welcome.
This is the same Clarence Dero that says that we don't need more than two people to do this show.
You know, you should rotten hell, Clarence, and don't ever think about calling here again.
You'll hear a dial tone so freaking fast.
See, his claim to fame is that my paycheck shows up on time, which he did yesterday.
Big deal.
Okay, like I'm going to give him a gold start.
A purple jelly bean for that that they finally got to get around to get my paycheck showing up on time.
Big Simmons, man.
Congratulations.
What a loser.
That's the, I'm telling you right now.
In fact, how much how much you want to put in?
I'll split whatever cost for a hitman.
Take him out this weekend.
Now, I'm sorry.
We have another part time guy who was on Zeta or was on Zeta.
No, he's, is he, he's what is he?
Is he an air person?
Oh, I see.
Is he a part time worker?
Who the hell that is?
He was the P.P.
He was the P.D.
Morning guy.
He was the P.D. on Zeta.
None of us ever heard of P.D.
And that's because nobody listens to Zeta.
I don't know who that is.
Lee Feldman.
Slash Daniels.
Oh, well, God forbid we have another guy named Feldman on the stage.
I don't have enough Jews on here already.
So it's got to be Lee Daniels.
A.K.A. the P.D.
He was the P.D. Morning guy for 99 X and 4 Myers.
Worked at 98 Rock and Tampa.
Most recently was P.D. on Zeta.
And I guess he fled from there and came over here.
Lee Feldman.
And by the way, Gary Sarners in A.H.O. too, I just saw a mission at.
I'm really just nauseous.
He comes in this morning.
Every single thing he gets involved with is a scam.
Everything.
He just doesn't go out and sell.
You know, like an account and then we do spots or whatever.
Now, everything with him has got some kind of a scam in it.
Oh, you're going to get 80,000 mentions on WDQAM
and everybody's going to be reading all these promos.
And he's everything he gets involved in, man.
Although he does walk around with a big bright smile on his face.
Oh, that jerk.
Seriously, it's just, we have reached a point now.
Well, whatever the word crisis is, a thousand times whatever that means.
In other words, that pales into what significance.
We're so far beyond that.
And then the word yesterday is the reason nobody could find Joe Claribel
was he was at lunch, waiting near this, with Bruce Beasley and Clarins.
How'd you like to have been a fly on a wall in that lunch?
Or a flea on the wall.
Or a flea on the wall would be good.
Or a flea in their pants.
Oh, my God.
A flea gentleman.
Well, let me ask you something.
When has this lead felt been on here?
Does anybody know?
I don't know that he's on the year.
I don't know what does it say what he does.
He's doing some part-time work.
What is he doing?
Clean enough?
I don't know.
Part-time work.
He had to put the studio back together again after they put like those
you and baseball games on like yesterday.
And by the way, Clarins, I hate to break the news to you.
George doesn't make that stuff up.
Okay, for eight years this has been going on.
Every time they use our studios, they horrid out to pull on those extra games on
and farm it up to KAT or somewhere.
They come in here and they turn our whole place upside down.
All the settings are screwed up.
It takes us the first half hour and a morning before we can even talk to each other.
You jackass, Clarins.
See, this is the worst guy like Heath Obertman says in MSNBC.
You know, the worst person in the world.
That's the worst person in the world in our general mangroves turn the keys to the
kingdom over to this jackass.
This quizzling.
You're fair.
Yeah, him.
What an idiot.
And you invented him.
That's the thing.
I don't want to get all bent out of shape about you, but you're the guy who invented him.
You're like Dr. Frankenstein.
You invented this monster and now he's just been turned loose and he's wreaking havoc on the entire place.
I invented a lot of guys.
Oh, yeah.
You invented two gods and look what we got from that.
Now he's across the street doing anything you can to harm us.
Just like Joel Feinberg said.
What a jerk.
They'll do anything in the world or hurt us like a child.
You know, like an overgoing child whose entire life is based on his daddy's money.
By the way, nice book there, Joel.
Most of your numbers start with a...
You know, you're not going to be able to put your audience into a teacup and have room for the Chinese army.
He's an ass left over in there.
Joel.
But they got that nice little spike there from the dolphins, you know.
They lost three and a half million dollars on last year.
In fact, what was that line?
He said that story about how he's the only guy that could lose 18 million dollars on a station that previously made money.
Wasn't it something like that?
Yeah.
How about a smile?
He's proud.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Make daddy proud, Joel.
Proud that his son is such a jackass.
Put Jimmy Cifilis on there to do the dolphin games.
Well, that's...
You know, something Mr. Weaver, we were just talking about him yesterday.
Mr. Weaver is rolling over and his grave.
He's hearing that little pansy Jimmy Cifilis doing the dolphin games.
Shrieking like a little girl.
And I don't know how long this Ricky drama is going to go on here.
Man, every day I keep looking to see if that...
Well, they're still talking, but it moved, but it moved, but it moved up.
And you know, the...
The Argo is already in the camp.
Oh, yeah, their season starts pretty soon.
Yeah, I think June 15 or something like that.
And nobody cares here.
I mean, if you could...
The level of interest in the Canadian football league on a scale of minus infinity...
Well, don't tell me to heat...
Lost last night, 92 to 88, that must have dreamed that.
They made a heck of a run there at the end.
I was getting a little bit nervous.
I thought they might pull that baby out there.
Way to hell, though.
Hey, covered.
One thing about basketball, boy, especially the NBA, but college as well.
The last two minutes of the game takes 40 minutes.
That's true.
Like 75 time outs and TV time outs and...
Oh, brother.
Just a joke.
But we...
We stop the clock every time we go.
Everybody don't have...
Yeah, you really don't have to watch the game.
You just watch the last couple of minutes.
That'll take an hour.
Well, Evan is doing some weekend work for Josh.
And maybe Lee Feldman Daniels, a free Feldman is doing...
It makes him sound like he's doing yard work.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.
In fact, that's what George said, his voice said, yeah, he's mowing his lawn.
I mean, that memo is not exactly a monument to memo writing.
In other words, it's not a memo to sell a management.
Is that what you're trying to say?
It's kind of weird.
Oh, weird.
God.
All these bazaar, all these sales...
Well, I mean, we got...
How many sales people do we have now?
About 30 men.
I never worked in a place.
It's like a boiler room, man.
They're all sitting back there on their phone, going through the phone book.
You want to buy a couple of spots, dollar or a holler?
I don't understand what's going on.
And you see, and I know this is a really radical concept.
I want you to listen to what I'm going to make a suggestion here.
And then you see what you think of it.
See, if I were calling the shots, what I would do is I get the programming straightened out
and make sure that we have a regular lineup on every day and people know who's going to be on...
I put the best possible lineup.
Then I'd hire people to go out and sell the product.
So you understand?
It's like an inventor.
First, you invent the product and then you hire people to go out and promote it or sell it or do with something with it.
Does that make any sense too much sense?
Well, there was a sales problem here.
No.
No.
But the interesting part of it is most of the people who are the biggest part of that problem are still there.
That's the sad part.
In addition to all these other people, I'm going to read that memo on you.
It'll take us up to about 130 this afternoon.
I'm so aggravated now.
I might just go out somewhere this year.
I don't want to say where.
I might run in the other room now, call my cab guy and say, come pick me up later.
I'm just...
You know what I'm saying?
You ever get that feeling where you just want to go and punch your gut sound just to get out of your system?
Yes, sure.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
That's how I feel right now.
Look who you're talking to.
What a question to ask me.
Yeah, I know, but I just wanted to get you to say it.
Well, who knows?
I mean, you know, you're in a different kind of gambling.
You're that horse in a round crap.
That was always my favorite line.
Are we alive in a horse race?
You know, seriously, are we alive?
To share how naive I was when I was a kid going to the track the first time?
Yeah.
Are we alive?
I said, what does that mean?
In other words, is the horse you're betting on trying to win you more on?
Oh, are we alive?
And then as you're tearing up the ticket, you're thinking, no, we're not alive.
But all we've got.
Kind of like us here at QAM.
No, we used to be alive, but now we're D-E-D.
Clarets, I hope you're right, man.
I hope that the bird of paradise takes a huge wild diarrhea on your desk.
You idiot.
You quizzling.
You're fair.
God.
I'm hearing more and more stuff every minute of every day.
And he's just in denial, you know, because after all, what does our show have to do with sports?
He's going to be the reason I'm going to be making an early exit.
When's your deal done?
One year from the end.
One year from December.
Me too.
No, you have more than that.
No, no, no.
I'm looking at early retirement now.
I want out.
O-U-T.
Out.
I'm not really thinking about it.
I have 428 days in a wake-up.
That's how we used to count down on the army.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
But 48 days in a wake-up.
It was like jail.
And you weren't really able to access on the wall.
Well, the good thing is Monday we won't be on.
Now this year, we're at least trying to put our best foot forward.
We got George and Josh are going to record us going to be there for two hours anyway.
But then we said, OK, go ahead and put the big go on there.
Mr. Ego, Mr. Spanish Ego.
Rock solid.
I'm going to say ego and Spanish, George.
I think it's ego.
Ego.
Is it really?
It's a little bit rotten, so it should be the same.
Get out of here.
I'm leaving.
I'll look it up.
I think I'm going to look it up.
Did you ask how you say ego and Spanish?
Yeah.
Orlando.
Oh, an excellent.
Rock solid.
So we gave him those two hours so we could go out here and do his parents'
from cardio from noon to four, from noon till midnight.
And they were going to do the whole show in Esponul.
No pilot English a key.
See, I'm like start.
I'm going to put all the languages together now.
I'll be doing heavy gambling on Monday.
Good, good.
I'm going to do something today.
I'm just in the mood right now.
I'm going to make a run to the phone during our first break.
Say pick me up at two o'clock. I'll be ready. I'll be right at the door.
I'm gonna go punch my guts out. I'm gonna take a shotgun and blow up an
at machine from the other day. Just just to take out my frustration with
clearance, Darrow. Oh God, and Joe Bell and Joe Mama.
Well, I wish you lots of parallel bars. But just keep in mind, oh forget about bars,
man. Forget about bars. Five times, five times, we'll afford to. There's four
grand for you right there, man. How about three wheel of fortunes for 166 grand?
It's long. Do they haven't paid one of those since October? They're long overdue.
Come on. Cough it up out there. You grave robbers. Cough it up. You know, those
places really have a license to steal. I mean, not that I need to tell you that.
Oh God. It's unbelievable. And when you stop and think about it, all the
skimming that was going on, because I always see those shows about the mob in
Vegas, you know, on A&E. And those are always fascinating. But you see all the
money that was skimming, and they didn't need to do that because they had a
license to steal in the first place. They were making so much money, you know.
And they still were so damn greedy. And that of course is why most of them got
wound up in the slammer. Like, my green, he was skimming. Yeah, look at
Mo Green. He was giving off the top. Yeah, he's just unlucky. Just unlucky. You
don't go to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that. Let me tell you
right now. I wouldn't dare.
You know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going out with
cheerleaders. Don't ever take signs with anyone against the family again. Ever.
Well listen, have a great weekend. And plug your guts, man. Win a bundle.
All right. You're going to go do it. I'm going to in fact, I'm going to go win
enough to hire a hitman. I'll let you know on Tuesday morning how much I need to.
Maybe we can win enough to buy the radio station. Yeah, yeah. Screw it. Okay. See ya. Bye.
Bye, Karen.
Are those the hosts? God, I'm going to get. I'm going to get something
but I'm going to hire a guy with a Mack truck to run his skinny ass over.
Karen, you fair. You jackass. You idiot. You whizzling. You simple.
Why are you friends? You mean, you're not going to go? Yeah. You are the material girl.
Yeah. But I still felt like something was missing. And what was that? Something.
Britney. Britney.
I mean, it was just a friendly gift. Cool. Yeah. Who is it? Incredible.
Really? Yeah. And fun. And I don't know why people are making such a big deal about it.
You really don't? I really don't. You really don't. Hasn't anyone ever seen two girls kiss before?
Well, I think most of America has. Um, the right ahead. Really? Yeah. I'm not kidding. Okay.
Okay.
It's incredible. Yeah. It's a good thing. It's a very good thing. Yeah. Yeah.
That's the kissing death. I'm kissing him off right now. Don't ever come in there again and talk to me.
In fact, if he ever comes in there, I want to heads up on it immediately. All right.
Cause I'll get up and walk out of this room until he's gone. Remember like to was Frado. Remember that? Right.
Michael said, you know, he wanted to advance notice when he was going to come in it. Cause I'll be gone.
1017 at 560 WQM. One big, happy family. Maybe it's Friday, May 26th. What does that mean? I don't know. But we'll figure it out.
It means that Monday, I'm not going to be here. But George and Josh, see now I have to say Josh quarters every time.
Like why don't you just change your name? Why do I gotta do that? Well, cause he won't. I mean, we've heard him is clearance.
Yeah. It's all in the clearance. Okay. Just so the audience understands, cause you sure don't want to get a lump thing with a tub of crap like that with a piece of walking turd like that.
I'll say one thing, man. One thing at Q. A. M. No other station in America's got a walking turd.
If you're a cigar smoker, I'd like to kick back with a good premium brand. Like to have a big fat one in your place.
Then they hear cigars by Tony. We're honing us for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco process, aged up to 10 years.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he a gold or flagship blind gets a 91 rating by cigar, fencing out of cigar and cider and 9.1 by smoke magazine.
I'm still trying to figure out what it was. I'm very serner. So this morning, you understand what he said? He said,
but a boop, but a be. This rich flavored, well balanced, full-bodied Nicaragua and cigars got earthy,
hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors. Also, be sure to try there.
Maybe he had the sale of the hundredth of least regard last 10 months that a sale gets a high rating of 91 by
cigar, fencing out of cigar and cider. It's a big powerful cigar, man. It'll just tear your kishkis out that a
sale has complex notes of leather, earth and pepper. The finish is long and full-bodied with additional spice and noted
with charred wood. To get 40% off on all the hea cigars, tell them the ariders told you to call and call them at their
toll free number. You're going to say 40% just for mentioning my name. Call 1-800-35 by here. That's 1-800-35-BAHIA.
This is Neil Roger. This is 5.62-A-S.
God.
Aaron Sculling presents the hippas, Kim Zimba final from here. It's Kurt Swank, McCoy and Scotty in Star Trek 90210.
Dude, like I'm never going to pass my intro to Wolf's Speed Design. I'm going to plug out of the academy. How the guy out?
Dude, I'm in pre-mad, not a miracle worker. Why don't you just sit next to Spog and cheat all the hell and what not?
Thinking you can pass a test without studying, it is not logical. You 20 year, you. Star Trek 90210.
Space shits, study hall and shit. Dude, there's a her. What a day. Let's go chat her up.
Hey, Lossi, I stole some glum you'll inhale from my parents. Come on, let's talk to him.
Oh, no, you dad. I don't understand why you guys constantly try to, as you say, hook up.
What are you? K or something? No, Florence. That's suitable. My is Star Trek 90210.
Going boldly where no Star Trek franchise has gone before.
1023 and 560 WKM, just a little bit of bad news from Iraq.
Let's get it out of the way like we do every day and there is no good news.
A powerful bomb exploded today and an out to a market and a majority she had part at least bagged that.
Killing at least, killing at least nine people and wounding.
But third man, at least said. Well, I think like that is a rash prime minister expressed hope that two security posts could be filled within days.
He expressed hope. They're thinking about it. Now comes the important part.
Here comes this memo from Joe Bell to QAM staff. Ray new hires from Joe Kerabell.
This will take us till midnight. I want to welcome some new people that every QAM teams is, Joe Bell.
Obviously, Mr. Gladhand, like I said before, has nothing to do with the QM programming per se.
He's handed the keys to the kingdom to Clarence.
Speaking of Clarence, there are two or three words for Clarence.
You know what they are? I give up. Go to hell.
Anyway, it says from Joe Bell. I want to welcome some new people.
And the normal can't, by the way, was going to call me last night.
Didn't call me. I wake up this morning. I went to bed around 11, 15, 11, 30 last night.
And there was no emails from anybody. Because if they would have been there, they would have come on my blackberry.
You know, I wake up this morning. There's an email. Well, I'm home and awake now.
If you want to, I must probably put that under around midnight, you know, after you finish this scouring the neighborhood.
So useless as boobs on a pencil.
I'll tell you one thing. If there were boobs on a pencil, a lot of guys are writing it a lot more letters. I'm sure of that.
No question.
So what a joke. So I'm like out there on the limb. I'm thinking two more words.
I got those three words for clearance. I got two more words that are very, very pressing in my mind right now,
especially after the conversation with a Humbertus. Now you know what those two words are?
I give up early retirement.
Ah.
Anyway, let's welcome all these people to our QAM team. Now I'm sure the audience gets your speaking of pencil with it without the boobs on it.
Get your pencils out. And again, pencil with a bigger racer on it. Remember in school, where you stand, those?
Mm-hmm.
That's just your regular little racer.
Oh, the racer. You put it all over the regular racer.
Uh-huh.
Avie Klimo.
What?
Avie Klimo.
Says you already know Avie as he's been here for a few weeks. Do you know him?
Uh, it might have meant him, but I'm not sure.
Josh, you know Avie Klimo? Never heard of him.
Well, it says you already know him. He's been here a few weeks. Avie is a Michigan native and Michigan state alum.
Well, what we do.
Who comes to us from ESPN in New York. Avie is selling sports play by play.
So he's got nothing to do with us. Steve Sloan. Steve was a former local sales manager at 790.
The ticket. And is a 15 year plus market veteran. Never heard of him.
Steve's got a strong back run of both TV and radio sales. He'll also be working with Ray.
That's Ray Perry on the play by play side. So he's got nothing to do with us.
I did meet him.
Yeah.
And what do you say?
He said, hey, how's it going? I'm Steve.
It's a bit start.
Did he say, what's your are you with? What do you do?
No, he actually he walked in when George was in here.
So I was just sitting here and he introduced himself to me.
Yeah.
And he said, what are you doing in here?
I said, I was listening to your show in the air today.
I said, that's right.
The show when is your show on Monday.
Craig Dunnoway. Craig is a beastly veteran.
Having sold for 99 X and 4 Myers for six years.
Most recently in Virginia Beach. Craig will be joining the WQM spot team.
And Ohio native Craig was in retail man's maybe before getting into radio 10 years ago.
And I guess now that he's a QM he's getting back out of it.
Roy Sarenzki. Like Avie. Roy joins us from Michigan where he sold a Detroit for the last few years.
Makes me think about. Yeah. Roy is a radio veteran.
So for some great stations, including WABC in New York.
Roy is also selling on the spot side.
He's selling spots.
And would anybody here want to get measles?
He's selling spots. If he was a WABC, what else he'd do in this joint?
Evan Cohen. Evan is doing some weekend work for Josh.
Not for QAM, not for the Air staff, but for Josh.
Little hedge clipping.
You may be aware of Evan as he is the PM drive host in the ESPN radio 760 in the Palm beaches.
And Jim Sarty at the Sun Sentles got an Evan Cohen blow up doll.
And then finally last but not least, Lee Feldman and in parentheses Daniels.
Because certainly nobody in Fort Myers wants to be known as Lee Feldman.
You know what I mean?
Oi! Lee is also doing some part time work. Trimming the hedges.
He doesn't say for Josh, but evidently I guess.
Lee was the PD Morning Guy for 99 X and 4 Myers worked in 98 Rock in Tampa.
And most recently was Flea on Zeta.
Do you remember me welcoming our new additions?
How do you like that?
He was the PD Morning Guy in 99 X and 4 Myers.
Well, what the hell is the guy who was the PD Morning Guy in 4 Myers that had worked in 98 Rock in Tampa and was on Zeta?
What's he doing doing part time work on this station?
Huh? What time I'm scouring the schedule?
I don't see his name on him anywhere.
Have you heard him on an air or seen his name anywhere?
The Flea?
No, unless it was the guy like the little Pimp that came in here at 2 o'clock yesterday.
Yeah, and I don't know who that guy was.
I've never seen him before.
Well, what did he say?
He said he didn't have a long chain. He didn't say anything.
He had a long chain on?
Yeah. A long chain.
He just walked in there and did what?
Well, the guy that was running the game out of here yesterday at 2 o'clock.
I don't know what he was doing now.
Maybe the process of elimination there.
Maybe we have the Flea running the game and screwing up the board.
And we're adjusting all the settings.
Big hair, big chain, little body.
Welcome to all our new additions to WKYM.
I just remember one thing.
Clarence is the Eddie Christ.
This is Neil Roger.
What solid mix is 516 QAF?
For nothing.
Absolutely.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time I win blows.
In my pants, something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
Let's be cause it's zero baby.
And I cannot feel my thoughts.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
You fairy.
And my pride with parts of rules.
Welcome.
Oh my nose is about to fall.
There's a cloud every time that I thought.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might hand you dead.
My thoughts.
Let's be cause it's zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth forever.
I'm a red hot Latin lover.
You fairy.
For the first time in years to be for the first time.
Yes, I need to be for the hour.
That's because it's zero.
I'd like to throw them out.
Yeah, exactly.
10.35 to 11.
Let's look at that line up today.
That sound man on your radio.
Two to four we got guilty.
Obviously he's got the naked pictures.
We got an awful lot.
That sound on the early.
Magdog and quarterback in day before to seven three solid hours of the
Magdog today.
Mark it down.
What was rare days.
Marlins on deck seven o'clock tonight.
The Marlins host the meds tonight 735 at pp park.
Fall by the Eddie Kaplan show.
The Marlins hosting the meds.
So that three game winning streak is on a lot against the lowly cubs.
I don't think it's going to go to four.
No, me neither.
Okay.
Well, don't be so optimistic.
Early retirement.
Just keep saying that.
That sounds got such a nice ring to it.
And I'm not going to go out there like Hank was suggesting you go out there and
plunge my guts out.
Because that's a guaranteed loss.
You know, this because you get pissed off or aggravated.
Yeah, I'm going to excuse you go gambled your guts out.
Don't take your anger out on your money.
Right.
Exactly.
Why should I do that?
In addition to which I got to be watching every penny now.
Now that I got this early retirement plans starting in a couple of weeks.
Our poll from yesterday and again we want to apologize.
Mike and Melbourne came up with his poll and it really was.
It was a little bit weak.
Yeah.
I tried to take the fall for Mike.
But yeah, and he admits it was it wasn't a hostile or negative.
No, he might get a bad poll.
Excuse me, but I do believe that.
Yeah.
Anyway, we had a mascot.
It should be a fat Jew for 163.
Now what about, let's see.
Let me look at that memory again.
What about Lee Feldman?
Oh, now is he fat?
Was he just short?
I saw guy yesterday that I didn't know someone.
He looked like a flea.
Kind of, yeah.
Yeah.
Now I heard that flea has done some Saturdays already.
Here at the station.
Wait a minute.
Maybe that's a mishmash.
Craig Mish.
Possibly.
You think?
Probably, yeah.
It looks like that's what Joe Bell's gotten mine for QM now.
We're a mishmash.
We've got 17,000 people on the staff now.
So, you know, it's like shuffling the deck to see who the hell's going to be on.
Who's on first and what's on when and who's on your ass.
Let them ask.
Anyway, a fat you 463, we sure got plenty of those around.
And Amiba, or a jellyfish would have been a better answer, but Amiba is okay.
No spine, 250.
A jackass 200.
A bull because they're full of Schmidt 2-0 and 97.
I hate this full 79.
I cowardly lion 79.
I did interview Bert Law and if Salani mischievous 100 years ago.
So, I think he heard that guy from Michigan State just to try to passify me.
A hyena who sounds high pitched voice 70.
Goldfish 23 and a vampire bat for the blood sucking sales department 19.
See, I hate to break the news to Mike and Melbourne.
It's got nothing to do with blood sucking.
Our sales department had just suck period.
Although we do have those 45 new salespeople now.
We have no idea who any of them are.
Although I'm sure you know, Avi Klimo, whatever his name is.
What's his name?
Where's Avi Klimo?
What's his name?
Klimo.
Avi Klimo.
Oh, he's the Michigan State guy.
He probably lived in Bingley Hall.
I think that's a girl's dorm.
So, here's today's poll, which we got a thousand looked already.
Who best fits this?
A celebrity who became even bigger after their death.
Even people who may have been very big during their life, but became even bigger after death.
Elvis 203 is the running doubt.
He sold more records after he died than when he was alive.
That's right.
For true, 203.
James D in 194.
And we're still scratching our heads and wondering what was the big dissimist with him?
He made three movies.
He made Rebel a lot of cause, East of Eden, and Giant.
And that was it.
And his acting was wooden at best in all three movies.
And he's huge.
194.
Marilyn Monroe, 93.
2-pack, 80.
How's he doing?
Oh, speaking of that, Kurt Cobain.
They made a movie about his death, not his life, but about his death last days.
The worst movie ever made.
Oh, possibly.
Kurt Cobain 58.
But I do like the shot from the house.
Because he's moving around in there.
He's animated.
Jimmy Hendrix 50, Ronnie Reagan 40.
Class B movie actor and a Class Z president.
Buddy Holly 31, Richie Vailance 26.
La Bamba, baby.
And La Bamba Grande.
I bet you the big old is impressed here and about Richie Vailance.
Rock solid.
Anything that has to do with it.
I think the big old will open Miguel.
At least we like Miguel.
Richie Vailance 26, Lenny Bruce 21.
Jim Croci 16, offer rate.
He's good.
Jim Croci was really good.
Yes, he was.
And now it's a.
Huh?
Come on, I didn't get it.
I'm going to put that in my iPod.
Don't let me forget.
All right.
Janice Joplin 10.
And the big bopper 5.
Chantilly Lays.
I don't know if he really fits on there.
Because he only had Chantilly Lays.
I think it was his only hit.
And who the hell is?
Who do you know who ever talks about the big bopper?
Huh?
Being a big bopper is something up there in the sky.
The big dipper, the big bopper.
One chaney in our part time.
The big bopper.
One more for parents.
That's fine.
There he is.
There's a big bopper.
There's another big smash.
Put a whole bunch of music in here yesterday.
Oh, good.
Take this time.
Oh, you sweet boy.
Do I want?
So the three is doing some work for parents.
Yes, enough of the big bopper.
Okay, let's not overdo it.
Nobody knows who he is.
He's doing some work for parents.
I asked to do something to do with parents.
Right.
Don't worry.
Not really sure what it is.
Maybe we ought to call a people at Riddett and see if we can't get that bug out of
the way.
I'm sure you already found that out.
1041, 19 before 11 o'clock.
Monday, we got an award winning deal.
In fact, just let you guys off those two hours.
I sold my soul to the devil to that big O so we can go make a few extra bucks.
And we will.
He will be doing his broadcast from it.
Now, let's see.
Is it going to be Gus Machado?
It's going to be obviously some one of those kind of curdly.
So, what's the big deal?
You know what I mean?
Somebody who's got a heavy Hispanic involvement there.
At least in their name anyway.
Because the big ol' be doing the show in Esponial from noon to four on Monday.
That's a part of the new format.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-S.
So, you forgot to mention we got two bad pieces of news.
You forgot to mention that Michael Hayden was confirmed by the Senate's Senate's 78-15
is the new chief of the CIA this morning.
You forgot to mention it.
And also we got, are you watching this thing about the shots fired at the
Labour and Office Building and the capital is lying locked down now?
No.
I am now.
But, certainly, I can tell you that the police officers that I saw.
The involve rep is on their issue.
No, it's a danna bash is the danna.
The involve law is probably.
You're not in that building right now.
Right.
I'm in a capital building.
I'm in the building that you're looking up on the stage.
Danna bash.
Oh, shots fired.
Oh.
Again, the Labour building is a separate building.
But they're all connected by tunnels underneath.
Well, here's a gun run from Jean Rogers for a poll today.
Jesus.
I'm going to put his last name on there.
You want to put his last name on there?
Jesus Christ.
No, just Jesus.
Prams.
Is that, of course, a rural and rural, I don't think it's Jesus.
They call of us from the capital, both to the Senate Office Building.
Well, we'll keep our eye peeled on that because you know how newsy we are.
They're strangling the pollo para acá.
In theaters now, star wars episode one, the Phantom of Stooges,
Shirley Skywalker, Larry One, Kenobi and Mo2D2.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Star Wars, Phantom of Stooges.
We're going to the fight in space.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
1047.
I'll be picking on them all my Stu man.
Shots fired in the Rayburn office.
The house building in the capital is in lockdown.
The world is coming to an end.
Chickens are P and I crazy.
You got one leg lifted up in the air.
It's going to be a flood, man.
Look out.
Or somebody I know would say, my, my, my.
Look out.
I have a pedal.
A way to go, but there are a lot of police officers that are always a station at the complex.
A lot of them.
So it's.
That's Dana Bash, by the way.
The one with the shrunken head.
Yeah.
The little busher lover with the shrunken head.
That looks like the runaway ride.
Right.
With the bitter eyes.
Pot doesn't cause cancer study finds.
Uh oh.
Now we know that cigarettes are those faggots cause lung cancer.
There's no question about that.
Right.
Even have the skull on the crossbones on a package.
The pot causes mungings.
The largest kind of it's well, that's very strange an afternoon.
I'm going to sit for the umpteen time.
You know, knowing that I'll probably think that have some edible food there, but they don't.
The largest study of it's kind is unexpectedly concluded at smoking marijuana, even regularly and heavily, George.
Does not lead to lung cancer.
Thank God.
The new findings were against their expectations.
said Donald Tashkin, the University of California, LA, a pulmonologist who has studied marijuana for 30 years.
Pot is.
We have hypothesized there'd be a, you know, we say that you a normal can't.
You're just studying marijuana.
That's right.
Study hard.
Yeah, what's his name?
Just uh, we're studying your kidney porn.
Gary Glitter.
Oh.
We hypothesized there'd be a positive association between marijuana, use and lung cancer, and that the association be more positive with heavier use.
He said what we found instead was no association at all, and even a suggestion of some protective effect.
Can shy read that last sentence again?
I could just think I need to take it up a notch.
Wow.
What we found instead was no association at all, and even a suggestion of some protective effect between marijuana, use and lung cancer.
How do you like that sports fans?
Maybe it has anti-oxidants.
Federal health and drug enforcement officials have widely used Tashkin's previous work in marijuana to make the case that the drug is dangerous.
Tashkin said that while he still believes marijuana is potentially harmful, it's cancer causing effects to be of less concern than previously thought.
His study funded by the National Institutes of Health National Institute and Drug Abuse involved proheter people in LA who had lung, neck or head cancer, an additional
140 people without cancer matched by age sex and neighborhood.
They were all asked about their lifetime use of marijuana tobacco and alcohol.
The heaviest marijuana smokers had lit up more than 22,000 times, that's probably just this week.
While moderately heavy usage was defined as smoking 11,000 to 22,000 marijuana cigarettes, Tashkin found that even the very heavy marijuana smokers showed no increased incidence of the three cancers that were studied.
So everybody just let up a big fat one right now before we get all bent out of shape about clearance, zero and joebell and bruised beasley and the banjo boy group thinking all these other things that just destroy our lives.
And normal cancer, normal cancer and won't and don't.
The capital police.
Got a fire in the garage of the Rayburn House Office building.
The garage.
I think it was Alan's spawning done it.
I gotta go through a little bit of the geography.
I don't want to go through geography. I really do it a strong for time and you know something.
You're not fooling us for a second, not for a mini second.
You're not fooling us.
But I beat by the book.
They're pulling the old Gary Sarner routine now.
They're doing the old verbal tap dance. They're tapping on it.
Speaking of what I was telling the Humber there about renewing his driver's license online, which is one of the biggest forces in history, I mean stop and think about it.
I'm going to say it again for the um team time.
My mother had her driver's license renewed for six years in the mail.
Not online obviously because she didn't have no computer.
So she just mailed it in and she was like 84 years old once you've done it.
85.
Isn't that beautiful?
No eye test.
They didn't know whether she was deaf, dumb, blind, quadruple amputee, anything.
Whether she was just a lump on a seat like Kate Smith in those final days.
They had no idea and they sent her a 60-renewal theater to 85.
And that lovely.
It loves.
Zion America, maybe only in Florida with your fat ass governor.
Now speaking of that, Wellington, New Zealand.
Remember I was telling you about that movie uh...
That's right.
From New Zealand, what was it called?
Oh Jesus, I forget already.
But John Barker was in it.
Not Bob Barker, John Barker was in it.
The locals.
Very good. How do you know that?
I still had it up.
Yeah, I see him.
Wellington, New Zealand, armless man stopped for speeding.
Was driving with one foot on the steering wheel and another on the pedals of policeman testified in court.
All right.
Sounds like Florida to me.
Uh-huh.
Colin Smith, who was born without arms and has never held a driver's license appeared in court last uh...
Let's say yesterday.
Charged with driving in a manner likely to be dangerous to the public.
Likely. Not necessarily, but could be.
The police officer who stopped Smith said the driver seat was reclined and the armless man appeared to be using one foot to steer the car.
And the other day to work the accelerator and brake.
Smith 31 entered no plea but said he would defend himself against the charges.
He told the court he'd been driving for years using his feet to steer and had never had an accident.
How do you like that?
Amazing.
Yeah.
Probably grass better than most of you, bows, bows and south Florida who are driving with both arms and both legs.
And uh... a partridge had appeared to be a tree.
Yeah. Certainly can't drive worse.
Oh, wait a minute. Let's see if there's some more assignment here at the Arabian office building in the parking garage.
From which level of this gun fire shot for me?
You know, I knew that right.
But we're on the third level garage.
It's actually the top floor and a there are two floors below it.
I'm told by staff that there is a firing range that staff definitely have somewhere in the Rayburn basement.
There's a firing range in the basement of the Rayburn building.
I think there's a connection.
I think there's a connection.
But you're in lockdown as well.
Correct Eric.
Okay. I'm John. Are you still with us? John King?
Yes, I am, Eric.
Let's talk about a couple things here.
First of all, I'll put that in the map.
Yeah. Yeah. It's just a little backfire.
A little slopp over from the other side.
Never expected to hear gunfire from the firing range.
No, God forbid.
Or maybe it was the backfire of a car in the, you know, trying to start a car in the parking garage.
It's called Panic Man hysteria.
That's what they want you to do. Get all hysterical.
Probably a terrorist act no doubt.
Probably Osama Yamamas in there in the Rayburn building.
When you think?
I can only imagine.
I'd say there's just as much chance that he's in there as he's in Pakistan.
We don't know.
I still believe he's on a French Riviera.
We got him hold up and nice.
Maybe the Ritz Carlton or something.
Uh-huh.
Wining and dining and with his 18 brides and 85 kids and just having a sweet swallow.
I think he spent time on the beach.
You know, catch a raise.
You think he worked on his family?
873 votes on a pool.
Man, we'll have that thousand by noon and then we can really breathe easy.
Right?
Breathe something.
Who best fits this?
A celebrity who became even bigger after their death?
How can we even put Jesus on there?
But he did.
Josh.
Well, he meant to put it on there.
That's almost a page.
He's over there.
Put it on right now.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus, he's on there now.
Man, oh, what a surprise.
You know, considering the fact I'm thinking it doesn't take three people to do this show.
That's what Clarence said.
I'm thinking one.
You know, Clarence, seriously, there's a special corner of hell and you are going to rot there for eternity.
Hopefully very soon.
You are one of the most evil, backstabbing, duplicitous little weasels.
And what would you expect for a guy who like to bunks up with the rubber creeper every night?
What do you expect?
Backstabbing evil, duplicitous, lying sack of knowledgeless crap.
Look, we did the Duff, man.
He stuck him where it hurts the most.
Right.
Don't know so about it.
Yeah.
875 votes.
Bigger after death than during life, Elvis.
As big as he was during life, he is, I mean, there's Schlepp and a Graceland now like Grady.
182 and 15 to these still there.
You know, just like that horrible record that they put out.
What that was that thing called?
Oh my god.
I got one that's understanding.
Oh, what a piece of swill.
James Dean 209.
Couldn't act as well as a paper sack.
Hey, Jimmy, you're fair.
That's for both James Dean and Jimmy Cifilis.
Marilyn Monroe 101.
2-pack 82.
Kurt Cobain 65.
Jimmy only the shade of only the complex has been changed to protect the gildey.
Jimmy Hendrix 51.
Getting darker again.
Ronnie Reagan 41.
Now, you know what is something interesting?
That.
2-pack Kurt Cobain, Ronnie Reagan, there's like shootings involved in three of those there.
Uh-huh.
Jimmy Hendrix, he died from, what do you die from?
I think he choked on his own lomba.
No.
Buddy Holly.
In other words, he threw up a little in his mouth.
Not in the bloody.
But he got a 33.
He threw up a lot.
Richie Vellan's 28.
He makes me throw up.
Lenny Bruce 22.
Just they just destroyed him.
They destroyed him, and they did.
What's it?
Jim Croci 16.
Janice Johnson 10.
The big Bob for a 6.
And Jesus already's got a pair.
This is Neil Rodgers.
Very nice only to him.
This is 516 QAS.
This is the Neil Rodgers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join tonight.
All right.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
This makes me feel all right.
I hope to join in time of week.
And to do inside my heart.
I hope to join before I know to join.
And say I know to most.
Oh my daddy, he was so mean.
He said you see my looking man.
My mama, he was so mean.
Her news to the best you can.
He said you wonder, I'm the same.
I came to me and said you fell.
It was hard work, good, and hard work, right?
The first take, well, and so now I hope to join.
When I get up in the shower, I hope to join.
I hope to join when I feel the okay.
And every 10,000 voice, I hope to join.
I hope to join from this time of week.
I hope to join before I hope to join.
And say I know to most.
Oh my daddy, he was so mean.
He said you see my looking man.
My mama, he was so mean.
Her news to the best you can.
He said you wonder, I'm the same.
He said you see my looking man.
He said you see my looking man.
He said you wonder, I'm the same.
I came to me and said you fell.
It was hard work, good, and hard work, right?
The first take, well, and so now I hope to join.
I hope to join the next.
I hope to join, in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I hope to join in time of week.
I hope to join, I hope to most.
I hope to join before I hope to join.
And then I hope to most.
Oh, to join, that's what I do.
Oh, to join, coming from the world with me every morning.
Oh, to join, coming from the world with me every afternoon.
Yeah, oh, to join, it was rather long before I was your home.
Oh, to join, you want to say that?
Oh, to join, coming from the world with me every afternoon.
Oh, to join, coming from the world with me every afternoon.
Oh, to join, coming from the world with me every afternoon.
910 votes on a pool, man.
We got that thousand.
We got it licked and the pool too.
1105 at QA, and we got Gelly at two o'clock.
You can't lick him.
70 QAM, hello.
A good year.
Yes, sir.
You know, this is Virginia Key at the Aronics
that I'm coming on after that last song,
because I think it was 16 years ago when you were on that,
that other station, or 14 years ago,
when I brought up the difference between cigarettes and marijuana
and why one kills and the other is not.
Yeah.
The main reason is that nicotine paralyzes these little tiny things
in your lungs called microvilli.
Those are what people call them.
The death and particulates in your lungs.
So you smoke a cigarette, and all your microvilliates get stolen
and lie down, and all the crap will,
and the lower it will, will, will, you're lung.
So the question is, you want to get stolen,
and you want your microvilliates to get stolen?
That's the question.
Exactly.
And I just thought it was just, you know,
ultimately ironic, because there was a running medical school college report
that I brought up in 94 talking to you
and you were still with Rick and Suds.
And Suds exactly that, that they were studying vegetarian,
rostriffraryns of the North Coast of Jamaica,
which you know is an ideal group to study.
If you're going to study something like that.
Yaman.
Yaman.
So anyway, play a good girl for me, and have a good day.
Okay, and smoke a fat one for Jesus.
I'll wait.
See you.
Okay, there you go.
See, there's a good call, and let's not press our luck.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, right?
Absolutely.
This is working out so much better than I ever dreamed
in my wildest dreams that could, you know,
too bad early retirements in my plans.
I just sent a email to Norma Cannon,
if she ever gets out of court and gets around.
Oh, look at her, there's Bobby Bird raising his hand and screaming.
I'm very, very serious.
But I mean, everybody put him up.
Meanwhile, there's still investigating the sound of gunfire
in the shooting range.
That would be like saying, people on the set of the shooting of,
the filming of gunsmiths are investigating the sound of gunshots.
Cowboys were sighted.
Yeah.
We better investigate that right now.
It's a good diversion, you know.
We'll get this.
That's the sound of the case.
They stupid to keep their mind off the fact that the Senate confirmed
that they rolled over and played dead Michael Aheadin.
This Nazi bastard is the new CIA chief.
78 to 15 was the vote.
Overwhelming.
919 votes on a poll.
We'll have, like I said, by noon.
We'll have that 1000.
We'll have it lifted and then we can all go home.
You're waiting for this long holiday weekend.
For some of us, some of you guys got to work just a couple of days there on Monday.
It's all right.
I can take our way through it.
So practice.
If you play your cards right, maybe you can farm it out to flee or somebody like that.
Oh, I got a clarification, by the way.
Yes.
That's none of the people on the list that we're talking about.
But apparently the little Pimp that came in here at 2 o'clock yesterday,
his name is Rob Walker.
And he's a part-timer who's still in high school.
Robert W. Walker?
No, but I think that's his son.
Oh.
Rob Walker, who's a Pimp who's in high school.
Well, he looks like a Pimp.
I see.
Well, he dresses like a Pimp.
How about that?
And like a lot of things, he looks like Lon Cheney.
He has a Lon Cheney.
He had a lot of things on him.
Yeah.
When Brad Bigger of Coral Springs Open Deleter addressed him from the Broward County Election Office Wednesday night,
he found a new voter ID card for his wife.
His wife got one for their daughter, and the daughter got one intended for a Deborah Bigler.
By the way, yes, something.
Total of three facts of the story this morning.
Listen, I got this stuff.
Okay, I'm on top of my crap.
Okay, just don't worry about it.
We appreciate your interest.
And we're very newsy, et cetera.
But we got into gunfire in a shooting range in the Arabian building.
Okay.
We got police doing target practice.
And two bad day in the bench wasn't one of them.
Well, what's this all about?
One settling to get a blackberry message put in front of you said that says there's gunfire in the building.
That was represented Peter Haas, who are just a few minutes ago, interrupting your house and tell us.
I just calm down.
You're all sent to a bunch of nervous Nellies, man.
There's a lot of gunfire going on in Iraq, and I'll see any of these people from Congress over there.
Anyway, getting back to this story.
All across Coral Springs and Parkland voters whose last name is Begin with Letters A or B
receive the ID cards of relatives, neighbors, and cross down residents rather than their own voter registration card.
Another big screw up, another F up.
The cause was a may room glitch that resulted up to a thousand people receiving the card for the next person alphabetically.
I'm Browards of Voter Registration Rules.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
Election officials caught the problem before it struck the third letter of the alphabet, but it left behind a new headache for the orifice.
For some, the follow-up received bad memories of revived bad memories of Miriam Oliphance to a monstrous tenure as election supervisor, even the grueling 2000 presidential recount.
For others, it raised fears of identity theft.
With all the voting problems, I haven't trusted the voting system anyway, bigger said.
Now we find we aren't getting the right voter registration cards.
It makes you wonder what's next.
You might say that they vote or registration problems are getting bigger and bigger.
Beneficute?
Yes.
The name is spelled B-I-G-G-A-R.
Rather be a bigger than a beggar.
The four members of Arlene Bumel's family also received the wrong cards, where their husband getting the one meant for Elise Bore.
And he said, don't call me Elise.
It amazes me that nobody picked up on this area as the letters are being printed.
Bumel said,
Election supervisor Brenda Snipes must mail Browards one million voter new cards before this false election season,
because the state took over the voter rolls to sign new ID numbers to each person.
Oh no.
And since my last name begins with a B, it wouldn't surprise me if I got one signed for like a surely Broward.
Snipes asked her off as a long time mail process,
her commercial printers of Pompeo Beach to mail the cards over the next few weeks.
Snipes spokeswoman Mary Cooney said the mail machinery was skipping somehow,
and inserting voter cards in the wrong round, folks.
It was the bad mail machinery mine.
They got a bad machine again.
She said commercial printers has accepted responsibility for the problem.
About 100,000 cards have been mailed out, and officials are confident the problem is limited to the 33067 and 33071 zip codes.
That's the Coral Springs, I guess.
So, is that right, Josh?
What is it again?
There's two in Springs.
It can be three three 067.
No.
And three three 071.
Yes, 7-1.
See what I just said.
It's very isolated Cooney said.
Still, Coral Springs resident Robert Beeman, he makes a hell of a chewing gum, by the way,
isn't happy that he received Raymond B's ID card and somebody else got his...
It seems like they really screwed up Beeman said the card has all your information on it,
and now somebody else out there has got it.
The election card has been asking anybody who was sitting in the wrong card to call 9543577050 to report the error and new cards will be mailed out.
39543577050.
3577755.
How do you like that?
More scripts, Coral Springs, I don't live in Coral Springs or anywhere near there.
I need to do that.
I need to do Josh anymore.
And Josh better than I vote this November.
I will not.
Will not what?
I will not be voting.
And why is that?
You got me all wrapped up in the last time, I got it's way too frustrating.
It's way too frustrating for what?
It's just a bunch of hoke, man.
That's what it is.
What the hell does that mean?
It's way too frustrating.
Why? Because your man didn't win, is that it?
Yeah, but you know, you kind of get emotional with it and it's a very frustrating thing.
You know, there are two words that come to mind.
Two words from me, early retirement and two words that come to mind for you.
You know what they are?
What's that?
Emotional, cripple.
I mean, if voting and not voting for the winning candidate every time, if you become that emotional about it,
you need some assistance, mister.
Let's see how he gets what his team loses.
I just can't believe it.
You mean to say with all the stuff that's going on right now, you're just going to look the other way.
Maybe your one vote that you don't vote that puts the right wing religion,
there's nothing there that just undoes all of our freedoms and we probably can't even continue doing the show.
Probably have to play Hunkerian Mizurkers for the next couple of weeks I'm going to be here.
Early retirement, just keep thinking that to yourself.
Just keep mouthing it.
I know I am.
EM.
Or ER.
Sure.
Yeah, ER.
And that especially includes Clarence Darrow, man.
I mean, the stuff that I'm hearing from even the flea came in there and told me stuff about Clarence
I didn't know before, the flea.
Piece of turd.
And of course, you know, Clarence enjoys tighter than a snared rum that two of them.
There is tight as it gets.
Peas in a pod.
Join at the hip and the lip.
And even I hear at the rectum, that's when I'm hearing.
It's almost Memorial Day.
It's coming Monday and it's time for those mattress and furniture stores to run their annual phony sales.
You know, the sales were they doubled the price and they say, hey, we're going to give you half off.
Well, what kind of a deal is that even Monti Hall is wincing?
Good Canadian boy, Monti Hall.
Don't waste time and money, drive it around shopping for a mattress and don't waste lot of that expensive gas.
Save like never before when you call dial amactors right now at 1-800 mattress.
Their prices are lower than the mall stores, even during the mall's so-called half-off sales.
Don't forget now, only dial amactors deliver from 8 in the AM until 10 in the PM every day.
Same day delivery is still available and you choose your date and time with them to our one of that's convenient for you and they show up.
That's why all of these things put together the ranked number one in the world for the best customer service in the business.
I've been using them for years and believe me, I wouldn't think of calling anybody else.
Dial amactors carry only the top foods too.
They have the complete line of seely and certain Simmons, King Coil, temperpidic and stirons and foster huid.
When you call 1-800 mattress, here's the deal.
You get best prices and the best brands, the most incredible delivery deal going anywhere and service like you can't believe.
So what's not to like? Pick up the phone right now, give her that lumpy, bumpy, smelly, soiled old mattress and get you a great night's sleep for years to come.
Beware those annual half-off sales they're here. Their phony is a $48 bill.
Do this marketing instead, call 1-800 mattress or log into their website mattress.com and sleep like a baby tonight on a great new mattress and dial amactors at an unbeatable price.
1-800 MATTRES, leave off the last S because it stands for sales holes.
This is Neil Rogers. What solid this is 5.62 A.S.
I'm 60WQAM. Your headquarters for tape interviews with dumbass criminal athletes.
The station that turns you for sport-hole sweepers. Followed by a mush mouth dumbass.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
And if you think they run intelligible just because of the phone.
Sound like anyone you know.
One note Charlie radio.
I'm a one note Charlie.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
Sound like anyone you know.
I'm going to get you some of the lines of my assessment.
I know what it means to put an end to some of the numbers.
I want you to know I want your justice.
I want you to know I want justice.
I want you to know I want justice.
I want you to know I want justice.
I want you to know I want justice.
I want you to know I want justice.
I want MOR inom e don 아니에요 de syros
ver av
Ver av
Ver av
Ver
Ver av
Ver av
I'm a little bit mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad,
I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, I'm a little mad, my
The
city
of
world
is a
world
of
the
world
world
the
world
of
the
world
of
the
world
of
the
world
of
the
world
of
world
of
are
good
and
at
a
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 QA&.
This is 516 QA&.
I can't know what a good blow with good and clean snow.
I'm going to take a man and fill a band and stuff the good and soul.
And then she begins.
Good effort. Good luck to you.
I'm glad that you didn't want to see that on the little star.
Another son of a bitch.
Bush, loud and a stomach.
Bush got it dropped.
The ink is permanent or desired.
Nothing.
I can't come from the world.
I don't want to touch the part of the game.
It's human after the last of the game.
Oh God, it's insane.
I don't want to touch the part, baby.
You see?
And open you go.
Open you go.
It's no real.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
Open you go.
I don't want to touch the part, baby.
I don't want to hug the car, baby.
That's Tony Thno from Fox.
It's 1132 to 560.
They don't know squat about this shooting there, a ledge shooting, or...
Then, uh, then...
...Root and Thun they heard some shooting.
Capitol Police said today they were investigating reports of the sounds of gunfire.
In a garage of the...
...Rabin Office Building, where members of the house have their offices.
They have no victims at this time.
They have no active shooter.
They got plenty of not in as what they got.
Said Mike Brooks, a law enforcement expert.
He noted that Capitol Police have a firing range of the basement, but a congressional
source of the shots were not heard from that level.
The containment and emergency response team was searching the area.
How long has this been going on?
About an hour now?
At least.
And they don't know squat.
CNN's Kelly Arena reported that heavily armed officers were headed to the area, but
they're going pretty slow.
The alert came moments after a press conference held by Representative John Sensenbredder
on immigration reform.
CNN producer Deed Walsett on immigration reform.
Maybe some beater.
I'll bet on a ship that they messed up their tacos.
They put problem-
We saw several Capitol Police officers running quickly down the hallways.
He said soon after that, an announcement was made throughout the building.
Oh, do you see that?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I just screwed up the video here.
I'm able to answer a question that we had earlier.
Oh my God.
I just killed a time later that little moustache would not see Bob Barr from Georgia on
there.
But it would be.
Representative Peter Hoaster, a publicative mission that was connecting a house intelligence
committee hearing at the time, according to an AP report.
Hoaster interrupted a witness to tell Lose If Harry to remain in the room and said,
the doors must be closed-dedited.
It's a little unsettling when we already heard that clip.
It's unsettling to do a blackberry message put in front of you that says there's gunfire
in the building.
You said business continued as usual in the Senate side, according to CNN's Dana Bank.
The shrunken head.
All right.
This is a Capitol Police.
I'll hold a news conference at noon.
Are you excited about that or what?
They're going to be holding a new conference at noon.
Can we just have a news conference at noon yesterday?
What was that about?
I forget what it was about already.
I'll end run.
Oh, that's right.
It was about Kenny Lane, Jeffrey Skilling, about the end run twins going up the river for
about 600 years.
Capitol Police going to hold a press conference at noon.
This is great.
But what does it have to do with sports?
That's what Clarence probably wants to know.
What does it have to do with?
That's either to basically say where they are.
They were told to make sure they were standing around.
There's a bunch of police standing around and look at that.
They're holding hands.
Did you see that?
No, I missed it.
I'm on MTV.
Welcome to the conference.
I'm a white cop and we're like to hold in hands.
They're half naked people playing grads on MTV.
We're taking the one.
One cop was young to the other one.
You're fair.
I don't know what that meant.
I've gotten smaller and smaller.
She's so...
Yeah, smaller and smaller.
Since they let go of those hands.
Anyway, here's the facts.
We'll be on that.
Like, stick on the Joe.
Man.
Like, stick on Clarence.
I can't even begin to tell you how.
I'm thinking I'm changing my approach.
Oh yeah?
Instead of those two words, I have to be different.
Instead of the early retirement, those ER words, I have two other words.
ML.
You know what that stands for?
I do not.
Massive lawsuit.
Oh.
That's what I'm playing.
Let me get the lotion out.
That's exciting.
When I get people like that who start working actively as an...
We already got Joyce to contend with.
But when we find out beyond the shadow of it out that our supposed program director,
Jr. is acting, you know, doing things that are throwing more impediments in our path,
I say screw his ass is what I say.
I say, let's get out the old broom handle.
Let's call up broom hill this here, a few busy.
This is an evil little person, okay?
Don't let him anywhere near that studio.
Don't let him anywhere near me.
Don't let him anywhere near a microphone, okay?
Set him off to do some UN Tittly Wings games that this more right off his alley.
Along with his little partner in crime, they're Robert DeGreeper.
They don't come no creepier than Robert Creeper.
Believe me.
If I've told you 100, I've told you what I just do.
If I've told you 100 times about that twerp.
Anyway, here's a fact that, of course, I don't know if she don't have her real name on here anyway,
so I don't know how it would not keep it anonymous.
But it says, please keep this anonymous because I don't want to get stopped
or come in my house in the middle of the night.
And it's a long thing that goes on about the phone rings,
and it's somebody I like 90 seconds of your time because I'm concerned about our children.
And she's concerned because television shows are so bad for children because they're aging.
This is obviously the parents television council, probably.
And so anyway, this nice lady hung up on her, which is the right thing to do.
And then she got the number from Colorado ID and called back.
Another little step for wife voice answered, customer service,
and asked her what this company was.
She didn't answer that without missing a beach.
She said she only wants 20 seconds of my time.
And she started the whole thing all over again.
Before she begins her 20 seconds, I tell her I just got a call from this number
that I'm on the floor.
Did you not call this?
And then we believe in freedom of speech in the first amendment in this house.
We don't believe in censorship and that they are in violation of Florida for calling me.
And don't ever call this number again and hung up on it.
And she says, if anyone would like to express their opinion to these folks one way or another,
the issue of being concerned about our children,
and so far as they need to be protected from aging programs,
the number is 1-800-679-0336.
You got it?
I got it right there.
I called on the break.
Yeah, called during the break.
And so they...
How the hell are you?
Exactly.
Mind your own business.
Okay, and quit bugging us with those illegal phone calls.
We're going to sue your ass too.
Let's just sue everybody today.
Those are going to be my nickname on this show today.
A boy named Sue.
Do it.
And Sue it.
As in...
You ferry.
Yeah, if you want to tell them to leave everybody alone,
this is probably the parents' television council.
I'm just a fancy name for a bunch of censoring right-wing lunatics.
1-800-679-0336.
I'm putting that right in my save-it pile.
Right there.
Put it in my piles.
And in my files, because it sounds really vile.
Thanks a lot, Sue.
And whoever you are, I want to keep your anonymous.
I don't say anything.
Okay.
I'm not saying it.
983, boy, what did I tell you?
And I said we'd have 1,000 votes by Nunezh?
987 already.
They're coming in in nice little bits and chunks.
And I knew in the Capitol police
in Washington DC, they're going to hold up news conference.
And we'll find out who's been naughty,
nice, good, and wise, etc.
Hold a news conference in new.
Why can't they just give us the fast like Jack Webb for Christ's sake?
What does everything have to be a news conference?
That's America for you, man.
Zion America.
Everybody has a news conference.
Homeless shlupers out on street chlorines.
They have a news conference to announce that, you know,
we got a spare change, Mr.
and have a nice day.
It's about the only negative or a thing here, Matt,
is that too many of them shlupers out there, Panhandler.
Spare some change.
Well, okay, it's okay.
You have a nice day, eh?
Feel like turning around and saying,
up here as you're dead, be good out of the street
and put some clothes on.
999 votes.
Aren't you impressed?
We're going to be before the end of the break.
I was just saying, smell that money now.
I'm having a breakdown.
I just smell the money from that big lawsuit.
BL, BFL, big fat lawsuit.
This is Neil Rogers.
All right, this is 5.16 Q.A.S.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Boy, I've got no doubt.
Boy, they spend on another show for.
I'll make you go.
Boy, I've got no doubt.
Oh, please don't talk about something else.
Or shout out.
I'd like to hear your show.
With team, oh, with your segments, go.
Two Mexico, or your five new dollars.
Go kill, mountain, a Mexico.
Blue guys.
It's 11.44, 16.00.
Oh, my God, Gelted.
Who was just pierced right through the speakers in your radio at two.
Mad Dog at Quarter Deck in Davia 4.
And then your Marlins in the Metz call
about the world famous Ed Kampren show.
So they had some penetrating interviews with some people out there in the US Capitol.
Did you see the one where the guy says, they said, do you see or hear anything unusual?
Do you hear gunshot?
No.
Got a Capitol police running around.
Oh, so much a police running around.
And they came up and they said, who are you and what are you doing?
And that was a mad nothing.
And they're showing love.
Look at that.
A lot of police.
The ones that caught me.
Not much of a fresh meat on a mural.
Yeah, a lot of shots being fired anywhere on Capitol Hill.
But a beep, but a boop, but a bomb, right?
And like a whole lot of people outside and police cars.
And look at that.
There's some male trucks.
Oh, don't tell me they're going postal.
Now you don't want to have started that yesterday.
You can very upset when you're just right.
I don't know.
And hopefully be open.
No, they're going to go back up here.
Well, how long do you think something like that would take as they narrow down the Jeep?
You know how whiny she's gotten since you married that fat ass pill popping a Hippocrate Liar?
Yes, I have no real whiny.
Can you imagine what a brazen old lady can have that she's Mrs. Limbaugh.
We got a thousand and five votes on the poll already.
We got it.
I think we can go home now.
I think it's the coast is safe.
I think on Tuesday I'm starting my music show as a way of programming.
All right.
You got your pod.
Yeah, that's right.
You got your pod people.
What's my pod got to do with it?
Well, when you get a pod it gets you all excited about music because you run out to get a bunch of stuff.
What is true?
Yeah, happens to ever.
Well, here's one that doesn't make any sense to me from Ed.
The facts for our poll today.
For the poll.
Jimmy, Jimmy Hoffa.
Don't put it on there.
I know what he means, but I don't agree.
No, I mean, I see he's only looking at these recent news stories where they're digging and digging.
Did they find anything?
No.
No, they're still digging.
No.
No, they didn't find a damn thing.
Found some more chicken bones.
They dug up Hoffa the form, but they found a KFC bones from what's his name?
The great Ahmed Khan.
And they found a couple of pieces of his Hussade Shako buried in there with it.
But other than that.
That is such a great thing, man.
She's so good.
Lorraine Hobbs.
A badass commie.
Mm-mm, right.
Well, we can't say it.
No, Molly.
We can't say much of anything.
And now that we've got folks who always send the program director working in contravention of the veteran of this program,
I say sue their ass.
I'm going to sue him.
I'm going to sue her.
I'm going to sue everybody that I'm always in the building except you guys.
And I'm even thinking about you.
I am.
You can have it all.
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
And look at Josh, man.
He's got some heavy duty cash in the way, probably in the freezer.
Probably all that money he won betting against the Marlins.
Yeah, that's the new route I'm going to get a bonus.
Look at this.
I'm looking to see if there's a response to my email.
No, nothing as usual.
I just asked her when to tell.
I waived the white flag and paying Elvis and surrender again today.
I waived the white flag as surrender.
I just give up until I get it.
I'm going to hire Roy Black, I think.
He's a good attorney, isn't he?
Black Roy.
No, Roy Black, you know, the annual South Florida attorney.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to hire him and who's that other guy?
Kendall and a cup of coffee from Starbucks.
Don't hire Ellis Rubin.
And I'm not going to hire him or I'll do about 40 years.
Yeah, even at my age.
Hey, Ellis, Ellis, Ellis, I've been thinking your defenses are really stinking.
Man, you are just amazing.
A military speaking of people need defense.
A military investigation of the Dents of 2000 Iraqis last November is expected to find
that a small number of Marines in Western Iraq carried out extensive unprovoked killings
of civilians congressional military and Pentagon officials said yesterday.
Extensive and unprovoked killings of civilian nights.
They can print it out.
That's why they're not bringing us to flowers and candy that we were expecting.
Are we going to have a voice of, uh, because when the Capitol police tells you to run?
Yeah, yeah.
They know nothing.
Two lawyers involved in discussions about individual Marines' defenses said they thought the investigation
could result in charges of murder, a Capitol offense.
That possibility and the emerging details of the killings of race fears that the incident could be
the greatest case involving this conduct by murky ground forces in Iraq.
Officials briefed on preliminary results of the inquiry.
The civilians killed at Haditha, a lawless and surgeon-plated city deep in
Sunni-dominated and bar province, didn't die from a makeshift bomb as the military first
tried to, uh, a pedal or in a crossfire between Marines and attackers as was later
peddled.
A separate inquiry has begun to find whether the events were deliberately covered up.
Oh, it wouldn't do that, would they?
Evidence indicates that the civilians were killed during a sustained sweep by a small group of
Marines that lasted three to five hours and included shootings of five men staring
at the attack point and killing inside at least two homes that included women and children.
And the story goes on at Great Lang.
You see, if this, if this would have happened inside the borders of America, we'd be talking about those
barbarians, those spineless, gutless, cowardly barbarians, those third world slime ball,
you know, like that, you know, outrageous.
Exactly.
But if our people do it, uh, which they shouldn't be there in the first place, well, then it's say, you know,
the pressures of war and the idea of, you know, right?
We'll find, we'll find some technicality.
Capital police holding a news conference at noon.
You knew there was something, you know, going on and it was involved me.
And all these people that talk and do they don't know Schmidt from Shine Olaman, they know nothing.
They haven't got a freaking clue.
All they're doing is like Stalin for time, just like we're doing here.
Well, no, at least we got, at least we got some crap of our own anyway, as opposed to spending all
of time speculating about what that was all about.
They were, they were discussing immigration, man.
I still think it was some like hostile beener.
Probably somebody that worked at the Michael Jackson's compound.
Oh, and speaking of more bad news from over there might as well spill it all out here, huh?
Why the hell not?
Get it out of the way.
Vazra in the South of Iraq is beginning to splinter under increasing violence and sectarian divisions.
Smuggling of oil on a large scale coupled with increasing violence and the lack of basic services like water and electricity has caused increasing tensions in the city.
570 kilometers, it's about 400 miles south of Baghdad.
More than 100 civilians have been killed in Vazra so far this month.
Residents are pointing the finger at the governor and the British military which occupies the city.
Now here comes the operative paragraph, okay?
Before the recent spade of killing Vazra had a reputation as one of the most peaceful cities in Archipy to Iraq.
The British military whose 8,000 soldiers in Iraq control Vazra were considered by many to be more humane than the American counterparts.
But when thousands of residents stood for the streets earlier this month of protest, high unemployment and corruption in the governor's orifice,
the British detected administrators with helicopters and fighters responded.
They shot down a helicopter outside Korean prison, the Iraq oil, or the United Vazra tool IPS.
It was real resistance. They shot it down because the British were supporting the governor and shooting at the people in the demonstration.
And the governor didn't stop the British from bombing the demonstration and so that's his responsibility also.
I visited Vazra last year and I've seen piles or mountains of garbage in the city said,
off-mod Ali Al-Jawahari, North American representative of the Iraqi Trade Union movement.
The sewage system is destroyed. The water system is not adequate. Even clean water is not there.
Electricity is not up to expectations. At that time we were getting three hours a day.
Now you're getting 30 minutes, 30 minutes.
About 30 minutes.
Maybe one hour a day which is way, way worse than it was before.
So far, the seven British soldiers and a hundred Iraqis have killed in the bit of killeness round of fire in Vazra.
And police are still investigating. I think we'll do the same thing we did yesterday.
We'll do the break a little bit early so when the little hand hits the big hand.
And of course they will hold a press conference on time.
No, they never do.
I always think in that during the last break, is there ever been in the history of the human race?
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Never in the history of the human race.
Mary Hopkins.
Mary Hopkins.
Mary Hopkins.
Mary Hopkins.
Mary Hopkins.
Mary Holmes.
Mary Holmes.
Maryelujah.
And so she said
Mary How installing a double chamber.
Mary We had bought her
Mary nd powerful
Mary sixteen soldiers.
Mary Gates.
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12-1 hour on QAM.
I send the camera to die, you're more than insane and all the time.
I use the finger to get the size of the cat, the stupid file.
The cat can be the cat to the side, the Jesus Christ.
I use the finger to die, the new city's Christ Christ.
I use the finger to die, the new city's Christ.
I use the finger to lose their souls, they have their dreams all made of flesh, they have their prayers all made of flesh.
All the thought that they lost are still clearly not the ones in misery.
All they have is no way for them build them in tremendous land.
over 60% off the sky again.
Probably $65.60 Cub.'
Oh, the sky's falling.
Man they briefly we opened the Capitol Billings.
But how are completely ruined laws and laws?
They put them locked them down again.
No, that's right.
No.
And you know what they're saying?
But it booted.
And then most of the people are showing here on camera.
But the public out there laughing and yuking up
in some of the reporters.
Ah, ah, ah.
Right.
Looks really serious to me.
So anyways, we can really serious.
Yes.
I called that 800 number.
And then the guy didn't want to tell me who he was.
So I said, is this an illegal operation?
Is this a boiler room?
What is this?
So why don't you want to tell me who you are?
And he goes, oh, no, no, no.
We're the dove foundation.
So I googled him.
Dove.org and it's a censorship group, like the AFA and the FFA
and all those other unnoticed.
And appearance teacher, and they've got a list of dove
approved movies that you can choose from.
Well, who the hell are they?
Well, they're the dumb dumb dumb.
You know, you can get a little online survey that you can take
and reviews of movies that teach you.
Oh, who the hell is this bitch?
We're at it.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Good afternoon, everyone.
My name is Sergeant Kimberly Scheider.
I'm the Public Information Officer
for the United States Capitol Police.
At 10.30 this morning, we received a report of shots fired
inside the Rayburn Garage.
At this time, we continue to investigate.
We do have tactical teams inside the building.
I'll take any questions at this time.
I do anticipate holding additional briefings
today to decide the only solution.
I will take questions at this time.
Oh, no, press conference.
I don't think very many because the information is still
coming in.
It's a congressman involved in any fashion
of the system.
I don't have that information at this time.
I don't have that information.
That has not been confirmed.
Ma'am, I heard on your radio that you talked about a suspect.
It means 5 to 11 and 6 feet.
Is there a suspect that you guys have?
I don't have any suspect information at this time.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
this is the best.
This is the epitome of what it's all become, man.
This is the immediate for you.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh,
like that.
They're reports of a shooting.
They haven't got no suspect.
They didn't find no gun.
They don't know.
They know what they're going on.
It's always been going on an hour and a half.
This is the capital pulleys, by the way.
But they probably roughed up a couple of black congresswomen
the one way in.
What do you think?
I would have liked it.
Yeah.
And she probably slugged them in the side of the head.
Oh, more bad news.
And along the same vein is that other crap, man.
Oh, when does it stop?
As many as seven Marines are accused of dragging an innocent
arachimant from his home in April, killing him in cold blood,
and then trying to cover up the Chromacorn NBC news.
No, well, he shouldn't have done whatever he was doing.
Further military official sell NBC that at least one of the Marines
is reportedly confessed in the killing,
saying they find the allegations, especially disturbing,
because the case appears to have been a premeditated killing
and not carried out in the heat of combat.
The revelations come on the heels of a visit
to Iraq by the Comma Donnelly West Marine Corps
to address concerns that Marines are becoming
indifferent to killing and death.
The alleged incident occurred April 26th.
The Marines are accused of dragging an innocent man
from his home, shooting him to death,
then planting an AK-47 rifle on a shovel nice to his body.
And apparently, to make it look like the man
had been burying an IED, one of the roadside bombs
have been so deadly, the West Forces in Iraq.
As many as 19 Marines have been returned to Camp Pendleton
in California, pending investigations.
The new allegations mean that the US military
is now investigating two separate incidents
in which Marines are accused of killing innocent
unarmed Iraqi civilians.
Where are those candy and flour people, huh?
Where are the flour children?
We probably killed them.
That's being investigated this time as well.
The Rayburn Garage does house a firing range.
What is the data?
The data is transferred to the Rayburn building.
Staffers have been instructed to stay inside of their offices.
They've been instructed to stay inside of the building
at this time.
I'm going to tell you, this is about as informative
as a frog's fart in a wind storm.
Man, it's just incredible.
What we're gleaning from hurry.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it's a press briefing, though.
Yeah, and we sure will have many more of these same things.
Good God.
Good, Golly Miss Molly.
How many QIMs?
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Lee?
OK, I'm hanging.
All right, good.
And I was trying to call you a couple of days together.
They show this thing over the counter called Musinx
that works really well for getting rid of the flim.
Really?
Yeah, it's not a give you a little tip there.
And I'm going to tell me.
I'm trying to get a hold of you.
You're bad, no, calls.
I tried to call you for the last three days to tell you.
I couldn't get you.
Well, we're taking very, as you notice,
very few in sparsin between the least you've got on.
Soon, it's good.
Yeah, I don't blame you.
Listen, a quick question.
The I watched that show you told me to watch the illuminating
angels and demons.
Right.
Uh-huh.
The stone mason does.
Is that still an active group?
Yes.
Well, yeah, they're not called stone mason's anymore,
but they have the free mason's experience.
All right.
How's that?
That's the only thing that lost me a little bit
where the mason's.
I know that it was Perry mason.
Gay.
James Mason.
Damn.
How a good one, Dale.
And don't forget Mason Adams, man.
OK, see you.
He's still alive, isn't he, Mason Adams?
He's still got no shmuckers spots, I think, Mason Adams.
And I think he was one of those West Wing East Wing,
one of those sure.
I'm not really sure.
What is that?
Mason Williams.
Oh, Mason Williams.
Oh, yeah, classical.
Yeah.
Gay.
Uh-huh.
Oh, I don't think we know for a thousand here or no.
I'm finding a big fat lawsuit against these people, man.
What they're doing, they show to us.
They are sticking to two, man.
They can have all the meetings they want,
and they can hire 8,000 salespeople.
And all these other losers, I bet you have all these people
on this list that they got.
I bet you almost every single one of them
that came where they were before.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
You heard what I just said.
You think somebody, I mean, if anybody came voluntarily,
if they were just down and out desperate,
eating out of a dumpster, and they came,
let me just send you right now, you made a bad mistake, OK?
Don't unpack your bags, OK?
If you already have, you made a bad mistake.
Because if any of you saw the movie Titanic
or ever read about it or heard about it in a picture show,
that's what you're on right now, man.
You are going down with the rest of us.
Speaking of going down, this story,
and thanks for whatever affects this in early this morning,
although I got myself a better copy
that I can actually read off the internet.
I mean, the print was so tiny on that,
you need your MagnaVision reading glasses.
Marie Osmond shocked by daughter's internet sex talk.
We're just talking about Donnie the other day,
which I always liked Donnie, but Marie, I don't know.
Every time I think about her, I start getting depressed.
I'm sure that's the best thing.
Yeah, she needs a good spanking.
Topstair turned dollmaker Marie Osmond
has launched a personal crusade to clean up the internet
after learning that her two teenage daughters
have been posting sexually explicit correspondence
on their MySpace.com websites.
Watch it, listen to this story, and think to yourself,
you talk about the popcorn and kettle black,
she's blaming the internet for the fact that her two daughters,
obviously are a little overactive imagination,
or just a little bit too horny.
The paper roses singer felt compelled to give a statement
to the U.S. tabloid national inquirer
after the publication uncovered outrageous content
on her daughter's Jessica and Rachel's blogs.
On her site, 18-year-old Jessica,
who was adopted by Osmond as an infant,
claims she is a bisexual who craves sex
as many times as possible.
All right.
While her 16-year-old sister describes herself
as a slut and a whore,
a divorce bonnet, and opened up about her dreams
of having sex with David Bowie.
How do you like that?
To which I would say-
I don't think David is what it is.
You're good, you slut, you whore.
In her statement, shock Marie, Devout Mormon,
says, I'm saddened by some of the choices
are too children have made.
The insidious potential for harm
from adolescent internet sites like MySpace.com
only exacerbates these kinds of problems.
I think they say anything on there
about like exacerbated.
If my biggest celebrity figure is good for anything,
let it be as a voice of worrying to other parents
that no matter how protective we think we may have been
with our children in the past,
we need to become more knowledgeable
and even more vigilant now in order to protect them.
I haven't understand at all.
That sounds like that Gary's
charter message this morning.
What are you talking about?
No matter how sheltered and overprotective
you raise your kids, they're gonna do what they want to do
anyways.
She's trying to say-
But that's not even the point.
The point is that they wrote this on their own blog
on the email, okay?
It's not that they read somebody else that wrote it
and they got all whipped up into a phrase.
You can go and vomit in some hanky,
panky with some other pervert out there.
No, they wrote this on their own blogs.
That's right.
So if they get rid of MySpace, they'll go do it on your space.
18-year-old Jessica says she's a bisexual
who prays sex as many times as possible.
All right.
She's great to see.
And 16-year-old sister describes herself
as a slut and a whore.
And dreams of doing it with David Boy.
I don't think that is the least I can do.
She's gonna clean up the internet.
Maybe she even put her attention with the dove people
to clean up their act.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Maybe they can just need to sit around
and eat a few dove bars.
I'm gonna give them her phone number.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Put the dove people in touch with Mariazman
and they can clean up the whole world together.
And don't forget Tipper Gore.
Yeah, Tipper over.
It's a long way to Tipperary.
Bitch.
Good guy.
What, where the hell is it stop?
I'll tell you one thing.
It stops on this station at two.
No!
Because that's when we're gonna get intensive.
He lost the game last night.
92 to 88.
They made a big comeback and he still lost.
Is that possible, Josh?
They could have lost the game in Detroit?
Oh, no.
Could have.
Or Josh Lee.
What?
I'm right here.
No, no.
He wants to leave, but no, he's still here.
He'll wanna leave.
He's having the time of his life.
Although it's just not between these hours.
150 votes on a pool.
10.50 man.
That's looking pretty good.
10.50, Tom Toronto.
10.50, WHN, WMGM, New York.
We're excited to became WHN.
And now I think that's the station that your boy was in.
To fill in a block.
Your ball, bro.
To fill in a block.
And this broad, the chocolate police lady,
she just kinda wandered away and we don't know what they
are doing.
I think the anonymous phone call into the dispatch center
that there was the sound of shots fired,
just the sound of shots fired.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, a single anonymous call saying that.
We're in house office building.
Yeah, it's not like anybody with an IQ larger
than a thumbnail, actually, heard them.
They are all over this house office building.
There's no suspect.
Any kind of suspect.
There was no gun.
There is no powder.
What's in there?
There's a piece of armored car hanging around there.
Look at that black armored car thing.
And that's pretty fancy.
It's missing in the ladder.
Wow.
Makes me want to sing.
When the case ends, go rolling along.
I don't know why.
Do they make you want to sing that?
How do you spell that?
Police haven't identified anyone who did anything.
Many tactical units are inside the building.
And all of us based on one anonymous phone call saying
that shots were fired in the parking garage
that the Rayburn office building.
Here's your tax dollars, hard at work.
The police say they're handling this
as a very serious matter.
Not just as a serious matter, but a very serious matter.
Just like this Clarice business.
Remember when the Don Croydon had all whipped up
about this bus, you know, business, right?
That's what I'm pissed off about is this Clarice business,
to which I say, we get flamenza on it.
Make sure all family business.
We'll soon.
Joe Bell is a Pimp.
Yeah, that's right.
Clarice fell along.
That's right.
Joe Bell is just a Pimp who is Clarice Darrell all along.
We should have known.
From 13, Call him up.
Tom will have lunch at Luigi's in the Louis in the Bronx.
And stick that piece behind the turret.
Hey, if you love voting, that's a give it in South Florida.
If you ever thought about buying a boat,
don't do that man a costume arm and leg.
And that's where the grief just begins when you buy a boat.
But if you want to get out of the water,
have a great time.
Do the smart thing and rent by calling Club Notico
at 1-800-Bolt rent right now.
Why would you want to pay the expenses of owning a boat
when you can rent one totally hassle free
and save a lot of money, too?
If you're on the club at Club Notico,
call 1-800-Bolt rent.
You'll be amazed just how easy it is.
No docking costs, no expensive upkeep,
no insurance, no hurricane preparation.
With a boat from Club Notico,
it's totally stress free and affordable, too.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
No getting the boat ready because
Thumbnotico does it for you.
No cleaning up either.
They take care of all of these things.
All of these things.
At Club Notico, just hop on your boat and go
and you dump the dock it off and just walk away,
run away and leave it all behind for them to clean up.
They'll do it.
It's that simple.
Call Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt rent
from unlimited voting to pay as you go
from a small boats to big yacht charters
and everything in between.
It's Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent and let Club Notico
tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today.
The smart, the hassle-free way by calling Club Notico
and telling that old duck toward a decal.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-D.
And the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Where are all the cows?
Are you...
but they'll be...
You're fine.
Katherine Harris.
I'm scared.
Mom and I...
Yes, I want to be your mommy and all you all that's left of my own.
My own.
There's...
Oh, is that the best...
No, that's the best of where it puts the notion.
Now, Katherine Harris.
Satan is clinging to my sexual organs.
The out of the basket.
I cannot allow you in my basket.
Mommy.
I want you to have it.
You want it.
Mommy.
You're sure you might be able to get on it, but I'm just...
Oh, no.
Have you dorn sex affair with none of that then jailed with a bush?
No, as far from actually.
I look more like a woman than you, mommy.
Yeah, it's a cloth.
I've found myself for you to keep in a special area.
Don't touch me, mommy.
I'm coming in my bed.
I'm coming in my bed.
Mommy.
I enjoy the weight of Jesus.
I'm coming in my bed.
See, that two women said that there was a man with a gun in the Rayburn gym.
Maybe he was just working it out.
They said he had a dangerous piece.
Something like that.
Well, speaking of Katherine Harris, you hear about her plane, by the way?
No.
I heard about her peanuts.
An emergency radio station mistakenly warned that a massive volcanic caused mud flow was headed for the flanks of Montreneer.
And then listeners in the valley below should run to higher ground.
The emergency warning was broadcast Wednesday for nearly an hour.
On 1580 AM frequency in suburban Pierce County town of Puyallup, was that Puyallup?
Puyallup is in Washington state.
I don't know.
Take a guess.
Older than after searching the Rayburn gym for a possible gunman.
So in a situation like this, the police, of course, have to take it seriously.
Mike Brooks spoke earlier of that tragic event a few years ago where two Capitol police officers were killed.
The police have to take it seriously.
What you often get.
There's an ambulance there.
What is he talking about?
What are they doing in that ambulance?
A building somewhere you can have a body in there?
This is who are in roughly the same position.
And sometimes you get fired.
But they just get in the bed, Ray.
No, what are they doing there?
They're not doing anything.
There's nobody in there.
The police, W-U-S-A, I believe it might have to do with the one-to-woman who came out of the gym.
Who appeared to be upset.
And as you said, that was the first time we had that Capitol Police instead of moving it in one direction.
Maybe she like swooned and passed out and they stuck her answer, fat ass on a gurney.
Who now knows what that's all about?
They don't know nobody got shot.
They got no shooter.
They got no body.
They got no guns.
They got no one nothing yet.
But two ladies said, oh, there's a guy with a gun in the gym.
It looked like them.
I always thought you'd be where there's people hanging out of the gym.
Did I tell you that?
You've always said.
A Thoroughby's had the rest of it and how many people heard the broadcast about the volcanic on a week frequency or how many evacuated.
Nancy Eldred heard it while driving in the Puyalli Valley and called her daughter Renee Hutchinson Tacoma.
I was in tears at Hutchinson, who 17 months old son Ethan was in the car with his grandma.
I was shaking.
Shaking all over.
Woman taking out a building on a stretcher a short time ago.
Is on searching this building.
Is on putting things in place.
So oftentimes there is a delay in reporting information from the scene back to the people who then pass it on to the news media.
And Darren, as we discussed this, I want to go back to the scene in our Brian Todd, who I believe has some new information.
Brian Todd.
Brian.
Yeah, I'm sorry, John.
We just had a lot of commotion around here.
I didn't quite hear you.
I can add a little bit to the earlier reporting that we have a senior law enforcement source telling us.
They are investigating these alleged accounts of a possible gunman near the gymnasium at the Rayburn building.
But he also tells me that there is an investigating possibility.
The possibility that this might have been a plain clothed police officer that someone might have seen and gotten longed at.
They again have no evidence of any injuries.
They have no evidence.
They have no signs of a...
See, there you go, what is a spherical woman.
What do I tell you about a hysterical woman?
You know?
I know about it.
500 bucks on the wheel of fortune on the wheel and there's screaming and shrieking like there being sliced up by a robber of bio-fidium addict.
Jesus Christ.
How do you like that?
All this, Simmons, because a couple of over-emotional hysterical women, one of whom evidently swooned and they had a drag harassed out of there on a stretcher, putting the ambulance.
Just the stuff thing, this is often what happens in these cases.
Everyone in the capital complex has courses and put out a work.
The man in gym may have been a plain clothed officer, okay?
Wouldn't you expect a plain clothed officer to have a gun?
Out of the man.
Dumb bitch.
Anyway.
There she is.
What?
Stretcher woman, there she goes.
Oh, there she is.
Oh no, if they see, obviously, but they don't know how to fight her.
A couple of making any assumptions, there's all this unfolds.
What do you think it's a racial thing?
It's an information along as we get it, which is why we continue to say, even as we report what sources are telling us, there is no confirmation.
Well, it's Washington DC, there's nothing other than people in Congress, there's no white people there.
This is true.
After Hutchinson warned co-workers about 30 people, that is currently calling their loved ones, some called their children at schools in the Creole Valley and told them to leave immediately, if not sooner.
But on Wednesday, 1580 AM, pick up the test signal as real and said the layhar was coming.
What's a layhar?
Well, that's a mudflow from volcano.
I did not know that.
The recorded radio message apparently was triggered by a software error.
The fire chief said the problem should be taken care of it in the next few days.
And the next few days, so they might have a lot of alerts here.
Just like what's going on in Washington right now, man, with all this shooting stuff.
Rather, just calm down already, will you?
Oh, good.
Yeah, look at that.
In fact, my thing just froze up.
Right, yeah, we'll have an issue here, too.
Are you really?
You'll.
Don't tell me our website just went down.
What's the difference between them?
I don't know.
I can't get that baby back up again.
Let me just see.
I'd like to see if this thing were to try to all of them.
QIM.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Next time you go to Berlin, they're opening the brand new main train station today.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, I mean, basically you're not going to go through the zoological garden station anymore.
Everything's going to be rerouted to the new station.
I don't understand what that means.
I don't go to Berlin on the train.
Oh, sorry.
No, I thought you could have heard.
I mean, I could go there, but it would take me forever today.
I go from Amsterdam.
I fly to Amsterdam.
And I fly a plane that's less than an hour from Amsterdam to Berlin.
I understand.
Oh, no, I thought you wouldn't like to either from Frankfurt or from Cologne to Berlin.
That's why I'm here.
Frankfurt, Cologne.
That's a long, schlep, man.
And from Cologne to Berlin, that's why it takes me about eight years.
Have you taken the ice train?
The one thing I've been on the ice?
I've been on the ice.
Yeah.
In fact, I had about 90 red ice in the freezer right now.
Yeah, along with the money, right?
I've been on it, yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, one other thing also.
They think about jet, jet bush taking the commissioner's job not going to happen.
Readiness because Noel might snort the, your line mark.
Does he, where I'll come?
Oh, okay.
He tried hard.
Give him a look.
No, I won't.
Give him high marks for effort.
Okay.
No.
For material.
And the guy tried hard.
Oh, so we got a Berlin, they got a train station open.
You're not going to have to go through the zoo, help, whatever that thing is.
Well, that's a relief, anyway.
I'd never been to the train station in Berlin.
I've been to the train station in Kallon many a time.
That's a beautiful place.
So the website is having problems because I can't communicate with Eric either.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I just came up for me though.
And the green light.
It's green light.
It's popping on and off.
Green light, thousand ninety seven votes, everything.
It's popping on and off.
When you know something, maybe it's finger popping time.
I think it's valid.
I bet you don't have that.
They're popping it.
And you're dropping it.
There it is.
There it is.
I've updated this thing yesterday.
Oh, thank God.
Just my psychic powers.
I knew that baby was in it.
Pop it up.
Pop it up.
Okay, it's not that bad.
Hank Ballard, by the way, who wasn't Hank Ballard in the Midnighters,
and he writes a twist?
That's a good question, let me see.
I mean, he also recorded it, but obviously Chubby's checker had a big hit.
But I believe Hank Ballard wrote the twist.
He only Hank Ballard that I have in here, but I think you're right.
I'm going to ask him whether you think.
I want you to look it up.
I want you to research it.
I want you to analyze it.
I want you to squeeze it and tease it and tease it.
Let me get off the dove foundation here.
Yeah, get off of that damn dovecrap.
Okay?
It was dove bars, Lecilia.
Especially those dove, the real heavy-duty chocolate ones with the chocolate thick chocolate coating
at about a two-inch coating of chocolate delay running outside.
You know what I'm talking about?
He wrote about the dove bars.
He wrote the twist.
Hank Ballard, yes.
Tony Hank wrote the twist.
The big fat twist.
He's twisting it.
29 past noon at QM.
If you're a cigar smoke, you'd like to kick back with a nice good premium Stogie in your mouth.
Then he is a cigar.
By Tony Borhani is exactly what you've been looking for.
These hard to find cigars are made with first-rate tobacco processed aged up to 10 years.
And he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he had gold, a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar, 15 out of cigar, and cider.
And 9.1 rating by Smoke Magazine.
This rich, flavored well-balanced full-bodied nickel-rug-win cigars got earthy, hint-to-dark-groves coffee.
It's got chocolate, spice and pepper flavors.
Also, we should have tried it, but he had the say-o, the hottest release cigar in the last ten months.
It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar, fizzy and autosugar insider.
The say-o is a powerful cigar.
It'll just tear your kishis out, man, and all the internal linings of your stomach.
With complex notes of leather, earth, and pepper, the finish is long and full-bodied, with additional spice and anode of charred wood.
If you want to get yourself 40% off on all the heist cigars, when you call, be sure and mention my name.
Just tell them that old meal risers totally decolored you get 40% off.
1-800-35-5-5-BAH-I-A.
This is meal risers.
This is 5.16-Q-A-A.
There's a butt-ass smell.
Get a reek from our skin saw, right out of my tone, feel on me, ho.
Us many fillies, nothing boys, wait me only the house ill just enjoy white ball.
And now just a memory, tell her it.
And a reek doesn't ever do nothing.
We'll get lost some damn separate.
Get a reek from our skin saw.
I'll play Kishin' really?
Well, hell, yes I do.
I'll play Kishin' to vote all your time to it.
And all your stuff, well, say oh, he's a ho.
I'll play Kera Vays.
Take him Kera Vays.
I'm a BGL player, will you?
This killer, we go up in saw, it's the damn thing I ever saw.
He all runs with delicious goofy dogs, and he's never had them in New York so change.
He'll mind running in a lawyer.
We don't believe that you're a monkey band.
No sign of it, no faith, things that I've read.
Kera Vays, don't get solved.
H-I-I-L-L-A-R-Y.
Kera Vays.
Kera Vays.
It's 1116, that's our number on a poll right now, 1116.
1235 on a clock, 1116 on a poll.
Any other numbers we need?
I don't know, some are going.
Who best fits this, a celebrity who became even bigger after their death, Elvis 257 James Dean 233.
Boy, could he act or not?
No, not even a little bit.
Merleman Rowan 15, Jesus 105, he's right on Merleman's butt.
2-pack 95, Kurt Cobain 67, and Jesus 16, Jean Noemarie Magdalene.
Jimmy Henry 57, Rady Ray Gunn 53, Buddy Holly 38, Richie Valens has got, look what Richie Valens got.
Lenny Bruce 27, Jim Croci 18, Janice Joplin 13, and the big boppers got only 8, that's because probably nobody knows who that is.
And rightfully so.
And I still don't think he belongs on there, because who'd Oliver, you know, other than you, who played that record, right?
Me? No, I was it.
I don't think he even belongs on there.
Although I will say he did, probably became a little more famous after the plane crash.
Probably.
He's about to catch the climb.
Does he know?
What?
I don't know.
He's not in the plane crash at all.
Is he behind the door?
Are you crazy?
No, from Patsy Climb.
Get out of here.
I know the phone, but I don't know about her life.
But she died in the plane crash for a pasty climb.
Oh, look at this.
Capital police told the news conference at 130.
All right.
To continue to tell us that nothing wrong with you.
I go to pieces.
Hopefully, your plane blows up.
He's mad.
That's bad.
Oh, look at this capital building we opened after another lockdown.
It's reopened.
So would you put her music under oldies or country?
Both.
That's not the answer I wanted.
Well, there was a crossover said, put her music under oldies.
All right.
She had a tremendous number of pop hits, man.
Patsy Climb.
I don't want to hear them all, but I mean,
I don't want to hear them all.
I hear a brain pad all.
When you hear that, what?
Say what?
I said, is your brain supposed to pop when you hear that?
When you hear what?
Patsy Climb.
I don't know what he said.
I think it's like he's speaking very sound.
He's exactly what I was going to say.
He's doing very sound or speak.
What the hell is that?
I was ripping Patsy Climb because I think it's awful.
Hey, you better know your country music star is Mr.
because you sure his hell don't.
That's right.
You sound crazy to me.
Now, it was a really big hit, Patsy Climb.
Here it is.
You're always big here.
You're too hard.
Well, then there's only one more I haven't played for the, uh, what's that?
And here it is.
Name this tune.
I've got you picked it.
Oh, I don't know what that is.
You're here.
She's got you.
That's it.
I think crazy was the big hit.
Crazy.
And he's picking on a dead bra, man.
That's really bad.
You know that all the time, just a nasty, unhelp bastard.
Patsy Climb, let's see.
Tom Clay.
Oh, he's dead.
Boy, he died law in 95, 866.
Tom Clay.
He did what the world needs now.
His love Abraham Martin and John.
Vocal accompaniment by the blackberries.
Walking after midnight, I fall to pieces crazy.
And he's got you.
Oh, walking after midnight.
Did you play that?
No, I don't think I have that.
Oh, well, that's the one I remember best.
Although crazy was her biggest hit.
But it was all of them.
But on the country charts, man, she was huge Patsy Climb.
And I would agree with you.
She wasn't much.
Like most of them countries singers, she was like,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Right.
Like in great.
She weren't no Johnny Cash.
Oh, she went to No Marty Robbins.
I'll tell you that with his white coat and a sport coat of pink
hernation.
1127 votes on a pool.
I might sneak another caller to him here before two o'clock.
You never know before that sound.
Infects and infest your radio.
During the break, I want you to walk down a hall, go run outside.
And then the parents' office and fart a lot.
Just right outside his door.
Especially if the door is open.
Just stand the standard and squeeze like this like crazy.
Yeah.
Right.
And then run away real fast like, you know.
Oh, my God.
That's my message for you, Clarence.
You idiot.
You fairy.
The assassin.
I thought Pete Boulder was bad.
See, just now in these last couple of days,
we're starting to find out what's really going on at place.
And when we got that message from no less than authority
than Robert Grieper yesterday, that Joe Bell was in a meeting with Clarence
and Bruce Beasley.
At that point, we knew that we were all done.
The jigg is up as they say.
Who's the one who's saying they open scenes?
The jigg is up.
Capital police holding out the news conference at 130.
And I guarantee you will be as at least as illuminating as the previous one.
In fact, the Illuminati are going to be an honor.
Now, who were the other ones before the Illuminati?
The now the Knights Templar.
That's right.
Knights Templar, Illuminati.
And then, of course, all those Masons, all those Stone Masons,
Stone Basins, right?
We'll be doing that club.
Bring your enjoy.
I wonder if George Washington had a drink through a straw because he had wooden teeth.
Wouldn't you?
1240, 20 before 1.
In fact, you don't worry about the wooden teeth.
Probably after he chapped out a cherry tree.
And of course, Abe Lincoln, we find out now, was gay.
See, nothing is as it appeared.
You know, all this crap with your history books.
We don't know a squad.
We don't even know who did squad.
Oh, representative, Phil, who's locked in his office.
Oh, yes.
We'll be heading out here.
A finalist coward.
Tomorrow, or chicken.
I'm going to get back to California.
Happens to have a primary on June 6th.
That's very important to all of us.
Understandable.
How many staff members do you have there with you?
There's about seven or eight here that we're down to our last nachos and our last pizza combos.
Oh, well, let's get some more representative riveting staff.
Oh, boy.
It's not like a solicitation for me.
You know, that or our last few nachos and pizza stuff pizza thing, whatever you've got.
Call up pizza hut, see if they'll deliver you idiot.
1241, 19 to 1 at 560 W. Kim.
This show today seems like about a 75 hour show, you know.
Yeah, it does.
You know, who I blame for that?
Josh.
Clarence.
Oh, yeah, that's Josh.
You better start stipulating now.
I told you, we got that name problem there.
And I will guarantee that Josh Cortist does not want to be lumped or associated in any way, shape or form.
Without a sasson in there.
At one point, we had four Joshes in this building.
That evil doer.
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home in Bovee, we're overloaded with the McQA man.
We have got some of the worst bugs.
But if you think you might have termites in your home and I was the beginning of termites season,
and every year they start chewing up all the wood in your house and before you know it,
you've got a real mess on your hands.
Before they do that, call Riddit Pest Control.
They ain't get a free termite inspection. Find out.
Riddit Pest Control uses an amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and their eggs.
100% on contact.
They're gone fast and they even say, Joe Bell is a crazy man.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your home and make a circus out of your whole neighborhood.
You don't have to worry about poison as gas, no more do outer staying in hotels or motels.
You don't have to worry about your food or your pests.
In fact, you don't have to worry about anything, even your health.
Because at Riddit Pest Control, they treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
When they're done treating your property, doing everything left behind is a clean set of oranges for a few days.
So if you have a termite problem or think you might have one starting right now,
now is the time to nip it in the bud.
That's what we're going to do with QA and baby.
We've got a crisis.
We're going to nip it in the bud.
Call Riddit Pest Control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs.
Autopresson and contact.
No tending, no kidding, no BS.
In fact, what I want you to do is go out to publics, get a bunch of oranges.
I want you to slice them open and smear them on Clarins' door on his orifice.
Did that all rid it?
And just for a good measure, smear a couple on his rectum too.
Call right now for a female obligation inspection.
Riddit will come there and check it out for you.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
When you call Riddit Pest Control, be sure and tell him that Todd Dreck,
Torted to Call 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neal Roger.
What's called this?
It's 5-69-8-8-8.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I have strong confidence in Don Rums.
So I hear the voices, but I'm the decider.
And I decide what is best and what best is for Don Rumsfeld to remain as Secretary of Defense.
You want me staying here?
I'm not going to dump them.
I don't care what anyone says.
I hate going to bump them.
You want me to accent for screwing up my rack.
But I'm going to keep them for staying on my track.
I know I've kept chaining, who shoots his own buddies.
I know that New Orleans is still pretty muddy.
You say, I'm a moron for a prima donna, but I'm the commander.
I do what I want.
I'm the decider.
I don't have to face straight.
I don't care what you say.
You're not going to stop me.
I'm the decider.
I'm keeping rummage.
I will decide and keep on dividing.
The mind's a final decision.
And Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
Just like Brownie Brown, man, heck of a job.
1248, you're good news for you, by the way.
You're never concerned about me being the fashion plate that I am.
Oh, yeah, I keep a notebook.
And a friend of mine sent me in the mail and UPS,
a bunch of diabetic socks.
What are you laughing about?
They keep you from...
They protect you when you're waiting through sugar.
No, it's even tightstack your candy bar.
Seriously, you never really can't thank me.
No, but I can only imagine that there has to do with the circulation.
That is right.
And they don't leave all those stretch marks on your ankles and think,
Oh, that's right.
That's why I don't wear socks, man.
I don't blame it.
Yeah, because they're too damn tight.
But these, even though you think that they were like loose and would fall down around
your like, you know, your kids where those...
But they're not.
Huh.
But they just don't have any elasticin.
Like, are they a knee socks?
How far up did they go?
No, they're like regular socks, knee socks.
Why do...
Why do I wear knee socks?
They won't...
Would my kids you mean?
They go up to the bag there.
They probably need the pills.
They go up to your crack right up to your...
رack them.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Where with a garter belt?
Yeah, with a garter belt.
and then suspenders.
Well, that's good. I'm just snapping myself. I'm just telling you so I can be real
fashion. That's right. I've got my doctors for old coaches. Right.
I got my sockers and you're still bolted radios for the winter. That's correct.
We're going to do well over 1200 votes today on this poll.
Man, Tony was a good poll that I'd say that yesterday. Yes, you did.
And of course, by the time the weekend is over on Monday morning.
Now that's going to be your assignment. I know you're not too pleased about that.
Now I got something on deck for it. All the stories for the weekend.
So I know I want to overburden Josh because of course it's a holiday weekend.
And he'll be just smashed out of his mind. So I do it.
In fact, you're good to go for tomorrow already, senior.
Well, good. I'll start work out now.
Yeah, I'm still good and let's do some major. Although there will obviously be that.
Don't do that because you know, you say that unless there's something major,
then you'll send me, you know, Tony, not major, but pity.
You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to send you Stan major.
And then I'm going to have him borrow every time you've got it.
And never be about that.
That's what I'm going to do. Send your ass to that major.
No, I started to say there will obviously be at least one more story about this breaking news now,
about this gun situation there in the capital.
No problems in the government. And at the end of the hearing, the chairman,
Frank Hall of us and that informed us we couldn't leave the room.
I was professor Jonathan Torrey that he'd slept in all the time there.
He's testifying if this is a hearing. And they're all locked in there.
I want to give them a bob tour leave.
Look at them all. There isn't one of them does another phone glue to their head.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And then the congressman from California,
giving us the sob story about their down to the last few tacos and pizza shells,
or whatever they're all, oh man. Poor baby.
Yeah, boo, boo. Yeah.
Well, we'll call, well, deliver some takeout for you.
Schmuck, that's right. You jackass. Call. How he's doing.
Yeah. Probably got away. Those are what they're doing locked in that room.
Oh, we know that the camera's working on.
The congresspeople and their staff locked in their room, man.
God only knows and even he's blushing about it. What they'll they're doing.
I guarantee you they're eating more than just tacos in there.
I'm sure. Not yours.
Capital building has been reopened after a second lockdown.
In other words, another false alarm.
Couple of hysterical women. Oh, my God.
You got. But let me say this to you. I mean, obviously it's got across everybody's mind.
If the person they sell with a gun was a plain clothes cop,
wouldn't the person have identified itself and said,
uh, everybody get out of here is no problem.
Yeah. Also, they probably didn't freak out like in his presence.
Lust they be shot. You know, they probably went to another room and then for they probably ran out of their
dad. Right. And made that phone call.
That was a good. I say those bras ought to be on death row right now. I'll pull this watch.
Okay. Yeah. It's like they're running away. Brian, the same crap that she didn't got to say.
Of course, she finally had to reimburse them.
You know, or supposedly someday is going to just like OJ is going to reimburse the browns and the
aggroments. Yeah, right. Just like he's going to reimburse all those people he ripped off in South
Florida, Larry King. Yeah, likely story. You suspend their
cell in the park. That was another fact.
Well, in fact, the other night was it last night he had rummaged fell down there.
Oh, my God. And taped interview that they had. Oh, I watched a couple of minutes here,
a couple minutes here. You talk about shameless, shameless butt kissing,
man. Shameless sucking up. He was touched. Marshmallows in him.
Oh, I just unbelievable. Even the crap people wouldn't have touched him with your hands.
Just listening to the worst swill. And of course, you know, exactly the answers that you'd expect.
Shameless people with no self respect in Larry King is one of them.
Mark and Sandy LaBlanque said they trusted tenant health system Memorial Medical Center to protect his mother,
Elvira when Katrina struck New Orleans. Now they're suing the hospital,
claiming the hospital's negligence led to her death. She died. She died.
They told us they had plans. Sandy LaBlanque, Elvira's daughter-in-law said and
supplies they had extra stuff. We asked if we needed to be concerned about trying to evacuate her.
They said that we didn't need to evacuate her from the hospital. It led to her no need.
And she'd be fine. She'd be. Oh, okay. According to her son,
Elvira LaBlanque 83 was in the seventh floor life care facility at Memorial for treatment for a
urinary tract infection and adjustment of her medications.
Neither which of course are like, you know, an epic of a dear life threatening, etc.
She suffered from Parkinson's disease, but her son, Mark said she was in stable condition.
She went to hurricane hit New Orleans, August 29. In other words, she wasn't dying over there.
But guess what? She did. Aw. About a week later, she was dead.
Despite her family's journey through Katrina's flood waters to evacuate her themselves from the chaos of the cutoff hospital.
The hospital said they couldn't come and aid patients medical condition because of privacy rules.
The Elvira's had hired a certified nursing assistant, a CNA to stay with Mark's mother and give her a cell phone so they could keep in touch.
The couple, meanwhile, evacuated northern Louisiana. But soon after Katrina hit they were alarmed by CNA's concerns.
She had frighten her voice saying to the black recording, I asked her, what are they telling y'all?
And they are they saying they're going to evacuate y'all or what? She said, stop saying y'all.
That's not what she said. She said, they're not telling us anything, but I can see out the windows.
So I said, what do you see when you look out the window? And she said, I see water coming up around.
Two days after Katrina hit and Elvira's had broken, Elvira Blank said they had no choice,
but to brave the floods to try to save their mother. An interview with CNN, a couple described the harrowing rescue,
and the heart wrench he's seen inside the hospital. The LeBlanc's scrap supplies made their way back to flooded New Orleans,
where hundreds of thousands of people were stranded without power. They borrowed a boat and Markle Blanc said he was appalled by his mother's condition.
He says he remembered her laying in sweat and muck and yuck. And everybody on the 7th floor chaotic because they didn't know what was going on.
She went laying in sweat and muck and yuck. Yeah, yuck.
Yeah, it's right. He and his wife said Elvira Blank was severely dehydrated and had no IV fluids.
They grabbed her chart, ignored the doctors, and said they couldn't take their mother.
We just shoved her out the window out of their boat and said, we're going, Markle Blanc said.
They promised the staff they'd return to get them and the other patients.
After putting Elvira Blank in an ambulance to baton Rouge, they returned to the hospital like they lived there on Rouge.
I told them when we come back tomorrow, a lot of these people won't be here, sending Elvira Blanc said,
they're going to go to Torschey told her husband. They'll be dead.
And when we got back Thursday, the CNAs come out. They were from life here.
And we saw, I said, what happened to the patients? They said they all died.
Elvira Blank died four days after a sudden rescue to from Memorial Hospital.
The family blanks tenet for her death.
Sanctuary never recovered from the severe dehydration.
They're among seven families suing Memorial Hospital.
Chris Bruno, a New Orleans attorney, represents the families who are assuming says the hospital is responsible for those who died.
Chris Bruno.
Right that name down, okay? I'm going to be needing a real attorney when I see all these bastards here at Beasley.
Banjo Boy Group Inc. when I see clearance personally for stress and for all the other crap that he's doing to try to undermine our show.
That stuff that I heard this morning, you think you understand.
You aren't even close. You're not within a million miles of perceiving just how pissed off and foaming it to mouth I am.
All right. What if I stand over here?
This is the cash cow, baby, and this is the one show. And because it's not a sport, you're right, man.
Because it's not a sports show, they couldn't give a flying crap about us.
If it was up to them, they'd find a way for me to do a show without either one of you guys.
Yeah.
In fact, they find a way to do a show. But I ended up three of us.
That's right. Without you two.
The numbers.
If they could have an overview, not even the pain in the ass, that's right.
That is correct.
When there's sports, when there are jock sniffing mentality, man, a bunch of overgrown little children.
Even VUN would be embarrassed to have them understand.
Even Mike Rosenthal wouldn't talk to them. A bunch of quizzlings, a simple little fairies.
257 or QM Capital Hill police and other big press conference at 130 are about nothing.
Maybe they'll tell us what happened to Sean Relieby.
Hope.
Exactly.
That's what's going on.
That's staying cool in that hell house.
Yeah. Well, what is a hot house? Is that like a green house?
Green house.
Yeah.
Green house.
Like the one in the hand that rocks the cradle.
Remember that's right.
And we're Kirk Cobain bluest brains out there in that movie.
And I still say that Rebecca D. Moore and Taylor Sike is slightly more attractive Hillary Clinton.
Not much more, but slightly more.
You're not far off.
What's better than staying cool, comfortable all summer long and all year long and so forth?
How about getting an instant $200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five-star edition of the carrier and federal system?
You can get this fabulous system in town from Royce, Aaron Heat, where they've been taking care of track county area families for three long, amazing generations
and doing this to punish job of it too.
As a carrier factory authorizes either Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by carrier
the people who had invented air conditioning in the first place and now have come up with something new and even more exciting.
They carrier infinity system.
This one performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjust itself to make sure that you're getting maximum efficiency from it.
And don't forget to maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner.
Join the Royce Aaron Heat Comfort Club twice a year that will inspect and tune up your system.
You'll enjoy a priority, same day service and 10% off a needed repairs.
All of these things, all of this, or just a 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two-speed infinity system with Pureon or peace of mind with a Comfort Club,
either way make the smart choice, the Royce choice or ROI CE Royce Aaron Heat.
That's 1-800-377-0075.
That's carrier turned to the experts by calling Royce at 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Not just the 1-2 hour, it's a phenomenon.
I'm dying out of here.
That's a loo-doo.
You ferry.
Anybody here?
Seen Jack Ed from home.
If his orange jumps you'd effort our arms.
He's ruled out of people's feet sometimes get gone.
A guy with the right things near home.
He's a tall, black dude.
He works in some people.
In other words, you be any body of.
We say, you talk to me.
You're the stealth of our joy.
These guys are the size they've longed can't pay why.
They've grown up, doubt them, and don't.
I just sent you a good close-person friend in the journey and email.
You know what I told him?
I give up.
He had emailed and said he was going to call me a two-day update on the latest madness.
I just don't deal with it.
On September 29, 2003, three days after it became known that the CIA had asked the Justice Department to investigate.
Who leaked the name of the CIA officer's valery claim?
The anxious Robert Novak, Nazi and Chief, telephone one senior adviser Carl Rove to a sure-rove,
that he would protect him from being harmed by the investigation, according to people with first-hand knowledge of the federal grand jury testimony of both men.
Suspicious that Robert Novak might have devised a cover story during that conversation to protect Rove,
federal investigators briefed an attorney general, John Ascroft, on the matter in the early stages of the investigation in fall of 2003,
according to officials, would direct knowledge of those briefings.
Ascroft over saw the CIA claim leak probe for three months until he'd be accused himself,
and loudspecial prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald to be named to take over the investigation on December 30, 2003.
Sources said Ascroft received a special briefing on the highly sensitive issue of the September 29 conversation between Novak and Rove,
because of the concerns federal investigators that a well-known journalist might have been involved in an effort not only to protect the source,
but also work in tandem with the President's Chief Political Advisor to stymie the FBI.
What was I telling you about how Bob Novak belongs on death row?
I agree.
Rove testified to the grand jury that during his telephone call with Novak, the columnist said words to the effect,
you're not going to get burned and I don't give up my sources, according to people familiar with his testimony.
Rove had been one of the two senior administration officials who had been sources for the July 14, 2003 column in which Novak outed claim as an agency operative.
Rove and Novak had talked about claim on July 9.
Just five days before Novak's column was published.
He was the Pimp, man. He was the Pimp. Just like Joe Bell is the Pimp?
Yeah, by the way, if you should hear something like a...
And the line go dead, it's because we're going through a really severe thunderstorm right now.
Too bad.
Just I didn't warn you.
If I had a line go dead, I'll just get out of here.
Okay, I'll just bail out.
1179 votes, we're going to do well over 1200 on the poll today. That's pretty good, huh?
And pretty good feather in our camp.
And of course, who the hell is around now anyway? It's Memorial Day holiday weekend, right?
Right, everyone's bugging out.
Everybody's getting out of town and good...
Be safe, have a good time, get out.
You two are on my go away.
Don't be calling me. I just told him I'm not going to answer the phone at 2 o'clock.
He's going to call me at 2 and...
And just ruined my life that much more.
Give me all I had to do.
I don't want to do it.
I don't want to be hash all day.
In addition to which, you know, after the horse is already seven miles down the road,
you know I'm talking about dragging your feet and just letting things drag on
and get to a point of just absolutely insanity.
Just forget about it.
I know I sure will. Come to a clock. I'm forgetting about it till Tuesday at 10.
Now wait till you hear this story. Imagine an invisibility cloak that works just like the one that Harry Potter inherited from his father.
Did you see this story?
No.
Researches in England and the U.S. think they know how to do that.
They're laying out the blueprint for developing the exotic materials needed to build a cloak.
They'll make you invisible just like Raymeland.
Oh, I don't think it was Raymeland.
I thought Raymeland for years.
Cloud rains, the invisible man. Why do I keep saying Raymeland?
I don't know. You got a...
Raymeland for it.
Oh wait a minute. I watched his facts.
Oh, it's a schedule for next week. Oh, well I wouldn't time that forehead.
I should took a long time.
I beg your pardon? Put that in there half hour ago.
Well, it's just coming over right now man.
Oh, I fact out of paper and that machine man.
Oh no. I'm all in flames.
Oh no.
Okay.
There we go.
Okay, you don't need to aid that stupid ass music. I'm right here.
Everything's under control.
Look at this Monday.
George and Tendonoon. Oh!
Oh my God.
Orlando noon before at Kendall Toyota.
You're old Alma Mater.
Without Mark Jacobson you can be sure of that.
And without Don Cox you can be very sure of that.
Rest in peace.
You see that?
That's it.
And then what we got to rest of the way.
Look at that.
What did I tell you?
Every single day next week.
Two days through Friday from 2 to 4 we got.
No! No! No! No! No! No!
And you want to know why that's just the personal zets to me is what that is.
It's just a personal shot.
When you know something clearance, let me say it again.
And I've said this before.
Half kiddingly, half seriously.
He and I are done.
Finished.
Finito.
There will never be another verbal exchange between that creature.
That piece of walking turret and yours truly.
Under no circumstances.
You can you can mark it down.
You can mark down one on nine on Friday, May 26th.
And you could write it in blood.
You can contact the Illuminati.
Okay. Anywhere.
Can I get back to the story about the invisible cloak?
Please.
The keys are a special man made materials unlike any in nature or the hog warts school of witchcraft and wizardry.
It's headed to steered light in other forms of electromagnetic radiation around an object.
Rendering it as invisible as a whole in space.
They were seeing invisible hole.
Yeah.
You fall right into it without even noticing.
Yeah.
That's what does it.
Welcome.
Is it science fiction?
Well, let's theory that already is not science fiction.
It's theoretically possible to do these things.
But what's standing in the way is our engineering capabilities?
So John Pendery, a physicist at the Imperial College.
Details of the study which Pendery co-wrote appeared to the yesterday's online edition of the journal science.
Scientists not involved in the work that it presents a solid case.
Brock solid for making invisibility and attainable goal.
All right.
Pendery and his co-authors are proposed using meta materials because they can be tuned
to band electromagnetic and visible light, for example, in any direction.
Do you understand this?
They're more or less.
It's like that.
Huh?
I'll believe it when I don't see it.
Like a river streaming around a smooth border light in all other forms of electromagnetic radiation,
which is simply flow around it, continuing on as if it never bumped up against an obstacle.
That would give an onlooker right?
What does it say?
What is something missing here?
Right through the cloak where everything tucked inside can see from view.
I like that.
They're continuing it from view.
Yeah, you're right.
Sounds like a much a hoochess focus to me.
And who now cares about Harry Potter anyway?
Except a much of stupid little punky kids.
I think Harry Potter is evil.
I think that the anti-coronating.
I'm going to call that dove foundation.
Call the dove foundation, tell me before they worry about any TV programs.
They have to take care of that little bastard Harry Potter.
Hey, Harry.
You're fairly.
Yeah, rhymes with Harry.
Piece of crap.
Yeah, I think today we have reached a watershed moment in the history of this show.
Speaking of that thunderstorm?
Yeah.
That's what it is.
Well, God is pretty pissed off, man.
He's pissed off a clearance.
Wouldn't surprise me if a bolt of lightning goes right up to the front.
Right.
Between now and last five minutes after that.
If I was him, I'd be real, real nervous next time I started my car.
You know what I mean?
All hint of a lightning rod.
Yeah.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Who best fits this?
We have 1189 on the pool.
We'll be over 1200 in the shake of a lamestail.
Not two shakes, one shake.
Who best fits this?
A celebrity who became even bigger after their death.
No matter how big they were, or bigger they were.
During life, even bigger after death.
11, 273.
James Dean 238.
Those two seem to be off to the races together.
Jesus 135.
Jesus was making a big move and then he kind of got stalled.
Merleman row 116.
Two pack 100.
Kurt Cobain 69.
Jimmy Hendrick 60.
Ronnie Reagan 57.
Buddy Holly 39.
Richie Vellan's 33.
Lenny Bruce 27.
Jim Croci 19.
Janice Joplin 18.
13.
And a big bopper 11.
See after I said anything belonging on it, then I started voting for him.
Just to make me look bad.
Let's write.
Kind of like clearance, you know.
Just trying to sabotage the show.
Just trying to dittle with our efforts, with our hard work.
12 minutes after 1 at 560 W.
Here we got Geldy.
Get used to a man.
Look out that next week's schedule.
Now you got Geldy up here, a real speaker.
Oh my god, you're going to have to be squeaking up a story.
If you love voting, that's a given in some photo.
Well, if you ever thought about buying a vote, stop.
And call Tabnotico at 1-800-Bolt rent right now.
Why would anybody in their right mind want to pay all the expenses of owning a vote
and go through the headaches when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
This is a smart way to get on the water and you water.
Join the club Tabnotico.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
You'll be amazed as to how easy it is.
No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, no hurricane preparation,
and hurricane season by the way begins next week.
With a vote from Tabnotico, it's totally stress-free and truly affordable too.
It's the fun way to get out of the water.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent, no getting the vote ready because Tabnotico doesn't for you.
No cleaning up either.
All of these things.
A Tabnotico just hop on your vote, go have a wonderful time when you're done pulling the dock.
You'd often say, hey, are you take care of it and walk away?
That's simple.
Tabnotico, 1-800-Bolt rent is the number to call from unlimited voting to pay as you go.
From small votes to your charters and everything in between.
These are the people you want to be talking to.
Tabnotico, call 1-800-Bolt rent and let Tabnotico Taylor a plan to fit what you need and your budget to.
Get on the water today.
The smart, the hassle-free way with Tabnotico, 1-800-Bolt rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 162-A-S.
Are you bastard?
Every time they see that we're lacking it's the phone.
Pay for a bad headlight that will be you by the phone.
You say it and say it's the one you get.
Now they have only one thing.
Taylor, hey, don't put your glasses down.
We got them.
Now they are hoping and saying, you got them.
We won't let them stop all.
We got them.
Where is this one thing ever?
Absolutely.
You say my 11 is what they got you to be.
Can't get any better than a whole party country to be.
You believe what they say, like they call it a fool.
I say you the point is, I'm staring at a state.
So they call it a fool.
We'll be a lecture, but we got them.
We'll just try and think what they got us.
Just don't want your needs to die.
1-19-A-Q-I-M.
I think what they've done is given it to him.
I think that's what it boils down.
We keep taking these polls.
They don't want to hear that sound.
That is correct.
My small audience.
They can rot.
They should rot.
They will rot.
I realize we have this very important press conference coming up.
A staffer for Congressman Kingston, the Republican of Georgia,
was taken to the hospital during the Rayburn lockdown.
The statement from Rayburn's office seems to confirm reports that staffers
encountered a man.
They believed to be armed and wanted to build in gymnasiums.
A statement from Congressman David Al follows.
Al, whatever they meant.
This morning, a member of Congressman Kingston's staff was in the House staff gym
when the Rayburn House office building was put under the lockdown due to alleged gunshots.
Under guidance of law enforcement officials, the staffer was taken via ambulance
to the hospital to with not injured or shot just a little shaken up out of the circumstances.
We've been in contact with our colleague and she's doing well.
Congressman Kingston's where the situation.
He's encouraged us to remain cooperative with the Capitol Police as they work to resolve the situation.
The House staffed him on the second floor of the parking garage in the Rayburn office building,
which is five floors below Congressman Kingston's orifice.
How do you like that?
So she said, that's what it's all about so far.
No shooter, nobody, nobody got shot, no blood, no or nothing.
A zombie interactive poll finds that US voters are more distrustful than ever
of political and corporate leaders.
Only 3% believe Congress is trustworthy.
7% think business leaders are.
Only 24% say President George W. Bush can be trusted and 29% trust the courts.
The poll was commissioned by Jim Lickman, an ethics specialist whose latest book is,
What do you stand for?
3 out of 4 respondents said they trust politicians less than they did five years ago, 3 out of 4.
75% of those polls said their friends, neighbors and co-workers are trustworthy.
And an overwhelming majority, 97% describe themselves as trustworthy.
Right.
Right.
I guess we never worked with those people, huh?
No, they got a great sense of humor though.
I'd like to meet a water marms your clowns.
Oh, oh, wait a minute.
To the shooting that the US Capitol back on July 24, 1998,
and when two Capitol police officers were killed, they were only here out there
and they were like, hey, I want to be around right now.
Anywhere on Capitol Hill, and that's the reason they're taking the abundance of caution,
they're just making sure that they cross all the tees and dot all the eyes
and make sure that everything is searched before they give the all clear.
Right, bro, thanks so much.
I'd be put a boop at about very nothing going on.
Now, speaking of things going on, when you hear this,
and I keep asking myself, 2,500 innocent people
and plus the 1,000, 10s of 1,000, maybe 100,000 Iraqis, who did it?
They should have thought that all did for this.
Gunman and Baghdad killed the coach of the Iraqi National Tennis Team
and two players, you wonder why they killed them?
I don't know, wrong religion.
Reportedly for wearing Western-style tennis shorts.
Ah!
And a Iraqi Olympic official said today,
the coach who's saying Ahmed Rashid was murdered along with two of his players
outside his home in the Capitol Southern Al-Sadiya neighborhood yesterday.
A witness who asked not to be named said the shorts' class tennis players
had just let some laundry at the cleaners when Gunman stopped their current
asked him to step out of the vehicle.
When they, when two did so, they were shot in a haid.
The third person was then dragged from the car,
thrown on the bodies of his teammates in shot as he lay on the ground.
The gunman then kicked the corpses before stealing the car and making the escape.
He added that fundamentalist had been distributing leaflets recently warning residents of the area
not to wear shorts, don't wear shorts or...
...not being.
The incident was a number of...
A number of...
At least of a number of recent attacks started in the athletes in Iraq.
Lastly, 50 members of the Iraqi Taqwondo team were kidnapped between
Fallujah and Ramani, west of Baghdad,
as they returned from a tournament in neighboring Jordan.
Their abductors have since demanded a hundred grand in ransom.
In February, a former Iraqi wrestling champion was gunned down in front of his family
in the southern port city of Vazra.
But don't wear those shorts.
We have it, you don't have that song.
Short shorts.
Who the hell did that?
The teens, the something teens.
Short shorts, probably.
Who wears shorts?
Do you remember that song?
Yeah, I do. I'm looking for it.
I'll look it up at the book.
No, I got short.
Well, that's probably obscure.
You know, about your chicken, I can remember that, though.
Who wears shorts?
Shorty swing my way.
What the hell is that?
I'll tell you who don't wear the short shorts is the Iraqi's baby.
You don't wear the short shorts or a thing.
Let's see, short shorts.
Oh my god, there's a song.
I can't say it on the air.
The world teens, yeah, I told them it was something.
350 in short shorts.
There was a song in 1995 by 20 fingers featuring Jalette.
And I can't, short, f*** man.
Okay.
What's the word in middle?
Because of the D as in tiny.
Cheers, I can't read that on the air.
No.
We'll get joist, we'll get clearest, we'll get the bamboozled, we'll get like findeted.
And all kinds of stuff.
26 after one.
Now, let's see that press conference coming up.
I'm sure that.
In communal update, John, I just talked to the top law enforcement source who says that they are winding down the search.
The source tells us that they are almost finished.
We don't have a lot of people.
There's nobody got shot.
There's nobody.
There's nobody.
There's nothing going on.
Just a couple of hyperventilating women just getting all hysterical.
Oh my god, somebody's better than that.
And you know, like that.
God, they swooned.
Exactly.
They swooned rhymes with moon.
26 after one, a QM at the melting pot.
Wow, fondue will make you forget about all your tourists.
Because fondue becomes a memorable four-course dining experience where you can really dip into some fantastic goodies.
You'll enjoy a variety of unique, contrase and special melting pot dipping sauces.
You'll start your dinner out with the melting pot.
You'll now cheese fondue, served with three different breads, gratis, with apples and crisp veggies.
In fact, stick your thumb in a cheese fondue and just suck on it all day long.
Next, it choices salads all with the melting pot, homemade dressings.
Your own trays include lobster, filet, manion, shrimp, cajun, seasoned chicken, pork, portabellor, shrooms, duck and more cooked in oil or broth.
And the melting pot dipping sauces are like nothing you've ever had before.
That's how good they are.
And for dessert, beyond description, no matter how good your verbal abilities may be, you can't describe how great the chocolate fondue is.
You have to taste it for yourself.
If your fresh fruits in that chocolate fondue, your strawberries, dip your banana in there, your pineapple too.
And your cheesecake and brownies topped off with tasty marshmallows rolled in crust oryos and graham crackers as well.
There are melting pots all over town.
Why not take the whole gang for a real treat this weekend to a melting pot?
Not just another restaurant, but a real experience.
There's a pot in Fort Lauderdale, Coral Springs, Wilka, Ritone, and North Miami Beach Cooper City and a melting pot in prestigious Kendall too.
This is Neal Roger. What solid mist is 5.62 pages?
The world is a place where you won't go to hell with your style.
The world is a place where you'll be wasted and caught.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
How do you ask that, part of the world you're gonna go to?
The world you're gonna go to is a place that never goes out.
Right now, make it a place that handles the stars.
This is where the stars will rip all their blood off.
Bang, bang, bang, change the flag, do you think?
The world is a place where you'll be wasted and caught.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
How do you ask that, part of the world you're gonna go to?
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
And where you'll be ruined and be trapped.
Who is this land?
This is part where we'll be ruined and be trapped.
You're broke.
Okay, so we're still waiting breathlessly that latest Capitol Hill news conference about the police.
Are you breathless about it?
There's that bitch that Kira Phillips man, oh brother.
Can we get her in Denibash like our in Get Him in Real Tide, right?
That's him.
CBS Corp said today that serious satellite radio will pay CBS $2 million
as part of the settlement of a lawsuit against serious and the South
described King of all media Howard Stern in the statement CBS said the payment is related
to the transfer of rights to the recordings of the Howard Stern show.
CBS said other terms of conditions of the settlement were confidential.
Remember that song you got that by Sunday night?
That's one of my favorite songs.
In fact, I got it here somewhere, but I sure don't have time to look for it.
Because chicken I put it on a CD for me long time ago.
Oh no, I can't believe this.
Oh my God.
That's what you got records says in what's that?
You'll be getting that in the, uh, not this diplomatic card for the next one.
I love that.
For my all these fold.
Okay, that's enough.
Good song.
I invented Josh Hates it though.
You know, I think before 1997 he just hates it.
Yeah.
That's why I'm going to watch it in the shadows of Motowns because I just hate everything.
I'm still waiting for you to watch it.
I'll watch it this weekend.
You're gonna, you're gonna, you're sure you might have, you could have, you're a busy man.
Okay, I'm going to watch it this weekend.
No, you're not.
Yeah, I am.
You got plenty of time to go watch an ad.
Just getting, getting the mood.
Getting the mood for what?
For the hosting movie?
I thought you were going to play like the jingle first.
CKLW Motownsound.
But you didn't.
Bad part.
Okay, that's enough.
You know, barricading me would have bad, um, timing and all of this stuff.
Very bad.
Yeah, it is.
We're still waiting in the Capitol Police News Conference and if it's nearly as illuminating
as one hour and a half ago, you aren't going to learn squad.
Of course, there's not really squad to learn because nothing happened.
Somebody just got all panicky and got, and wasted all the taxpayers' money.
And she should be there.
Oh, there she is.
There's one of them.
I'm the stretcher.
There's an ambulance.
Yeah, she's swooned.
She looks like she's swooned.
Looks to me like somebody swooned all over.
From 124 votes on the poll, somebody more famous.
So, everybody became even bigger and more famous after death than during your life.
112-83.
Let's go to Graceland.
What do you say?
With Paul Simon.
Uh, James Dean 248.
Jesus 142.
Merlin Monroe 117.
I mean, during his life, Jesus was just a schlepper.
Look at now.
Yeah, he's bigger than God.
2Pak 100.
Did I say Merlin Monroe 117?
Kirchhobein 71, Jimmy Henry 63, Ronnie Ray Gunn 57, Buddy Holly 40, Richie Van Lund's 34, Lenny
Brewery still 27.
That's because nobody has thought it says any ID who that is.
Jim Croci 20, Janice Joplin 13, and the big Bopper is still stuck there 11.
Oh, wait a minute.
We're going to be right to the Capitol Police and the young friends.
That's the nighter is starting right now.
I'm the Sergeant Kimberly Schneider.
I'm the Public Information Officer for the United States Capitol Police.
This is our second briefing of the day.
I've heard from you.
We've been about 12 noon today.
I just want to give you an update, but I'm going to start with the background first.
Someone who may not have been here earlier.
At approximately 10.30 this morning, the Capitol Police received a call in for the report of gunfire in the Rayburn garage.
Since then, the Capitol Police has employed several tactical teams, additional officers to methodically search the Rayburn building, which is still in lockdown.
I'll take any questions you have at this time.
We have no reports of injuries at this time.
Somebody was taken out of the gurney with that piece of panic attack.
The report that I have that an individual was taken out on a gurney as a result of a panic attack.
This is probably because of the incident.
Yes, it's a stressful incident.
A lot of people are still wondering what's going on.
And the answer to that is the Capitol Police is thoroughly, methodically investigating, searching the building with all of our experts in tactical teams.
The original report was a call into the Capitol Police.
I don't have any further information.
Is that the only report?
I don't have any information on that at this time.
Oh, all right.
But a beep, but a boop, but a bob, that's it, man.
Just keep writing that on your wrist, just like the guy in Momento.
Just keep writing that down.
But a beep, but a boop, that's what it's all about, it's a bunch of crap.
My boy, sure, let's start at noon.
In fact, the first stuff started at 10.30 this morning.
The first press conference was at noon.
And I used to turn press conference loosely.
So for like three hours now, man, it killed some good time.
It was an accident, but nobody got hurt, you know?
Like a Godfather.
Governor Arles Schwarzenegger will veto legislation that would require public school instructional materials
to contain discussions about the contributions of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people
if the bill reaches his desk.
He will veto it.
He spoke some insidious today.
The statement from the governor who rarely takes positions on bills until they pass the legislature,
doom is a measure which also prohibits teaching or textbooks that reflect adversely on people
because of their sexual orientation, like that freaking Michelangelo.
They didn't have ladders that high back in those days, but he just could float right up there
to the top of the Sistine Chapel.
He flew right up and had a steady hand.
The issue for the governor is he is not supportive of the legislature micromanaging curriculum
as Adam Mendelson, the GOP governor's communication director.
California has got an 18-member standards board that is a national model for looking at curriculum
Mendelson said, the governor just believes it's not the legislature's job to determine curriculum.
Backers of the bill bother to continue pushing it through the legislature.
The legislature cleared the 40-member senate two weeks ago on a voter 22-15 after a sometimes emotional debate.
We're going to keep this going. The governor is clearly doing preliminary electioneering,
and I think it's kind of cowardly to do it on the backs of gay and lesbian kids.
Said the bill's office sender Sheila Kool, Democrat of Santa Monica.
Opponents of the bill argue that it promoted homosexuality.
It was unnecessary because local school districts can voluntarily offer instruction about gays, like Ms. Fudge, for example.
How many famous gays can you really name, speaking of gay history?
J. If we talked about the music industry, it would be here all day.
Elton John, Michaelins, I'm talking about people out of a closet.
Yeah, Tom Cruise, David Bowie, McDougroom, but then they went back into the closet.
Yeah. Or they got better. I think they outgrew it.
Is that what it is? They got cured? They took the care.
Everyone from the age.
Everyone from the age. They got a manicure.
That's kind of cute.
Yeah, that's what you do. That's the cure for that.
What do you talk about all the manicures? You're fairy.
Maybe I'll give me a pedicure.
Oh, no, that's only for the priests. That's for the pedophiles, the pedicure.
You have a pedicure and it'll make you a vegetarian.
Maybe we can get the cure from Gary Sarner.
Now, it's four hours later and I'm just curious.
So, given any thought as to what the hell he was talking about.
I think my guess is the right one.
We had a sales hole in there this morning talking, double talk man, even Al Kelly, the late Al Kelly, the great double talker.
Even he would have been just amazed and...
He would have been impressed.
Yeah.
I probably would have borrowed some of that material.
Good God.
But I'd be...
But I'd be like that.
And the beat goes on and the new guy, man, he is seriously.
He is as clueless as anybody.
I've been in the radio business since I was 17 years old, 45 years.
And I've worked for some good people.
I've worked for some kind of like, you know, middle of the road and for some real idiots.
This guy is as clueless as anybody I have ever encountered in my life.
He is little boy lost, you know?
But thanks for those dinner certificates, man, I really need it.
That's what I really need from QAmen for management is somebody to buy me dinner, you know?
Don't you think?
Well, you look like you've missed a lot of meals there.
Yeah, I look like I've missed a lot of meals and with the palm tree bucks that I make,
and how can I afford to buy my own dinner?
That's what really impresses me.
He's getting certificates in the mail to the house for free dinners.
It is just...
But the search continues by the way at DC.
He's not done.
The gym?
I don't know how many floors of the Rayburn building have been cleared at this time, but we are going through it as we speak right now.
Yes.
They could have gone through the Vatican and read all 50 miles of those books that nobody has looked at in all those years.
They could have read them all between that and whenever it was now.
They're just acting very deliberately and just a little like our management, just a little slow.
This is meal Roger.
I like how I'm a camp, a little bit slow.
This is 5.62.8.
I can't pay this.
Welcome to another edition of Inside Life with Fort Horde.
Dray Stan nasal mist is our guest today.
Yelp Dre.
Yo.
Would you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on over and under and under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those NCI spots?
And they say you're getting close to sign in that contract.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
We'll be back with more Inside Lifeless Sport Hold.
Have a million dollar weekend WQAM 56
We're looking for a leader, if we knock on tree hulks, we're even at the red flag in the orange turns to stone.
Looking for somebody dumb enough to take it on, we're not the collection, we need to run straight strong.
Walking up on our people, there's someone who's straight and strong, you need it from determination, and I'm broken in world, gone.
One more time, one more time, can I hold you here for a while?
Maybe it's a woman, or a life after all.
Maybe it's so far off, but it seems to me through your, maybe it's cold out right where he's gone wrong.
Walking in here, one last time, and we got to sleep here now.
Now we got our election, but corruption has a chance, we've got to have a clean win, so we ain't confident.
We're looking for a leader, in this country for a while.
We're looking for a leader, with a great feeling in our hands now.
Looking for a leader, with a great feeling in our hands now.
We're looking for a leader, with a great feeling in our hands now.
We're looking for a leader, with a great feeling in our hands now.
Why nohood, I just came up with the idea, man, a brainstorm, aren't you?
That's what it is.
What is the government?
He's a government, either that or...
Yeah, that's where Gildi's the DC government, he's killing us, I'll take that.
How many votes we got on the pool?
I think we're closing it on 1300.
12, 24, on a holiday weekend, Friday, no less.
I think that's a real feather in our crap, don't you?
That's something.
In the meantime, all this DC at the Capitol, but it would be like I said nothing.
I don't know, I guess I got time, because I was going to do this yesterday, and I got sidetracked.
It's your fault.
I don't.
Smith Center, Kansas, oh, I can only imagine.
The land is flat, the roads are straight and churches are plentiful to this town of 1800 people,
near the geographic center of the West A's lower 48 states.
So here in traditional Kansas, the recent purchase of land by representatives of the Maharishi Mahajyogi,
to build what they're calling a world capital of peace just outside town,
where meditators will send waves of coherence across the country,
as many residents riled and pissed off.
The group plans to spend at least 15 million bucks to a ripe code of 15 buildings
for a retreat, a training center, and residences.
Some people call them a cult, and some little ladies are locking their doors,
a said farmer, Bryce Wheel, 50.
You're in the Bible, belt, and this is a Hindu-based religion.
People don't like that idea.
They don't like them crazy religions in the Bible, but they like their religion.
The Maharishi's followers practice transcendental meditation.
I'm not a liar.
Sightly focusing on a mantra to achieve what they call a state of fear consciousness.
They believe teams got the power to reduce stress and crime,
help, and poverty, and create peace.
Those beliefs are not compatible with Christianity, said Greg Judy,
a faith-temnity Bible church, hey Judy!
You're fairing!
He's one of nine pastors who wrote to the elderly Smith County Pioneer,
warning that they'll compete with what everyone here calls the T.M.ers for residents to journal souls.
Not everyone's upset, Mayor Randy Archer said the town is very divided,
but we're looking at it with open eyes and open minds.
Archer said he doesn't know enough about the T.M.ers to really make any judgments.
People around townies are going to make their own conclusions and so be it.
Burke Cubs, president of the First National Bank, says,
sometimes people forget this country is based on freedom of religion.
Eric Merchner, 54, who's something coordinate the T.M. Projects,
is all his group launches a chance.
Give us a chance to play and give us a chance, give us a chance, give us a chance.
Give us a chance, a peace.
That's it.
Give us a peace.
152 at 560, W.M.
We got a peace coming up.
Got it.
We're clocked.
That's your new 2-4, Godgeld.
You heard it first right here.
He argue horse racing fans and poker players,
Pompadopark racing and poker's got all the gambling action you could possibly want.
You could plunge your guts out there, man, and still have something left over.
Located from just a half mile, both from 95 in the turn,
Pike Pompadopark is easy to get to,
and best of all, Pompadopark features free admission and free general park near every day.
Live harness racing in the smoke-free poker room is open every Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
Poker starts in noon and it's going on right now, goes on till midnight.
And live racing gets underway at late 725 Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
Poker room also features tournament play all day and all night.
And don't miss out on Valor Night Wednesdays when draft beer, sodas, hot dogs, and more.
Just a bucket pee starting at 6 in the PM.
Come out and enjoy a fabulous meal and patents place on the fifth floor.
You can choose from the Chef's Nightly Specials, a great tea-bone steak,
or maybe a giant burger or a chicken sandwich.
Pompadopark of course is also open every day,
seven days and nights a week featuring the best in the cymbal casting.
Harness through a bread and a high lot of actions all across North America.
Feed a watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompadopark of Black South of Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road.
For the career racing and schedule, it's online Pompadopark.com, or on your old phone,
954-972-2000.
This is the meal Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-K-A-
Nothing more than to commit greed, no one's controlling it.
That's everything you let go.
A bit quickly to the sets, now these items dare, are screwing you all.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Open world of little class, the Vatican's right in front of you, you're all supposed to say to push your hands, it's over behind me, behind me, behind me, behind me
Ah, great, great, great, great, great, after the birthday party, hey, raise your price, hide your day life, great, great, great, great, everyone on pay street, pay by the power, that's what they'll shine!
