The music stress on the previous programs are those of the host guests and you're not reflected in the music broadcast group.
It's down to the host guests.
Hey, that echo.
The host, Gally, was reaver.
Couldn't hear it.
Friday, you first day.
You're in stone.
You're back.
You're basic instinct too.
Man, we're going to take you down to our request.
Not now, dear.
My doctor's about to come on.
She's getting older and she's still up to her old tricks.
As a request, ma'am, will you mind if I uncrossed my legs first?
Frankly, ma'am, yes.
Just give me a second.
Oh, my heart is the right.
Is this acting up?
Stop presenting about peace.
I think my knees are not.
I'll say that.
Does anyone have any bang-yee?
Basic instinct too.
The sequel with a few new ringholes.
I see what's wrong.
I need to unstrap my hernia.
Trust first.
I'm down.
Oh, wow.
Hey, it's been a lot of happy Friday to last day at March.
We have to say, have ratings coming out at 11.30.
We were to wear that.
We were only made aware of that.
Just moments before the show.
That's right.
As Clarence is getting together with his little tram for it there.
The Beast and Robert Greeper, although if that's a tram for it.
See, that's one thing about the Beast, ma'am.
He doesn't care what back he stabbed.
He's an equal opportunity stabber.
I don't want to say it was the Beast that revealed it's Robert Greeper that's responsible for having guilty on day after day.
Even though supposedly we have the side who's going to be on two to fold.
I noticed next week we got, who is it, voe from two to four on Monday.
And the whole rest of the week we got this squeaky one.
We're coming to find out that Robert's got his nose in that.
Hell of a surprise, isn't it?
Not.
So 11.30 we got some friends coming out.
Boy, they could really be.
This could be the kiss of death.
Everybody waving those white hankies out the window.
Good.
I snuck this thing out there.
Should we tell the story about how we had a little comfort Thompson in the lunchroom the other day?
Was he yesterday this happened?
Yes.
Several times I think we should tell that story.
I don't think we should get the parties involved.
It's all their version of it, too.
I see.
With the visual.
And Brett, I don't even know what Brett's last name is.
Do you know what his name is?
No, I don't.
Oh.
Brett some salesholding.
Brett from New York who's got a big mouth.
How unusual.
Who talks a big game.
I'm from the U.S.
Yeah.
Brett, Brett, they went down to Bernie Coast, our steakhouse that one night about a month or two ago.
And the demand to have everything for free.
What's for me?
I want this.
I want that.
He and Moa.
I'm surprised.
Leave together.
Because they would have made a good pair.
They're a very demanding guy.
He wanted the biggest salad and the biggest juicy steak.
And he wanted this and he wanted it.
And of course he didn't have any business being in the first place.
So if he's a salesholder, QAM, on that case, they should have charged him double.
Speaking of that, wait here with this story.
And evidently, I just get to feeling the audience hated that story.
Yesterday, I enjoyed it.
And we left a lot of candies off between the new Hershey's and got like, hey, what do they call it?
Five star or five something.
Is that just the name of this five?
Hershey's five?
I don't know.
It's got peanut butter and as soon as I saw peanut butter, I like to put it down.
Right.
And I picked up a Hershey's with almonds and toffee instead.
Good choice.
Didn't go crazy though because he didn't find my Mary Jane's.
He wants the Mary Jane go to George's house.
He's got pounds and pounds of Mary Jane.
I wish.
A quick meal of George Beans neighborhood Burger King in Palm Day, California, Palmdale.
Ended up costing a lot more than he expected.
And we got the bill for $4,334.33.
Being ordered two opera juniors and two rodeo cheeseburger.
Now what else are, that's obviously a California thing.
But what is that?
What is what?
They don't have that at Burger King by anywhere else I've ever seen.
Have you?
What, opera juniors?
No, rodeo cheeseburgers.
Never heard of it.
Well, that must be a California thing.
When he pulled up to the drives through window last week.
The cashier, however, forgot that she'd entered the $4,333 charge on his debit card
and punched the numbers again without erasing the original ones, thus creating a four-figure bill.
Must be a real rocket scientist.
Probably an illegal alien.
Oh-ho.
You like Toronto Charge went through the George and Pat Beans second account to it.
They left a couple penniless.
Their mortgage payment was due and they worried the checks they had written with bounce pat Beans said.
We were thinking, oh no, not now, as she said, they were charged.
Not now, as if any time would be a good time.
Terry Woody, the restaurant manager, said Burger King officials tried to give the charge to be funded,
but the bank said the funds were on a three-day hold and couldn't be released Pat Beans said.
Burger King didn't charge the Beans for their meal and the couple got their $4,334.33 back last Friday.
We could go today for those three days those were the most expensive value burgers in history.
Pat Beans said, how do you like that?
First of all, wouldn't you think that if there was any oversight on that,
that when somebody would put through a charge from Burger King for $4,000,
that somebody would have raised the right fag somewhere?
What kind of a meal are they eating there?
That's a real happy meal.
That's not even a burger king.
That's an unhappy meal.
Yeah, WQAM, hello.
How you doing?
No, I wish you found that pasta a couple years back.
The hell you want.
You're just scratched.
It's one of the things that's so harmful, the tiny.
You could've been faster.
Yeah, pasta, tiny, a lot of pasta, right?
Oh, God.
Yeah, like I said, just keep looking straight down.
Tiny always comes to mind for him.
What's your all-time favorite candy?
What was that to total weight?
1762 votes.
They didn't like that pool.
I don't know what the problem was.
You can just feel it.
You know, you can just smell it.
They'll feel it and know.
They were too busy looking at pictures of Josh Cortes and rubbing themselves
raw over.
What did you guys do?
Snickers, 227.
Wait till I see the naked pictures on there today.
Oh, man.
Scary.
You think that least, you know, all the parts of his body would be the same
flesh tone, or at least relatively speaking.
Snickers, 227, Reese's, 1660.
That right there should have sent me a guy, that pool right off of there.
Should have, should he, should he, he anchored?
M&M 71.
M&M peanut 55.
See, take a look at that.
That's so, you must have here 52, kid kid 52.
Take a look at our top five.
Four.
Other than Snickers, which we all agree everybody loves Snickers, but other than that,
that is so pedestrian.
I mean, people, you gotta try new things, okay?
At the risk of Saudi-Sacrilligious because I like Snickers just fine.
It's overrated compared to some of these other things on there.
You know, when I go into a store and I'm in the mood for a candy bar,
the last, the last thing I want is a Snickers bar.
I'm not saying I haven't had one now or now or now and then, but just,
it just not strikes my fans right now.
I thought my bag, baby.
No, it's not my bag.
I thought I was butter finger.
Butter finger 51 came in seventh.
Hershey bar 48 again.
Very, very, just plain old Hershey bar.
Oh, God.
The vanilla ice cream crowd.
That's what's wrong with the world.
What's wrong with the world?
What's wrong with the world?
What about all the religionists and all the wars and the killing?
It's the, uh, the bland people.
Remember Bobby Blue Blanned?
Mm-hmm.
Let the little girl dance.
Remember that if you don't got that, Bobby Blanned.
And it looks a little girl dance.
What, you got that?
That would be really a hoot.
Do you know what you're more or less?
No.
I'm just telling for title.
I'd say maybe stuff.
Oh, probably a lot of times.
So slow booted up.
I'll enjoy 46.
Twitch 41.
Mounds 40.
It's got coconut.
Chunky 36.
This is going to take a half hour, by the way,
so if it's boring to you, go away.
Heath bar 35.
Baby Ruth 34.
Milky Way 33.
A three.
There it is.
Bobby Blue Blanned.
100 dreams.
Brems with Bobby Blanned.
This is a done.
Billy Blanned.
What does work?
No.
Well, whatever.
16.
See what I'm going to do?
What did I say?
Bobby Blue Blanned.
Nope, what I say to you, you're one.
60 something.
I said 60.
All right.
Well, 60.
Oh, and you know what I filed yesterday?
Which is terrible.
I actually had one.
Mars Dark.
That sucks.
Okay.
That's kind of a Mars Bar.
It doesn't have a nut in it.
Right?
Sometimes you feel like a nut.
But because you know.
Right.
It was kind of like a time green bar, but you didn't even have one nut.
Mars Dark.
It had nothing to do with a Mars Bar.
That was crap.
I feel ripped off.
I feel violated.
Milky Way Dark 28.
Turtle 27.
Score 27.
What's it going to call it?
26.
No catch 23.
Lickery 23.
I don't need candy.
22 liars.
Liars.
Pay the 22.
Cadbury 22.
I hate this poll.
20.
Multimilt balls.
20.
Raisin S19.
Clark Bar 18.
Mars Bar 18.
I don't have time to go down this poll list.
I'll just do the double-duzard ones.
Okay.
And Mary Jane, by the way, hit only seven.
Boy, boy.
What is wrong with the world, you know?
Charleston Shoes 17.
Lint 17, which makes this is in different kinds.
As does what you call Cadbury's.
Nestle Crunch 16.
Woffer 16.
Tablerone 15.
Tablerone.
Rollo 14.
Pwizzler 13.
Dub 13.
Which also makes a whole variety.
Carmelo 12.
Jellybeans 11.
Gummy Bears 10.
Henry 10.
Zagnavar 10.
Marathon Bar 10.
Mr. Goodbarth 10.
And Poppycock 10.
Everything else single digits, including Mary Jane only seven.
That's okay.
That means more for me.
Mary Jane's.
Those are really good.
Oh, perfect.
Man, I could eat this by just by the bucketful dozens and dozens.
Just watch your bloodshed go soaring to the top.
WQA, I'm tiny line.
Hello.
Hello, madam.
Yes, sir.
Yep.
It was 1960 and it was Billy Blant.
Ricky.
Yes, sir.
Ricky, ticky.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
How you doing?
How's that cap?
You're ever going to get that thing to watch?
People are starting to talk about it.
I change it every six months whether they need it or not.
Some people said the music stinks on that station.
They said, no, it says Ricky's cap.
That's the only problem.
Be nice.
Come on.
How you doing, okay?
I'm doing good.
I can play.
I noticed you got a lot of publicity on your 40th anniversary.
I guess I'll have to wait another 10 years because 30th time
Drick has figured it wasn't worth the mentor.
I'm already talking about it.
How about him?
How about him?
That's a major film film film film.
What a wonder of the rich.
But third man.
That's what I was saying.
It's okay.
We'll survive, man.
Yes, sir.
You and Lincoln's the world.
And tell Brown St. John, by the way, nobody still knows who he is.
Have a great day, Rick.
But wait, there's more.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good weekend.
Great.
He is great.
That's my buddy, Rick Shaw.
And I wish I had that drop in where he said it's just shock radio.
Once upon a time at Ion Zuma, he really, he just turned on me like a rat.
But then all of a sudden it was like, I don't know, he got it just at the weight of that.
He finally got it.
Right.
Yeah.
Where the hell is that, where is that thing?
I can't even find it.
Oh, there it is.
It's alive.
I am not.
I'm not seeing it.
Right.
Well, that was Rick Roy.
Okay, I always like Rick Shaw.
I was Rick Riley, hidden like poison.
Of course, George and I, we can't stand Rick Riley anyway.
Great.
It's just between Ricky Tiki and Rick Riley.
We'll take Ricky Tiki anyway.
At least he brings that cap along with him.
Okay.
By the way, Sud says hi.
Hi, Sud.
Give me a book to send you.
Thanks again for the fun for others, Suds.
I don't know if I can say that or not.
Not anymore.
And Joyce.
I don't care who you are.
You failed.
Right.
Federal agents, Thursday said they had broken up a ring of drugs.
Marvers, who use tombstones featuring the Virgin Mary to move hundreds of pounds of cocaine
into the US from Mexico.
All right.
Another good reason to bring in those illegal aliens by the millions.
Who the hell are these people, kiddin' you know?
It's just pandering, pandering, pandering, pandering.
Illegal speaks for itself, okay?
We're not going to have another one.
If you robbed a bank and they didn't catch you yet, we're not going to make it legal to rob a bank so that we can change the law
to let you off the hook for all time's sake.
Or to fake the money.
And to fake the money.
Okay, pay taxes on that money.
Now that's true.
Like sales tax.
And thumbtacks.
Well you know, they're just li-
Did you let me finish this three please?
I don't want to get behind.
What, what I just do with my log.
I sure will.
You know, we just discovered that we didn't have a-
You never ate one.
Uh, morning.
Does he have a life for the first break, Joyce?
That's the important thing.
Very nice.
Yeah, dial a mattress.
Very, very nice.
Get your dial a mattress.
I only have eight thirty this morning as usual.
Thought it's way to end it.
There's no log.
No, we're-
The sales department's going lately and I as well have no log, but nevertheless.
It's like coming at you.
I thought I just freaked out.
I looked here.
I thought what do you do?
We're over here looking out.
I know I'm not getting that bad.
Jesus.
God almighty.
That's what happens when Rick Shaw calls right out of the blue.
Enough to send your cap flying.
The DEA announced the rest of 12 people as part of an alleged conspiracy stretching from New York
to Mexico City.
Four of those arrests came yesterday, one in Houston three after an early morning raid on a
whore-aware house in New York's Brooklyn, Burrow.
At the whore-aware house agents found bricks of cocaine packed inside tombstones, some
decorated with figures of the Virgin Mary.
I'll ride.
You go, Virgin Mary.
At least she's hanging outside of warehouses now.
There were whorehouses instead of like on a side of bank buildings and under the overpass
in Chicago.
Wasn't she over the underpass?
Under the overpass.
Like Gray Roberts who have no respect for the dead, this drug organization used to be
versed, revered tombstones that smuggled millions of dollars worth of cocaine in New York
for the special agent in charge of New York DEA.
At the burrow, the house agents found eight tombstones, maybe inside of a tombstone pizza
in my final stash or something.
What do you think?
Huh?
Maybe?
I'm really talking about tombstones, don't pizza just the other day.
Yes, who are?
1013 at 560 WQM.
It looked up crannies.
This station presents real American heroes.
Today, we salute you, Mr. Oversellis April Bulls' pricester.
Oversellis April Bulls' pricester.
You've been awake for 10 minutes and already you put fake vomit in the sink.
Fill the sugar bowl with salt, put plastic wrap over the toilet and fake doggie do on the
doorstep.
Ha ha, we can't hear real, real, real clever.
You arrive first at the office, unplug everyone's computer monitor and distribute a fake memo
about switching from casual Fridays to bikini Fridays.
And hold all the accessories for for it.
And don't forget your fart machine.
You found a good one with a motion sensor.
So the next time you think you can escape him, you'll have to be superglue on my microphone.
When I get on the desk, I'm going to hunt you down like a dog, Mr. Oversellis, practical
chauffeur, real American hero.
Oversellis, back to Cujillo.
Oh, a little help.
Anyone?
Somebody help?
Be quiet.
You don't forget tomorrow night.
Get up to a clock in the morning and say your clock ahead one hour.
If you got a brain, just when you go to bed, put it ahead one hour tomorrow night.
Day by time.
Which, I don't know why we don't have daylight time all year long.
I love daylight time.
By the way, it was my bad.
I don't even know what Rick said because I was so excited that it was him on the phone.
I wasn't paying any attention to the play.
I don't know.
Bobby Bland and Billy Bland were not the same poison.
Billy Bland did let the little girl dance, which you played.
In the 1960s, reached number seven on the chart, hot 100.
Bobby Bland, whose nickname was blue, Bobby Blue Bland, was inducted the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 92.
Turn on your love light.
Call on me.
That's the way love isn't eight.
Nothing you can do.
Actually, none of those were like top, uh, uh, ain't nothing you can do.
Reach number 20.
That was the biggest hit.
I got none of that.
I remember turn on your love light.
Well, no.
And yet he's in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
And yet, let the little girl dance, got all the way up to number seven, and was on the chart for 13 weeks.
And yet, the Billy Bland ate like nowhere, you know?
Why the hell would Bobby Bland be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Not a crocker crack.
It's all politics.
Remember what Johnny Rotten said about that museum?
Yeah, he hated the museum.
He said it was pro-rot.
And it was politics.
And so what?
Yeah, it said screw you guys.
That's right.
Anyway, speaking of that, speaking of the guys in the school, let me do the poll first, speaking of that.
Uh, what movie?
Now, this was one of Sean's polls, although I kind of like bastardized it.
He wanted to know what book people should be forced to read.
And of course, nobody reads books.
But we'll do that one one day.
We'll, that'll kill a day one day soon, next week.
What movie should be compulsory viewing for all Americans?
532 votes.
Now, you can add to this, because I'm sure there are a lot of others that you feel are...
And this is, we've got a million movie polls, and of course, let me explain it to you, okay?
This doesn't mean because it's so good, I don't think, you know?
Does it?
Uh...
That wasn't my end, so not exactly.
No, in other words, the idea being that there's a message of some kind or something you might learn from it.
Fair in 9-11, 294.
I mean, that's got over half of the votes already, which it goes to show me what a bunch of clowns most of you people are, because...
Uh, Boeing for Columbine, which as far as I'm concerned, is equally important, and maybe even more so,
because no matter how many books we got running the country, we still got a much crazy irresponsible people running around with guns.
Boeing for Columbine's only got 31 votes.
See, they love their guns.
See, that's one area where I've part company with the most of the audience and most of America.
And that's, you know, having a good time with it.
Go shoot each other.
Lowell said this brains out.
Somebody go get 30.
Fair in 9-11, 294.
Godfather, 82.
Which I agree with that.
Network, I voted for that 43, but of course, Josh is suppressing the vote totals on ours.
No, I agree, it's a good message.
Well, what is the message since you fell asleep in the middle of it?
Well...
Can I summarize it for you real briefly?
I told you there'd be a quiz.
In a word, no, listen to me.
The media is sick and they can't tell me.
Anyway, in a word, it's a great philosopher Tammy Febaker.
Oh, Roots.
There's a good one.
Roots.
Roots.
That's it.
Right, let's get that right now.
Now, we're not going to put on their...
What was that alpacino movie, the...
Fag movie?
Cruiser?
Cruiser.
We're not putting that on.
How about cruising for a bruising speaking of Brett and Troy?
We never finished that story.
We had two of our sales holes got into a contract on the lunchroom yesterday.
And Brett comes to the new Mr. Hot and the Mr. Hot Shot.
Oh, well, I'm better looking at you, Aaron.
I'm the biggest stud.
You walk around here like you think you're the good looking guy.
I never thought Troy Stratford was a good looking guy.
He's a skinhead.
Yeah.
But I never thought of him at any point in my life of being a good looking guy.
Well, we're going to call him pretty boy Troy from the movie.
Pretty boy Troy.
I like that.
And pretty boy Brett.
You haven't seen Brett.
No.
Is he pretty?
Pretty boy.
I know he's pretty annoying.
Here at night 9-11-301, Godfather 85 network farming.
I just find that to be so ridiculously...
Yeah.
You know, arguing over who's the bigger stud.
Network 43.
Bowling for Columbine only 33.
That's his.
That is so sad, man.
It's almost enough to make you want to side with Chuck Heston.
You son of a bitch.
Yeah.
He's a crap with a Spandex pants.
At least Rick Shaw and walking around with Spandex pants.
He might be his oldest Charlton Heston.
But he sure is not going to walk around with Spandex pants on.
Nice going, Rick.
A clock record in 22, deer 117.
Gone with the wind.
Gone with the wind 15.
Birth of a nation 14.
That was 1915, by the way.
Silent movie.
It would have had a bit, I would think, wouldn't it?
Yes.
Born on the 4th of July 13th, great expectations too.
And roots we just put on are going to have any of 545.
We'll be hard pressed to make that 1000 a day.
Not that we really care.
How's that line up looking today?
Well, next week you have too much guilty.
Way too much.
And of course, improving the audience what I've been telling you for a long time.
Whatever I say, they do the opposite.
So let me put it out there right now.
Very clearly.
I think guilty ought to be on every day from 2 o'clock till midnight.
How's that?
All right.
Then maybe we might get rid of this squeaky ass.
See, you just, it's just, whatever I say, they do the opposite.
I hope Joe Bell is really satisfied with himself.
He's a lot of bunch of little children.
Where's that record by Billy J. Cramer?
You got it.
You keep playing it.
And you tell me you never heard that before?
That was a big hit.
How about you Rick Charlton, remember that?
Which was.
Somebody's cooking something really rank in my building.
Oh my god.
It smells like rotten meat.
Maybe that's me.
Never heard of you.
There you go.
Billy J. Cramer.
I have no idea what you wrote.
It's a 63, a 64 or something.
Okay.
64.
Well, there you go.
See, I got my thumb right on Billy J. Cramer.
I don't even know what that looks like.
Probably not so good.
No mold.
Anyway, that's enough.
Yeah, something stinks.
Oh.
Well, I said, he died next door.
What's going on here?
I'm just worried.
I'm pretty moly.
Maybe maybe it's a choice to adford.
Maybe he put a lawn.
You all the way up here.
So I could get the scent.
Bahamas broke back mountain van draws iron.
This is a lot of Bahamas, you know.
But you're bigoted.
They're reminded of Stone Age people down there in the Bahamas.
Not to mention you're Jamaican friends too.
Van, talk about a bunch of...
A Bohemian government sport decision to ban the movie broke back mountain.
It's prompted charges of discrimination and censorship in the island's shame.
No.
And let me just say this before I continue with this.
I realize that most of you, or some of you, couple of you,
got enough smorths to figure it out for yourselves.
Why do you like trying to make sure that the slots fail with the pyramutials
and why they fought casinos for so many years?
Believe you, me.
There are so many palms getting greased.
So many people getting smeared.
If you really think that your fat ass governor and legislator
all that really pious and holy that they care about the gambling,
you're dreaming.
Think of the special interest from on the cruise ships in the Bahamas.
All of these...
All of these things.
People who desperately want to make damn sure that we don't get like real casinos
in South Florida God forbid.
People in Linux City, the people in Vegas.
A lot of people getting smeared.
A lot of cash.
A lot of suitcases and brown paper bags getting exchanged.
You know what I'm saying?
And unlike the one that Barry Jackass takes to work at the Harold everyday,
these don't just have a baloney sandwich in them.
Gay rights groups and others have called on the plays and film control board
to reverse its decision, prohibiting theaters in the Bahamas from showing the award-winning movie about a troubled love affair between two gay cowboys.
You have a group of people who are selling grown men and women
what they can and cannot watch.
They'd fill up burrows, they'd either direct in the island chain.
I can't understand that nine people are right to make their own choices.
Well guess what Phil?
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
theaters in NASA, the capital had already begun to advertise the movie last Friday
when the board announced the ban as a request of the Bahamas Christian council.
Oh, there we go again.
The good Christians, man.
Yeah.
Spreading their hate everywhere they go.
Right. And their citizenship.
They're repression.
The board chose to ban it because it chose extreme homosexuality, nudity and profanity.
We feel that has no value for the Bahamian public.
Shavosh, Trinquist, Leriano, liaison officer for the control board said Wednesday.
The rainbow alliance, the group of a gay rights group called the Banna Farris,
said most Bahamians reject the idea that a small group of appointed individuals
can provide the moral compass for the entire country.
They need a compass and a road map over there in the Bahamas, man.
Do not go there and waste your money.
It's a sewer and a toilet.
Some have suggested the board could have simply issued a rating that would have barred
anyone under 18 from seeing the film.
Now, they might have art anybody from seeing it because it's bad for their morals, man.
They might get some ideas.
I mean, I'll start doing stuff.
Critics also noted that even some countries where homosexuality is illegal
have allowed the movie to be shown in theaters.
This isn't a movie to be banned.
It's not a subject to be censored, said Bahamas resident Liz Roberts, who's worked in film production.
It's a subject to be aired, a subject to be confronted openly.
I wonder what she means by openly.
Welcome.
Broke by S. Mountain, the Adiadian.
Has also been banned in mainland China.
Turkey has restricted viewing to viewers 18 and over.
Turkey.
Christmas, we know that.
Well, is it an R-rated network going on over there?
What the hell was the movie?
A lot of Jews.
He's dead now.
So, was Turkish Tappy?
No, you know, in this Turkish steam baths where he was a prisoner of it,
what the hell was he dead now?
He died from press.
Midnight Express.
What was his name?
Brad Davis.
There we go.
Well, I know it wasn't Brad Kramer.
And it wasn't Brandon Gibbons.
28 past 10 at 5.60 W.D.C.A.M.
If you wear still you're alive.
Who's the sorry topic just that turned out to be a different woman?
Stop.
You're gay.
Who will be the dude that gets married but does something?
Stop.
Can you think?
Who's the cat that's making fun of every other religion?
Stop.
I don't know.
This is shit, it's one brainwash mother.
Shit, so mad.
I'm out of our shit.
Then we can take it.
Things are too face to heart.
But no one understands him but all unhovers.
Yes.
What are you going to do about it?
You failed.
Money says to 11 at 5.60 W.D.C.A.M.
The big ol' to this afternoon.
Here is a chance to audition time acuying everybody's auditioning from two to four.
Just really embarrassing.
I have a feeling I don't want to make predictions about the ratings.
This is only a trend.
But we are losing that awful November.
The tentacorus of her gang were resourced in November.
They can't find our audience with a compass and a road map because nobody speaks English and South Florida no more.
So we got service.
But I have a feeling it's going to be really, really bad.
So that's my feeling about it.
It's just a consented can't you?
After all these years you get a feeling about it.
You get a feel for the audience.
Georgia was 1984 somebody faxed in an excellent choice.
1984 you got it?
Got it.
Everybody should be forced to see that because now we are living it.
Okay?
Yes we are.
11.30 those numbers start coming in.
Boy, can you smell it?
Maybe that's what it was that I smelled.
From all the pressure in the building.
Can you just imagine people and you think the teagroom was tied up loud and kind of be able to day whatever day that was?
You think that was bad?
Wow.
They probably lined up all the way to Ojas.
Good.
Out the door.
Glad I got my business out of the way.
Good.
A study of more than 1800 patients who underwent heart bypass surgery has failed to show that prayers, especially the organized for the recovery had any impact.
Research your city yesterday.
Here's the story that flies in the face of the usual.
Oh pray for me.
Pray for me.
Yeah, right.
Actually have that on the news.
In fact the study found that some of the patients who knew they were being prayed for did worse than others who were only told that they might be prayed for.
Though those who did the study said they couldn't explain why.
Never you know elicit false hope.
It's a bad idea.
We're praying for you.
Yeah, but I feel like I'm going to croak any second.
Well pray for me.
You're praying to the wrong God.
That's your problem.
Okay.
Give a prayer to God.
Definitely might as well.
I can do this as good for you as any other fictitious God that man invented all this baloney, all this CBGB.
The patients in the study at CCWIS Hospital included 604 who were actually prayed for after being told they might or might not be.
Well, I mean what is that?
You know what kind of nonsense is that?
Maybe we'll pray for it.
Maybe we won't.
Good luck.
See ya.
The other 597 patients who were not prayed for after being told they might or might not be.
And then a group of 601 who were prayed for and told that they would be the subject of such prayer.
Oh Jesus.
Many many people with too much time on their hands is no question about that.
The praying was done by members of three Christian groups in monasteries and elsewhere, two Catholic and one Protestant, who were given written prayers in the first name and initial last name of the prayer subject, the prayer started on the eve of or day of surgery and lasted for two weeks.
Among the first group who were prayed for but only told they might be prayed for, Harry Carey was going, they might be, it could be it's not a prayer.
Yeah, but how many chickens did they sacrifice?
About 30, man.
52% of this first group had post-surgical complications compared to 51% in the second group, the ones who weren't prayed for, though the whole day might be.
In the third group, who knew that they were being prayed for, 59% had complications.
How do you like that?
Well you know the magic of the other group.
Because God's getting pretty irritated.
He's got a lot of odds to fix on ball games, you know, especially with his NCAA, the final four coming up.
He don't have time for that prayer.
After 30 days,
Harry, over the death rates and incidents of major complications was about to say all across the group said they studied published in the American Heart Journal.
Enter, well what word is that?
Intercessory intercessory prayer.
What is that? I don't know.
I guess that's if you intercede. I never said that word in my life.
Intercessory prayer itself had no effect on whether complications occurred and patients who were certain that intercessors would pray for them had a higher rate of complications.
In other words, don't pray for me, okay?
Just like my neighbor over there. Stop praying. Stop trying to convert. There's no going in my house, okay?
There's no Jesus Christ. Go away, lady. Go away.
I'm going to turn your ass in, okay? I'm really sure I should turn her ass in into what?
Into the PA, proselytizer's anonymous.
I can't stand that. No, there's nobody interested in being converted.
We don't want your religious propaganda. He is not, there's no other thing that might rise as the cake in your oven.
But in fact, I think it just blew the oven open, okay?
Honey, get away from my life.
Thank God, tiny isn't around him, where she probably would be trying to convert him.
Anyway, intercessors had a higher rate of complications than patients who were uncertain but did receive intercessors.
There is no clear explanation for the latter finding.
The study called the largest of its kind was designed only to try to measure the impact of intercessory prayer,
as if we really had to go through this to figure it out, right?
Like we're like, uh, see, that's the problem of the world. We act like a bunch of little children speaking of that song in my village, Jay Kramer.
No, keep that handy, because that's the way the world behaves. Like a bunch of little children.
Oh, he's up there in a better place now. He's up there with the Lord. They're bowling as a matter of fact.
That's why every time he hears thunder, it's their bowling.
And we're convinced we should say that the nuns are bowling in heaven now.
You ever say that? No, I don't say that.
Well, that's what happens when the nuns go bowling up there.
It sounds like thunder and lightning, like all hell's breaking loose. And every now and then they leave a 10 pin and God really gets peeled.
I tell my kid that's God farting.
I think that's why you have like tornadoes and stuff like that in a hurry, Keynes, because when they leave the 7, 10 split, God gets just foaming at them up.
His wrath waxes hot. His wrath waxes hot.
I'm sorry, his wrath waxes hot in honor of Rick Shaw. But I should ask him about that.
He's probably not too happy to fact that there's those call letters, waxy, and then just let them go.
In fact, what if he came big, right? Well, he used to be waxy. That's right.
And now waxy is that abortion across the street that nobody even owns, that Jefferson, Parley, that Dennis Collins could make into a real radio station.
So they least the time go much as sports wannabes.
Oh my God, like Joel Feinberg and I crowd a bit of astube, got lots of money.
It's all daddies, by the way, astuse got lots of daddy's money just like the beast can't stand these punks.
These Jewish punks with rich daddies, man, makes me sick.
My daddy was a relatively a shlupper. It didn't lead me in fact. He died penniless, I'm sure.
I had a nursing home, I found out.
Did he? Yeah, I told you that. Yes, he did.
And after I found that out, I really got excited. Good. I hope every last second was as miserable as it could possibly be.
What a bastard.
Twenty-two eleven.
I'm letting all out today because now that we know those trends are coming to eleven thirty.
What's Joel Belga to do? How long is he going to walk around pretending that the sky ain't falling?
All right.
The chicken little and reverse. You ought to ask him, he's in here.
Is he really? Yeah.
When he's going to get with it, Joel, it's definitely about to children running that place.
Robert Grieper keeps putting Geldey on every day.
And then I find out today that they're best buddies. This is why we got the Roberts making all programming decisions.
Let's have some adults run into joint for a while, Joel. Just for a couple of months, see if we can do any better.
No, okay. Sorry. We can extend your show to four o'clock.
Yeah, we can extend my show. I told ready to talk to parents. I'll do that one day a week. Ten to four sounds good to me. One day a week.
Cool.
Okay.
You just heard it. There it was right on the year, Joel Belga says I'm working Wednesdays, ten to four off the rest of the week.
What are you laughing about? I don't think there's a headlight.
No, no. Off Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, Wednesdays, ten to four for the same cash.
I don't see more like Monday through Friday, ten to four.
Yeah, I was thinking more like ten to eleven sounds good to me. I do a hell of a show. You wouldn't believe it.
It'll be tight. If you're asked every day for an hour, it's tight hour.
The next in thing, a kosher phone. Oh, God. You think that the thing with a prayer was good.
Wait till you hear this story from Jerusalem. I'll send you page two if you want it.
No, I do want it. All right. Here it is. Right up my alley, Sally.
Come on out.
Anyway, ten forty one, nineteen to eleven. We got the big, oh, uh,
auditioning at two this afternoon because we just can't make up our mind.
And we got mad dog at Hooters and Durrell, four to six thirty. Panther previewed.
The Panthers, they keep with their seven in a row. And I think they keep farther behind. I don't get it.
Because Montreal, Jersey and Tampa all one last night.
So another eight points out of the play. I'm about to do an harvest. They're kicking ass.
Panthers at Carolina, seven o'clock tonight.
Although we got the Marlins exhibitionist game of the Texas Rangers on AM 1360 on the cat on KAT.
And we're pretty embarrassed about that.
Yes.
Jesus fucking little pistol, isn't she?
Really though? We're just like any other couple.
The latest hot couple in Hollywood.
Ties. Even better than the three in the Astorink surprise.
Right set with just friends silly from between her thighs.
And now she's with child and her names Angelina.
Julie.
This ex of that hotel will call for her.
She was screaming so loud that staff on her head.
They called slowly, sadly all did agree.
You best bring up what's with you bang Angelina.
Julie.
Oh, Bradford Channel.
The sounds.
We can touch you the girl.
And she picked up a bell.
Oh,
Jennifer never give in.
But Angelina first out.
Brad has got her new friends.
Six to eight by Paulton.
She's been out finally at school.
That only two greatest before wide a whole friend.
Hope Brad doesn't mind the baby.
Looks a bit Chinese.
It's like joining the new and over in with Angelina.
Julie.
When kids I saw them pedaling across the street.
So we said how much you liked them.
And we have buffaloes of kids.
When you get a brainchild of more than children.
Our kids are really track.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
1048 if you will.
I mean, tremendous response on that dream field positive.
I put on the website.
None.
Just you.
You and me.
We both had a yesterday.
It was great.
Well, so can I.
They're lost.
We're trying to save your lives out there.
They want to talk about stupid crap like candy bars.
But then get fat.
Let the music.
Let you folks die.
Let you croak a weekend.
We're animals.
We can't stay alive.
A lot of things that she's with.
The next thing a coach your phone and what that was doing in there.
Stopping by to say hi.
Everyone is gathering for the trends that are going to be.
Oh, yeah.
Get your hopes up.
Remember that song?
High hopes by Frank Sinatra.
I'll tell me if I ever have another problem getting into the magic room over here.
I'm welcome to use his executive washroom.
Really?
Well, we're just just making a positive on his desk.
I got it in here.
I'm going to buy it.
He's saying you're going to get your contract reupt to him.
No, I didn't say that.
You're taking care of that.
No.
And that's instead of a contract that gets used to his turlitt.
Oh, that's good.
And what about Josh?
Does he get to like a pee outside the outside his door?
Josh can hang it out the window.
I bet you Zach will be out there waiting for the day to come.
Jerusalem.
It sounds like the setup for a punchline.
What do you get when you cross an ultra-orthodox rabbi with a mobile phone?
But the kosher phone is real and developers are serious about looking real.
Israel just asks Gary Surnay.
He might even call you from his kosher phone.
They're serious about looking beyond religious enclaves of Israel.
Some Arab companies, even if required about the phone's main feature,
keeping out sex lines and other worldly temptations.
Of course, we know there's Arabs no part of sex.
That's why they reproduce like rabbits and that's why they're waiting for them seven virgins.
After they blow themselves up.
Oh, surprise.
Didn't work out.
There's interest out there in a conservative phone.
A conservative phone.
It's one where the mouthpiece tilts to the right.
Said, Abraasha burst in.
Now, what if he's kind of Ellen Burston, the chief executive officer at
Mirrors Communications Limited and is ready to separate by motorola and pioneer the kosher mobile that debuted last year.
The phones carrying the seal of approval from Israel's rabbinical authorities.
They have the circle you on, and I'm sure, have been one of the most successful
mergers in technology and centuries-old tradition in the ultra-orthodox Genski community,
which is most widely recognized by the men's black guard based on the
dress of 19th century European Jews, the black guard, the long beards, the bad smell.
The kosher phone is stripped out of its original function,
making and receiving calls.
There's no text messaging, no internet access, and God forbid.
No video options, no camera.
More than 10,000 numbers for phone sex dating services and other offerings are automatically blocked.
A team of rabbinical overseers make sure that the list is up to date.
Yeah, I guarantee they're making damn sure.
They're checking them all out.
These are the same rabbis who have told followers to squirm television and radio,
but mobile phones are considered just too essential.
In one of the world's most tech-friendly nations, the ultra-orthodox would come
from about 7% of Israel's 7 million people.
Now, MIRS is thinking bigger.
Toxia are underway to introduce the kosher phone to Jewish communities in the US and other nations,
possibly later this year, Israeli Arabs about 20% of the population have also taken notice of the phones,
as a possible option for those trying to protect conservative Islamic sensibilities.
It's got like a little burker over the headpiece.
Some Arab cell phone providers see the same attraction.
They've sought information from MIRS as in Kushmir and Tultas via an envoy from Jordan,
which has a peace treaty with Israel said,
personally, declined to give further details of the contacts.
This is a unique product for a unique brand of customary,
said that we see some potential beyond this niche market.
The kosher phone is an example of demand leading the way for supply.
While we sure tell Gary Sarnar about this, maybe we can get him on the air.
Can't get anything else on him.
Everything can do this.
In late 2004, a special vertical panel was formed to study how to bridge the need for a cellular phones
in ultra-orthodox codes, the community was torn.
Some saw the phones as a non-threatening convenience.
Others believe the sophisticated third generation phones offered an unhealthy freedom.
The ability to download pornography will allow young people to make further contact with the opposite sex,
which is highly restricted in ultra-orthodox society.
But why, once they do start making contact, they just don't stop.
That's why they got like 18-20 kids.
What is that?
That's somebody blow to chauffeur.
Oh, that, oh, I thought it was outside my window here at you.
You're getting out of here with that crap.
It's the wrong holidays.
Coming up from Paisos, baby.
You're Paisadiki Candies with them on the list.
The conservative magazine family called the Multitasking New Phones a candy store for the evil in policy.
The Rabbi's solution find a cell phone that's only a phone.
They saw the future they were frightened to run visual smoke-crumbler attorneys Jacob Weinroth,
who was asked by the Rabbi to approach Israel's four main cell companies with the idea of the paired-down phone.
In 10 years, we may have commercials coming over the phone.
Maybe gambling, dating God for red.
The community wanted to keep the cell phone, but not allow this commercial world out of their communities through the phone.
Mirrors, Israel's smallest cell phone in terms of market share, was the first to take the challenge.
But instead of simply blocking the non-call services, the new phones were specifically engineered with hardware to prevent upgrades or sharing chips with other handsets.
The kosher phone was already last March, backbite, unusual sales force, 80 men and 10 women from Israel's Alpha Orthodox neighborhoods who went to a crash course in cell phones in Durdador pitches,
the classes were arranged to accommodate synagogue prayer schedules and tourist studies.
By some or more than 20,000 kosher phones were sold, but it was just a foothold and an estimated market of at least 180,000 cell phone users among Israel's half-a-million Alpha Orthodox.
Two of Israel's other three cell phone players have also developed their own kosher phones.
The option is not coming to range of styles and colors from black to enamel red.
Oh, if you think about it, the Orthodox is not going to go to movies and other things.
These days, the kind of phone you carry is part of who you are, said, what's this guy's name?
Shalom? Shalom?
Shalom.
So, that might as well put that to the eye. It's the world in which we live.
It's one little tiny step out of the stone age, out of the 15th century.
Who would be a good one? Who would Jesus call on his cell phone?
WWJC? Oh, here's from Shron again.
Another poll.
It says, please advise your listeners to use kosher during from the old-time candy website.
Ah-ha. Order a small amount first to assess the quality.
My girlfriend ordered a ton of stuff and most of it was stale on arrival.
Well, at least it wasn't picked out thanks to us because obviously it was before we talked about it.
Right. Also, it can be possible that this hated athletes omitted Jack Tatum.
At least, OJ had the decency to do his murdering off the field, didn't brag about it afterward.
I see. I'm much in agreement about Babe Ruth.
He was a drunken glutton, a syphiletic core chaser, and still the world's greatest baseball player.
Imagine Babe Ruth on steroids.
Had he never hit a single home run, he still would have made a hall of fame as a pitcher.
People forget his early years, he was lean and fast.
The same year, he had 59 homers, he had 16 triples, and 17 stolen bases.
Okay, thanks Sean. The pilot of the Apollo is marginal.
So again, be careful if you order from all time.
Well, they're calling it all-time candy.
That's right.
So it's a truth in packaging areas, right?
And you were wondering how they have all that stuff together.
Yeah, I said anything.
They're hanging around a long time.
I had a giant warehouse full of that stuff just sitting there.
Yeah. Just sitting there in the sun.
Kind of Johnny Rotten.
What movie should be compulsory viewing for all Americans?
620 votes.
I don't think this is what we're going to get a lot of additions to there.
It could be wrong, but I don't think so.
Which is good. I'm glad.
I got one for the poll. I'm so tired of that.
I'm so nauseous from that.
It's all they got. They got one for the poll.
They got five for the poll.
Yeah, go stick it.
Fiery night, 9.11.335.
Godfather 95.
Network 49.
Josh 49.
And Josh didn't even vote for it.
Voting for a collar bin only 38.
See that? That's scandalous.
See, here's what really pisses me off.
You people already did all of you gun huggers out there.
Remember what I said after that episode happened in collar bin?
I was on the air for a couple days getting all bent out of shape and screaming and yelling.
And then of course we had a bunch of copycat punks doing the same thing in other schools.
And then the public's like, see you people accept anything.
Anything. No matter how aberrant, unacceptable it is, you're just accepted.
That's American effing way, man.
Kids go to school blown each other away just arbitrarily.
I'm just a pissed off. People made fun of us.
Whatever.
I'm in a bad mood.
I'm going to go kill a couple of people.
In fact, I wouldn't surprise me the way things are going.
That's going to become especially the way the government's responding,
running around the country, killing all kinds of innocent people who never did anything to us.
That's going to be the new hobby.
Kill some people.
There you go.
He's been on a wood for a long time.
In fact, let's start with him.
I might change my whole altitude.
And then the public just takes all these things like this is the way it's supposed to be.
It's not the way it's supposed to be.
Civilized people don't do such crap.
Okay? They don't run around and shoot and you kill each other.
Boling for Columbine 38, Clockwork Orange 25, Gone with the Wind 19,
Franklin my dear, the dear Hunter 18, born on the Fourth of July 16,
although we know who's in that. And guess what?
What are you going to do about it? You fairy.
Birth of a Nation 15, Roots 5, Roots. Don't say people that say that. Roots love Roots.
All right. Up on the roof.
Correct.
1984 for and great expectorations has got appeared.
This is Neil Rodney.
This is the Neil Rodney show.
This is the brain.
Who's it for?
The grove.
Any questions?
I'm not going to ask you that.
I'm not going to ask you that.
I'm not going to ask you that.
I'm not going to ask you that.
I'm not going to ask you that.
I'm not going to ask you that.
I'm not going to ask you that.
I'm not going to ask you that.
Sixth and the next.
In radio mode.
I'm not going to ask you that.
In radio mode.
I'm not going to ask you that.
In radio mode.
Roots.
Ronnie Marshall.
In radio mode.
In radio mode.
In radio mode.
In radio mode.
In radio mode.
In radio mode.
There he is, here.
Robert may alope before they start that new schedule.
It can only praise 641 votes on the pool.
We like you to a thousand, what do you think?
What about it?
It actually really gets behind it.
If we get those naked pictures of Josh Roperiel fast.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't say I didn't give the numbers out.
Okay, I'm giving you a fair warning right now because once those trends come in, speaking
of numbers, we're going to be pouring over those things.
Now here, here's something to think about.
For your friends across the street, the ones that we don't give a crap about, but the ones
that the sports, the rest of the stations have assessed with and the terrified of, I mean,
yeah.
They're going to be dropping off, well, everybody's going to be dropping off November because
this trend is December, January and February.
Right.
So that November, which we were kind of weak, but boy across the street, they were like invisible.
They're going to be dropping that.
So they might throw a number in there.
I don't want to get everybody scared of QAM, but they might throw a little sports number
in there this time.
Oh, yeah.
I'd be a P in my pants big time.
I'd be calling you an Allison right now for 100 cartons of depends, cases, find by the
case load, because some people will be a case if they get a number over there.
I don't think we're going to do all that great.
I could be wrong.
I don't know about us like 10 to 3.
I don't know.
Of course, now that we got that revolving two to full, well, we sure can't do a worst
than a 1-1 like the last couple of months, right?
Right.
And that would show his philosophy is, in other words, let's not do better.
Let's just not do any worse than that.
Oh, man.
Over there, let's not win the game.
Let's just play as long as we can without losing.
That's what we do.
Play to an endless tie.
Yeah, what would I do?
I'd go rob a bank.
WQA M, hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Is that WQA M?
WQA M, that's it.
Do you want me to Q in it?
Oh, wrong number.
Yeah, okay.
Yes, it was.
Real clever.
WQA M.
Yeah, I had a comment about when the commercial, you guys are running.
Okay, we'll make it to somebody else.
Very ver...
No, they're putting some chicken there to try to pull the same crap.
We wouldn't put the guy in there, so now we're going to like, let's have a...
I understand your desperate over there when you start selling those dollar hollers, and
even if you get a good trend today, which I doubt, that isn't going to help.
But just keep it over on your side of the street, okay?
We got a dividing line, okay?
It's called the median, and I think your median listing's got an IQ smaller than their
thumb size.
So cut the crap.
What, they're putting that in the heavy duty this week, have you noticed that?
Yes, I did.
And I guess they figured because it was a chunk chick, some dumb bitch that I was going to
let her on the ear like trash one of our fine sponsors, they ain't never going to happen.
Even some of our not-so-fine sponsors, that is never going to happen.
We got to lay buttons man up the ass.
We got to lay stuff for it.
It'll go on for like 45 days if we wanted to.
That's right, we could dump stuff that happened last week.
And we can dump stuff that got on the ear like four years ago.
And when you hear that sound, that means you've been duff, duff, duff, duff.
Right, duff.
I think I just made up a new word for the English language.
Right, duff.
Get off your duff and dump it.
So just dump the trash over there, okay?
Right there in front of a word Dennis Collins is standing.
You can, that said, a Roma I was smelling before.
The stench of Kalmanur.
The stench of Dennis Collins has been over there a Jefferson pilot.
Who are you, kiddin' Dennis?
You wouldn't know a radio station from an exon station.
You jackass.
Nice job, by the way, with WS news.
As a matter of fact, now that I think about it, what was our frequency on WNWS?
Yes, can be.
790, yes.
See that's what they turned it into.
And once widely listened to, all of a grand that our median listeners age was death
plus 10.
But nevertheless, we had big numbers.
I'll hold.
But once very popular news and talk station that we like varied at IOD, we varied them
literally and figuratively.
And now they turned it into like, oh, when did that let's lease it out to a bunch of sports
wannabe children.
See that's the problem.
You got so many little kids running radio stations.
You got Claire Hanson, Robert, and the beast.
And then over there you got Stube Gods and all these other little children wannabes, man.
What was the PD's name, Josh, the one who was Jeremy Schmendrick, what's his name?
Who?
Cross the street.
Oh, Joe Feinberg.
No, he's not the PD.
He's the head honcho man.
No, you don't know either.
Nobody knows who the hell he is.
That's how big he is.
And then of course not to mention the Okshens Dan LaBanz too.
Wait, is this Stube Gods?
No, not Stube Gods.
Stube Gods is a general manager.
You better get your position straight now, Mr. McCorley.
We'd meet up with that.
Who gives it?
Oh, God.
That's what you look like.
What are you saying?
Over and over again.
It used to be Jason Slokkin.
That's why I'm very good at it.
Now they got yourself.
Shit, I guess.
Jason Slokkin or somebody like that.
No, no, no.
Oh, well some chick.
He's the one that just called about some sponsorship.
That's the only wish they had on a year over there.
How about a dime a holler?
They're going to take dollar a holler to a new level of cross street.
A dime a holler.
Any takers?
No.
No.
They couldn't sell a spot if they like put a gun to your head.
You want to buy some spots?
No.
No, you think we got problems in sales and boy, do we ever?
We got Bret and Troy coming to blows there in the lunchroom just about.
That's what we heard.
Twenty-three minutes to a low's trend start coming out.
In fact, you know something?
I'm not going to say it.
You know what I'm thinking.
Oh, by the way, George, you've got to do the story for Sunday.
I hate to do this on a year, but we had no...
Well, what were we so busy with?
Beast was coming in there gossiping before the show.
Yeah.
I didn't have any log and I never got to tell you to be sure because I'm going to Niagara
for the weekend.
I'll have the stories on there for tomorrow, George.
That's what's needed.
But the ones for a Sunday you've got to take here.
Then I'll be back.
I got you.
Only going one day.
You can lose enough in one day, man.
It was evil, one arm bandit.
So it was bad machines, man.
But at least they treat you good there at Niagara, you know?
They give you room and board and nice, great meals, excellent restaurants.
They treat you like they want to have you there to lose your ass.
It's supposed to like a woodbind where they treat you like, eh, just give us your money,
you know?
And you've got to smelly, oh, got smelly old European refugees, man.
Send them back.
You know, all this immigration stuff was wonderful during the early part of the last century.
You know, the industrial revolution was going on.
We need all these workers, but now that they outsourced everybody's jobs, there aren't
any jobs anymore, even for people like who were born in the USA.
So what's all this crap about?
You know, illegal means illegal.
Illegal alien isn't all of a sudden illegal alien or like, well, come on in.
Forget about it.
Go back to Mexico, okay?
Go back and teach something about birth control and cut the crap.
See?
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
All right.
Hey, I had a radio accident on that 790.
They advertise for the dolphins that even you a small business can afford to advertise with
the Miami Dolphins.
Oh, yeah, I bet.
They might pay you to put your name on there.
Exactly.
Happy anniversary.
Thanks.
Happy 30th day.
You know, 30th is the day I should have retired.
I realized I know.
I looked back on that.
That was the demarcation point.
We were kicking serious ass up into Len on the air on the website and then all of a sudden
it was like after that, okay, well, that's it.
We don't like you no more.
Well, okay.
Well, guess what?
I'll still take the money.
I don't care if we have like a point 0-2.
As far as numbers are concerned, we got nothing left to prove.
That's a long good thing about all these years.
Even Ricky Tiki would agree with that.
We have nothing left to prove.
So if we, you know, go down with the Titanic too bad, like in the last trend, you know,
we sucked when sucked.
But compared to the rest of the station, we were like a primo man.
Keith Primo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, I mean, I got a big pile here in fact, the thing about Bud Sealing and
that phony, oh, another phony investigation.
You know, somebody writes a book.
Oh, well, we got to have another investigation.
It's just phony as could be.
Even Johnston was that.
It's all about the very bond.
That's what it's all about.
Word bond.
I got a lot of good stuff in here like about what's his name?
Old Max, Max Mayfield.
Mayfield.
Old Max.
No.
I don't know young Max.
Yeah, you do.
The director of the National Hurricane Center that old out of it, he Max Mayfield, you know
him.
The old guy with a teeth and a glass.
That's well.
He says this year's hurricane season's likely to be stronger than average, but short of 2005
the cost of his song.
He said it would be unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
They have another season like that.
Not very realistic.
Well, thanks God, Max.
Please say a brookah.
Say a prayer and see if it helps.
Maybe it doesn't help with your health, but it will help with the hurricane season.
Can't hurt.
Now, what is that?
Oh, that's that same music.
You said say a brookah.
They've got these things in here somewhere.
Oh, this is the one with that humming.
The Joker, with the guy he loves.
The Joker, yeah.
Wow.
What is his name?
Oh, no.
This is it.
Mariss Yahoo.
This is a...
What is the guy's name?
Mariss Yahoo.
Mariss Yahoo.
Yahoo.
Hi, it's a shepherd.
That's right.
Oh, hey, V.
WDQA M. Hello.
Here.
Fourth of our headquarters, QA M.
Uh, Neil.
Yes.
The other day on your poll, where you will look for cracker jack and all that.
Remember Poppycock.
It was on there, sir.
Yes, we remember it and it was on there.
And don't be picking on a requiever.
Oh, God.
WDQA M. Hello.
We could have delay.
Hello.
He's on a two-day delay.
Oh, yes, sir.
Oh, yes.
Uh, I was just wondering if Levi and Amanda, uh,
come to this country again.
Uh, we could have sent him back?
Yeah.
Okay, John.
I'm good.
Now, okay.
See, that's why I'm not even talking that much about it.
Because basically a lot of you biggest out there.
All you want to do is start a big simmiss about that in Florida.
Because you want to send all the Cubans back, including George probably.
I got my papers, thank you very much.
He's got his hearing aid.
He's got the hair already.
He's got the Detroit radar.
He's his voice.
Because that the New York Times, you got USA today.
We don't want colorful pictures in it.
He got the Boston Globe.
I took a flight.
He's got the Harold Examiner.
Oh, it certainly been a K-Morning.
That's right.
So don't get picked up by the sense people.
Oh, by the way, sir, don't forget.
Levi and Hernandez won the World Series in 1987.
The Cubans won it.
Not the Marlins, the Cubans won it.
Which is exactly what he's trying to give me to say.
And I'll say it.
Because that's Dan LeBasterd again.
Like I said, if anybody else would have made a comment like that,
they'd have been railroaded right out of town.
But not Dan LeBasterd, boy.
Because he was at the Pandering Herald.
And now he's over there, Pandering across the street.
But we got the big ingredient.
We got the big.
Oh, OK.
We don't even speak English right.
He speaks like Spangler's Baby Talk.
So there, stick that right.
We're the Pipe and None Smoke and Joel Feinberg.
And he's actually on once every couple of weeks
and the F-New and People are awake.
Because we got Geldy on the rest of the time.
Because Robert Griefer is doing something with Geldy's nose.
This is Neil Rogers.
It's Dave!
You're playing the child at 5'6'0 WQKM.
Man, I could sleep forever.
I know my audience knows.
When I put words and melodies together,
I hear soothing and I like the snow.
I like the snow that I hear each time I say.
I like the snow that I say my baby not to be Dave.
You're firm.
In fact, I sleep through every concert of life.
And I like the snow that I like the snow.
Notice how I should follow that music is all the way through.
OK, that's by accident either.
OK, thanks a lot, B-Stow.
11'17'5'60 WQM.
We got 13 minutes to go to La Bandaille.
Then those trends are going to come out.
Then they will fear somebody.
And it won't be us.
5'6'0 WQM.
Come on, we want to take 50,000 calls between now and two o'clock today.
It's call intensive.
Now let's see, tomorrow is April Fool's Day.
And then tomorrow night we turn the clocks ahead.
Spring and Head Fall back, etc.
All that stupid clock.
We had Bade time.
And then what else is coming up?
And then Monday we got the baseball season starts.
Am I right opening B-Fordamarlins at Houston?
That's right.
Pretty inversely because the Panthers have a game that might have playoff implications.
In fact, the games next weekend are still lightning in Atlanta.
And yet we got to farm them out.
They're farm out.
Well, 13'6'0 WQM.
Yeah, I would tell you.
Because we got a conflict there with a Marlins plant at the same time, regular season, you know.
So unlike tonight when we're putting the Marlins and Brains game on 13'60
because the Panthers, when a Marlins starts, they take precedence.
That makes sense to me because who the hell cares about the Panthers?
Nobody.
Unfortunately, they're kicking ass now.
Come on, real nice.
They're going to miss those points that they blew when they lost all those games in
last minute.
They blew all those leads.
Remember early in the season in last second, milliseconds of games, game after game after game.
And they're going to have a whole bunch of points down the toilet.
They're going to miss those.
Because now they're eight back.
They want seven in a row and they're still eight points back.
They're falling further behind.
Any interest?
No.
Absolutely none.
WQM, hello.
Any other points you'd know that no market is safe from the radio.
Geniuses out there.
Yeah.
In New York, about a year ago, they took CVS FM off the air, which was like a number one.
But it's in the top 10s of the last 100 years.
Right.
Now they're getting more high with David type ratings on that patient.
They went in and they fired everybody and they just took the job out.
All right.
So yeah, everybody's on.
Yeah, they've been discussed, man.
Don't ever get anywhere near it.
This business blows.
All right.
Thanks.
Hey, he's right.
He's right.
No matter where you go, all those South Florida's especially.
If you turn on the FM, that's a really real hint.
Really?
The fact is in a role when it comes to your speaker when you turn on the FM, a stench.
Oh my God.
You immediately want to reach over and just turn back to AM.
That's the only reason we got anybody listening to AM is because FM and South Florida so bad.
Who do I want to listen to AM radio, man?
I'm not sure.
All the way to the ARHD.
How many HD radios in the world?
About 30, man.
None of them in South Florida except I think DOS got one.
Right.
I've seen two.
The engineers in.
Yes.
Really?
No.
You've seen DOS well.
Yeah.
I'll send you a picture.
No, no.
Don't do that.
Put it on our website and pretend it's Josh's.
You need color anyway to appreciate it.
W-W-W-A-M-L-O.
Hey, that's a very eye-to-date.
Okay.
I'm calling you with a panel suggestion.
Yes.
Unfortunately for Mono, Lingwood Bay County saw, Ginkie and Spongebob.
Getter's Mosquito, President Bush or Dan Quail.
Okay.
We'll think about that one.
All the illegal aliens got to go back to Mexico even if they came from someplace else.
That's my solution to that problem.
Send them back.
Sure.
And don't let them come back in.
I am all for building that big fence here.
Who's good enough for Israel?
How come it's not going to cross?
And speak of Israel as a legend they had the other day, which is a slap in the face of Bush.
They said, but nevertheless, how's Ariel Shurondo in?
They just got to have an elections Tuesday.
And nobody's talking about Ariel Shurondo alive.
Is he dead?
Does anybody care?
Is he ordering some of those pacidicky candies from the old-fashioned candy shop?
Well, I'm glad that Sean facts that in some bit information because I don't want to get our people, although they want anyway.
They want order of that stuff because like the pasta, I'm just shocked.
I thought that that thing would go over bigger than Mary Tyler Freakinmore, you know what?
Once I did that.
But then I only found it by accident and it's not a sponsor.
And I may in fact, I spent like I told you more for the postage to slurp it all the way up here that I did for the product.
And it's dynamite.
And you have to order it online.
You go to public and buy it.
Maybe that's what you're doing.
And they're just eating it and not telling you about it.
And they're not telling us about it.
They don't even have the co-honies to say, thank you.
Not even the least to say, thanks you old faggot.
Thanks for the dreamfields pasta.
You saved my life.
You miserable old piece of turd that we hate like poison.
But thanks anyway.
Not even that.
No.
So don't give me this happy 30th anniversary crap.
And that was you talk about an event that didn't happen.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Like all of us have events that don't happen in our mind.
As we walk around day after day, we look and we see people and we think, oh, we think of events that we'd like to happen.
But it just don't happen.
Usually.
Once in a while, surprise, but not usually.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm sure you do.
Now in Josh's case, when he meets up with Zach, I'd be real careful next time I live work.
If somebody has some guys hands in real nasty looking queen is hanging out by your car.
Well, I'll bust the rhymes in your intro.
Yeah, that rhymes.
Give me the old two pack and a six pack.
Six eighty five.
We need to get to what?
About eight hundred by the top of the air will be safe.
I think we got a good shot.
Well, my car thousand today, even though this pool they don't like.
They don't like it.
Well, lately they know since the anniversary show they don't like anything.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's talk about illegal aliens.
Yeah.
Let's end on the Cubans back.
Yeah.
You know, all of the dry food, wet food, even Georgia Greece.
It's so awesome.
And you know, make up your mind.
Right.
It's such a cop out, you know, they're just on the one hand they want to cover their ass.
They don't want to piss off the old green tooth Cuban proud.
And on the other hand, they don't want to like go too far and piss off everybody else.
And the old days it was like rush.
You can get here, welcome here, but now it's like half-assed.
What do you mean like Russia?
Well, how about China?
You know, I'm doing that with China, there are a bunch of comedy.
No.
Because how about that?
But that was the policy.
Well, it's not acceptable, no more.
No.
Okay?
In addition to which, how do you get, how do you swim here from Russia?
You know what you defect like the server.
The server rats don't work out too well when you come here.
You know, like in a surface, if you're like a chess player or an athlete or some crazy guy like that.
You got to jump the fence at the embassy.
That's what Boris Badenov said.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
I'm calling to say thank you.
I bought the pasta at the public shouldn't they?
Oh, right.
A pasta to be a daily highlight.
Right.
It's awesome.
It is?
It had all three varieties that have been...
No, are you diabetic?
No, I'm not.
You keep it missing, you won't be.
Anyway, I will keep you off the diabetes.
It's awesome.
They had all three varieties.
Macaroni, the elbow, the...
Rosagna.
Is that a Chinese?
No, it's not.
Oh, they come out with a Zondis, they do.
Not yet.
But anyway, thanks.
Okay, thanks for calling, Pellys.
See there, I am very similar to calling.
Saved his life.
Probably saved him from diabetes.
And all the complications that can follow.
It's great stuff, man.
My greatest discovery of my life is for as long as I'm a pasta lover.
I make no bones about it.
Love it.
Love it, love it, love it.
And then of course that low-carb sauce, if you die,
but if that's really important to, I guess.
Because some of the sauces have a lot of carbs.
So what's the point eating low-carb pasta?
And slavering it with like a carb-heavy laden pasta sauce, right?
Right.
I don't kind of saw that.
You like yours with butter and salt?
That's right.
Oh.
Well, I say, you know, with garlic and butter, that's good.
Yeah.
Well, that just a little point.
Just a little point.
You're like a little pointer, okay?
That's really good.
Okay.
Because I'm sure you don't cook anything in your house.
I'm sure that your wife at least,
don't do anything else.
At least she cooks.
Yes, she does.
He cooks up a few surprises, too, every now and then.
But anyway, in the water, when you boil in the water for your pasta,
olive oil, olio-oliva.
Oh, we do that.
Just a drop.
All right.
That Marlon Brander said when he was drinking a wine, just a drop.
I think she might do that already.
Really?
And of course, this pasta, you don't have to worry about it sticking together,
because it doesn't do that anyway.
But it's very good.
Huh?
That says very good.
But it's a good that way.
It kind of like coats the pasta with a little olio-oliva.
Mm-hmm.
And then anything that you put on here, like your sauce and stuff,
it's just kind of like all melds together, right?
Then you shove in your meatballs and you put your sausages in a little wine,
and you put a sugar.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
WDQ-I-M, olio.
I'll put that down.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
How you doing speaking, Neil?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
I just had a quick comment about the, you know, with all immigration debates going on,
I think the one thing people have lost sight of is station, station, station, station.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Thank you, Bob.
Yay!
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I tried that train field Boston, I wanted to say thank you.
You're welcome.
All right, bye.
Okay.
See, that's it.
You're not going to call it say thank you because it's guys, they don't want to thank me,
because it'll make them sound like that, you know.
And that's how quick that guy did hit the road.
That's right.
And of course the women out there, we only got about seven of them anyway,
you think they're, uh, I just, I'm just shy.
I don't really care.
It's no sweat off my ass one way or the other, but we put the link on there.
It did a beautiful job.
Nice artwork to hold you right off the website, you click on it and you go to a whole thing.
It's great stuff.
It's one of the miracles that I've ever discovered in my lifetime, really mean it.
And these people, see, this is how Florida man, nothing will move us.
We don't give a damn no matter what you say, no matter what you do, we don't want it.
We don't want it.
God, thank God I don't have to be there.
All those years, how the hell did I survive in that toilet?
You know what, really when you come out of the toilet, I don't.
Without smoking dope, I have no idea.
I just can't even begin to imagine because every time I'm there for like three or four days,
it seems like a 30 or 40 years.
It seems like I'm a prisoner, like I'm like I'm marking off the hours on the wall like somebody on death row.
God, unbelievable.
Just a hard ass place, man.
Just a hard, oh, anybody listening outside of South Florida, you're thinking about moving there, going there,
forget about it, okay?
That's my best advice to the greatest thing message I can give to anybody in the world.
Oh God, I'm about it.
Right, just like going on a cruise ship, forget about that too.
Same, same thing.
27 past 11, those friends are going to talk about our killer, man.
Those friends are becoming pretty soon and we're going to be losing that bad November.
And then what will the excuse be?
We suck.
Right.
Hey horse racing family, used to be great up until March 1st.
Now we suck.
Hey horse racing fans and poker players, pomp and a park racing and poker's got all the gambling action you want.
And a money machine to mine.
Try the you bastard.
That's the mood there.
I'm so happy today, shorty, get some popcorn and Delhi with my wife and sugar pants and Prince Mattia Bellis.
They will stock up everything and we had 28.
I went to Shabalanda, let her pick a tall man, she'd away.
She hasn't been the co-ponsored by Vending Glasses.
I had to remind her where her master is.
If we're hanging over the candle, the potato salad,
I think I look old like a minty cancelling.
She said when she doesn't know anything, she should I be lying?
I'm standing here all day and my feet are burning.
I better get the halal of our economy later.
But Jaynees, all you can eat, you're late, wait no days.
At the day he's just being that shuffled dude.
I had to be dead, it's a labyrinth of a dread.
I only hope that this ain't trace, nation wise.
Dry pastry makes me touch.
Touch your hoist.
I dragged my teeth into the shop, then I meaning,
yeah, we better leave before my gun start cleaning.
My wife said, my sugar, I'm married to Jaynees.
I just brought out a tray of macaroon with the cheese.
I said I should be embarrassed, then I'm pulling a pod.
They should only expect new wives from a fat, fat, fat, fat, fat.
In that mighty end, in the night, they're gonna tear their night's nears.
I can go right now.
Trust him in heave.
We mostly just ignore what they did, then I pulled a pod with her.
She made a bad girl, didn't I?
She took her cup of my wish.
She said, my kids, you show me a new place, just you know?
I said, try the kitchen and line her up.
Not that I should replace her, I have enough guilt.
They take home a cup of my sexual rights, man.
Don't be talking about me, don't be talking about me.
Don't be talking about me, don't be talking about me.
Don't be yourself.
Anyways, London 30, you bred up in high,
and that's where it's last name.
I just saw it on a piece of coffee that it sent to me about,
and the comfort I have no idea what it's all about.
It starts next week.
That he never asked me about, but nevertheless, that's okay.
Anything for bread, just to get even with Troy,
okay, because Troy's busy selectively trying to destroy every
account I've ever had on the year.
You're doing a Troy, you're doing a hell of a job.
You in Brownie Brown.
714, oh 714, uh-oh.
Don't drop one of those.
What movie should be compulsory viewing for all Americans?
Furnight 911376, Godfather 115, Network 53,
which is obviously the correct answer.
Voting for Columbine 47, which ought to have at least
another hundred votes, but doesn't, because you love your guns.
That's right.
A clockwork orange 26, gear 120.
Gone with the wind, 19.
Born on the 4th of July 17.
Birth of a nation 15.
1984, 13, roots 10, roots, and great expectations.
Three out of 720.
We could be close to 800 by the top of the hour, make our
1000 a day.
That's all we care about.
We get our 1000 votes, then we peel, we've done our work,
and that's it, and then we go move on, right?
Move on.
Move on.
Move out the rest of the schedule.
Even people who aren't here anymore.
That's it, that's it.
That's all we can do.
Did the parents come in here?
We got some number starting yet or what?
Not yet.
He did say 1130, though, didn't he?
Yes.
I have a feeling this is going to be speaking of your
your Yiddish rapper there.
It's going to be lucky, I'm Kipper.
I couldn't be wrong about that.
I certainly hope at least from 10 to 2.
That's all we care about now.
We don't care about the rest of the station anymore.
We used to, but we paid a wicked price for doing that.
Because no matter what I say, they do the opposite.
So I just, good luck to all of them.
Good luck with that sport stuff.
We're just here 10 to 2.
Good luck to us, right?
All for one, all for us.
That's what George said, screw them all.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I, Neil, get to it.
It's Zach Pajash.
I mean, okay, well, call him at home.
We don't take personal calls on you, okay?
Faggot.
5670560.
Well, he sounds like a real floater, don't he?
Yeah.
Wow.
Man, oh man.
Maybe he can start his own airline, Zach.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Neil.
Neil, yeah.
I got a question for you.
Yeah.
Okay, good one.
Good question.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Let me ask you a question.
I'll, uh, about this.
One way in the last guy had a question,
then he hung up.
So you're going to ask it or, uh, now, what is it?
Any questions?
Let me, yeah, oh, sorry.
Uh, let me ask you.
I understand the, uh, the little Martinez and the, uh,
the human community are going out and they're saying
that you know the big thing.
Uh, and now I don't know how to not interested.
Okay, go talk to somebody else about that crap.
Not interested about male Martinez or the Cuban community,
or all this immigration crap.
Not interested.
I'm not going to get, get bogged down another alien and, uh,
Mary L. Boliv, all this other, a Garnish-Telphan man,
he might as well be farting into a wind storm.
Go talk to male Martinez about it.
Go talk to what his name is.
Get out of my face.
Okay.
Immigrants.
Immigration means legal.
Any country on, I've said this years ago,
any country that can't protect its own borders,
knows nothing about security.
So all this crap about homeland security,
and the terrorism, and, uh, you know,
checking the borders, and securing the borders,
and knowing who's coming in and who's naughty,
and I, it's all a dog and pony show, okay?
It's a much of a crap.
Just like they, I never got to that story that they've got,
the explosives that they put through at the airport,
the screen, no problem.
Zip them right on through.
You see that story?
I got it here in the pile somewhere.
They only had dirty bombs.
Undercover investigators slip radioactive material
enough to make two small dirty bombs across
U.S. borders and Texas and Washington state,
and a test last year of security at point,
American Poets of Endery.
They're just giving you a bunch of bull crap, okay?
If you believe that the government is securing you,
just go fly somewhere, go to the airport,
and take a look at the people they have screening the, uh,
the passengers, okay?
Take a look at those people,
and ask if you would place your life in their hands, okay?
I'm going to tell you right now the answer is,
absolutely not.
My God.
I'm going to tell you right now,
if I was lucky in my bank's ATM taking out like $50,
I'd be in one of those people who's screener at the airport
was looking at standing behind me.
I'd be like doing a green apple quick step.
I'd be lining it out of there.
I'd high-tail it in the other direction.
Get my drift, see what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Forget about it.
Homeland security in my ass,
it's a delusion, it's a mirage.
And by the way, don't stay at the mirage over the heavily,
they stop those bangle tigers there.
I don't know about that.
Right time, they start eating, you know,
sick food.
They start eating people.
Oh God.
Especially that the sick freedom, what's his name?
He's another one, sick freedom.
Roy!
We don't hear nothing about it no more,
and thank God for that.
Actually, I just saw something, I don't know where I saw it,
but he was walking around in it.
It was very clear.
Feeling much better.
Yeah, but it was kind of frightening.
After you got attacked by that tiger,
well let me ask you this question Roy.
What are you going to do about it?
You ferry.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
They're living people.
Hey, me and Gilbert up with Prozac Ron.
Maybe they're good pair, and the robber would be going.
They'd be going to the Hesse, they'd be going to the Hesse.
Yes, they'd be going to the Hesse.
Q-A-M.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
All right.
Hey, I want to know your opinion.
What, what, what, what, what worries you more?
North Korea or Iran?
Oh, God.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hello, Neil.
I take it right from our president, sir.
What, me, worry?
That's my philosophy.
I don't worry about nothing.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm worried about Robert Grieper than either one of those things.
Yes, sir.
Listen, yesterday saw my-
I'm easy.
You have an internet, I'm making a new website.
And listen, you have it in my eyes when it comes to this bush stuff, man.
I mean, this guy is incredible, man.
I can handle that for the Japanese-
and British-
British-
You're a man.
Okay.
Come on, he's becoming, he's still okay.
Boogie don't lift that out.
You're, you're, I mean, what's the point of beating yourself over the head with a, you know, bang
and you're heading to a brick wall trying to, you know, like trying to sell far-fledd
a bunch of goyems.
It did.
Forget it.
Ain't gonna work.
Like trying to sell Halovath and North Pole.
Forget about it.
It just ain't gonna happen.
And I learned that lesson a long time ago about, what about a week.
Nobody can weigh him, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just wondering about your question yesterday regarding athletes and cheering rooms.
Yes.
Did you get an answer?
Well, I, there wasn't a question.
It was a fact.
No, no, no, no, no.
In baseball, they definitely do not share rooms.
No room made, I traveled with a team for four years and they don't.
Talking players do.
Well, maybe they do, but baseball don't.
I can guarantee you a baseball doesn't hockey, maybe, yeah.
Well, baseball used to, I know that.
And I've translated living here now.
I have to watch the Montreal Canadians be the ones to do in the Florida Panthers.
Meaning what?
You're not from Montreal.
I'm from there and now I live here.
Oh, God.
Well, you know, that may be an improvement.
I mean, I can't think of too many places where it may be an improvement, but that could be a step up.
Oh, come on.
You like Montreal.
I do.
Are you kidding me?
You might be a part of my life.
They took all those frogs out of there and they were okay.
It's a beautiful city, but the people there suck.
I know you're saying you're done, but I know you're down to eat you must like it.
No, no, I don't.
I hate it.
Like, boys and all those obnoxious frogs when you go to the casino there and they speak to you in French and then you tell them the story of speaking English.
And they'll speak English for about two minutes and then they'll start with a French crap again.
I was a big.
If you don't speak French, do they want to kill you?
Here's your suggestion.
Don't go to the casino.
They're left to the down to great.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
And by the way, the ugliest people I have ever seen in my life.
Oh, Jesus.
Holy cow.
I mean, if you can't get like, we did that pull on candy yesterday.
They wouldn't actually have been under your favorite candy as eye candy since you used that spray.
I hate that.
But, but it fits right in.
There's your right and no eye candy.
There's eye or tankers in Montreal.
Oh, my God.
In fact, you look at the people there and you want to say,
I, but what?
What's that?
What do you want to say?
I mean, like here in Toronto, man.
Oh, my God.
You tongue would be on the top of your shoes drooling at the beautiful people.
See, the impression is that the Canadian women are all like real ducky looking and dress real ducky and stuff.
And there is definitely a category of those people.
But just like Berlin, the young people here are just unbelievable looking.
And I'm talking about people from all over it, especially the mixed breeds.
Remember I told you about that?
Right.
Like Asian and Canadian mixed, you know, half and half.
I can't tell which half is the best, but I'm working on it.
Oh, there's bubbles going to be able to air a king.
If you call some tales, will those be bubble miceies?
Yeah.
From Montreal's living in South Florida, what do you have to be used to all the language hate?
This is Neal Roderick writing.
Hey, enough with the pamphlets already.
When the hell was the baseball season of the get any way I am now a general reminder about the length savings.
Some days, some days, some days, some days!
Some days!
Daylight savings time!
I've been excitement swimming the hands of your clock ahead one hour.
Unless it's a digital clock and then you just have to press some button.
And the way the big day is Sunday!
Shining the daylight savings time!
Shining the two way ahead!
But you don't have to stay up until 2 a.m. to set those clocks ahead.
No!
No!
Before you go to sleep on Saturday!
Shining the lights!
That's what most people do anyway.
But either way, you're losing an hour hour.
There's a big lost hour!
The most exciting daily year!
It's all happening on Sunday!
Shining the sun!
Shining the sun!
Shining the sun!
Shining the sun!
Or better yet tomorrow night.
When you go to bed.
Okay.
I think I just found a great column here that I might want to read.
I don't want to do any reading on here.
How's the numbers coming in yet?
I have some 12 plus numbers here.
And...
They're 12 plus.
We are like one tenth of a point higher than the previous trend.
Woo!
A tenth of a point higher!
Let's play Jackie Wilson in higher and higher.
Come on, man.
We're number 14 and we're proud of it.
Anyway, Tom Harman writes today's immigration battle,
Corporate Histaversus Racist and Labor is left behind.
I kind of like this, I think.
I'm thinking I'm reading this and going along.
Uh-huh.
We had come down.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody, Doug Thompson, an article today about 9-11
that I just totally disagree with.
I didn't put it on there.
I mean, not that I have to agree with every article I put on our website
or that I'm going to read on here, but it helps, you know?
Uh-huh.
Okay, let's see what came over to you.
Let's see, let's see.
Let's all go away.
Go away.
Don't worry, Josh.
I'm not a stalker.
I'm not going to call it in this show, like the fake call it a disc called it.
And you are cute, but not cute enough to stalk.
It's all fun and games.
Well, this is a real Zack in mind.
It was a Tony Zack.
Right.
Now we got Zack wannabes.
Just like we want to be eddies.
I listen to the show every day.
So if you have a chance, a change of...
A change of the country means change your heart.
Just let me know.
Change your heart for what?
You know, if it decides to go gay.
No, he's not.
I can stop by the show one day and bring you lunch, but only if I'm invited.
The answer to Zack is no.
Go away.
He's not going to knock on the collar.
However, I do hear it in your voice.
The butch mean ones are always the biggest queens.
Oh, boy.
If you want me to fix you my phone number, oh, please God.
Now that's definitely from Zack Kranz across the street.
You've seen him.
Does he have a wife?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Zack Kranz.
Don't know.
Oh, this is a long column.
It's on our website tomorrow.
It's too long for me to read.
It's very long.
But can I read just one thing?
Both the corporatists and racists are a fund of the mantra
there are some jobs Americans won't do.
It's a lie.
Americans will do virtually any job if they're pitted these in ways.
This isn't about immigration.
It's all about economics.
Industry and agriculture won't collapse without legal labor,
but the middle class is being crushed by it by illegal labor.
Oh, God.
I like this.
Come, I read the whole thing.
Do it.
It's good.
I don't want to do it right now.
I don't want to give this whole immigration thing.
It's not a soft Florida topic that the double dog dare you.
Discuss intelligently.
I beg your pardon?
I said a double dog dare you.
Yeah, a dare you this.
Dare this.
Dare to be great.
Like then turn it.
Get a hair look first and dare to be great.
750 out of Robert Creeper.
Get a hair look.
Oh, there's Stephen Harper.
And the daughter.
Zack, hey, Stephen, you idiot.
God.
I got that straight about him.
Let me see if I wear.
I put that in my, I'll put that to the top of my pile.
Oh, God.
Remember I told you about that this morning?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, and then of course we got the story about this.
The Hadley memo about Bush knew that the rack didn't have the, you know, it's that, what's
the point?
What is the point?
Just keep repeating the same things over and over again and the people out there who don't
want to believe it aren't going to believe it.
Oh, yeah.
Prime target Canadian Prime Minister assassinated in video games.
This is from Canada.com.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper should hope life doesn't imitate art.
We will be cooperating on issues of importance.
Now, no way to make sure of these.
What language is he speaking?
Is he speaking in Spanish or is he speaking in prison in Mexico?
Is he speaking in French?
We must prepare.
Because you know, they're very fun to do with that here.
The politicians like his predecessor Paul Martin.
His name is Martin.
He's another frog.
A kevaker.
Anyway, that guy from Montreal, man.
No, no kid yourself.
It's a beautiful, it's really not beautiful.
It's old and dilapidated is what it is.
Montreal, and then that's why all the English speaking people from Montreal are busy coming
here now.
They don't want to hear that frog crap anymore.
They don't want to be persecuted because no part of the world will say.
It's a toilet.
A new top-selling video game keeps our kicks out and all that they do have good restaurants.
With a bang, a few bangs actually, with the assassination of the Canadian Prime Minister, speaking
continental, a sparking continental turmoil that only a leap group of soldiers can undo.
The kicker, the fatal shots are fired as the Prime Minister meets the Mexican and American
presence at the landmark summit in Mexico.
The same place the real life, Mr. Harper wraps up meeting with Votion Fox today.
The video game, killing appears in Ghost Recon, Advanced Warfighter.
The latest game inspired by a thriller author Tom Clancy for the Xbox 360 system.
The game, held by some reviewers as the best of its kind today, the soul almost 50,000
units across Canada, since its March 9th release is already the most popular game for
the Xbox 360.
Ghost Recon, Advanced Warfighter.
The real life Prime Minister's office had no comment on the game.
For those thinking of buying it to see the assassination, only you never actually see
it.
That part of the storyline merely sets up the game.
In fact, the similarities between the real life and video game scenarios begin and end
with the three leaders meeting in Mexico.
In fact, they're on the stage there right now.
Oh, I know what you're thinking.
Don't say it.
In the game, the continental chiefs are in Mexico, say, just on the North American joint
security agreement.
Software lumber didn't make the agenda.
Things are going smoothly to Mexican rebel, stronger leaders, rendezvous, and kidnapped
the American and Mexican presence, assassinate the Canadian Prime Minister and leave it up for
the game player to save the day.
The game was designed by Ubisoft, the worldwide firm with a flagship studio Montreal, that
employs 14 other people.
And no, it wasn't the Montrealers who designed the game was created in France.
Aha, France in your pants.
Abyn Fernandez-Lacy, senior coordinator for Ubisoft in France said, Canadians shouldn't
take offense to the assassination.
Oh, I don't think most of them would.
The other leaders had to live to keep the game's tension high.
Mexico's president needed to hang around a lot of conflict with the rebels while the
US president had to remain alive because they leaked their soldiers charged with the
rest of the Americans.
Basically, for the game, the Canadian guy was the only one we could actually sacrifice in
the story.
He said, we weren't being malicious or anything like that.
No.
In fact, it was Mr. Fernandez-Lacy who took offense at first because he was born in Montreal
and his half-canadian half-mexican.
He joked with the game's creators about hitting him on two fronts.
When they first sent me this scenario, he said, look, you're invading my country and you're
killing my prime minister.
And then he thought better because there's big books in there.
So there you go.
You're going to probably get a copy of that for your Xbox 360.
I can't believe it's nine minutes to the hour and I don't have anything.
The only things that I want are many team plus and persons 2554.
That's all I want.
All I need, like the temptation said, all I need.
Ain't got it yet.
What?
I ain't got it yet.
Well, what do you got?
What do you got a smile or a crown and anything?
Anybody giving it away?
Let me look at the 12 plus numbers and then you ain't them right back out of here.
Seven-never-69 votes on a poll.
We need to be close to 800 by the top of the hour.
We'll never do that.
We'll close.
You want to say?
No.
Well, I'm saying we'd like to get that thousand again.
They put the feather in our cap.
It's about the only thing we got to hang on anymore is those feathers.
And by the way, they might actually have the bird flu.
WQAM, hello.
Jump on.
See, it was really good that it was like isolated like that in the middle of nowhere, like in the desert.
Which would be a good place for them.
Clean extraction.
Just tragic.
Just really beyond tragic.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, I am.
Yes, sir.
Listen, most of your listeners aren't as well off as you are.
So by using that, you don't believe in God and that's not helping us.
We don't have to come right.
Oh, I see.
So in other words, I believe in God.
You got more money yet?
No, but get out of here.
Get out of here.
Go back and play with your boyfriend.
It's okay if you could find any equipment.
Do you think they come up with that stuff in the committee meeting or something?
Oh, I don't know.
They're just hanging around, hanging out.
Ryan Ling, let's see.
I bought your CD and a couple of teachers for a good cause.
Too funny it says.
Great air.
And let's see if it's not greenfield.
It's dreamfields.
It says, beamfields' process is great.
But do not add olive oil.
It stops the pasta absorbing the juice and the sauce.
And the meat will not stick to the pasta and the fork.
Well, I don't know.
Seems to work for me.
I refuse to listen to Curtis Stevenson and Worsey at Lenny Martez.
Too much red, bowler, caffeine, and more squeaky than guilty.
Curtis is squeaky?
Why is?
Child.
Curtis can't string a sentence together, but I'm not taking your breath.
I'll be three or four words.
It's like Morse code of speech.
I'd like to be evolving door to door except for Curtis.
Kids don't belong.
It says, well, this must be from Robert.
Happy 30th.
I've listened to 26 of those great years.
It's my 51st birthday tomorrow.
Oh, I see.
April 1st, aha.
Whatever that means.
Do you know what that means?
I don't know.
Regardless of the move.
X Christine Lee's band.
Did they have a band of Christine Lee's?
Yes, could be.
I don't know what that means.
Lee.
I have no idea what that means.
And this number says I just don't know.
Okay, thanks a lot to Brian Lee, whatever Lee Lee.
Whatever you're all about.
I have no idea what that means.
I don't see any numbers coming in.
It's almost noon.
This is called untruth and packaging.
I just stuck them in the machine.
They just you stuck them?
Yes.
Who's that?
Well, that is so sad.
Friend, from now on, just, just, just, just schmit can.
Yeah, they had that play.
Because you were encouraging him by doing it and then put on the job.
That's not going to start getting a complex.
777.
Oh, it's just unfair.
It's just nasty.
It's what it is.
You know, I mean, Josh Cordist is straight as narrow.
He's getting plenty of action.
He then, from females, he's not interested in any of you faggots out there.
Go away.
Very simple.
You know, that's something he doesn't have to say.
And I'll say it for him.
I could have said it better myself.
Yeah, there you go.
So just all your queens go away.
Go, uh, hit on somebody else that might be interested.
He's not.
Because that, you see, and of course, this is obviously the whole things
they put on because, you know, they tend to give fags a bad name.
We already got enough for legitimate bad name.
I mean, when somebody says no, that's all it should take.
Once, unless they're really hot, which leaves you out.
Okay, let's see what we got.
Speaking of hot.
I bet they're not going to be too hot.
They ate many teen plus.
This is overall.
Don't see them on their first page.
Although, look at the drop that I will be hooked with.
We say, because it's not important that we do well,
but that they go in the cracker.
Right.
And I haven't looked at these yet.
So, and you see, this is dropping off that hurricane stuff.
So people, I want to give you a son.
But all don't talk about the hurricane in the ratings.
There were a couple of months.
What do you mean?
What is for next month?
Sixth.
Yeah.
No, we are excuses.
We suck.
Okay.
And we admit it.
At least I do anyway.
CMQ 6364 in this trend.
They're going up a little every month.
Number one, CMQ.
No, speaking English.
We've got no hope.
Look at that.
Flat men.
302.30.
No change.
No change.
A CUME down a little bit.
And test and listening went up a half an hour.
But a CUME down.
303.30.
What about Waxi in men?
Huh?
This is men 18 plus, of course, which includes all those old parts.
Which is probably why a radio-mombi will do okay on it.
Yeah, look at that.
Look at that.
There are number three now at radio-mombi.
That's the ice.
They've been the last three, but trends.
That's three months.
5.0.
My ass.
See, that's why this is no that significant.
The men.
You know what I'm saying?
Because 18 plus means 18 up to 100.
Radio-swaven at Columbia stuff went from a 2-8 down to a 2-2.
They dropped off.
Uh-oh.
Waxi.
Damn.
That.
Men 18 plus 1, 8 in the fall.
1, 6 in the last trend.
1.9 this time.
There were almost a two-share.
They're getting really dangerous.
What do we got?
We got a three, and they got a 1-9.
Starting to tighten up just a little bit.
They're doing the tighten up with Archie Bell and the drills.
850, boy.
There's consistent three trends in a row.
0.5.
That's a 0.5.
How about radio America?
Scar America.
How are they doing?
I.N.Z.
See them yet?
On here?
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
I.N.Z.
2-7 down to a 2-1 down to a 2-2.
Oh, boy.
Drop and drop and drop and drop.
Just like dust pants.
1.57 a QNB.
Hello, this is David James of the Monkeys.
We'll never long in Miami, at least it's a WQAM zero-altitude show.
12-1 hours.
First, we introduced you to the new Gillette Fusion.
Pressure caused irritation, but the fusion had five blades.
They're closer together for less irritation and more comfort.
But now, Gillette brings you the all-new 25-blade fusion power extreme plus plus.
Throw out that old five-blade fusion and your own more.
That five-blade shaving technology was oh, so one month ago.
Step into the future with the new 25-blade fusion power extreme plus plus.
I know what you're thinking.
Does it really make a difference?
Just listen to these satisfying guinea pigs.
Oh, the brush head.
Uh, oh, oh.
Hey, Fred said it was the best shave he ever had.
The line?
The line?
I cut off my lips.
The only problem is I cut off my lips.
Oh, oh.
But feel my face.
Oh, oh, oh.
It's a veil.
Not not sure what he said.
Oh, no.
When you feel this razor across your skin and you'll know something's different, you'll have no choice.
It all happens with three easy steps.
Apply the fusion Hydra Gel.
Then shave with the 25-blade fusion power extreme plus plus.
Then stop the bleeding and run to the nearest blood bank for an emergency transfusion.
Hey, Fred, would you like to try the new 25-blade fusion power extreme plus plus?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, sure.
All right, here you go.
Oh, this one has blades of five.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Try the other side.
Oh, my God.
You can play it.
The new 25-blade fusion power extreme plus plus available with CBS ready.
20-ring.
Oh, I'm decoding.
But, well, one at five, 60.
Get along with the 75 blades, man.
Just to tear your face to smithereens to ribbons.
I also wanted Josh's back.
You guys are one.
Well, do you like the ones with the batteries?
Yeah, I got the new one.
I got the fusion.
The five-blade.
I just bought the fusion with the battery operator one.
I thought it was on the mod.
Yeah, the wife keeps stealing it too.
Take it into the bedroom.
No comment.
Anyway, look at this men 18 plus day parts.
Okay, now I'm scrappling it there as we had a good month.
We did a five-nine in February.
It's pretty good.
We're back.
Because that mean men 25 54, we probably did well.
I don't know yet.
But pretty good.
So yeah, I told you we're like, okay.
And not great.
Okay.
We're back on the map.
Back on the radar.
Don't play in the hurricanes now for those bad months in October, November.
W-I-O-D, what is this in the morning?
Oh, they took a wallop.
All right.
Correct them.
See?
That's where they took it too.
And look at this.
What did I just get you to tell you about many 18 plus and out focus
that demographic is?
The worst number one, radio mom B, all the old green two Tullios.
We know you're listening to me, but you're putting down radio mom B.
You're not pulling anybody, okay?
You're green two, domino playing old Julios.
Come and east, come and east, they're bulldog, all on the out we know.
Tired and old, that's you.
I'm getting old too.
I'm getting tired of it.
Sick of it.
Hot is number two.
They went zooming up to this is many 18 plus and a morning, six three.
Where's the hopper on here already?
Is he on the first page?
No.
Oh, God.
I-O-D went from 5.3 in a fall, which we know was bogus hurricane.
And then a 5.3 last time down to a 3.6 from number four to number five to number nine.
Look at that.
The Robert Creeper is probably screaming all of the hood.
Yeah, that's the I-O-D.
They suck.
Radio Cubia, La Cubia, they semi is up there.
There's...
Oh, God.
C-M-Q, look at that.
5.4.
How about Ron and Paul?
They had a good, uh, many 18 plus.
They went from a 4.8 to a 5.3.
They're number five, Ron and Paul.
And they're so tickled to death that's stirring us off of a regular radio.
That's the only chance they got is when stirring us off.
Let's see, uh, coast.
Oh, geez.
We continue declining in the morning, declining.
Now, do you want to extrapolation?
You want me to tell you what we did?
I can tell you.
Three, five, and two, one is what?
5.6?
You can.
You want it?
Oh, I can.
I'm a wizard of math.
7.5.
You'd subtract 5.6 if you were a 1.9 in February for the Humper, 1.9.
Oh, that's 6.10, though, of course.
And, uh, oh.
In fact, let's take a look at the morning and see how the other sports Estacio indeed.
Huh?
Let's take a puket there number in the morning.
We got a 2.5.
Let's see Joe Rosen, all those high-paid guys with those dollar-a-hawar spots.
What do they got?
Oh, geez.
1.9 to 1.6 to 1.8.
They're about flat.
They're about as if we're they're going to be.
So guess what?
Both shows are sucking wind.
If you ask me, I mean, that would be my analysis.
They're sucking wind.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
The big one.
That was fun.
Holy cow.
Those numbers are pitiful.
When you agree?
Yeah.
So radio on mortars number three and men in the morning and the CMQ.
Now nobody speaks English and I've found.
Forget about it.
Okay.
That's why we got the little Julio sitting around there with a big jug of Vaseline.
Who the hell are they kidding?
Midday CMQ.
Oh, my, see, here it is.
Here, right there in front of you.
Midday CMQ FM and men.
Number one with a, from a 6.8 to a 6.9.
This trend is 7.7.
They must add about 110 shares in his last trend.
And CMQ FM.
My ass.
Who are you kidding?
And this guy's counting me mantra all where they don't want to speak English and the same
itself.
Nobody's speaking English.
Speak it English.
We're going to put you back on a banana boat.
Audio illegal aliens, George.
Excuse me.
I OD went from a distance joke.
A1 to a 7.9 to a 6.0.
They went from first to second, but a pretty precipitous drop in share.
I OD.
All in right wing crap.
Radio mom B.
5.5.
We're a number four.
Still 4.7.
9 to a 4.3.
Up to a 5.0.
Oh.
There you go.
Now we got a number that counts.
Gloves 94.
Which, you know, any guys 18 plus will listen to love 94.
Are you kidding?
Magic over.
I mean, Ricky Tickie, that's because he called the show this morning, went from a 2.9 to a
3.1 to a 4.4.
All the way from 13th up to 6 in this trend.
Nice going, Ricky Tickie, who told Bob Hamilton the shove it and quit playing the tremoloes.
Place some music somebody wants to hear once in a while.
See, that's our buddy Ricky Tickie.
They went up in the, that's midday.
What did they do in the morning?
Isn't that when he's on?
So I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll listen to them.
Even when I'm there.
Sorry, Rick.
3.7 to a 3.8.
They went up a tenth of a point.
At a boy, Rick slow, slow but sure gets it done.
Like the tortoise said, to the hair under the cap.
How much have we got under the cap?
Don't you love when they call it on the sports shows?
Well, if they can get that on sign him under the cap.
Oh, please.
Put the cap back on the sideways.
Side saddle.
Do you ever see that spot, Josh, where Houston rockets the kid that's the Houston fan?
No.
He's sitting there with the cap and he turns the cap sideways and y'all mean his shooting free throws.
And he makes the first one.
The kid's got the cap on straight and he turns the cap sideways and he misses the next one by by like 15 feet off to the left.
He just throws it off to the seat like the, and then the kid is like, did he learn with his cap?
Never saw that?
No, I haven't seen that one.
You better get with it.
You better start watching more sports if you're going to work on this station.
If you're going to get that big promotion, you're holding your breath for.
They'll see for many Houston fans.
It's either a fact, by the way, Zach, you got about as much chance of a hit non-Josh as Josh has a good net deal with power.
This is actually kind of like straight and that should spell it out for him real quickly.
INZ, Trio and the fall book down to a 2-4 down to a 1-8.
Radio, uh, Aero America is dropping like a brick like a gigantic rock off the top of the Empire State Building.
Actually, 1-4-1-4-1-7 midday.
Oh, are they making a move or what?
No.
No way.
We got a 5, they got a 1-7, and that's 10-3 keep in mind.
So in other words, if we did a 5-9-10-3, that means we did a 6-something in-man in February, we did okay.
Like I said, start getting ready for some bonus money again here.
It's like a month of now, and I'll wait till I get it to start spending it.
Okay.
Well, that'll be like six months from now.
That's right.
I'll wait for them even if we do get it.
In the afternoon, look at that.
They're still number one at IOD, but look at the precipitous drop there.
The rushed junior, the master, the Schmidt master, from a 6-1 and a 6-2 and a 1-2 to a 4-8.
Love, 4.7.
CMQ, 4.6.
Nobody speak at English, okay?
I think they ought to give $100 to every old Cuban that puts down in diary, whatever they listen to do.
Then we don't have anybody speak in English that will put it.
You know, give $1 to the English-speaking people and five bucks.
And he got a family of 85.
It's like, figure that out, 430 bucks.
INZ in the afternoon, 3-9 down to a 3-1 to a 3-1.
Who, you haven't even know who's on in the afternoon.
Is it that the Ed Schultz guy?
Ed Schwarz?
Okay.
I don't know.
So what are they saying about this?
And they running around like chickens with their heads cut off like with a bird flu?
Say nothing.
In the afternoon, QAM35 and a fall down to a 2-5 down to a 2-4.
Oh my God.
And this is Post-Mo now.
This is including a month of Post-Mo as in Post-Mortem.
Now, do you want me to take it what they did for the month?
Mm-hmm.
See, I can do this because I got my extrapolations here.
Not that the audience can get it.
Yeah, but you got your top out later.
You got your top out later.
2-4 times 3-7-2.
They did a 1-8 in February in the afternoon.
CMAT Dog needs to follow me.
He doesn't need to follow a revolving show that's got no consistent host with no number.
He needs to be fought on at 2 o'clock.
Don't you agree?
Right.
You just have to be revolving the horse.
2-6. Come on, Mad Dog.
You can do it.
Do it.
Come on.
One for the gimp or a baby.
Do it.
Or if not, don't do it.
You don't want to do it.
They're flying.
And I don't blame him.
And I'll show you.
He's getting paid a fortune to work like 2-5 hours a day.
Well, these guys are real geniuses, man.
Joe Bell and this new crowd that came in.
You guys are rocket scientists.
And if we let Robert Greenford get around a lot more, we can be down to the...
Just like across the street on our sports segments.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
We can be on the two shares.
We can have fractions.
What did the Humper do again in February, quarter of my extrapolation?
1.9.
You said, holy.
And then it includes the big O who ordinarily from 5 to 7 throws a number in there.
I mean, some kind of a number.
He usually begins with some kind of a number.
Don't forget the big O at 2 this afternoon.
He's been doing OK between 5 and 7, right?
Yes, he has.
And that's because he doesn't have...
What's his name?
I wrote WinBag on with him.
So you're going to...
Now, what's all this other stuff?
Oh, 25 to 54.
The audience is going to pass out.
They're going to start eating green pills.
What?
No, this is what we want.
This should tell you about your money.
Don't you want your money like Tommy Gaines?
Oh, I'm very interested in this.
Well, there you go.
Maybe we got a shot.
Let's take a puke at it.
First, it's 25 to 54.
Because all you have to do is double it and then subtract like a little tiny amount.
Because we don't have any women.
Which is not like good on one sense.
But it never sounds good because it's easy to figure it out.
Now in a morning, person's 25 to 54, radio, amor, see what I mean?
Oh, this is the most heavily Hulio.
Last year, four months ago, we've ever had in the history since I've been in this market a hundred years.
Hulio, Hulio, Hulio, my God.
Where for art they're Hulio?
Isn't that what the... what's her name said?
Yeah, Hulietta.
Yeah.
Hulietta.
Tot 105, 8.7, my God.
It's an ethnic nightmare in these numbers.
Ethnic.
Big, 6.0.
Look at that.
They went up nicely there, Ron Rool-Paul, C-Man 25th person's 25th.
E-D-R.
About flat there, they're fourth.
W-X-D-J, no spigotting glaze.
They're number five.
They're dropping.
Thank God.
Thanks God somebody's dropping.
And that no spigotting glaze crowd.
CMQ-FM, though, they went up three tenths of a point to a 4.6.
They're number seven.
Radio-Romancia, their second win.
Too much of Luis Miguel, I think.
I-O-D, dropping like a big fat boulder in Colorado.
35 and a fall, 36 and the last trend, 2.4, down to 14th.
In the morning in person's 2554 and our coveted demo.
What the hell are we for Christ's sake?
Oh, Jesus Christ, Humper.
Man, 161516.
At least that's consistent.
See, a double it means we got about a three-year in men in the morning, 2554.
That sucks.
I'm not going to pull any punches anymore.
That blows.
How about midday?
Maybe we blow in a midday too, huh?
And out in the first page, I'll tell you that.
No, we're okay, too.
Come on, I'll move it on up.
Oh, we moved on up.
Well, that's pretty good, because at double that you get a seven.
So we got about a six, seven, six, eight.
We're not bad.
We'll take it.
Sure as hell beats a one-something.
Jesus, God, Humper, what?
You can even put dead air on it.
On this radio station, we could put the transmitter making pulsing sounds.
Okay, like...
For three hours, and get better than one shares on this radio station.
I mean, you know, you can't put one shares, you don't see him no more.
You know what I'm saying?
Come on, Humper crank it up a little bit.
Get rid of that iron windbag.
I keep telling him, please, please stop.
They won't listen to me.
Oh, God, I just want to plot.
But we're going to joke.
What an embarrassment.
I don't say that.
Embarrassment.
Right.
So that means we got to leave.
And of course, that's 10 to three, George.
So we got like a seven-something on thinking.
Right.
We're going to get some bonus money if we do okay and march.
All you people out there, please come through for us, please.
Listen a lot.
Even if you hate us.
Or even if you don't write it there.
All you people speak English.
Some of you speak out there that aren't over 100 years old and aren't obsessed with pedalededella companies.
Please help us out.
Because we're up against it, man.
We're up against an ethnic nightmare in these ratings.
We're going to start doing the show bilingual.
We're going to tell you what the other buy was.
That's what Zack's hoping for.
And by the way, Zack, Josh says you ain't got enough money to buy him.
Or anybody.
Which is probably why he's so desperate.
12, 13, speak on a desperate.
Look at it as if we had no trade.
There'd be no issues.
Oh good microphone.
It fits right in, you know.
It fits right in with his ambiance.
First, Steve.
Do I have some bad news?
If anybody has a pain, yeah.
Disassume.
Disenting from our way.
We'll place your name into the system.
Now, as in the me of the state.
What's the issue?
Don't even start to question.
Just follow unto faith.
Everybody's standing by.
Ashes USA.
Don't go too far.
In the eyes of history, now.
We're watching all of you.
Everyone does a special.
So much fun you.
Disassume for nation.
And all you might miss.
The bush for the landation.
As a USA.
You gotta hate those Jews.
Of course, it's successful.
And Clinton's in our rose too.
We leave everything we care.
Under state, run you.
What's all it?
Blood, war and four, cornbread.
Build up your escalaries.
A roof and chainy bush, bring you.
Ashes USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs.
So, about the economy's cool.
You say we're fascinated by change.
Don't you?
Don't read no stupid form.
Welcome.
All our residing.
The massive harrots can wait.
Everybody's turning back in.
Let's ask USA.
First, come in with a life rat.
What's that thing you put around your neck?
Safety vest.
Did you look at these persons 25, 54, 3 to 7 pm?
Yes.
Read them and weep.
They're number twenty-first.
They're down here like 15 feet under the water.
INZ, Scar America, that's Ed Schultz or whatever it is.
Two, three in a fall book down to one, five, and they're still
20 and one, five.
Air America is just about done.
QAM, two one in the fall.
This is persons 25, 54.
1.7 in the last round and now 1.5.
So, those three that were like just a hair below,
actually our human's higher than INZ.
So, how come they got the most ahead of us?
I see they have more people listening to average of the row.
I'm veerishing.
So, we got to be both by Waxi and INZ in the afternoon between three and seven.
And I would say right now that you people this new regime that thinks they're so clever,
you're killing one of your most important people in the afternoon.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh right.
That's what I'm talking about.
They're killing them.
See, they think they can continue with this revolving door and it's real cute.
We can see they like two to four is like isolated in their mind.
Like it's all by itself, but it's not.
They think it's like a separate day part, but it's not.
It's dripping right down my nose.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I'm going to have some kind of a lead-in baby, some kind of a lead-in.
And when the mad dog used to be on a two-and-half vision was a lead-in,
he used to maintain those big, big fat numbers.
We were like one big happy family baby.
We were kicking big fat, serious, smelly sports talk ass and other.
But no.
No.
Then the geniuses came in.
And of course this precedes the fruit.
This is this current mismanagement crowd that we got.
That came about with that whole deal with Joyce.
Joyce and Caroline.
And making all kinds of threats.
And then of course trying to keep everybody from going across the street.
No, gee, what do we got to do to keep you?
But in the meantime, what we want you to do this and don't say this.
Just a nightmare, just a mess.
Just a mess.
And then of course Greg, like most people do in their lives,
he kicks his ass out of there.
He high-tails it out of the building.
And leaves behind like everybody splattered all over the floor.
Like people had massive, like E. coli, like an epidemic of it.
Like we're all in a cruise ship.
Everybody had wild E. coli and just left a giant mess on the floor all over the building.
Of course an ed building, how would you know the difference?
But nevertheless, rhymes with mess.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah, what do you say?
Now these guys think that by putting some 15-year-old kid in their program director,
who's in there with his little buddies, you know, sitting around playing my song all day,
or spinning the bottle.
Hey Zach, I'll tell you what Josh turned you down, but I think Robert might go along with it.
And Clarence.
Now the beast he's spoken for, but in his case, who would have wanted to touch that anyway.
But I'm just saying, Robert and Clarence might, they're one, in fact,
maybe he could replace him and the traveler, Zach could come in.
Yeah, there's another beast to go around.
Oh God, what a thought.
Jesus.
How could he actually be?
Well, I don't even say it.
I don't want to articulate the words.
Forget about it on the air.
Just even off the air.
I don't want to say it.
The conjures up such grotesque thoughts in my mind.
Anyway.
So, well, we did okay.
Of course, a lot of that probably happened to be with the whole lot of publicity.
The March 1st, that big anniversary thing, you know what I'm saying?
Because it's December, December, January, February, which spilled over a little.
Or maybe possibly on the next one we'll get the goose from that.
The goose that laid the golden egg.
But that's what they're doing.
They're killing the goose that laid the golden egg.
Goose Mandage.
What night is nickname?
It was Goose, uh, what's the name?
The pitcher.
Goose.
Goose.
Goose.
Goose.
Goose.
Goose.
Goose.
Goose Mandage.
So, if I was mad dog, I'd just have known, and he will be on for more.
Oh, he's not going to be in the building.
Hooders and Durral.
I'd come in early before the show, before I'd went back out there.
And start puncing a few people right in the post.
You're killing this man.
Okay, all of these only on two and a half hours tonight.
So, he's probably happy.
He was, he worked like 40 days a year.
He's got, like, I mean, what kind of a deal is that?
Well, I'm only going to work like 30 days a year.
About 30, man.
And that's it.
Like, whole month of December, he was gone.
Forlund Husky was singing, singing, singing, singing since you gone.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Boy, to see that.
And of course, that's not any feathered-been-air camp over there.
This is a bastard talking to any trash.
Don't be listening to that crap.
Because when you got a 1.8, when you're like 21st in a market or something,
you can choke up about it or what?
Yeah.
Sounds like a really bad thing.
Oh, I don't blame you.
But you shouldn't be.
You should get rid of that.
Because it looks like we might be, if we get a little kiss,
we need a little kiss in March.
Okay?
I was that, Zach will take care of Josh on that count.
Just a little pick on the cheek.
How's that?
No?
How about, like, you know, like a little wave?
Yeah, like through the window.
Hey, yeah, like the wave.
Yeah.
Or maybe just looking at one of them like Scalia did with that,
like the fingers under the chin, you know, like that.
Of course, we don't know how we interpret that.
But see, like, lunch is still right in investigation.
And everybody knows it's all because of that book, okay?
He had been doing squat.
And you know, I saw Joe Turing out in a few days.
They made a very good point.
They only changed the laws in baseball, the rules in 2004.
As far as Royds.
So all of this stuff about what very bonds did,
or this one did 98.
You know, from the standpoint of, well, 2000, yeah, that's right.
Starwood penalties, they began drug testing in 2003,
and started testing with penalties in 2004, like I just said.
I finally got something right.
So if they find out they were doing stuff before,
well, what differences to make, you know?
It puts a gigantic taint on these phony records.
But we already know that they're phony.
That we don't know all of a sudden have guys like Mark McGuire.
I'm very bonds hitting, you know, 65 and 70 home runs in Sammy Sosa.
Sammy Sosa.
Right.
But now what are they going to do about it?
You understand?
That would be my question to what's healing.
What are you going to do about it?
You fair.
Right. That's what I'd say to him.
Look, I'm right in the eye.
Jack Ass, he is.
What a jerk.
I know he's still got that job, Josh.
I have no idea.
He's got to have naked pictures of guys
that room together on the road.
And I don't care what that guy from Montreal said.
Baseball players used to have roommates on the road.
Good call, sir.
Yeah, well, you're so full of crap.
And hockey players still room with guys.
They don't have their own individual rooms.
Are you crazy?
They're supposed to understand that in hockey.
Lower budget.
All the way around.
Beach Ford has gone mad.
It's madness and March all.
And why are you so upset about that?
Anyway, suppose they are rooming with some veterans.
I mean, they're doing something and they're not trying to do that.
I'm not on it.
What are you talking about?
You are, I'll tell you, you're like psychotic about that.
I mean, I show like the supernatural.
That's the only thing you can talk about.
I have the fact that these two guys,
and you keep, you know, pretty soon they'll be like senior citizens.
So you keep boosting that age up.
They're speaking of goose.
These two, 60-year-old guys,
they're speaking of the same rule.
I don't know how to motel.
Well, what we do.
And separate beds.
Couple inches apart though.
Yeah, that they put together.
They've got a long reach.
Hey, Beach Ford has gone mad.
But boy, this is it today.
It's the last day of March.
It's madness and March.
And it has been all this month at Beach Ford.
They dismissed breaking their record in February.
So they've been working like crazy to break it this month.
Right now, it's 10 K4, that's 150.
There was always 249 a month with 995 bucks down plus fees
with a proof credit in the 39-month lease.
Magnus and March had been Beach Ford.
It means you've got to be crazy not to take advantage of rebates
and discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles.
But today is the last day of March.
So you better get your ass in there if you're smart.
And if you're not in the market for new car yourself,
but know somebody who is, send them into Beach Ford today.
Because if they take the liberty today during this last day of March,
Beach Ford will send you 200 bucks just for sending them by.
They'll miss out on this once a year event.
But like I said today is the end.
Beach Ford madness in March.
Extended cam for their phone 50s.
Low is just 249 a month.
Discounts and rebates up to 10 grand.
And $200 just for sending by a friend.
So hurry on in today.
Because this is D-Day.
Beach Ford two miles east of the Golden Graze on 163.
Westix, you highway.
It's Guadanete Baby.
You will love your Beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-KAS.
The best.
Absolutely.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
I don't care who you are.
And I cringe every time the wind blows.
You're fairy.
In my pants something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
Let's become a hero baby.
And I cannot feel my thoughts.
There's a feeling in my fingers.
And my pride that parts are false.
Oh my God.
Oh my nose is about to fall.
There's a cloud every time that I call.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might have to get my thoughts.
That's because it's zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth forever.
I'm a red hat like the lover.
But first I need to be thought out.
Yes I need to be thought out.
Even scarier news by the way.
That's the thought.
Then the previous news.
Men 18.
I didn't bother looking in the afternoons before my oversight.
INZ, scar America.
They're like, they're second wind.
They got three one down from a three nine back in the fall.
Three one and another three one next trend like now.
But QAM 2.4, men 18 plus 2.4 tied for 20th with WSDJ.
And 22nd right under ass, Waxi with a 2.3.
Who would have ever dreamed that they could do this to a Mr. Mayor.
May I dreamed it?
They did it.
With that 2 to 4 man, with a with a off the air a lead in.
It's not working boys.
Telling you right now you better get off the pot and make up your mind.
Do something instead of ringing your hands.
What would you do?
The first thing I would do is get a real program director and get rid of the triumphant of children.
That's the first thing I would do.
Listen to me though.
I put like an adult in charge.
I don't know what I told Joe Bell when he was right in there before.
Right to his face.
Yeah.
And what I said puts an adult in charge and get rid of this kidney core man.
Kidney core radius okay at the UN.
I had a theme about the UN last night that actually was working there like to fill in.
Because they were desperate.
There was nobody there to run the board.
Enough to drag you in.
Enough this business.
Anyway, how are we doing now?
We're going to get our thousand votes today.
Oh please.
Please don't leave us for the weekend without a thousand votes.
838.
That's kind of great.
We'll do it one way.
Yes we will.
And we haven't hardly had that we had only one addition for the pool.
What movie should be compulsory viewing for all Americans?
Furnight 9, 11,441.
That's well over 50%.
The Godfather 132.
I didn't know no Godfather.
Network 68.
That's the correct answer.
We'll make for column only 50.
Because you love your guns.
You're obsessed with guns and bullets and shooting and killing all of these things.
Tachrachorn's 27.
The deer 125.
1984 or 20.
Birth of a nation 20.
I love the way Bush said that.
Nation.
They would like SH nation patients.
Gone with the wind 19.
Born on the 4th of July 18.
A roots 15.
I had Alex Savi as a guest at my show on KAT many years ago and now he's dead.
I made great expectations 3.
Out of 838.
So that's where we are boys and girls we're doing the flak.
Did I say that's headed to we're okay.
We're fine.
Not sensational.
Oh we're fine.
We're like a training water.
Okay the others are drowning.
They need the life rest and we're like a training water.
Good God Almighty.
These people are they are they gonna I mean is there any sense of like no.
Which leads right into that old my favorite expression where there's no sense there's no feeling.
Which is Chinese for Gornish Elfen.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yes last week or earlier this week on that poll you guys forget and culture to see her naked.
Yeah right.
Yeah he's right we forgot.
There's more to run off for lunch.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Come on you can do it spin it out when it's out.
We hear you we hear you knocking but you can't come in that's probably Zach.
Five six seven that's it that takes care of the cause I was gonna take a whole flurry of cause now that we got those trends out of the way.
Of course the audience is all gone because they don't care about those numbers.
What are all those numbers mean not much.
Not much you mean said you know things just thing what they used to be but then again what is you know when you come right down what what the hell is.
Did you get two guys calling today and thank me for my green fields pasta.
Yeah that was nice we had Rick Shaw on the phone I was pretty excited.
In fact that was a highlight of the show so far if you would ask me what was the highlight.
Rick Shaw will be the next highlight to a clock.
Yeah.
WQAM hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
When I first saw your poll this morning the first movie I thought of was 12 angry men.
Okay.
Can you add that to it?
You sure can.
What about injustice for all?
I don't recall that one.
Would Al Pacino?
No sir.
Okay well you ought to see it.
Carvings and justice for all they both about the jury system and about how you know they both have a message right.
Yes they did.
Not a Sicilian message but nevertheless a message.
You know what a Sicilian message is yeah I was going to say it but I'll let you know I don't want to say it.
Look at Brassie's face with the fish.
Yeah it's a Sicilian message.
Oh no I'm not going to give it that message like Scalia was given up that.
That was a new story by the way that I read that I was in the Italian.
There was no problem.
It was kosher.
I checked it with Joyce.
She don't know her Italian.
Although she likes to do the Nambu Italian.
WQAM hello.
QAM.
How are you sir?
Okay sir.
I wanted to call for two reasons.
One to say one of the movies that I think everybody should see is the moving of the movie about how they rigged the jury with Gene Hacker.
I thought it was a fascinating movie.
And also I read this story last week about all the rabbis coming to the aid of Abraham.
And they were saying oh he was such a generous man.
I'm thinking yeah no joke.
He was ripping all this stuff off and of course he was given some money to the getch piece to write him.
You betcha that's right.
You betcha they all love them.
Just like when the mobsters were on a hot seat the church always used to come there side.
They never stole a freight train.
They were very generous with the church but it would be all like crap.
I'm the Louisville.
I can't work him for them.
As long as they get their piece they don't care where it came from.
I'm just remember I don't have any cavities because I don't have any teeth.
Okay good luck to you pali.
Rinse him out.
When it got rinse him out.
That didn't sound like the original guy.
I have no cavities.
I have no teeth.
No not even close.
But he's doing a good...
He's probably practicing in a spare time.
WQAM hello.
QAM.
Hi.
I'd like to make a submission for the poll.
Yes.
Wagged a dog.
Boring.
5670560.
You're going to put that on there?
How do we do care?
I never saw it so I would admit it.
No one.
He just another voice person obviously.
There was a shot of Clinton as well.
It was all a change of subject.
He would wrap a few bombs on a rack or whatever.
He would have changed the subject.
Of course the subject never should have been up in the first place.
Who gives a crap about how many BJs he was doing with Monica?
Or what else he was doing under the desk?
Who cares?
What's the good thing this is?
Here's all these dead people.
Now 2326 that Americans plus countless thousands and thousands and thousands of emancipated
Iraqis.
They mentioned on the news last night of all things.
On the NBC news right there on my TV set no less.
They mentioned the fact that Iraq now is the biggest mess of any country in the Middle East
and that the standard of living there in the condition of the way the people are living
day-to-day in the violence is so much worse than any other country in the home at least.
This is what we've brought on them.
In addition to which what else my story about the women?
See I got away from my pilot.
It's your fault.
I'm sorry.
It's not my fault.
Oh we had these damn numbers coming.
I know that's more important than anything.
Oh John McCain by the way that's sell out.
He's speaking in Lindsburg, Virginia.
It's here he fell while I was in.
Yeah, true ahead.
Oh here's the article Sodom was better for the women.
Okay?
This is from the Enterprise Service.
Women were far better off under former Iraq dictator Sodom was saying a women's group has found
after an extensive survey in Iraq.
Under the previous dictator regime the basic rights for women were enshrined in the constitution
who was on Makhmoud from the organization of women's freedom and Iraq told IPS to interview.
The group has a sister organization of Madre and international women's rights groups.
Even they don't want to speak in any place.
Madre Myas.
Under Sodom she said women could go out work, unit go to university, get married to divorced and civil courts.
But now women have lost almost all their rights and are being pushed back in the corner of their house.
The recent constitution which was written under the U.S. government supervision is very backward and anti-women Makhmoud said.
They make Islam the source for law making in the main official religion of the country.
This in itself means Islam is sure to be a law and according to this woman will be considered second-class citizens who will have no power into making decisions over their lives.
The whole of Iraq society has been subjected to chaos and brutalizations you said.
Security is absent. All basic services and above all the protection of women's rights is in no way on the agenda of any of the political parties who have been hand picked by the U.S. administration and the so-called installed parliament.
Madre is calling for deployment of a UN-led peacekeeping force and an immediate end to U.S. occupation.
As the crisis in Iraq intensified, what did we do a job on them? I mean for them or why?
We did one.
As the crisis in Iraq intensified, the groups as women and their families in Iraq face an urgent need for security, functional government and the provision of basic services within a human rights framework.
Over three years of occupation, the situation is becoming more dangerous and bleak with the presence of the occupying forces and the more violence and terrorism is in function in Iraq, the more women will fall victims of such climate, she means saying.
This is Neal Roger. This is 5.60 Q.A.L.
If you've been riding around your little ride, a pussy for bandsaw, thank you. You probably pretty hungry, ready for an arrest.
Let's go on, though. Go home, where you gonna watch your hair, keep your elbows on the table, sick business, thank you.
You know what I'm gonna do? It comes to us, cause we're not showbara!
The new self-service Mexican restaurant.
Excuse me, I'd like to conquist the door special.
Hey man, you can't keep whatever you want cause I ain't gonna get it for you. We're not your mama.
Let your mama serve another pass up and a thing you want. Let's know we should go back and make it yourself.
Ah, that was crazy.
Hey, where you going? I'm gonna go pick that up for you. Why so expensive man?
So for a tax match with no respect, it's not your mama.
Do it yourself, we're not showbara.
From 45, Q.A.L. we got the big O2 in the revolving door. That revolving door, they're killing, we have what who cares?
I'm gonna read this article by Tom Harbin, who he is, best selling, award-winning, best selling author.
He also was host of the National City of Citi-Daby Progressive Talk Show on Scare America and Sirius. I'm Sirial.
Really?
He's got their books including What Would Jefferson Do, Ultimate Sacrifice, and his next book Do I Have This Autumn is called
Screwed, The Undecided War on the Middle Class, and what we can do about it. Screwed.
Today's immigration battle, corporate-ist versus racist and labor is left behind, that's the head in the heading. Tom Harbin.
See, he says this all so much better than we could. Me, you, Josh.
Well, maybe Josh could say it better. I doubt it.
The corporate-ist Republicans are fighting with the racist Republicans and it provides an opportunity for progressives to step forward
with a clear solution to the immigration problem facing America.
Both the corporates and the racists are a fund of the mantra, there are some jobs Americans won't do. It's a lie.
Americans will do virtually any job if they're paid a decent wage. This isn't about immigration, it's about economics.
Industry and agriculture won't collapse without illegal labor, but the middle class has been crushed by it.
The reason why 30 years ago,
The United Farm Workers Union founder Caesar Shava has fought against illegal immigration, and the UFW turned illegal during his tenure as president,
was because Shava is like progressive since the 1870s, understood the simple reality that labor rises and falls in price as a function of availability.
As Wikipedia notes, in 1969, Shava's members of the UFW marched through the Imperial and Kochale Valley to the border of Mexico.
The protest was used to illegal aliens as temporary replacement workers during his strike.
Joining him on the march were both the Reverend Ralph Abernathy, and US Senator Walter Mondale.
Chavez and UFW would often report suspected illegal aliens who served as temporary replacement workers as well as those who refused to unionize to the INS.
Working Americans have always known this simple equation, more workers lower wages, fewer workers higher wages.
Progressives fought and many lost their lives in the battle to limit the pool of labor hours available to the Robert Barons from the 1870s to the 1930s and thus created the modern middle class.
They limited labor hours by pushing for the 50-hour week and the 10-hour day, and then later the 40-hour week and 8-hour day.
They limited labor hours by pushing for laws against child labor, which competed with adult labor.
They limited labor hours by working for passage of the 1935 Wagner Act that provided for union shops.
And they limited labor hours by supporting laws that would regulate immigration in the United States to a small enough flow that wouldn't dilute the unionized labor pool.
As Wikipedia notes, the first laws creating a quota for immigrants who were passed in the 1920s in response to a sense that the country could no longer absorb large numbers of unskilled workers despite pleased by big business that it wanted the new workers.
Do a little math. The Bureau of Labor Statistics says there are 7.6 million unemployed Americans right now.
Another one and a half million Americans are no longer counted because they've become long term or discouraged unemployed workers.
And although the various groups have different ways of measuring it, most of us at least another 5 to 10 million Americans are either working part time when they want to work full time or our under-employed doing jobs below their level of training education or experience.
That's between 8 and 20 million on and under-employed Americans many unable to find above poverty level work.
At the same time, there are between 7 and 15 million working illegal immigrants that are looting our labor pool.
If illegal immigrants could no longer work unions would flourish the minimum wage would rise and all our recognitions to our south would have to confront and fix their corrupt ways.
Between the Reagan years when they were only around 1 to 2 million illegal aliens in our workforce and today we've gone from about 25% of our private workforce being unionized to around 7%.
Much of this is the direct result as Caesar Chavez predicted of illegal immigrants competing directly with unionized and legal labor.
Although it's most obvious in the construction trades over the past 30 years it hits all structures of our economy.
Democratic Party strategist Anne Lewis just sent out a mass email on behalf of former Walmart boarded directors member and now US Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton.
In it Lewis noted that Clinton suggests we should have an earned path to citizenship for those already here working hard, paying taxes, respecting the law and willing to meet a high bar for becoming a citizen.
Sounds nice. The same day on his radio program Rush Limbaugh told a woman whose husband is in legal immigrant she had nothing to worry about with respect to deportation of him or their children because all he'd have to do under the new law and their consideration is pay a small fine and learn English.
The current directories of Walmart are smiling.
Meanwhile the millions of American citizens who came to this nation as legal immigrants who waited in line for years who did the hard work to become a citizen are feeding insulted he really needed in conned.
Shouldn't we be compassionate of course but there's nothing compassionate about driving down the wages of Indian nation's middle class.
It's the most cynical self-serving greedy and sociopathic behavior you'll see from our conservatives.
There's nothing compassionate about being the national enabler of a dysfunctional oligarchy like Mexico and the illegal workforce in the US sending an estimated $17 billion to Mexico every year.
Second only in national income to that country's oil revenues supports an anti-democratic anti-worker hyper conservative administration that gleefully ships out of the nation the troubles of Mexican citizens those lowest on economic food chain and thus most likely to present labor unrest to the USA.
Mexico and other sending nations need not deal with their own social and economic problems so long as we're willing to solve them for them at the expense of our middle class democracy and central and South America be damned their profits to be made for Walmart.
Similarly there's nothing compassionate about handling higher profits though a lot through a larger and thus cheaper workforce to the CEOs of mergers largest corporations and are now experiencing record profits construction agriculture industries.
What about caring for people in need isn't that the universal religious slash ethical value of course a few years ago in my family and I were visiting Europe one of our children fell sick.
A doctor came to the home of people we were staying with visited our children at 11 o'clock at night on a weeknight left behind a course of antibiotics and charged nothing.
It was paid for by that country's universal healthcare system kind of like when I broke my hand in the Amsterdam we should offer the same to any human being in need of medical care it's a universal human right in the US.
But if I had applied to that nation I was visiting for for a monthly on on employment or retirement check I would have been laughed out of local government office and if I'd been caught working there I would have been deported within a week.
Caring for people in crisis and need is very different from giving a job or monthly welfare check to non citizens known nation even those in central and South America will do that and either should the US.
But if your legal immigrants won't pick our produce or bus our tables won't our prices go up the recent most recent mass email conservative variation of this argument targeting paranoid middle class Americans says you want to pay an extra $10,000 for your next house the answer is simple yes.
The wages would also go up and even factor the housing or food prices and CEO salaries and corporate profits might moderate back to the levels they were during the golden age of the American middle class between the 1940s and Reagan's declaration of war on the middle class in the 80s.
We saw exactly the scenario played on the US 50 years ago when unions helped regulate entry into the workforce 35% of American workers had a union job and 70% of Americans could raise a family on a single 40 hour week paycheck.
All working Americans would gladly pay a bit more for their food if their pay tax were both significantly higher and more secure this would even allow for an increase in the minimum wage as it did from the 30s to the 80s.
But what about a repressive regime are we deny entrance to this generation's equivalent of the Jews fleeing Germany.
This is the most tragic of all the arguments put forward by conservatives in the hopes compassionate progressives will bite.
Our immigration policies already allow for refugees and should be expanded. It's an issue that needs more national discussion and action but giving a free pass to former Coca-Cola executive is sent a fox to send workers to the US and that's what having to deal with his own corrupt oligarchy and to equate this to the Holocaust as an insult to the memory of those who died in Hitler's death camps and to those suffering in places like Darfur under truly repressive regime there is no equivalence.
It's frankly astonishing to hear progressives resetting corporates racist conservative talking points recycled through conservative democratic politicians trying to pander to the relatively small percentage a recently legal mostly through recent anesthesia or birth immigrants who are trying to get the relives into this country by means of Bush's proposed guest worker program or the many variations there are being proposed.
It's equally astonishing to hear the few unions going along with this in the sad sliced desperate hope of picking up new members turning their backs on Caesar Chava as in the traditions and history of a mercant progressive and union movements by embracing illegal immigration.
Every nation has an obligation to limit immigration to a number that will not dilute its workforce but will maintain a stable middle class if it wants to have a stable democracy.
This has nothing to do with race, national origin or language. Just as it's Switzerland with ethnic and language divided areas it has everything to do with economics.
Without a middle class any democracy is doomed and without labor having through control of labor availability power and relative balance to capital management no middle class can emerge.
America's early labor leaders didn't die to increase the labor pool for the robberbearers or they Walton family they died fighting to give control of it to the workers of their era and the hopes that we would continue to hold it and infect other nations with the same idea of democracy in a stable middle class.
The simple way to do this today is to require that all non-Maphyg immigrants go through the same process to become American citizens or legal workers in this country.
No amnesty, no guest workers, no legalizations regardless of how they got here.
The confront employers who hire illegals with draconian financial and criminal penalties and who affirm that while healthcare and the right to provide humanitarian care to all humans is an absolute right for all people within our boundaries regardless of status, a paycheck education or subsidy is not.
The Republican and Democratic corporates is to want a cheap labor force and the Republican and Democratic racists who want to build a fence and punish humanitarian aid workers are equally corrupt and anti progressive.
As long as employers are willing and able without severe penalties to hire illegal workers people risk life and limb the gravity American dream.
When we stop hiring and paying them most believe of their own volition over a few years and the remaining few who are committed to the U.S. will obtain citizenship through normal channels.
This is after all the middle class American dream and how much better this hemisphere would be if single and South Americans were motivated to stay in their own nations because no employer in the U.S. would dare hire them and to fight there for a Mexican dream and a Salvadorian dream and a Guatemalan dream and so on.
This is the historic progressive vision for all of the Americans.
What a good call by Tom Hartman, huh?
I love it.
Yeah, there we go.
I'm right.
God, I feel like I just had the kind of a sexual experience all over.
Oh, you too?
I'm just telling myself off.
That was pretty good.
You don't think?
It was great.
He thought that he had a good thumb right on it, baby.
That's a lot of it.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
He did.
I say we all get a huge raise starting with George and Josh and then he, well, maybe through
the ceiling.
Hey, 178 votes, you know, we better get whether rock and make that one, 179.
You folks are slack at always different listening to me for that Tonto ratt
Street.
I said, you know my heart man, my heart man, I'll tell you that.
What do you see on our guy?
He's 78.
He's 78.
He's 79.
Mayhidia.
Uh oh.
So we need 121 in the next hour and four minutes and we better get it to go into the weekend
without making that thousand votes no matter what we did in that book.
And you know that I'm telling you that two to four is killing us and they're sitting
there out by the me but like they're hands are tied behind their back like this.
Like if they're frozen in time like they're in suspended animation or something.
This is personal.
One question.
What are you going to do about it?
Just very clearly.
We're down.
Okay, just start the route.
And when I'm up in Belkettikas, laughing all the women with painted lips around the
pool.
I listen to the Neal Rogers one to two.
I mean, I listen to the Neal Rogers hair and balance one to two hours.
Well, if you see all ratings for the last book.
Yeah, I know it's worth talking.
Sure.
Good afternoon, viewers.
What's your back?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
I got to think about it.
my back dome.
My back dome.
His back dome.
My back dome.
His back dome.
His back dome.
What you are going to do about it?
Oh yeah?
Your ass.
Yeah.
Your ass.
Yeah!
And I want one time in your house
What are you going to do about it?
Yeah.
You failed.
885 horse.
Well, I think today were like really up against it.
I thought we were going to slide right on in to you.
I thought it was a great article.
It was a great article.
It was sensational.
Read it.
Read it again.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
We must walk it down.
Oh, a Neil Strenning to play music.
I think we might just play music.
Coaster music, I'm sure.
Yeah, the kosher kingdom.
Coaster, sofa.
Or, and then, where we now, now, we'll throw in.
And still get the good numbers of those sports shows.
You see the problem is narrow casting.
You're already looking for a little slice of the pie.
Now, basically, what's happened is it's divided into two.
Maybe some parts of the day, we got a little bit more.
They got a little bigger piece.
Whatever, but it's divided into two.
It's not going to expand.
Okay, there just aren't these growing numbers.
But, what Ray Perry was talking crap.
There's a giant number of sports nerds.
And by the way, speaking of Ray Perry, where's my Marlins tickets?
That's a good question.
Opening day, well, that's a road game.
What's the opening home game, John?
I love it.
Oh, the other pie is the 11th day.
So next week, I want to make sure that we get those.
And George can like mail him to my house.
I don't expect to just schlep them all away up there.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
No, I'm just saying, make sure that they get to my house to my, uh, whatever.
No warehouse.
Somehow.
I'll, uh, I'll call Dave and have them meet me.
Dave ain't got nothing to do with it.
Okay.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I don't get some of the tickets in certain people in that building who are like chub them all up for themselves.
You know?
Shopping them.
I'd rather anybody get the tickets.
I don't care myself.
Neither.
Couldn't care if the Marlins bell's never played again.
They've also known for their concept of the most divine.
This whole sports thing, man.
It's, uh, it's like a, like a disease.
Oh, 895.
If we can get up to 900 by the next time I refresh this, we, we might be okay.
Because Josh is counting.
Okay.
I'm counting on it.
Now, seriously, I mean, here we are.
We got the number of the only one on the station.
I mean, what?
The number there in the morning.
I love Hank.
Don't keep me wrong because I know some of you are all, here he goes.
Rip it on.
I'm not.
But those numbers that he's pulling in there, man.
I mean, I, I'm serious.
We could put like a grandma Moses farting on here.
If Joyce wouldn't prevent it, I mean, get better than one shares.
Well, what is that?
A one nine and men?
That's incredible to me.
Incredible.
Bearizing.
You know that nine or that.
Sorry.
They couldn't leave it alone.
What did I say when we had the more early in the morning and Joe Rose and E to 10 and we were doing 10 to 2.
And then mad dog 2 to whatever.
And then Hank was on in the afternoon and kicking ass.
Everybody was kicking big, fat, smelly old ass.
Sports and otherwise.
Okay.
Sports and non-sports ass.
And now, now, because Greg Read and the Beasley's couldn't leave it alone.
We went through the Ferell nightmare and Howard Stern nightmare and all this other crap.
And we're still like a pirate station without a license.
Because these people are out there.
They're the experts.
We know nothing.
Zipity do that.
We know zero.
I do know one thing.
And that is that you can't have a bunch of children running a major market radio station.
It doesn't work, Joe.
Okay.
So somebody needs to get somebody's thumb out of their ass and like get with it.
It's already the 1st of April tomorrow, no fool.
And this business about, well, I just barely got my feet wet.
Yeah, well, stay out of the damn pool.
Okay.
You won't get your feet so wet.
Put on some shoes.
Man.
Charles will choose.
Charles and choose are the good.
Let's talk about candy bars.
Let's play the candy record.
I'll wait these bastards up.
904.
See, I told you.
I refreshed it. 904.
You excited?
No.
And I'm going right back to my pile now.
Okay.
I've been wasting a lot of time, huh?
Good.
Now I'm going back to my pile.
I'm dipping on into it and the pile too.
Maid says beauty turns a tech beast.
This is on the front page of the New York Daily News.
Smiling for the cameras, Naomi Campbell,
died glided along the sidewalk shortly after allegedly bashing a crystal encrusted blackberry
against the head of her housekeeper.
You have to bitch.
The cantankerous catwalkers shriek yesterday inside her park having a penthouse apartment accusing her maid.
Anna Skolavino, who at least doesn't sound Mexican anyway,
was stealing a pair of $200 chip and pepper jeans sources to say,
oh, chip and pepper jean, I never heard that in my life.
Did you?
No.
Josh?
Right.
Hit onto the clothing scene.
You know.
Chip and pepper jeans?
That a hearty member.
Raging.
Campbell cracked the blackberry against her housekeeper's head at eight o'clock in the morning
and then demanded her a staff tell cops the 42-year-old made it hurt herself falling.
Oh yeah, it was an accident and somebody got hurt.
But the senior-based supermodel servant alerted officials at Lenny's Hill Hospital
and soon politely survived a Campbell's three-and-a-half million dollar apartment to haul her ass away.
Campbell 35 and 50-year-old had no idea what cops were talking about and showed them a footphone,
not the blackberry, as opposed to proof sources said.
But the cops' copter, disappointing Oprah Winfrey camera crew waiting to film her for a cooking segment,
oh yeah, oh yes, I'm going to read that last sentence again.
The cops' copter, disappointing an Oprah Winfrey camera crew waiting to film her for a cooking segment,
Oprah, you bitch.
Ever the diva Campbell hid the handcuffs under a white fur poncho, sources said she also asked her
right in her own car to the police station house and then paused as her minions big cops to let them
picture bangs before she was escorted outside.
The requests luckily were denied.
She told her people to lie to say they made tripped in her head a police source said
her staff is terrified of her, afraid she'll go off on them and to lose her paycheck.
Campbell, as a history of allegedly beating and headbutting her help, was questioned for hours
at the Manhattan or Creasing Station House, flanked by cops she emerged at 4pm in the same flowing
poncho, black-sweighed bootstarts sunglasses in a baseball cap.
Looking to see what it says on the other, it says BRAS SIL on the baseball cap with El Azaz.
Sorry.
Flanked by cops she emerged, I just said that.
The perp walk turned runway shoot was captured by more than 100 photographers who had gathered
to see the former sports illustrator swimsuit model.
A source said the black-brow he used in the attack was in case an ace Horsky crystal holder
that featured several bobbles.
The black-brow he wasn't recovered.
It featured bobbles, bangles, and beads.
By the Kirby stone for our bitch, a little chicken neck, remember that.
By the way, he can get my check in or not because he hasn't cast a yet.
You get nervous, hasn't told me.
No, I know, because it's certainly on the way.
I beg your pardon?
I will accent.
Campbell called the allegation that she attacked her housekeeper completely on two.
She is sadly mistaken as she thinks she can extract money from me by concolking lies.
Are we segmenting old stories of supermodels in the statement?
I've asked my lord looking to filing both theft and extortion charges against her.
Right.
Campbell says she had questioned the housekeeper by missing items and fired her for that,
that and her erratic behavior.
Campbell was charged with assault to face up to seven years in prison of convicted.
During her brief court appearance, a judge nodded the prosecutor's in the request for $3,500 bail.
Judge Richard Weinberg issued an order of protection against Campbell and released her on her own reconnaissance.
He also allowed her to keep her passport, so she could leave today in a scheduled charity trip to South Africa with Nelson Mandela.
Surrendering her passport would not only be unfair to her, but to the children of South Africa, her lord David Breitbart said,
Scolovino a berphant got four stitches to close that gash on her head.
Meanwhile, Campbell's ex-assistant Annie Casteldo 33 scoffed into models and niles,
saying she was attacked by Campbell in 2004.
She abuses people Casteldo, saying somebody's got to stop her before it's too late.
How do you like that, bitch?
God.
All these people with money, man, they think their stuff don't stink.
Well, guess what?
It smells probably even worse because she's eating all that gourmet stuff, no doubt, you know?
Tricking that says yes and he said you a thank you note in me.
No, he don't need to thank me, just they just want to make sure,
because when you're sending checks for millions of millions of people,
hey listen, I take care of my people, man.
And just because you mentioned that much is take care of Josh next week too,
not the way that Zach think either.
Can't send that to you, okay?
Oh, well, it depends on what I send him.
And what he does with it.
See what with the kids.
Now, he's a good people, Josh.
You know, they really like crap because he's part of this.
I hope you were prepared for that.
I hope George should be there.
I warned him on that.
Said it's a double-edged sword.
I wouldn't know.
Said we got our perks, but everyone's going to be there.
Like I said, I'm thinking maybe things are going a little bit tight
with bad days of woodbying.
What were you saying now?
I said, I just joking.
Oh, brother.
Why is it always like that?
It's been that way since he before I even came into building, was that way?
I think you said the stage for George, right?
No, it was that way even at the other place, but not like it was here.
Anybody connected with a show is the end.
We have it on this station, see there's a different deal,
because we're the anti-sports show.
We're not part of these sports fraternity with the balls and the bats and the joc straps
and sniffing OJ's butt and all that crap, you know.
So we're like the anti-sports.
The anti-sports and anti-neil.
And you put that all together and we're like the odd men out.
So this business, Joel Bell, gave me how he was going to take care of you guys.
He took care of me all right.
Got off that big economy-sized jar of Vaseline and took really good care of you.
I told him, Joel and Joel, he knew that terribly.
Yeah, he knows when he came in this morning.
I told him right to his fat little face.
Get some adults in there.
Get rid of this kitty-core you've got.
I tell you, Clarence wants to snap some really nasty naked pictures of some of the people in there.
It's gotta be.
It's gotta be.
How else could him and Robert still even be there?
At least the beast is good for a few last ones in a while and some good rumors.
Sports.
Clarence and Robert and that one.
And by the way, you noticed when Joe Rose came back on this station
and was doing very well the right to 10 thank you before we turn the center across the street,
which was an idiotic mistake.
You know what?
He didn't want Gellie on the show no more.
After Mo sent Gellie packing and he didn't want no no more Gellie.
Remember that? And Joe did very well.
Sans Gellie.
In fact, he did better without Gellie than they ever did with that worst team crap.
Anyway, the top US hurricane expert said yesterday that this year's hurricane season is likely to be stronger than average.
Though, it's short.
Thanks, God.
Deal, come on.
Of the record, 2005 season.
You know, we're still trying to put the pieces of Wilma back together again.
I'm sure you're aware of that.
You are in so where everybody else.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It will be an unbelievable and by the way, my neighbor, if you're going to send a pool screening guy over to us,
don't send somebody that's going to like nail a cross up there on a house.
We don't want no Jesus alone.
Okay, we don't want no statues of Virgin Mary.
We don't want no baby Jesus.
We don't want no crucifix on the door.
I'm going to, when I next time I get down, I'm going to nail him a Ziz on her doorframe.
Just because I'm so peeled at those people, putting religious tracts on her doorstep.
God.
Anyway, Max Mayfield could old Max.
He has just heard hundreds of matter.
He says it would be an unbelievable record to have another season like last year.
It says not very realistic.
Un, they leave him and acceptable too.
We can't deal with it.
He warned that this year's hurricane season, which officially begins on June 1,
might be stronger than average though.
I think everybody's going to say we're going to have an above average season here,
Mayfield.
For news conferences, San Juan Hotel and Puerto Rico, we don't have the numbers worked out yet.
A record 27 tropical storms formed in 2005 with seven becoming major hurricanes,
including four that made landfall in the USA.
Representatives from 25 countries in the Caribbean and North and South America
met in the Puerto Rican capital yesterday to discuss hurricane preparedness,
ensuring paid to help improve forecasting, the national NOAA and the ARC.
The National Center for Environmental Protection released their official hurricane forecast,
May 22, which might be a little more accurate than those witch doctors and fortune tellers
and psychics that we had.
Remember that story the other day from Vegas?
Kind of silly crap.
Although that story was true though about how it would hand come out there,
they did develop that ambulance with a big crane in it.
That's bad.
That one was a true story.
It was to help people 600 pounds and more in case they had emergency a problem
as to what it said.
And on the heels of that world record record record the breaking buffet,
you know the hyper when it gets to those buffets, man.
That's incredible to me.
Now you don't take NOAA blood sugar.
In fact, if we could get his ratings as high as those blood sugar numbers,
this is Neil Rogers.
You can fat ass this.
Try the UPRELL STU.
If it doesn't come out, look to the theater.
All the signs it's just that you feel it.
The show is full.
All the signs we get to try later on.
Tough luck to say.
Time to get rid of time to get prosy-peak.
Well, I'm so sorry, everybody knows.
I can't come up there, I'm so sorry.
So sorry, everybody's here.
I got to deal with that so we'll be straight.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
There was no hard chickpeas Jesus Christ,
T.A.P. Finally,
that's your name in the riot,
T.A.P. Jesus Christ,
the love of your God,
are you with love that descends?
130 and 560.
I think as far as the immigration thing,
just deport everybody who listens
to non-English language radio.
Okay, see ya, Ma.
Oh, yeah, like I said.
Oh, that works for you, I guess.
I gotta go see her this weekend.
Why?
To birthday.
Oh, I'm not gonna die on your birthday.
Yeah?
Just mention that.
970 votes, we're gonna make that thousand.
You're impressed by that or what?
And Debbie does Dallas has nine.
How do you like that?
Karl Rowe, President Bush's Chief Political Advisor,
cautioned by the White House AIDS
in the summer of 2003,
that Bush's 2004 re-election prospects
will be severely damaged
if it was publicly disclosed
that he'd been personally warned
that a key rationale for going to war
had been challenged within the administration.
Rowe expressed his concerns,
shortly after an informal review
of classified government records by then,
Deputy National Security Adviser,
Steven J. Handley, determined that Bush had been
specifically advised that claims he later made
in his 2003 state of union address
that a reckless procuring high strank aluminum tubes
to belay nuclear weapon.
Tube might not be true,
according to government records and interviews.
Handley was especially concerned
that the public might learn
of a classified one-page summary
of National Intelligence Estimate,
specifically written for Bush in October of 2002.
The summary said that although most agencies
judge that the aluminum tubes were related
to a uranium enrichment effort,
they state that the variance of your intelligence
and research and the energy departments intelligence
bread believe the tubes are more likely
intended for conventional weapons.
Tube!
Three months after receiving that assessment,
the president stated without qualification
and instead of the union address January 28, 2003,
the British government has learned
that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities
of uranium from Africa.
Our intelligence sources tell us that he's
intended to purchase high strank aluminum tubes
suitable for nuclear weapons production.
Tube!
A previously undisclosed review by Handley
was part of a damage control ever launched after
former ambassador Joe Wilson,
alleged that Bush's claim regarding the uranium
were not true.
The CIA had sent Wilson to the African nation of Niger
in 2002 to investigate the purported procurement efforts
by Iraq.
He reported they were most likely a hoax.
The White House was largely successful in diffusing
the Niger controversy because there was no evidence
that Bush was aware that his claims about the uranium
were based on faulty intelligence.
Then CIA directed George Tennant swiftly and publicly took
a blame for the entire episode saying that he and the CIA
were at fault for not wording Bush and his aides
that the information might be untrue.
But Handley and other administration officials
realized that it would be much more difficult
to shield Bush from criticism for his statements
regarding the aluminum tubes for several reasons.
For one, Handley's review concluded that Bush had been
directly and repeatedly apprised
to the deep rippling of the intelligence community
over whether Iraq wanted the high strank aluminum tubes
for a nuclear weapons program or
for conventional weapons for another.
The president, others in the administration
had said that the aluminum tubes
is the most compelling evidence that Saddam was determined
to build a nuclear weapon even more than the allegations
they was attempting to purchase uranium.
And finally, full disclosure of the internal dissent
over the importance of the tubes would have almost
certainly raised broader questions
about the administration's conduct
in the months leading up to the war.
Presidential knowledge was the ballgame
since the former senior government official outside
of the White House.
It was personally familiar with the damage control effort.
As they said during Watergate,
what did the president know and when did you know it?
Uh-huh.
The mission was to insulate the president
was about making an appear he wasn't in the know.
You could do that on these years.
You couldn't do it with the tubes.
Fuck you!
A Republican political appointee involved in the process
who thought the Bush administration
had a constitutional obligation to be more open
with Congress said this was about getting past the election.
Most troublesome to those leading the damage control effort
was documentary evidence albeit
and highly classified government records
that might be able to keep secret
that the president had been advised
that many in the intelligence community believed
that the tubes were meant for conventional weapons.
The one page documents known as the president's summary
are distilled from much lengthier national intelligence estimates
which combine the analisation
of as many as six intelligence agencies
regarding major national security issues.
Bush's knowledge of the state and energy departments
to center with the tubes is disclosed
in a March 4, 2006 national journal story
more than three years after the intelligence assessment
was provided to the president
and some 16 months after the 2004 presidential election was stolen.
The president's summary was only one
of several high-level warnings given to Bush
and other senior administration officials
that serious doubts existed about the intent
of use of the tubes according to government records
interviews with former conservatives.
And it goes on, on our website.
Insulating Bush.
Speaking of very civilized people and speaking about what's dot.
Remember they were talking about the Indian woman with the dots?
Yes.
A doctor in India has been jailed
for repeating the sex of female fetus
and then agreeing to abort it.
As the company moves to enforce tougher laws
that are designed to curb the widespread practice
stemming from a parental preference for male children.
How can they have a billion people there
when they just they don't want any women?
I don't know, it'll catch up with them soon, I'm sure.
Dr. Ainal, oops, bigger partner.
A N I L. Dr. Annell, sub-Sanney, Ainal.
Hey, wait, that's his name, I'm sure.
He's Dr. Ainal.
I'm sure you've known many of those.
I just saw what he was doing.
It was jailed for two years yesterday.
He was found guilty after he told an undercover investigation
she was carrying a female baby
but that it could be taken care of.
Although abortion is legal in India,
gender testing on fetuses is not.
It's not.
Many Indian parents routinely choose to terminate
pregnancies if the child is a girl
because they seem to be a financial burden.
Well, they have to have those dowries, you know?
That's right.
That's stupid.
Remember the father dowry mistress?
With Tom Bosley?
The result is that there are only 927 women
for every thousand men in India
and the number has been steadily falling for years.
Some of those young Indian guys, let me tell you.
I guess they haven't been around women that much.
Maybe just mommy.
Hey, listen, don't knock it in well.
Cheating at every contact is almost as bad as cheating
on your mate and smoking pot isn't as bad
as drinking to excess.
And that good news for you?
That is.
Now see, there's you and Josh.
Josh is a big drinker and you're a big dwell.
Go on to pot.
And it says here, smoking pot isn't as bad as drinking
to excess.
That's what a cross section of Americans
reportedly, Pew Research Center's latest social trend study
released this week in Washington, DC.
I'll just start smoking a lot of pot.
There you go.
Georgia hooker house.
Not anyone.
No, he won't.
Unless you got some good bucks.
Well, maybe when you get that check from Vokabran.
It is so sad what's going on in that place.
It is so freaking sad.
You know, I might just next week, like I said,
time to go on strike.
Because these people don't seem to want to get off
their duff, you know what I'm saying?
Get off your duff already.
No.
Not that tough.
They just don't seem.
And this, what did I tell you a couple of months ago?
This business about, well, you know,
how can we do worse than Moe did with a one-one?
Well, God, I got news for you.
The contest isn't to see whether we can do worse or not.
The contest is to see if we can put somebody on in there
who can actually get a number higher than a one or a two
or higher than this law and law and it's wealthy, guys.
We do a one or two in a three.
And I don't see too many a three.
Anyway, just to very start to present a blunt test
about Americans think is moral by measuring the responses
to 10 questions.
It recognizes that questions of morality
are generally sophisticated and complicated.
The survey did not measure intensity of feeling.
Judgments about right and wrong are by nature
profound and in real life, often nuanced and situational.
By contrast, the survey question here
is a blunt instrument to research center
in the assistance report.
Even so, the alignment of responses
to the 10 questions points and interesting portraits
of contemporary Americans so-called morality.
Aren't you interested to find out
would you follow Americans think?
That really, I am not either.
On the surface, the study was questioned
over 1,500 people last month
presents a fascinating set of contrast
on questions of moral behavior.
The peer researchers sought to create a barometer
of modern morals by ranking the 10 issues.
I mean, they should talk to Dr. Aylder in India.
At the top of the list, 88% of respondents said
Mary people having an affair was wrong.
Well, see right off the bat, I think that's crap.
3% said that would be morally acceptable.
7% said adultery is not a moral issue.
I'd say I think it's none of your business.
They're like that.
Right, it's okay as long as the other one
don't fight out.
That's right.
And as long as you don't bring anything unwanted home,
no surprise is that too.
And then of course some people at home
would give you something unwanted.
Well, Dr. Second, on the list, 79% said it was not
more of a holdback in reporting income and income tax forms.
Just 5% said that it was okay.
14% said it wasn't moral issue.
And 1% said it depends.
I think June Allison said that.
Number three on the morality scale was drinking too much
booze, Josh.
61% said drinking too much booze was not moral.
You pervert.
Well, 5% said it was okay.
31% said it wasn't a moral issue.
And 2% said it depends.
Depends on what kind of booze you drink.
That's right.
And it was paying for it.
Fourth on the list was having an abortion.
52% said that would be morally wrong.
12% said abortion was morally acceptable.
22% was not a moral issue.
11% said it depends.
A lot of depends.
Smoking pot was number five.
Half the respondent says smoking pot was morally wrong,
which means more people oppose excessive drinking
than a post-moking pot.
Only 10% said post-moking was morally okay.
A 35% said it wasn't moral issue.
And 4% said it depends.
And how many seeds it's got in.
Homosexual behavior was also viewed as not moral by 50%.
With 12% saying that it was morally acceptable.
33% saying it wasn't a moral issue.
And 1% saying it depends on who you do it with.
Telling a lie to spare someone's feelings with you
is not moral by 43% with 23% saying that it would be moral.
26% saying it wasn't moral issue.
And 6% saying it depends.
Sex between unmarried adults, boy,
Josh has got a lot of problems in here.
Without worrying about you, Zach.
Sex between unmarried adults was viewed as not moral
by 35% with 22% saying it was morally acceptable.
37% saying it wasn't moral issue.
And 2% saying it depends.
And how hot they are.
The same number said gambling wasn't moral.
With 17% saying it was morally acceptable.
42% saying it was not a moral issue.
And 3% said it depends how much you lose.
Over eating was last on the list with 32%.
Well, I got my own issues on this one too.
I guess I got 32% saying it wasn't moral.
Issues 6% said it was moral.
58% says it was not a moral issue.
And 3% said it depends.
Well, 32% said it was moral.
It's immoral to eat too much.
I guess it depends on what you're eating.
Right.
While the numbers are interestingly
may not say much about behavior,
then a lot of people probably feel guilty about something.
The eternal revenue service is the overall non-compliance rate
is about 16%.
That caused something like $345 billion a year
with nearly 200 billion that amount coming
from underreporting a business income.
Having an affair might be roundly condemned
to report noted but other surveys showed
at least 15% of those ever-married
have had sex outside of their marriage.
20% of men and 12% of women report that kind of behavior
and a whole bunch of them lie like crazy.
Men are morally disapproving homosexuality
than women, although both vendors
have similar views on abortion.
The old are more disapproving
of homosexuality than the young.
Oh, yeah.
All the old trolls that I see around.
The older the young have similar attitudes to abortion.
For Catholic abortion is more and more
than homosexuality.
Well, the priest never leave to hear that.
Married people are also more disapproving
of abortion and unmarried.
Conservatives, frequent church growers,
white evangelical Christians,
and those ages 65 and older are in majority saying
that eight or more of these behaviors are morally wrong
and they're probably doing at least nine.
This is the new Roger's.
Petaphal.
Oh.
Whoops.
You watch it now, now.
odon.
another infant Gyllenst bech
sporting favor
Anyassia, what's a
Jesus why do we not hang in that to torture?
Oh, she's a bully.
Oh, she's a bully.
Give me the Christian right, the Luther right.
Oh, she's a bully.
Oh, she's a bully.
I pass this bully.
Here's our last time, please.
Through a home to a place.
Stop with all these matters.
Let me wash back to say,
Who is she a bully?
Who is she a bully?
I'm a bully.
I'm a bully.
I'm a bully.
Who is she a bully?
I'm bad she's a bully.
Watch it, I'm not.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
See you a little faith with your 996 votes.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Watch it.
I don't know why does it have problem with her?
They are happy to develop the score with at least a few months.
And I remember it.
at honey, the wallah, a representative from the school's community leaders form.
But Mr. Campbell said that visit would go ahead.
So we'll be asking our children to join the protest by the stop the war coalition at the
school.
All right.
There you go.
Say more, Condor, Leezard, Edgo, stop the war.
You bitch.
You liar with your mushroom cloud with your BS.
She's another one.
Total sellout.
Dike.
Sellout in every respect.
We ought to end the week with a few with a Fourier call since now we got our thousand
votes of it.
Do it.
And start with that flurry right there.
Flurry of what?
Of what?
Oh, we got a flurry of theory.
He was in the back seat to sleep.
He didn't know what was going on.
997.
We still don't have it lit yet.
997.
I keep refreshing the still.
See they're playing with our emotions again.
How could injustice for all only have one vote?
I was at, Debbie does Dallas has got 17 already.
Yeah.
It's more important.
No, no, I agree with that.
I don't doubt that.
998.
See, one at a time.
Very slow and liberally.
Okay, we're going to take a bunch of call now.
We don't have any.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, that's because the label built up for like another half hour.
Don't forget mad dog at who doesn't derail for the 6, 30, 7.
That's the formerly extremely popular mad dog whose number is now being destroyed because
management won't put anybody on regular two to four because we got guilty on all the
time.
Oh, God.
For Mr. Mad Dog, what did systemary manage ever deserve a fee like that?
There's very few things in this business worth that worth worth than having a crack
he needed.
Oh, God.
That was funny.
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
It's so fucking.
Yeah, right.
And you know something that he makes a good point.
But as long as in other words, I think the joy thing is as long as somebody will pay us,
we'll say anything on here.
We don't care.
You and I can't say it.
We can't play it.
But if somebody pays for it, then it's okay.
Follow what I say.
That's right.
Just like when Tommy cut that cheese last week.
I just dreamed that.
It didn't happen.
That's right.
Did not.
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
Did Chief Robden ever make it up to Canada before he died?
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, the modicol.
How you doing?
All right.
Modicol.
Modicol.
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
They kick.
Yeah.
QAM.
No.
No.
No.
Yes.
Are you?
Okay.
Let me suggest a poll for the next Friday.
If you want, your favorite frozen, our food, a dinner.
Yeah.
Okay.
Your favorite frozen food.
Yeah.
How about your favorite spice or condiment?
How's that?
Or condiment?
How about the easer paprika?
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Nice to meet you, Roger.
Mom, what do you speak like into a phone or like through a, you know, some kind of
a fishnet?
I'm sorry.
Hello.
You got a mushy phone, man.
Speaking, yes.
What do you got?
This is them.
They don't care.
They just don't care.
Whatever you say, you idiot.
Wow.
Now they give you some prosack.
Go over and see a prosack, Ron.
Maybe he'll give you a handful and some pills too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See that?
That's why he was trying to talk to a stranger.
See if he like this guy's a voice.
Like he really works.
What are you?
Idiot.
You jackass.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
You're a little bit more than you do.
Why?
I told you it wasn't like when I had a diary about two months ago.
Thank you so much.
Well, how long will it go?
How long will it go?
Oh, just about six, eight weeks ago.
Oh, well, that wasn't this.
Okay.
Well, thanks anyway.
Thanks so much.
Okay, get a real phone.
Anyway, everybody's talking like this now.
I like to do a straightener, like to the bottom of it's in cash.
I don't know what that's all about.
What's that all about?
I don't know.
It's just lucky right now.
Although most of these calls,
I've discussed my voice too to be honest with you.
I bet you we got our 1000 now.
I haven't even taken a pukou.
Oh, yeah, thousand nineteen.
All of a sudden, the big, a big flurry we get indicted with a lot.
A whole bunch of crap, including where is it?
Debbie does Dallas 20, see?
And we got a thousand nineteen.
See we still be one short if we're talking Debbie does Dallas.
And you're asking me like for serious?
Yeah, not.
For serious or maybe XM.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.16 Q.A.L.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
Hey, it's Ali.
Ali David.
Welcome back to the Mojawa David show.
We're a chuckful as any, but good clean family one.
I'm here and you're there.
It's your mine.
I didn't tell you to phrase.
Hey.
You know that pipe smoking thing's rape is funny?
Is that funny?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Since when is gang rape funny?
What do you require of me?
I require you to drive your beds.
But I see it right now.
I don't know who's paying.
Drop it off.
You're like a pig.
Get your head up.
Yeah, that happens at me.
That's my fella.
Don't touch my fella.
Keeps up.
I'm tempted.
I'm super funny.
You want to raise me?
Like this way thinking it's funny.
That's why.
Open it bad.
Open it up.
Open it bad.
Open it.
Open it.
Open it.
Open it bad.
Open it bad.
Get your ass out of that.
Say, if I gotta watch these H-pots off my head.
One.
One.
One.
One.
What are you some kind of fairy?
I'm not.
What do you know about me and who you're more on?
I've been writing up to know the difference.
We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
This is sports radio over here.
We love men.
I'm just point on.
I don't care.
To get paid by the devoid.
I'm not going to make something out of this creepy paper.
Understand?
Then maybe let up.
Hold the links.
Or else if you're out of my pants.
Okay.
You can't.
It's a joke you're more on.
Oh no.
There's more shit in my pants.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Hello, Warren.
How can I help you?
You see, Warren?
Yeah.
Keep getting raked.
Yeah.
I'll look into it right away.
Thanks, Warren.
Somehow I've tied some putty.
Now drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
That's a more candle.
Give you something to do while you're watching golf.
Like this.
Or in the hot liquid in your eyes.
Like this.
Ah!
I'm going to the door.
The door.
The door.
Don't shoot it.
And I'll look into my mead.
Don't guide me.
I keep different.
Now, pin-wise.
You want to work my show?
You foolish and told me.
Now get over here.
Yeah, that's right.
Now come here.
Now get over there.
Come here.
Now come here.
Now come here.
I'm over here.
Not there.
Over here.
Go to the beach.
No.
I did not spill those heat.
Go to the beach.
Now see here.
I ain't no pie.
By glaring girls.
I did not spill a proof.
That way we have one slice.
Put your headphones in a glass door.
See if anybody's inside.
No, close it.
Close it.
Close it.
I'm getting like that.
I'm getting sleepy.
I'm getting sleepy.
I'm getting sleepy.
Oh, you're a tough guy.
I have to lie.
You're a thief.
I have to lie.
You're a thief.
Now see here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
I'm right out right there.
Something gets stuck beside.
I'm the new Pope.
See here.
I stand before you now.
Let me bless you, my son.
Let's adore him.
Let's adore him.
Let's adore him.
Let's adore him.
Well, perhaps you'll garner my, under my tutelage.
I don't want to look for that tutelage.
I don't want your tutelage over me.
No, no, I'm not.
Oh, please, no.
I'll never bite me in.
No, no, no.
Of course it's more important that I have lived you.
Why, I'll have to get on.
No, no, no, no.
I go home now.
Oh, I'm sure.
Watch out for Mr. Whippon's.
Wee-hoo.
Wee-hoo.
Wee-hoo.
Wee-hoo.
Wee-hoo.
It's more.
It's more important.
Wee-hoo.
Wee-hoo.
Wee-hoo.
Wee-hoo.
I've got about it.
That's what I say.
And kiss my ass.
Bye, bye, bye.
