I'm here to go again.
Another losing season that's never gone and they never win.
They never will and I will never know why sports are a straight
victim.
No one is super bold.
They're a Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's number.
How many teams of the league?
They're two.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's the same old story nothing new.
The Dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the very start.
I watched a picture game and did you see the wimpy wave?
It's saving through that flag standing on the sidelines.
We look just like a fag and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins from first.
How many teams of the league?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They're problems, siktor, they're like glue.
That's a loop.
The Dolphins was the footballer and then he can't see.
It's only by sheer luck that they pulled out of the query.
And then they played the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point passway that fumbling outside kick in there.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins from first.
How many teams in the league?
Ready to.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Oh and no more, it needs to shoot.
I'm kind of mad.
A Dolphins can't control the ball.
They're running, game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone a flow of lead of that.
You can be sure.
And when they leave the field so has a stench of common.
They're in there that Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of glue.
Woo!
Woo!
No!
But Dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games lost to the Patriots and jets.
I think they're already parted.
It's almost like their curse.
As Jason Taylor and Zectomis,
which team is the worst in the whole state?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Number four.
What the hell?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now there's room.
You know what they're a motto is now.
Next statement's motto for the rest of the season?
Stay the course.
Oh.
Anyways, 10.04 at 5.60 W.E.
I'm not about that crap.
Okay, I mean, what's the point?
They got to buy this week.
They will not lose this weekend.
Let's hear it.
To the fish.
They will not lose.
Too bad about those Tigers last night.
Well, why didn't they show up?
Anybody interested in the World Series?
No.
No.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
Whichbest describes you in football program?
Speaking of sports.
And you know that new morning show we got the Kenny in football morning show?
Yeah, what about it?
The first spot.
Hell.
Anyway, getting back.
Whichbest describes you in football program?
1539 votes of no interest to me.
494.
Of no interest to me.
32 percent.
Almost a third.
It's a disgrace to 124.
Of course, we already knew that going in.
A dynasty 185.
Talk about living in the past.
A joke.
145.
Thugs.
139.
Thugs did very well.
I hate this poll.
94.
It's exciting.
86.
And boring.
You in football.
72.
There you go.
George has no interest.
He couldn't care.
He just would have voted.
He wishes they would just all stop playing with these balls as well.
He wishes.
Oh, I just put the crap.
It was me.
Stop already.
Okay, here's today's poll.
Thanks to a listener who, uh, thanks to them.
What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world?
We got 974 votes already in our goal as a thousand.
I think we can do it.
Don't you?
Oh, yeah.
Americans do a better than anybody else.
Spend money on crap.
277.
Stay stupid.
167.
Stay out of the loop.
Stay uninformed.
Stay as stupid as you possibly can be.
That's the American F and Wayman.
167.
Deny reality.
141.
Make war in 93.
Kill.
60 of 76.
Pollute 55.
Waste time.
46.
Movies 39.
Screw 31.
I can't say the F word.
No, can I?
Screw 31.
I'm sorry.
Make love.
Proof.
Excuse me.
Party.
Get intoxicated.
18.
Medicine 13.
Lie 13.
Drive badly 8.
Out of 980.
I would think drive badly, especially in South Florida with
the better than that.
Although I will say this in Italy, they drive worse.
Yeah.
In Rome.
Oh, my.
Well, what do you mean, yeah?
Out of you?
You know.
You know.
You know.
You say it.
Everyone is the worst.
The one that's been there says it.
The worst.
Even worse than in Massachusetts.
Huh.
Team Quantabonani.
Anyway, I can't give it out of my mind.
Just shut up already.
Okay.
Hit the machine and shut up.
Man.
Some of these people.
A ledged victim of priest who fuddled fully,
so is Miami Archdiocese.
You see this, there's another one.
And I'm sure that where there's another one is another one,
there's a bunch more.
Wow, they better pass the plate again.
I have a bunch of bananas.
Team Quantabonani.
A Catholic priest who admitted fondly former Congressman Mark Foley
four decades ago, and who said he liked it, has another ledged victim
of former altar boy who will sue the Archdiocese of Miami today.
So maybe he didn't like it.
Maybe he didn't enjoy it.
The accused identified as John Doe No. 26 in his lawsuit claims the
Reverend Anthony Marciacin.
Now they keep pronouncing this guy's name in all different kinds of ways.
To me, it looks like Marchieca, but they don't know if he says that.
Okay.
Anyway, the lawsuit claims that the Reverend allegedly performed oral sex on him in the late 1970s
at St. James Church in North Miami.
At the time, the accused were stating it was between the ages of 12 and 13.
Two young pops, two young, and the board goes back.
Now, 40, he alleges the sex abuse incident occurred in the room at the parish on a
Saturday after the altar boy practiced and a bike ride with Marchieca,
according to his lawyer, Jeffrey Herman.
The priest told him not to talk about it with anyone said Herman was holding a press conference
at 11.30 this morning in his law office in Evan Chura.
When Marchieca asked him or another case to go for another bike ride, the boy said no,
and never came back to the church.
Marchieca, now living on a Mediterranean island, isn't it Malta?
Yes.
Was put into the spotlight of scandal WikiOwen Foley disclosed his name to Palm Beach County prosecutors
as the priest who molested him in the mid-1960s when he was an altar boy at Sacred Heart Church
in Lake Worth, and he enjoyed it.
He liked it.
He wanted it.
In fact, isn't that what the priest had on tape?
He said, I wanted it.
Now, crap.
Okay.
Oh.
In interviews with the handful of news organizations last week from his home on Gotso,
near Sicily, Gotso, careful how you say that.
Marchieca, 69 admitted touching Foley and swimming nude with a model who was a priest at Sacred Heart.
Chinquata banana.
That's how many bananas he's touched.
Marchieca served there between 1966 and 1967 when Foley was then 12 and 13.
I guess that's his age, you know, everybody's got an age.
Here's his 12 and 13.
In October 19th, Proctest interview with CBS's Katie Kirk.
Marchieca denied he was sexually involved with any other minor.
No, never, he responded when asked it by lightweight Katie.
Toley did this and this one did that and about to meet the above.
Church officials said they were not aware of any previous sexual abuse complaints brought against the Pops.
Probed to 13.
A little bit young Pappa.
Okay.
A better start changing your altitude about that.
Speaking of that, maybe this is a good excuse for the father.
And of course, this story is like saying, you know, the son is shining somewhere today.
It's kind of silly.
Researchers at the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex Gender and Reproduction at Indiana University say,
most men are always thinking of sex.
Right.
I mean, isn't this profound?
Isn't this shocking?
It's shocking, amazing.
A study released yesterday in the journal, Perseverance of the National Academy of Scientists found that 50% or 4% of men and 19% of women admit they think about sex every day or several times a day in a society where they're bombarded with subconscious erotic images.
That hasn't got a damn thing to do with it.
No.
Scientists at the University of Minnesota found 60s of liberal images competed for attention in the brain,
even when images were not prepared before subject's eyes, and most people were not consciously aware of them, maybe seen news reports.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, what does that mean?
Sex feeds the liberal images competed for attention in the brain.
Researchers also found sexual orientation often determines how the brain reacts to erotic images.
Heterosexual women, for example, were more tuned into pictures of naked men, the same reaction exhibited by homosexual men,
but homosexual women were equally attuned to naked images of both sexes, the reports said.
Lesbians, why would that make you feel out better about life?
What?
Let's hope for it.
Sure.
Heterosexual women were more tuned into pictures of naked men, the same reaction exhibited by homosexual men.
Now, pictures just like I told you before.
I'm thinking of pictures.
I think you get to a certain point in life where pictures just don't cut it normal.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, it's worth a thousand words.
Thousand bucks.
Which isn't to say that I haven't seen some pictures that I would think of myself while working at the picture.
Sure.
You know, like where is that one hanging it out?
But nevertheless, let's not start getting too graphing out of that, because then that'll raise a whole lot of subliminal images in your brain,
and you'll start thinking about sex again, which we don't want you to be doing that.
Who wants you to be thinking about more pleasant things like those guy-co-spots?
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the code.
It's clever.
Thanks.
It's clever.
First, you care, right?
Guy-co.
Real service.
Real saving.
It's clever.
You know, like that little midget, uh, Vern Troyer.
A midget.
Thousand-twelve votes on a poll that's only 12 minutes after 10.
How do you like that, huh?
Is that impressive or what?
It's spider-that-w-m-e-n down up the dial, up the street, up the road.
How the hell did they get that deal?
No, you were right.
It's clearances fall.
And Greg Reed.
That's what George said before the show.
He said, Greg is running around the hall dressed like a slob.
And Clarence is the one who's, oh, it's going to be a sports show.
It's going to be a- that's what George said.
Did Josh say that?
No, I said it.
What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world?
They got a thousand and twenty-one votes.
Now, this screw, 33.
I mean, you know, see one thing I learned, maybe living here.
Now, I guess it's traveling around the world.
But I think living here's got something to do with it, because it's a polyglot.
You ever see polyglot?
No, what's it looking at?
Not a pretty picture.
But, uh, and that is, if you want to think about the different kinds of people like from India and Japan and different parts of the world,
just stop and think about certain common denominators.
Okay, in fact, you know what the- it's gross, but the easiest one.
When people sit on the throne, it's all the same.
You know what I'm saying?
It depends on what they eat.
Well, I'm not talking about the composition of it okay or what it smells like or what it loves.
Yeah, like I said, forget about it.
The biggest name, so the best of all.
What he thinks is, is, you rock and everything, and you rock and everything, and you rock and everything.
Okay.
Are you grudge-packen?
I feel depressed.
Are you sick of the Miami dolphins?
Do you want something a little exciting for a change?
WALLENGE!
Did you just start watching the Miami Furry Chain?
Stop that!
Yo, it's a football game, a boxing match, and a ride, all wrapped up in worse,
even our noses are down with the cars.
I have to be honest, when I'm talking about you coming to our house,
you should get to it behind you.
You don't come in the whole oldies playing that stuff, you're close to ocean over there,
you're close to skin, you get cold down, play talking more like that.
You should go quickly.
I was about to go down the other way and get in there.
Yo, so if you want real entertainment, check out the Miami Furry Chain.
It's a ride, baby.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, take it to the house, man.
It's a 10-18.
I think a lot of the hurricanes ought to be taken to the big house.
Anyway, speaking of going to the big house,
Danny Roaring tonight is going to get off.
Oh, right.
I said, huh?
I said, all right.
Unless the Supreme Court decides to intervene, I don't think that's going to happen.
Is it, I think the phone is going to ring there,
if the line's second, it's going to be a fat ass governor, or saying,
oh, I just had a good idea.
No.
The only sad part about this is that they don't, uh,
I think they ought to crank up old Sparky again up there and start Sparky and Starchy.
Wouldn't that be good?
Oh, yeah.
And then maybe they could have one of them messy executions.
You know, where it doesn't really go real well the first four or five times.
Had to tire and everything.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, geez.
You might call them kind of.
Faaaaning.
But nevertheless, oh, we got the Bush Press Conference at 1030.
We're going to carry some of that.
No.
No way.
Not on this show.
Not on this Estacion.
Danny Rowling is facing lethal injection for the gruesome serial murders of five colored students in games of 1990,
when that town was like, uh, in a panic.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
They were all like, uh, peeing in their pants up there.
More so than usual.
The students' bodies, some mutilated, posed and sexually assaulted, were found over a three-day period August and September 1990.
Seems like only yesterday, doesn't it?
Not really.
And then some how we always say stupid cliches like that.
Seems like it was only yesterday.
No, not really.
Just like when we first came to QA and we treated the first show a downstairs.
Remember that weekend before we actually went on a year?
Yeah.
It seems like a hundred years ago.
Seems like a thousand years ago, and it seems like we worked our asses off.
That was work then.
Now this is more like play, you know?
Yeah.
Play would not like pay.
Rolling played a guilty show that before his trial was to begin, his remaining appeal before the West Supreme Court contends that
if the chemicals used in photos execution process can cause severe pain and cause somebody yell out,
he's going to have to convince the associate justice, Clarence Token Thomas, that the process is cruel and unusual,
and thereby violates the Eighth Amendment to the West Constitution and receive a state of execution of the court.
The argument has been turned down into other float execution cases.
His execution schedule for 6 p.m. tonight.
I see that one of the Orlando radio stations is having a two hour school hour special between four and six this afternoon.
A pre-execution special.
What are they going to be doing playing death music?
Probably.
They're going to his death march.
Pull a response.
Americans waste, slice, throw away perfectly edible food better than anyone in the world.
It disgusts me to see what gets thrown away in restaurants, don't order what you can't eat.
There'll be a gluten for punishment, okay?
How about my drone business?
Yeah.
Yeah, your mama.
I'm getting choked up about that execution, you know.
How are you?
No.
Let's say a little bit of that bacon.
A little chunk of that bacon is probably caught in my throat or a little something.
I saw Spider-Man 2 last night.
I got a little choked up there at the end of the evening.
I let out a really great gaffaw, great laugh, when he's saving her for the eight million time.
Or he's getting there.
She's always getting trouble.
And this is in the climactic scene of the movie.
And he's like holding that whole big section of the building that's like falling in.
And she's like laying down there.
I know.
Go to horrible death.
Hi.
What a nerd.
You know, I'm writing to me some of our car is very early.
It's when we took this awful phone call.
Hi.
Yes.
You know, this is really heavy.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
And it's really heavy.
Good movie though.
I enjoyed both so grateful that George sent me a Spider-Man Spider-Man.
And I can't stop singing that stupid thing.
I never, I never read it.
No, well, you don't have.
It's just not one of my cartoons.
You don't have.
I did like plastic, man, like I told you.
I like Dick Tracy.
Yeah.
Yeah, I tried really hard to get into Dick Tracy.
You know what I used to do as a kid?
I used to like cut out the handles, crime stoppers thing.
Okay.
That sounds kind of like a, yeah, like what gruff the crime dog?
I don't remember that.
They had crime stoppers.
And I used to like cut the things out and paste them like in an album.
Too bad you don't still have that.
Like you worked something.
Oh, yeah.
Too bad I don't have.
Too bad my mother threw out all my baseball cards.
Oh boy, those things be worth a fortune today.
Nice going ma.
Goes to show you when you throw out your kids baseball cards.
You wind up dying over there.
God punishes you badly.
Might take a little while and her case much too long.
But nevertheless, time is then 68 votes on the poll already.
Holy cow, rat man.
We are kicking big smelly ass.
Is that amazing or what?
It's a fight of man two was better than the first one.
I'll say the last, the last third of the movie.
And I also must say that I, I don't know what I was thinking about.
What, what was it?
Where did I see him?
And I don't know why I'm asking you.
But it's got to be your influence because you're the movie maven.
Where the hell did I discover James Franco that I'd never heard of him or seen him before?
And I got all emotional and whipped up and put that wallpaper on my, uh,
they were, they were showing previews for the movie flyboys on TV.
And you saw him and were slitting really.
And you said, who is that guy and you looked him up and blah blah blah.
Oh, yeah, that's the guy.
He does look good now.
He looks good and present as old.
But in these Spider-Man movies, I will say between the first two movies, Spider-Man,
he must've eaten two Ruben sandwiches.
Right.
And maybe a little kishki too.
He is Jewish by the way, James Franco.
Even though you never know where they were.
They are Italian kind of like a name like that.
I wonder if he says, Tinkwanta banana.
I don't know why that sticks in my mind so much.
You know why?
Because it's so typical about happens in South Florida.
Why people get offended by people who speak in a language that they don't.
And I can speak a little Italian.
I know they're a little bit understood, some of what the crap they were spilling.
But it's just annoying, you know.
First of all, when people have to feel that they have to be the loudest ones in the place,
that always bothers me anyway.
And I will say this, that Italians for whatever the reason is,
they do have this composter being very loud.
You know what I'm saying?
What?
No.
Yeah.
They really do.
I don't know what that's all about.
Tinkwanta banana.
That's my comment to you.
Okay, get out of here.
Go find a good machine far away from me.
A judge in a case closely watched by those who opposed circumcision side of yesterday
with a, oh look at that, this is chopped off.
Oh, no pun intended, right?
No, seriously, this is cut off.
It's sliced.
Don't do it.
Well, I'm going to have to redo this story.
In nowhere I'll have to do it from.
Our ways, the night 10th sentence on our website, Josh.
If you said that it is, oh, it's about circumcision you would have seen it.
Don't give me that crap.
Okay, if it's got anything to do with any kind of sexual body part or anything like that,
you've seen it.
No, I just braised around.
Yeah, braised it.
Oh, do you?
Well, that's the case.
I have to send you a whole lot more today, even though it is Woodbine Wednesday.
Was this on today or yesterday?
It's supposed to play that don't cut how you already did.
Don't cut!
Don't cut!
What the hell is it?
I can't, this is too important.
Oh my God.
What date?
What's the date on this?
October 24.
Can you find it on our website?
Well, look at judge rules.
Because that's the only way I can do some of these stories is to print them out off of when Josh gets him on there.
They're nice and clean and pristine, you know?
And it's not chopped off or sliced or circumspect.
I don't think it's on there.
There's reports by insects always on men's minds.
Fish still not a healthy choice.
We'll get to that.
Loaded with mercury, baby.
Don't be eaten and fish.
Stay away from fish.
That's a policy I follow.
I might have some food.
I didn't send you the story.
Did I?
Obviously not.
Well, it's not a deal.
It's a deal.
Well, I have to go back during the break from WCBS TV.
Oh my God.
Well, it's an important thing then.
The judge said circumsitions is an extraordinary medical procedure for a nine-year-old and something like that.
The whole right-hand columnist chopped off in this.
And I know you're going to say, well, if you would do it like every other normal person does, well, you know what?
I'm not too bad.
I'm not normal and I don't want to be a victim.
No, I'm never going to do that.
When it doubt, I like to print it out.
And the good news is I got my long extension cord here.
My long telephone jack extension cord.
So I don't have to worry about touch-gain back and forth with that real primitive printer that you talked me into going out and buying.
No, it's your last day.
It was a bad mistake.
When that thing said ribbon, ribbon is finito.
You got a ribbon ceremony for that.
Yeah.
That was ribbon, a ribbon printer.
What kind of a big shot?
And, you know, I maintain the studio, baby.
I don't need anybody coming in here, poaching around with it.
I maintain it and I guarantee you right now, I bet you'd dime steer doughnuts, even the ones with the sprinkles on them, that this studio is in a lot better condition and better maintain them.
That piece of crap you're sitting in right now.
Oh, there ain't no poaching.
I don't think you don't have people routinely going in there and poaching with their bags and cleaning everything over your bag.
That is correct.
27 after 10.
Let's look at that award-winning schedule.
Today we got Curtis between two and four.
No mad dog today.
And then we got four to five.
It says the power hour with Hank.
I mean, you know, I would get Curtis right now.
Just slap him silly, okay?
No!
Just slap until his pants fall off.
No.
The power hour, Hank's on four to seven.
Or four to six thirty.
Because we got Panty Preview at six thirty.
The Panty's in the Ranger at seven o'clock tonight with a pregame at six thirty and an Eddie K. after the hockey game.
The Panties are going to have some real goal-tending problems all season long.
That's all season long.
That's obvious.
I'm sure even Georgia's aware of that.
What?
They're going to miss Bobby Luongo.
Good attest to you.
I wonder if he's ever eaten Shinquanta Banana at one sitting.
I doubt it.
One thing I do know is that Lubacko Chibi is where I buy my cars, man.
I've had...
I was thinking this morning.
I was in the show and I've been trying to think about how many years I've been driving Corvettes.
I think my first bet I got an 86...
Now, 87.
Almost 20 years ago.
And that's why I've been buying cars at Lubacko for about 20 years now.
You can't beat their service.
They're friendly salespeople who motor crap and of course their service are unmatched.
And the price is the best that he went down.
And right now, Lubacko is doing something they've never tried to do before.
They want to sell 1,000 cars in one month for the first time in their history.
So they have what they're calling race to 1,000.
By the way, we got 1,000 in some votes already on our poll.
We got them beat. We got 1,000 in the 82.
Aren't you proud?
I am.
Lubacko's got the biggest selection of new and used cars including a hot new Corvettes,
which will give you a sexual excitement. Believe me, trucks, SUVs, minifans, anywhere going.
They've also got used cars that are just 3,995 bucks.
Everyone is backed by a Carfax guarantee.
No lemons there. If you want lemons, go to the fruit stand.
Lubacko's out to sell 1,000 cars this month in this thing open until midnight every night to get to that number.
Forget about price. Make them an offer. They'll beat any deal.
More money for your trade.
Zero percent financing. Rebase them up to 6 grand.
Whatever it takes, they'll make you an offer you can't refuse.
Only a Lubacko cheerleave with two locations for you.
In Pompano Beach, a quarter mile west of 1,95, just look for that huge American flag right in your Pompano Park.
And a Coke and a Creek on 4,41 just out to the Sawgrass Expressway.
Don't forget Lubacko stays open until midnight every night this month.
So get your ass over to Lubacko for an unbeatable deal.
Get a deal on the Chevy that you won't even believe it'll be so good.
Or check them on the wicked web at lubackrote.com. That's B-A-C-H-R-O-D-T.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is the Rodgers Force Radio 560-2-A-M.
In time you'll find Christ's Gate.
The more party swings both three games.
That's the sound of the men in Chakren, Curly's Gate.
Gave easy change. That's the sound of the men in Chakren, Curly's Gate.
Chains.
You know, I just came to a major conclusion about myself. You know what I'm stupid.
There's your president speaking of stupid.
He never said to stay in the course by the way, never said anything. He said cut and run.
The reason I'm stupid is that I'm not stupid. I'm stubborn.
When you're stubborn, that makes you stupid.
I sit in the same machine for hours that you know he's dead as a doormatial.
Thinking that maybe by some miracle it's eventually going to pay.
That's called being stubborn and stupid.
Because Missilla Firefox is like Explorer is evil.
You're right.
You're not going to be able to do that.
Only AOL is more evil.
Really?
I didn't even print this out landscape style.
I printed it out like a regular old kickin' old style.
And it's just fine. There's no nothing chopped off at all.
I use the map that Explorer to download Firefox and then I destroy it.
Then I take it off my desktop.
Blow it up. Kill Explorer, baby.
Anyway, a judge in a case closely watched by those who oppose circumcision,
decided yesterday with a divorced man who did not want his nine-year-old son to want to go to the procedure.
Don't you think that nine's a little bit too old to be having a circumcision?
Whatever.
Circuit judge, you're changing your tune.
I have it. I don't care anymore.
Circuit judge Jordan Kaplan said that circumcision is an extraordinary medical procedure for a nine-year-old
and that the boy can decide from self-honey turns 18.
Oh, when he's 18, he ain't going to want to have that.
Oh, man.
The boy's father sued the block the operation and dispute with his ex-wife.
The couple's 2003 divorce decree gave the father the right to be consulted before the boy underwent any extraordinary non-emergency procedure.
The father said he believed surgical removal of the boy's foreskin could cause long-term physical and psychological harm.
The child's mother wanted the procedure to prevent recurring infections.
He testified that the boy suffered five bouts of painful inflammation and he begged her to help him.
Newt Bordes and several mainstream religions are routinely circumcised as part of their faith,
but religious beliefs didn't figure in the ruling.
The AP is now identifying the parents to protect the boy's privacy to protect his privates.
Alan Tobak, the father of the attorney, said the man is extremely happy with the judge's decision.
Most US newborn babies are still circumcised. I've actually didn't know that.
I didn't know that. I thought they stopped doing that.
No. The insurance stopped paying for a lot of cases of it, but that's all they had.
The rest of the world, other than like the Jews and the Arabs, are largely uncut.
Correct. Discovered that through my own personal explorations. I read a story.
But a growing number of parents are opting against the surgery.
The percentage of male baby circumcised has fallen from an estimated 90% in 1970 to about only 60% today.
Unclean. In the 1999 policy statement that was reaffirmed this year, the American Academy of Pediatric said
there are potential medical benefits to circumcision, including a reduction risk of urinary tract infections.
But the Academy said there is not enough evidence to recommend routine circumcision of newborns.
In other words, but I'll be better move, whatever. Case or raster, right? Like that.
God. We have changed our force structure.
See, there he goes again with a forcekin. See that?
Rock and roll legend Elvis Presley has seen it as crown. Guess who is the top earning dead celebrity now?
It's not no longer Elvis. Kobe. Oh, you already saw that. It was on the crawl earlier.
He's crawling. No more. Dead guy, huh?
The list published yesterday said Grunge Rocker Kobe earned $15 million between October 2005 and October 2006.
Presley went up on the number two slot with 42 million down from last year's 45 million.
The king is sliding, man. The king is slipping. How do they get that show over there? I just can't believe it.
It just bothers me. What does the crap out of me? Just like I keep wondering why was I so like obsessed with James Franco?
What's the big symmetry of him? He looks like a pumpkin over here.
But they're very good movies though. Spider-Spider, man. I can't stop singing it.
Because of that guy on the street. The street. Yeah. Yeah.
Forbes.com bases its dollar amounts and licensing deals for using the C-Slobodies workout or image and advertising elsewhere.
I tell you one thing. Toby McGuire should be inspiration to everybody. You know what?
Oh, yeah. You can be really mediocre.
I mean, when you got his little personality in town as he's got.
I mean, he's good in that. Don't get me wrong. He was fine.
And I don't want that. That was the whole idea. They tried to find somebody who had a personality like a dead man. And that was him.
Now we got to send you Cider House rules. Why is that? Because he's in it. That's a good movie and it's also not.
I don't have like no obsession with Toby McGuire because there's a good movie. Good in Spider-Man. I don't gain in it.
Yeah, well, he's all right. It's a good movie. He's always neurotic and crazy, which I think he don't have that much either.
Cobains, cool as due to his widow actress and singer Courtney Love, who sold a 25% stake in the Seattle Grand
Group song catalog. He was music publishing company prime wave ranked after Presley as peanuts cartoon strip creator Charles Shulce at $35 million.
All the dead people are making the big bucks. All you sluppers out there like, you know, can't find two nickels to rub together.
And all the dead people are breaking in the big bucks, rounding out the top five or beat El John Lennon at 24 million.
And groundbreaking physicist Albert Einstein at 20 million bucks, who's a state profited from such licensing deals as the popular baby Einstein educational videos.
Those are good videos. Other celebrities on list include Theodore Gazelle, better known as children's book off a Dr. Susque, rhythm and blues pioneer Ray Charles, silver screen legend Marilyn Monroe and Reggie superstar Bob Marley-Mon.
Hashtag winners include somebody to Irving Berlin, actor Marlon Brando.
What the hell was that? That was our Marlon. Oh boy.
What's going on? I think your brain is going to stop. Yeah, or some other body parts. So there is big on a brain going on.
Community is also strong. Oh brother. They acted. They just go away already. Okay, that would be the best thing you can do for everybody.
Just go away. Don't go away mad. Just go away, W. This is our crazy. That's it.
Before you get in peace before the big democratic sweep two weeks from yesterday and they wound up impeaching in spite of what that bitch Nancy Pelosi says, just get out of there while you still getting still good. Get lost.
1113 votes on the poll. We may actually get to 15 today yesterday. We got to 1400 right at the two o'clock mark. You think we'll do 15? Sure. Why not?
I'd be pleased as much as like you were hungry. I would be really pleased if we get to 50. I mean, what is it proved? Does it mean anything?
It means we got at least that many people listening or we got a whole bunch of people. I voted several times. Maybe vote twice today. We'll do like 50,000 just to piss off Joel Feinberg.
By the way, nice team over there. Joel would add Jimmy Cifilis. Jimmy Cifilis and a one in six dolphins. What a be 0 and 7 and who will not win this week as they don't play.
And we definitely won't win the weekend for that in Chicago. That could be one of the obvious. Remember that playoff game? How many years ago was that? I was in Vegas when we were playing Jacksonville and playoffs. Remember, Josh?
What was it? What was it?
I said I think it was something like that. Was that the score? Sixties maybe? I want to say 63 or 73? The zip to Jacksonville.
So it was basically a little girl's thing. Well, they were good that year. Who the Jaguars and the dolphins weren't. Is that what you're trying to say?
Although at least they were in the playoffs. Let's hear it for them. We've gotten wiped out 63 or 73 or 853 to nothing, but they were in the playoffs.
You're going to make the playoffs this year next year? Five years from Sookas? By the way, I'm your calendar. Does it say when Sookas is?
I can't read it from here, but Josh is checking it out now. This one always says that. What?
Yeah, it's October. You may have already come and gone. Probably. Doesn't say. What is it? Is it some kind of a Goesia calendar that's going to be a Sanantic or what?
1042 at 560 WQM. You're a circumcised station man. We are cut and we're clean. I would have been George. Do we have anybody in our station who's not circumcised?
You think? All I ain't going to go ask around. Well, maybe now what about Miguel? He is. He is what? Circumcised. You guys discussed that during one of the...
Well, I don't really care anymore. And never really did. No, I don't think we have any other uncut, unclean people in the boat. He's just George. Oh God.
So if there's an aroma that puts you in a coma, Miguel says yes, you did. I did what? Ask. Well, maybe it was interested. Yes. In those days.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompo because it doesn't matter what time of the month you buy a vehicle there because you're always going to get a great deal.
Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV or their large selection of great certified pre-owned cars.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, you've got over 200 employees dedicated to providing and comparable service, offering express lube, courtesy of vehicles and complemented car wash too.
Making employment through our business development center can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer air miles.
Rouse Mercedes-Benz of Pompo, it's indirect. Go to www.benzpompo.com. BeenzPompo.com on the web.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompo.com, one 800 new bans, one 800 AWB and Z. You'll find them in i95 and Copen's Road.
Mercedes-Benz of Pompo.com, Mercedes dealer like you've never seen in the history of anybody's life.
The biggest name, the best talent, is the wheel-rotter sports radio 560s UAM.
At the President George W. Bush with us, thank you most unpopular president since I guess Wilson.
Yeah, it turns out it is true. Buffalo, New York, hello.
Mr. President, do you have a message for the children of our country?
You cannot achieve big goals and accomplish hard things.
That's horrible. Why can't you be supportive of our kids?
Because I think it's a huge mistake.
President Arizona, hello. Hey, Bush. Yes, sir.
Has that jackass dick gene let loose with any more street bullets?
Yeah, a couple of days ago, he only fires 1,5,7.
What the hell is wrong with that guy?
You know, I don't know. I really don't know. I think he wants us to either fear him or pay attention to him.
And I just hope at some time he gets some sense.
Squall and Illinois, hello.
Isn't Bush, do you exchange perverted emails with your underage in turn?
Do I yesterday?
How often?
Everyday.
Obsessed with it?
No. Well, in a way, I guess you could say obsessed.
What are you going to do if the FBI checks your hard drive?
Commit suicide.
President George W. Bush, always good.
Thank you, sir. Thank you.
I'm confident we'll succeed in Iraq and the rest of the world.
Yeah, right.
1134 votes.
Yeah, well, we certainly never said state of course.
No, he never said that.
Right.
What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world?
1138 votes. Now our goal is 1,500 to day.
If we do 1,500, I'm going to take this pool result.
We're going to wrap it up on a gigantic baseball bat and shove it up to
all the finebergs ass.
That's a good idea.
Well, a few to the push.
I'm going to push it.
1138 votes.
Spend money on crap, 322.
And thank God for that.
It's good for the economy.
Stay stupid, 193.
Like a...
I'm slick.
Yeah, like him.
193.
Deny reality 172.
Make war 107.
Kill people 86.
Pollute 67.
Waste time 50.
Movies 44.
I thought that India was supposed to be such a great movie making country,
aren't they?
A little bit crap.
They have a lot, but that's not good for us.
Plus there's all in Indians in it.
Screw 37.
I'm almost saying the F-word there.
Well, that's what it says on our website.
Who the hell put that all I did?
Parties lines get intoxicated 20.
Medicine 16.
Lie 16.
And drive badly only 8th.
So I'm going to say, Oh, Joe, I don't understand that.
You get it?
No, not often.
You're going to find this to be a very interesting story from Antigo, Wisconsin.
I never heard of Antigo.
Did you?
No.
Well, here we are.
Put them on the map.
Three-year-old Robert Moore went fishing for a stuffed replica of sponge bob and ended up
trapped in a vending machine.
Can't you just see this?
That's happened before.
Unless that's an old story.
No.
It's a brand new story.
We don't do old stories on the show.
Okay.
We know we cycle old crap.
We give you a new crap.
The travelers eventually began with a Saturday evening shopping trip with his grandma for
a week at Birdham and three siblings.
This was just this past Saturday.
So it wouldn't sit as an old story.
Birdham and the trip are giving each child a dollar and telling them to have fun in a
retailer's game room.
A stuffed sponge bob and a vending machine's bin caught Robert's eye.
He tried without success to fish it out with a plastic crane.
I told him I could get it for him, his grandma said he's a character.
He said, Oh, no, I can get it.
Which he turned her back to give another dollar for a second try.
Robert took off his coat and squeezed through an opening in the machine.
He landed on her stuffed animal cube.
I turned around and looked for him and he said, Oh, ma, I'm in here.
Birdham and said, I thought I would have a heart attack.
Oh, ma.
Is that what kids call grandma's?
Oh, ma.
No, where I'm from.
Well, I'm his family.
Store employees couldn't find a key to the machines to Robert awaited while the
Antigua Fire Department was called.
He was having a ball in there hugging all the stuffed animals.
Birdham and said he was so good nature, but I was shaking like a leaf.
Fire Department has broke one lock, but then spotted two latches inside the plastic cube
rhymes with.
Cube.
They passed a screwdriver to Robert.
He stacked up all the stuffed animals and used that screwdriver to open a latch, grandma,
they said you should have seen him go.
Now this is a three year old kid.
I, that sound reasonable to you.
Not at all.
Me.
A three year old kid could do that.
I don't know.
Eventually Robert freed himself and his mother Marie Moore and grandmother said they were
lucky that it remained common.
Another child might not have.
He went home safe, but without a stuffed sponge box.
Or is that the least I could have done for him was giving him a stuffed sponge bob?
Of course.
Sponge's a square bob pants.
Jesus God.
Or at least a sponge.
And we're constantly adjusting our tactics to achieve victory.
Yeah, right.
We're doing a hell of a job, man.
Heck of a job, Brownie Hound.
Pathetic.
I was speaking at Brownie Hound.
Here's a Mark Faulty story.
You ought to see the look on it.
There's a picture here of him.
He got a grin and like, he just swallowed a cat or swallowed something.
I think it was a canary.
No.
A state department emailed the troops obtained by Ross Derey provided troops from Florida's
16th District with instructions for how to vote for the Republican replacement for Congressman
Mark Faulty, but omitted other candidates names.
Under Florida law, votes cast her fully will be counted toward Joni Grond's total.
Candidates have objected over that though fully in the Grond's names were used to combine
total of nine times, no other candidates are mentioned in the email.
Democratic nominee Tim Mahoney took it upon himself to send a similar mailing to absentee
voters.
My name is Tim Mahoney, the Democrat road voters, and I'm running for Congress in your district.
I'm writing you an effort to ensure you have the most accurate information regarding
the November 7th election.
Mahoney's mainly including instructions for those wishing to vote for Nick, Ron Mahoney,
or independent candidate, Emmy Ross.
It's got a copy of the email here.
How do you like that?
There's again your Republican government in, I know, once again, trying to influence
the outcome of an election.
I'm beating if they did not adhere to the strict and poverty.
You guys get about talking about people being beaten.
This is his cabinet he's talking about.
And if he asked me, most of them deserve it.
1951 votes, man, they're rolling along.
Shouldn't say rolling though.
Wouldn't that be good if we had CCR rolling, proud Mary?
What do you mean?
You got it?
That would be something if you got proud Mary by CCR, which I hate like poison.
Oh, that's a people's real thing.
I'm saying that they just were obsessed with CCR.
Yeah, there we go.
They're rolling, baby.
Six o'clock tonight.
They're going to stick them to needle Watson.
They're going to stick it to them.
They're going to pull him apart, sell by sell, bit by bit.
What are you doing?
This song, yeah, what's working for the man?
Well, you've got to let it go until the party starts doing rolling.
Come on, what's wrong with you?
That was the whole idea.
What's that?
Problemers.
He did this?
I can see it.
Oh, God.
No.
No, Moss.
I can Tina.
You're not like Tina?
I'm not like an either one of them.
He's dead, though.
No.
I like, no.
I like, I like.
Well, I sure got a huge pile here, man.
I got a big fat ugly pile.
I didn't see that debate last night because not being in the floor to see when you're out of touch.
I've been looked at you guys watching the course, not?
Yeah.
I'm busy watching Spider-Man 2 Spider-Man, Spider-Man.
Spider-Man.
And you're like sitting at home watching the Chris Davis debate.
You're wondering, Jim Davis, hey, uh.
Too fairy.
No, he didn't see it.
He should have.
He should have.
He just said, hey, how come you old tell everybody that you're a UFO and you're right wing closet case for the people?
You closet case.
You move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
I mean, I think I'm just going to join the Giant Games on a radio.
Josh, do you know?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
You what?
I don't think so.
Well, there was a thing the other day about, uh.
In one of the Toronto papers, I think in the sun, the rest about Best Sports Casters and worst sports casters.
And somebody said the Howard David who used to do the study and football, which it wasn't Sunday that it was Monday night.
So they were wrong right off the bat.
And now is they doing the Giant Games?
I think they're confused with the fact that he did the Jet Scenes before he got tossed down his ass on that.
Maybe he does. I don't know. He's got a New Yorky kind of guy when you say okay
Maybe you could Google it New York Giants football broadcast see the voice of the Giants is
Wouldn't be something that was your close personal friend
One day in your resume you could say hey, I once knew the voice of the New York Giants
You help put that on my resume
Now want back in the day to show you how old I am they used to be called the New York football Giants
You wonder why because they were baseball Giants? Yeah
See even you know that that's very good. I think George is qualified to do a morning show now
He's talking sports that's right. Yeah, because there was the New York Giants
Who eventually became the San Francisco Giants Josh had a jump in on that being the barbed-well are you googling low
Barney bonds poses giant broadcast. Yeah
Well, let's let the audience hang on as a light to the break. Let's keep him hanging on the isn't her seats
Wouldn't that be something? Yeah, I mean enough that I would give her crap 10 56 at 5 60 WQM
Let me tell you again about Lou background what they're doing right now for the first time in their history
Lou background Chevrolet is offering you a
Demo chance them well, they're not offering you anything except fantastic deals
But they're trying to get to a thousands car sold in one month never done it before
But they're gonna do it. They got a week to go almost
They've got the biggest selection to do in use cars including the hot new core vets
Which believe you me when I tell you from personal experience?
There is nothing when it comes to driving a car
There's nothing that compares to sitting behind a wheel of a fantastic bed trucks SUVs minivans the biggest selection anywhere
It unbeatable prices. They've also got used cars starting at just
3995 bucks every one of them back by a car fax guarantee by the way and like I said
Lou background is out to sell a thousand cars this month and so they're staying open till midnight every night
So they can get to that thousand number forget the price make them an offer and they'll be just about any deal ever heard of
More money for your trade zero percent financing
Rebates up to six thousand dollars whatever it takes. They'll get you a deal done only at Lou background Chevrolet with two great
Locations for you in pop it'll be to quarter mile west of I 95 in a coke on a creek on 441 just south of the
Saagrass Expressway
Don't forget to look back. Oh, this day and open till midnight every night this month
So get your ass over to loop back road and get the best deal in history on a great new Chevy or check them on the website at
LouBacroad.com
The biggest name of best talent
This is Neil Rogers for radio 560
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Any questions?
And now a message from three-poor a the African adoption association
Hello to all brika
Who get the baby
Unless you are a meeting income average every day American family
We don't give you the baby but we do give one for us
The line to get the baby from
Africa is currently 22 years long much like the line to get on a
Toro at six five
Unless you are a general for other stunts then you can use this
To
Com
To Africa
Where the weather is hot and dry the babies don't hardly cry
Probably because we give them the camel milk
When she's to quiet them it's easy to be the baby in Africa
Unless you are an average symbol or muvasa
Or in your country how you say decorging
But if you are a little easy given
The problem
It's not problem
Come to Africa
Where some people question why we only give babies to famous people
And then they will have to wait until the rice fall out
We said this to you in some business
Let's say you are in a content
You would much rather have the business of meatloat then say
From carnivoresy
See?
That's okay
Come to Africa
Take
And come to Africa
Lines mass
Come to Africa
Give me a gravy
Come to Africa
The drummer of Ben Cutting Crew
We give you the baby
No questions asked
But if you're not famous
The line for the baby starts in Portugal
And please
No cutting in line
Or we shoot you
He says the new message
From the triporay
The African
But don't show
Associational
So I Google it myself
I don't see no mole on O'Jahins' games
Okay, I think there was a
What Canadians know about the NFL anyway, right?
Nothing
What Canadians know about mole
And then I actually went to a Wikipedia
Which there was a brief of a thing on there
Yeah, I saw that too
And I went all over the place
Then I found another thing on there
When I Googled
And it was a picture of mole
Where the full had a dark hair
Must have been the dark piece
And I looked at that picture
And I found to myself
That is the most objectionable person I have ever met in my life
And anyway
So why did you start with that crab?
Where did that come from?
We got nothing?
Yeah
What me?
Was me
Florida's candidates for governor got aggressive in their first head to head to bed last night
Says the hero pushing themes from their TV ads and knocking each other
As feckless leaders
Her feckless
I like that word
A lackluster lopsided race picked up tempo Monday after a surprising poll showed
Attorney General Charlie Chris
You're fair
Lead over Democratic representative Jim Davis was tightening
I see that's not who wrote this Beth Reinhardt and Noah Behrmann
You guys couldn't write for the weekly reader, okay?
His lead isn't tightening, the race is tightening, okay?
His lead is shrinking, it's just a pathetic
Chris didn't act like a complacent frontrunner
He repeatedly took Davis to dance from his evokes in Congress
Accusing him of wanting to raise taxes and called his insurance plan a risky scheme
He also revived an attack that dominated the Democratic primary
Davis is 1990 vote against restitution for two wrongfully convicted black men
Chris balanced his sharp attacks with a chewy outlook for Florida's future
Marveling at the bombing weather and referring to popular politicians even Democrats including former governor
Walken, Lawton, Childs, the Hécune
Davis dished out just about as much as he got, accusing Chris of backing special interest tax giveaways
Referring to Florida's low graduation rates and high insurance costs
He warned voters that Chris wants to stay the course on such issues
Where have we heard that term before?
He's making tough decisions
Yes, stay the course my ass
How do you like that?
Davis also offered a catchy defense of his record in Congress
It's not just about showing up, it's about standing up
Charlie's attorney general has done nothing to stand up to the insurance companies he'd be seeing
Later he walked over to Chris Lecter and handed him his insurance bill
Which he said had got up by 40%
How do you like that?
Chris threw another curveball yesterday when he asked Davis if he would apologize for meeting with terrorist leaders
Setting his trips to Cuba in the Middle East
Davis's campaign ignores that he met with late Palestinian leader Yesor Amafart
But said he also met with an Israeli leader Ariel Sherone
How's he doing by the way still fat and still all my dead?
Close to it, that's easy
Davis visited dissident leaders in Cuba in 2003
He favors easing restrictions on travel to Cuba
But is repeatedly supported to trade embargo
That's bad, the trading embargo is bad, bad idea
But of course it's politics like everything else
That's why so many people are living like shluppers there
Because of the fact that we have to pander to a certain number of your people in the county
Come on, he's tough
That's certain fascista constituency
That's why they like bush so much
Have you seen the ad where the guys talking to a bush?
No
You haven't seen that ad, it's a great ad
And there's a bush like in the woods
I just showed a bush
And he's saying that you know talking to this boy
And then he showed a picture of this one
And that one
And talking to this boy should be the best son
And talking to that one in other words, growing his dolphin
It's a great ad
1194, what do Americans do better than anyone else
And where we've all got to 1200 are right?
We're going to get to 1500 today
And then you're going to go right across the street
And take copies of the poll and show them all of Joel's ass
Oh God, on a red hot poker
We're going to get some love
Just stick them on the end of a red hot poker
And stick them where the moon don't shine
And bring a little moon shine from two
I can probably use it
I got some
If you spend all that money for the rights to the dolphin broadcast
Who don't want to hear the dolphins on a radio anyhow?
Or see them on TV?
They suck
They are pathetic
They're embarrassing
This is a team that can't put any points on the board
They finally scored 24 against the girls team
And they give up 34
Every time they were getting their ass back into the game
All of a sudden some bonehead deal would come up
And to love that Josh just like when you were terrified
That they might actually get back into the game?
Joey would throw an interception
Joey, not Joey Harrington who was such a bomb with alliance
And anyway, 1194
What do Americans do better than anyone else in the world?
Spend money on crap, 337
In fact, if you want to get rich sell some crap
That's it, you'll get rich overnight
Americans love crap
Stay stupid, 203
Deny reality 181
Make war 112
Kill 87
Pollute 74
Waste time 53
Movies 44
Screw their brains out 40
Party Slash get intoxicated 21
Medicine 17
Lies 17
And drive badly
Oh, 88
I'm glad that the party can get intoxicated isn't doing all that well
Why he thought it shouldn't be
Well, it shouldn't be
Because like in Amsterdam or like in Germany
Oh, Germany
They start boozing up like 910 o'clock in the morning
They're having like beer for breakfast
Oh, man
So like I was talking to you before about you know comparing the different people's
In various parts of the world
Maybe I was wrong about that
Because if you start drinking beer 910 in the morning
You can just imagine what your innards must be going through
The churning and oh boy
Wow
Dave Lindorf says let's march in January an impeachment call to action
All right
Hallelujah baby
He's author of killing time and investigation of the death row case of
Mamia Abu Jamal
Who the hell was that?
I don't know
Mamia
You're what?
You heard what I said
Mamma
Mamia
He says I'm going to go on on the limb here and predict that barring some incredible act of criminal
Sinicism such as the bombardment of Iran by the president the Democrats are going to take over the House of Representatives
That being the case I propose that it's time all those patriots and lovers of liberty
All those who oppose the administration's made imperial military policies
All those who recognize the so-called war on terror for what it is they war on America
All those who stomachs turned to the side of the fatal drowning of New Orleans
All those who are outraged at a prison who claims the right to violate laws that will
To ignore acts of Congress and the snub rulings of the Supreme Court
All those who are sick of seeing their government function like a whorehouse for corporate johns
All those who are angry at having a government that tortures and kidnaps people
Including children in our name
All those who know that there are dark secrets about 9-11 being buried by traders in the White House
All those who disparate seeing the Bill of Rights ripped out of the Constitution article by article
Begin a mass campaign to make impeachment of President Bush item 1 on the agenda of the next Congress
I propose that the anti-war and impeachment movements combine forces and organize a massive petition campaign
To obtain 5 million signatures calling on the Congress to initiate impeachment hearings on President Bush's constitutional high crimes
Mr. Meager's treason and bribery and let this petition be delivered to the future speaker of the House
The Umshis representative Nancy Pelosi and the future chair of the House Judiciary Committee
Representative John Conner's of Michigan
Delivery of this document could be made on January 20th 2007
On the sixth anniversary of Bush's being added first inauguration
If the grassroots campaign organizations that are mobilized for election day
Turned to gathering signatures off the same voter list white after election day
It shouldn't be hard to get at least that many signatures
There are already a number of groups like veterans for peace collecting signatures
These efforts can be coordinated
I propose this petition and be carried by demonstrators in a reverse unannoceration impeachment march
That could assemble at the White House and proceed down Pennsylvania Avenue to the Capitol steps
Retracing the impeachment march butch tried to make before his entourage started to face neckling and eggs
There are set of proposed articles and impeachment could be formally read out perhaps by members of Congress
Would later be submitting them as formal impeachment bill to the House Judiciary Committee
We're going to need something like this because the Democratic leadership most notably Pelosi
But including the likes of Democratic House campaign committee chair
Representative Rahm Emanuel and many of those in House Democratic leadership council are publicly saying they will try to block any impeachment bills
Although it's clear for many national polls that more Americans today want this criminal president
And you sit for impeached and never wanted either Clinton or Nixon impeached
These Craven and Cowardly leaders seem to think that they'll be punished by the Republicans if they attempted
This is nonsense. It's the Republicans who've been dismantling Congress is a functioning branch of government who are out of touch
And we're now being rejected by the public. The public is not turning to the Democrats because it wants them to be pleasant and collegial and Washington
People are turning to the Democrats because they're sick and tired of the crooks
They're shard of ins they mega-lomaniac and the crack pods who've been running the country and the Constitution into the ground
And sending our kids into pointless endless wars
People want resolute action from the Democrats not pussy-footing. Pelosi is so out of it when it comes to her constituency
She seems not to realize that the very valid as listed as a candidate this November
Inter San Francisco congressional district includes a referendum on impeachment which is like the the past
Instead of goading Pelosi and making pledges not to impeach as mainstream reporters have been doing
Some of us should ask her and other Democrats who are ducking the issue
Whether or not they believe the president's been violating the Constitution undermining freedoms and the separation of powers
If the answer is yes, then they should be asked why they don't feel obligated to take action in the defense of liberty and the Constitution
These weak needs, cissies are worse than simply political cowards
They're valid as of their own oaths of office which commit them to upholding and defending the Constitution
A document which even they have to admit is under grave attack by this president and his co-conspirators
If Pelosi and company will not stand up and defend that document
The institution of Congress that Bush has so many filed with the signing statements
We the people once make them do it
The first step of course is to throw the Republican majority out in Congress
Then we have to turn our political sites and our righteous rage on the Democrats who through their decade of habitual cowering
Have enabled and are now protecting this criminal regime from the aggressive investigation that it's so richly deserves
It says impeachment in 2007 let's march
What do you say?
I'm gonna march?
Let's do it
A little pegi march
Don't play that again
Pegi march?
Pegi march
I will follow him
You play that game
Oh, awful
It's depressing too
How we doing on that poll?
We're gonna make 1500 today?
Prove 11, oh my god
Good
Zidane remains
Spiderman
Hey, and a good movie's man
I can't wait for Spiderman
But Harry's gonna be the heavy, that's the bad news
Another good news is that he's really ugly so who cares?
If he looked as good as I thought he did it just it wouldn't be appropriate for real hot looking guy to be the evil door
And it just doesn't work out like
It just doesn't work out like
It would be like Tom Welling being the bad guy in small village
Why not?
But remember when he had the red cryptonite going there for a while?
Are you picking on Tom Welling?
I'm starting to get a swelling
It was way more interesting when he was the evil Spiderman Spiderman
Oh and speaking of birthdays
Yeah, I got the check
I got the cuff
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from the first
You care, right?
Got to go, real service, real saving
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from his face
It's from his face
Biggest selections of Simmons Beauty rest would same day delivery
You've got to be crazy to go those betting in departments
There's haven't been bi-matrices and bi-matrices for a long time
Because they make it so easy for you
And they give you the best prices too, what's not to like
So if you're finally ready for a good night's sleep for the next many zillion years
Just call bi-matrices 1-800-matrices for factory direct prices and award-winning service
No nonsense, no BS, no Schlepp and all over town wasting time gas and cash
Bi-matrices gives you 12 month financing and with bi-matrices
All you do is pick the date and time for delivery and they show up any time you want
Seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night
Even the same day that you call pick it to our window like noon to 2 and they'll be there
That's why dial amatris continues to be ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction
And why everybody at QM, even those who are brain those used dial amatris
Don't have to be a genius to figure out this is the only way to go
On the web check them out at dial amatris.com or make that one easy call
1-800-matrices 1-800-matrices
1-800-matrices 1-800-matrices
The biggest name of the best dial I've ever seen is the wheelrodger sports radio 560
QAL
Guy's f***ing bow!
I hate you
My fellow Americans, this is your president George W. Bush
And I know that like me many of you were upset with North Korea's nuclear perlif-perif-getten nukes
We are poised on the brink of a serious throwdown here folks
And what makes matters worse, the North Koreans have called us quote gangster lock
I'm here to tell you not we are not gangsters
Because it's just how we roll
In the US, young, Korean superstitionists
Dog, I'm down there
In the middle of the end of the day
Go bust the camp in the US
And kill your meal
You better just take a chair
What kind of man is he going to be?
Is that her or him?
Sounds like a real action
That's what he'd be
From Rowe, to the band called
Sleep push boomer
The word team nominee
And he's out here
So in other words, if Moe was our foe, would that make him a moe foe?
Yo money, 126 votes on the pool
We might have 1300 by the time they are by noonish
And if we get to 13 everybody noonish
By twoish, we're all going to be Jewish
How do you like that?
Oy, I mean
Oy!
Or maybe we'll have like 50
Chinquanta, banana
Controversial and prolific author, political commentator and essayist Gore Vidal
Is assured that the military is growing revolution at the Bush's junta's policies
Would ensure they would try to prevent any false flags, states terror attack
While slamming the end of the habeas corpus and the administrations coup d'etat of America
Unnashelist invocated radio broadcast
Speaking on the Alex Jones show, and this is prison planet, I always say that, I always tell you that because
Some people think that they're like paranoid lunatics
Yeah
Yeah, what?
Some people think that they're paranoid lunatics
Oh, but they're not
But nevertheless, sometimes they're right and sometimes they're a little off the edge
Speaking on the Alex Jones show, Vidal decry the end of the foundational bedrock of due process of law
And expresses astonishment to the recent loss of habeas corpus with the passage of the so-called Military Commission's act
The most egregious is all done to constitution since the pay-pun act of 2001
Wow, I didn't think I'd live as long, long enough to see that one go
That's magnet card of the spirit of running meat no longer runs in our republics, Vidal
But I'll stress that the framework of the USA pay-pun act was erected with Bill Clinton's omnibus crime bill
A massive expression of offenses that would mandate the death penalty passed in the immediate aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing
Vidal predicted with the next two years the bankruptcy of the U.S. citing vast unchecked payments to corporations like Haliburton and Sparrowing inflation
Labeling the Bush administration's legacy as a coup d'etat in which we lost the republic
The literary giant slam bush has claimed that he's a wartime president and thus has a blank check through unruf shot over the constitution
You have to have a country to have a war and you cannot have a war unless declared by Congress which they will not do, he said
They've got a mantra right now, which is totally incredible
If we don't fight them over there, we'll have to fight them over here
Well, how the hell are they going to get here into what end?
These are questions which you could shut these people up with if there was any media to attack
Or if there was a Congress capable of oversight, he said, Vidal compared the mantra of the same scare attack he used by Hermann Gehring to frighten the Germans in the submission under the pretext of an impending Soviet invasion
Vidal blamed the media for abandoning its duty as the fifth of state and watch-dog of power monopolies
Our greatest difficulty at the moment is that our media is totally corrupted starting with the New York Times, the media belongs to our rulers, he said
In the old days when something ghastly went wrong, you could kind of on journalists writing something about it
There are no voices expressing disagreement, Vidal
He related how he appeared on the CBS TV Morning Discussion Show shortly after the Oklahoma City bombing to discuss the motivations of Timothy McVeigh
When mention of the Waco Massacre caused the channel to abruptly cut his audio as a result of a military intelligence ordered to cease the feed
The controversial figure also predicted the demise of the Internet stating that they'll find a way of wrecking it
They can't have free speech in the US because free speech will ultimately define them and name them and describe their crime
While stopping short of claiming the Bush administration directly carried out 9-11 Vidal was certain that they let it happen on purpose, citing the head of the Pakistani ISI bankrolling the hijackers
While also meeting with the US government officials the week before I'm the morning of 9-11
What made no sense is that CNN wouldn't follow up on why the fighter planes hadn't been scrambled and gone up to stop the hijacking
That's the law of the land and you don't need the President or you don't need a general, those are your instructions
I know my father wrote them said Vidal
When asked if there should be a new investigation and I'd love him to balance this, then of course there should be
And a wonderful time to do it would be at the impeachment of Bush, I think you might find everything we ought to know but do not know
As to the Bush administration would go and reliance the staging of terror attack to smoke screen their scandals Vidal stated
They certainly know how to cry wolf, let's say it was on their minds to stage an event
I don't know how they can do it, luckily for us we the people they've antagonized the entire military
I don't think the military would let them
Despite his dark outlook on the future of freedom Vidal hinted at a possible reprieve for America
And beginning to feel that the tide is turning which is the first twinge of optimism I've felt in a long time
He said, maybe he's looking at the polls you think
Might be, I would think if there's a little bit a little ray of hope and like it like little ray Perry
There's a little ray for it
And you know a race is if we could just have 75 more stations doing sports talk it would bring a whole lot more listeners to sports talk radio
Right?
So a race is that's why they hired his ass back again because he's so perspricious
He's got his eye on the balls man, I try to keep him on the balls
Come on, 141 votes, well I think we got a real good shot today
You know, I could be wrong, you must think I'm crazy
Well yeah, but what do we ever get to 1500 votes during the show, huh?
During the show and don't forget now five o'clock this afternoon your ass assignment
Oh, let me set my reminder
Yeah, see if I wouldn't have said that right now you wouldn't have changed the poll
Yeah, maybe Joshua would remind me
Joshua said, oh the old man's out there would buy losing his ass again, I better I better switch that poll
Wouldn't you say that Josh?
Yeah, no you wouldn't
Well last time I tried and you know you got home early and I beat you to it
But if I get home early that means I won a lot of money
That's good news in both ways that means I won a lot of cash which means maybe I'll be sending out some people to check although I don't know
I don't like to make promises and then not follow through you know
Yeah, or maybe I won
Although if I went there today and won the progressive jackpot 166 grand on the dollar wheel of fortune
I would probably send you guys a few cents, that's sweet
We'll take it
I don't know a whole lot, whatever it is, if it's a nickel I'll take it
Okay, I'll send you a nickel and Josh a check, all right for a nickel
26 after 11 at 5 60 WQAM
Let me tell you again for the umpteenth time that Luke Backroad is doing it man this month on October
They're on their race to a thousand for the first time in their history
They want to sell a thousand vehicles in one month and I think they can do it
And if anybody ought to do it it sees people because I've been buying my cars from in my beautiful Corvette and other vehicles for a long long time
About 20 years now
Luke Backroad don't forget it's time to sell a thousand cars this month and this thing open until midnight every night to get to that thousand number
They got them all including the hot new vets, they got trucks SUVs, minivans, the biggest selection anywhere in town
They've also got used cars starting at just $39.95 every one of them backed by car facts guarantee
And because of the fact that they're trying to get to that thousand they got that race to a thousand going on
They'll make you deals that you will not believe they give you more money for your trades, 0% financing, rebates them up to 6 grand, whatever it takes to make you a deal they'll do it
Only at Luke Backroad, your relay, two locations for you in Pompano, reaching quarter mile west of by 95
And in coconut creek on 441 just south of the Sogras
Don't forget Luke Backroad stay open till midnight every night so get a bit of Luke Backroad this month
You got almost another week to go get you the best deal on a Chevy ever heard of in your life
Or do your shopping red on their website at LukeBackroad BACHRODT
LukeBackroad.com
The biggest name, so best talent to be this real Roger Sports Radio 560 UAM
New York
Congressman Mark Holy gave me a goose on my side
My steady wanted to give this to my side
My son, my son, my son, my son
Holy Holy Holy told me he would take me out of Pompano
He made a mortuary of a man of honor
He knew I'm just a kid but he couldn't have his lips on my side
But he asked my opinion what I like and not
He liked it better on a lot of times
And why he took a little time to decide to get here
Here comes Chunky, who's been wide
I like to find young men to places so that smooth hands on my thigh
All the chat room dudes I once stuck like me my side
Oh why was my lesson as a boy when I'm a heavy drinker
There's a plausible cry hey, hey now you thinker
I knew I made it as a page when a hand was placed on my side
I was the lay or say nay to a page whose hand is placed on my thigh
You're fair
Remember that story that we were reading about domestically
Getting a little bit tipsy you know
I'm going to the dorm of the P.S.
All he wanted to do was deliver a package
Was it right on Tom Faxson says if Bush decides to cancel the 2008 presidential election
Who will be there to stop him?
Who will be there when the lights go out?
Who will be left when the last American leaves sweet water
Call out of it crack I don't know Tom
I don't know
Something to think about maybe we'll take a poll on that
Who will be there to stop Bush?
About the hash standards they ought to be able to move them off
Call out on 53 I'm telling you man if we can get to a 1300 by the top of this hour
We are going to be so dangerous it's going to be scary
I think it will make the Washington Post tomorrow
Do you think?
Huh?
I don't know why I do know why I use it
Just to aggravate John
No it's not that it's just because I'm lazy
That's the reason I use internet explorer because it likes to think
If Alexa were to email stuff on Firefox
I would never go back to explore I'd never dream of it
I would let it darken my computer
1262 because Firefox is great
And in addition which it's much faster than Explorer
Yes it is
And it's not susceptible to having all that spam and crafted
Pair through their own explorer
Less buggy, more user friendly
Right
Much faster
But never less
Now there are some negatives to Firefox
What's that?
Well in certain aspects like if you're you know a lot you can't go to a lot of websites
Some websites that are like very interactive want internet explorer
They want it
They want it?
Add
Really?
Yeah
Well I can mean an example
I wanted it
You want an example?
Yeah
WQAM.com
You get out of here
How many do right now?
Okay I've typed it in
I clicked it
There it is
I got it
I'm pretty sure you might not
A lot of sites with video
Although it does have that thing that says click here to download plugin
You won't be able to do that
I'll click there
And it just you know it goes through a bunch of crap
Well who now wants to see that anyway?
I'm saying a lot of stuff with like video you won't be able to watch
Unless you look at it through it
You mean like you
Like that?
No not you too
But you know just very multi like a lot of multimedia on some sites you won't be able
To watch the videos and stuff
I run into it every once in a great while but it's true
They do
Right
Should be our worst problem
And it doesn't matter
Would you rather have that problem or do you rather have like half of the page missing when you try to print a story out?
I don't do business with sites that don't like Firefox
You mean like wqm.com
It's a sparse thing just as Josh will tell you
Now did we ever get our link back on there or while?
In fact let me go back to that
No no no no no well the new site will be coming up very soon
Yeah in other words no the answer is no
And then it will yes
Our host let me take a look at this thing where it says our host mqm.com I clicked it
There is the big O-show look at that
And he's got that look on his face like boy don't you really take me seriously?
No the Kenny and Bill Morning Show
Well that picture is taken from what about a mile away of the guys in the studio
Kenny and Bill Morning Show
It's a sparse show
And then we got the yours truly and then it's got that thing still on there email neal
And then you clicked on it and it's got that stupid outlaw can express thing
Forget about that it's not gonna happen
Instead of having a link to our web to our prestigious website which is 50 billion times better than the qm website by the way
Instead of linking it to it because we used to have those naked pictures on there back when our website was really popular
Which it isn't anymore
Then there's the mad dog looking like he just seen Tom Brady naked
The power hour look at that we don't have no power today because mad dog is on
In fact to see off the rest of the week oh it's used
Yeah all occurrences are fine job
Curtuses on this afternoon and tomorrow and on Friday
At least we got no more of no more that one share guy
Well he's busy with the pants there's anyway right he's got the panties
So we got Curtis on the rest of the week so no power hour all week long
Although with this down the schedule the power hour with Hank
Well what does that mean you know
Well what kind of crap is that I'm gonna tell you this is the worst schedule
It's obvious that clearance is crumbling out of the pressure we can't handle it
Get him some therapy get that child some help
This is the between screwing up all the hockey games and having the wrong teams that they're playing and where they're playing it all week long
Having it screwed up
My favorite was that fan him game against the flyers that he originally had for Friday night
We still didn't even exist
There is a Hank looking really a fat and bubbly
Afternoons 4 to 7 including the power and there's any K who looks much older than I've seen it
There must be a new picture is it not really God he looks a hundred
He looks makes me look like a child
Eddie bald is up a cue ball my God he's got the more Howard David in the haircut
Haven't seen any in a long time I mean you know when you deal with guys who work like late at night or overnight
The daytime people and the late night people and they almost never went into each other
Like when I used to do all those years eight to midnight remember those years
Nope I should do it. Yeah you do on WS news and I and Z
Well that's right you were listening back then when you claimed that you were
I was I don't know you listen what I never listen to talk radio until I started working to talk radio
Oh in other words that's why you're so unhappy now
That must be it. It's one of the reasons anyway
From 74 we're going to do it we're going to get to 1300 by when a little hand hits the big hand by noon
And that's going to create an explosion around the world and I bet you in a big bend
Although let's see it's coming up on 5 and a half noon there
What what they'll they know David corn writes on the nation how big will the anti-GOP way of B
But it's a good but it's not real long I'm going to have time for it right now because we're going to do the break
We got to do the break and we got to get a lot more votes on this poll today
Our whole object of being here is not to like entertain and not like you know it's two things
Making some money and number two getting a lot of votes on the poll right right
Right, do you remember those great calls you ever going to do a show without a poll?
No why why would we want to do that it's part of the show
It's been part of the show for years now right yes and of course that was back in the day when I used to take phone calls which is a bad mistake
Ah that's nice
Yeah
But and that's one of the worst thing and that one was like hanging in the air for a long time
Yeah, you know you like to savor that yeah, yeah, that was good
But another worst is when you have you're going to season and you can't do it
Oh yeah and just goes away
Sneezes interrupt us that's why you feel and fulfilled that's kind of kind of like a sexual thing when you run the verge and then all of us don't happen
You know what I'm saying I hate that yeah
1274 votes on the poll we're going to do it we're going to have 1300 by the top of the air
I bet you they have like special meetings across the street 1277 stick that in your pipe into smoke as y'all
The biggest name of the group of people
There's no need for a group of people to be in the middle of your life
A special one somewhere
It's me on your a radio dialed beaming its mighty signal across Cooper City and beyond it
Let's get started Joey
Hey, what's up more for America that Republican party or Hannibal Lector
Ah, look at the airs as in a moment
But face to face words for a romantic your convenient roadside stand for fresh eggs
Next time you're in the mood for fresh eggs you can pull up to any phone booth style
Ago met extended drop a couple of dollars in the hole and out another hole will come somebody's handed filled with eggs
And then you take your eggs and just go away
Imagine my name mo howard a David and you'll get a handful of eggs but a regular price and now I'm gonna show
First of all for a Republican party Uncle Charlie Christ or smooth naked into the page of a boys
Yeah, man
Why sure
Haha
Alrighty things
Well, he's paying for it
Maybe we should move him to overnight Sunday morning
Hey, I see who guys talking about me over there
I read lips you know
Think they're gonna fire me huh?
Well my little friend here says otherwise see?
I'm gonna keep waving at that judge until you're back slowly away from that window
Put your pants back on
I said put your pants back on
Alright, I'll put my pants back on
But if you think I gotta go through this every time I read the gift you got another thing come and see
I'm gonna take my things and walk slowly away
I'm walking slowly away
Hi, bye mo
You know I have one question about Spider-Man 2 and it is how did the professor once he got those long testicles tentacles?
Yeah
Once he put that outfit on there how did he take a shower?
Oh, he didn't be on that point
Oh, I'm thinking maybe they spritzed the body while I wore shron
I'm thinking he would got awfully gay me at that point
Yeah, he didn't look to uh, Sam and Joey with Schmutzie
Trawhan 92 votes on the pool
We're gonna make 1300 easy by the top of the air
How do you like that, Joel?
Put that in your peace pipe and smoke it
Put that in your bong and puff on it, you idiot
Rudy Giuliani has hired a new fundraiser
He used to work for Tupper Central Advisor Carl Rove
The latest sign the former mayor made behind the White House
He's got his eye on it
Margaret Hoover 28 made 10 grand last month as they knew
Deputy Finance Director for Solutions America
Giuliani's Federal Political Action Committee Records show
Hoover's resume includes working on intergovernmental affairs for Rove
Wily considered to be the mastermind behind President Bush's two election skills
and working for Bush's 2004 campaign operation
Hoover the great granddaughter of former President Herbert Hoover
Remember two chickens in every pot and a finger up every uh,
The report directly to Ann Dickinson, Giuliani's top fundraiser
Another veteran of Bush's 2004 campaign
Giuliani has said for months he's weighing a run for President in 2000
Maybe the decision he recently said he hopes to make some time next year
Last month he donated a size of 105 grand or other GOP candidates
and causes a round of nation including 15 grand of candidates in Iowa
and $5,000 stated New Hampshire Republican State Committee
Both early presidential primary states
Rudy Giuliani
I'll guarantee you one thing you kick Hillary's ass
Now Elliott Spitzer is going to be the next governor of New York in two weeks
He's going to get elected governor because the tech he can't run again
Elliott Spitzer the Attorney General of New York
All right
He's your next president
All right
Now nobody else is telling you that everybody's saying
And I like Barack Obama but I'm thinking that maybe he hasn't so you know ready for prime time
In addition to which you know the Democrats like Geraldine Ferraro
Remember that the first woman on a candidate on the ticket
You know always do these things you leave her men and put her money at hand
That's right
Making sure that they give people reason to vote against them
But they're delusional
Yeah
You mean like our management
Like that
David Korn on the nation says how big will the anti-GOP wave be?
We are hoping really big
Huge
Huge
He said this morning, meaning yesterday morning at a briefing on the congressional elections
That event that featured former representatives Dick Armigiano for Dunn and Big Headhart
And that was sponsored by Washington Law for a political analyst Charlie Cook
An independent handker, a headie-capert trusted by Democrats and Republicans
Offered good news for the Democrats
He compared 2006 to 1994 the year when Republicans shockingly seized control of both houses of Congress
Nending a whopping 52 house seats
Cook noted that in October of 94, 39% of Americans said they believed the country was heading in the right direction
And 48% thought it was on the wrong track
Now the right wrong track numbers are far more negative
26% to 61% are said on the wrong track
In October 94, President Clinton's approval rating was 48%
These days Bush is at about 38%
The approval rating for Congress in 1994 was 24%
Now it's 16% with 75% giving Congress a thumbs down
In 94 Republicans had a six-point lead in polls asking respondents to say whether they prefer a Republican Democratic candidate
Not the Democrats have a 15-point edge
But when asked if their own member of Congress deserve reelection
In 1994, 49% said no
Now only 45% said no
In both years, 39% said boot the bomb out
Boot the bomb
Stick it up your bomb, Joel
We got 13-hundred votes
I just looked at it
Did you look at it?
No, what's it look like?
1, 3, and 2, wow
Oh, oh
Yeah, that looks like the big number in the morning
That 0.5, between 5 and 7
That must be just a fluke, okay?
Because he is legendary in his own mind
In fact, I think he's even rock solid
The bottom line David Cohen says
Out of 5 key indicators of the national political mood for our significantly worse for the Republicans in 2006 compared to the Democrats in 1994 as cook put it
The 2006 political wave at this moment is bigger than that in 1994
But that doesn't mean the Democrats are going to win as many seats as the GO peers had 12 years ago
Gave hard caution that congressional districts are far more gerrymandered these days than they were back then
Which means fewer are in play
And that Republicans have had a year to prepare for this election and build a wall to hold back the coming storm
In 94 he said Democrats were taken by complete surprise and done perhaps trying to convince himself maintain that her party had plenty of money to dump into the limited number of house contest
Up for grabs we'll be able to prevent the Democrats from picking up more than a dozen house seats they need 15 to get control of the house
Still cocoa attribute 70% of the electorate sourmode the Bush's war in Iraq was predicting a Democratic gain in the house at least 20 and maybe 35 seats
As for the Senate cooked as grab it as a toss up with control of that body resting on what will happen in Missouri, Virginia, Tennessee and New Jersey
The Democrats are going to cook probably will need three of these four races to win the Senate
He warned that there is a fair bit of volatility within the electorate and that it's nearly impossible to predict what will be happening by adding up outcomes in individual house races
In 94 he recalled he and other tractors foresaw a GOP gain of 20 to 30 house seats but nothing like what really happened
When there's a wave quote said they always go bigger than you expected that with a beach voice that catch away that always gets bigger than you expect
That's what they said
You know Janine Dean you know just Democrats who haven't done much to shape the current political dynamic can hope so
For nail-viders the media questions are obvious can Bush and Carl Rowe do anything in the last two weeks of the campaign to change the weather
There's not much time left for an October surprise can they pull off a November surprise if not and the forecast doesn't shift can Republicans construct fortifications to beat back the wave and just enough spots to keep their majority of floating cars
Congress cook thinks not I'm not going to be gutsy make any predictions except this is David porn Rowe was either about to meet his water Lou or confirm his reputation as an odd defying political genius
One of the other got it got it 1306 on at poor we're gonna have 1500 during the show today which means we got a few people listen out there or we're just lucky
We're lucky it's a good thing is what by Wednesday maybe I got to play the progressive what do they call that mega bucks jackpots like 2.4 million well there you go
Like playing the lottery got no chance but if I hit it I would send you guys each you know an envelope actually nothing in it but I'm
Oh that's that's what's the difference between the progressive slots in those conservative slots
We're in doubt in the times today running against themselves which I think is what you're doing right now I have time to read this before the break you read fast I'm not gonna read fast that I don't want to do that because then you start see one thing about you
You don't read these bedtime stories because you're in articulate that's the problem right because you know speaking in glaze so as a result of that you you don't understand it when you know how long it is
about James Franco I can't begin to tell you well I'm sorry about that I thought I'd met my hero well you haven't seen that Tristan now what's his name other Josh he saw it right yes I did now I can
Ask you because obviously you get all squee you know all square motions or squeamish and you know antsy but you will have to admit that he don't
Respect no but in that movie they all had all that crap on you know it was the days of the medieval of warriors you know they all had a lot of crap on a lot of baggage that's right so it's they all look
Like they were all bucked up and the boots up but then when they took all of that off they might have been like look like carrying carbon around a
Bad day they might look like Kate Moss in fact I'm told that when he does get naked James Franco looks a lot like Kate Moss that's bad 1308 on the pool what do Americans do better than anyone else in the world
Spend money on crap 376 and the people will make crap by the way very grateful. Thank you for doing that God bless you God bless America
Stay stupid 221 Deny reality 197 make war 115 kill 94 in fact a very famous philosopher who used to work at WQA I'm not all that long ago he told me that's America's number one hobby
Kill some people just in there you know pollute 82 waste time 55 do movies 51 screw 46 party slash get intoxicated 24 now I got news for a man in Europeans they got to be on that they're
Drunk before noon every day lie 20 medicine 19 and drive badly still Solomente Ocho is in on Kaya Ocho
The biggest day is driving air challenge not his picnic
Roger's 2560
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M if you're offended by that other down home family style restaurant with cracker in the name then you better stay the hell away from the new down home family style restaurant with cracker in the name
But if you need to come on in to white cracker barrel you'll be seated in one of our two separate buddy cool downing rooms in the white room you'll enjoy a cocktail like a white Russian white lady white spider or any type of wine as long as white or beer and the kids will enjoy cool
Late or milk sorry no chocolate relax to our piped in music with no rhythm whatsoever your discriminating taste will be prejudiced for any exclusive menu black southern fried chicken white meat of course smothered in white gravy or try the other white meat or chops with applesauce and for the seafood lover try our exclusive white and
Cajun white fish and everything is served smothered in mayonnaise and in our black dining room you can sit in the bag finish from the old and get the hell out either way you'll get what you deserve at the only white cracker barrel down home family style restaurants where white is always right
trouble one at five sixty w.m. now you like the white soup but a red soup on that's poof folks right that's what you're gonna send this some stuff for our own by the way there's a really funny bit that you can't plan the new with this care from the mind to approach you the newest reality craze on to me dancing with the stars comes a new reality show that is gonna blow you away
yeah I saved a copy anyway no it's worth it it's so great all the good stuff we can play we apologize to the really funny stuff we can't play anymore because we get joist anyway so Sean sends me a bunch of polls thanks a lot Sean all the way in that first one there yeah I no idea what that is well Google it right if you haven't even the big breakfast Google it okay and click on the second listing there on a Google and you'll just
around whatever but anyway Sean says in my naive youth I assume nothing could be more depressing than a healthy Bob Lacer doing a radio show I was wrong two minutes reading the poor man's death blog would have Roberto Benini swallowing zoe off by the fistful I don't know if Bob abused himself to death or his melody was unavoidably genetic but please everyone get some damn exercise to Sean exercise regular exercise will have to overcome a marginal diet but the best diet in the world cannot compensate for no exercise besides a few muscles count as hard currency when you try to get laid to Sean
I don't think that was probably of course when you're in radio you sit on your ass all the time I certainly don't imagine he was one of those people got a lot of exercise any more than I do but he was once upon a time a really huge guy and when you're really huge you have diabetes and it's out of control and admittedly you know I talked to him about it and if you were reading his blog you know along the way you know he just he just didn't pay any attention to it and even with me when the some of the crap that I eat like when I tell you on days that had a pint of ice cream in my blood sugar you know you can't stop there but I
think enough medication to get it back down I try to keep it with an a reasonable range although one of these days I'm sure I'll pay I'll pay a working price and I did and he did and we should learn by his example but like I said the other day it's easy to say that but we're hooked so we can't do it we're addicted so what do you think of that pooping with the stars oh it's hysterical
I trust you the newest and unrelated subject yes that gaping business oh no yeah you Google it we can't discuss that on the air what do you mean by that I know we can't discuss it
I told you I don't want to talk about it you're the one that talks about the crap not me oh my mouth is a gap from reading about it
well there's not it's not the only thing that's a gap if you look at that website oh wow yeah and I'm supposed to be the
pervert right Sean thanks Sean 1336 votes on the pool man we're gonna have over 1400 by one o'clock we've got to
fifth we got it lick man speaking of perversion we got it licked marine doubt says running against
themselves here's a column from this morning's New York Times marine doubt won't cost you a dime things have
become so there for the Republicans that now even Bush is just in seeing himself from Bush the president is
cutting and running from the president and a moment is event at the White House on Monday Tony snow made a
major announcement about an important news strategy in Iraq the president will no longer stay on the state of the
course on the rallying cry state the course a presidency build on a message discipline message state the
course is trying to salvage itself with some last minute on messaging message no more state of course of course
the administration has never really said what the course is so it was never really apparent what's
staying at man anyhow it was a wacky moment for Tony snow who renounced the slogan while sticking to
the policy it left the wrong impression about what was going on the press secretary said and a lot of
critics to say well here's an administration that just embarked upon a policy and not looking at what
the situation is when in fact it's just the opposite the important thing was that the cliche sounded good
to Republicans strong and virile for a while the posters for the White House seem to be the last to
learn that even many of the party faithful had soured on the phrase demonet in flexible and stupid as
Carl Rover or GOP candidates to keep the Democrats on the offensive on national security lost his magic in a
White House with a fox news all spin sensibility officials don't think they need to change the strategy as much
they need to change their slogan the overworked bush for a suggested bearing your head in the sand Steve Huntson
political director at lunch research companies a GOP public opinion firm told the Washington Post Peter Baker
the problem is I wonder if he's getting to Peter Parker spider mains but huh Peter was that his name yes the problem is I
wonder where he parked his scooter the problem is that is the number of people who are green with the remaining
resolute windows that's what a language doesn't strike a court as much as it once did on wanting to admit
mistakes are faced the urgent need to go past semantic changes in a protractor protector that is falling
into the vicious civil war in which Americans are merely referees and targets the White House is falling back on marketing
just as Andy card rolled out the words a marketing event the Bush team now thinks that all it needs to do is come up with a catchy and
chesty new advertising pitch baby you can and assured will flip spring that the president still intended to stay the
course and see victory he just wouldn't use that phrase because again people the impression that W. Was unwilling to change tactics
after all the change told Rush Limbaugh last week that the ineptim reiki government was doing remarkably well
but given the republican meltdown it's obvious that Democrats are having better luck mocking the Republicans for staying the course
then Republicans are having mocking the Democrats for cutting and running but Democrats have no ingenious ideas about how to
execute ourselves from this nasty war either yeah W. Once more accused that Democrats have wanting to cut and run an
racket campaign stop in Sarasota yesterday many frantic Republican lawmakers also are running against themselves either
reneging on their support for the war they started or waiting against Washington the time they absolutely control claiming that the
capitalist forgotten their values are making ads denouncing the Democrats homosexual agenda even though Republicans are now the party of
gay scandal it's a hilarious spectacle of whole party reenacting this classic scene in Elbors blazing saddles in which the sheriff holds the
gun to his own head to take himself hostage the Bushes don't connect words with action action is something that secretly plotted with the inner
circle behind closed doors the public should stay out of it the Bushes just connect words with salesmanship poppy Bush never meant it when he
said read my lips no new taxes at the 90 of convention it was just a clenese wood sounding line and a peggy noon and speech meant to pump up his
flighty image just so his son never paid any mind to his campaign promise not to nation build and he didn't come through on his
bullhorn pledge to catch the perpetrators of 9.11 or a tough guy vowed to bring an Osama dead or alive to W. The
words he says to Americans no matter as much as the words Dick Cheney says to him he just has to hope that Daddy's friend James Baker the
smooth fixer whose coach him and the Iraq study group and was already suggested moving past the meeting with partisan jargon of cut and run and
stayed of course comes up with some plan to rescue junior from a fine mess one more time that's your girlfriend marine doubt she's sweet sweet
speaking of the lost package 1343 votes on the pool and it's one thing about the spider man movies though it's like it's like all these
super hero movies you know that they're well they're like all obsessed with like like in this small bill his obsessed with
Lana but they never do anything you know right well you at least in that movie they bore out why it's like it's difficult to have
a relationship when you can never show up for a date because bank robber is something you know it's not like he
didn't want we don't never see that in small bill was he running around catching bank robber I don't know he's catching
stuff catching crack from Lionel Louvre but you know finally he got it together in the end and we were all happy he got
in the end yeah go get him tiger what are you talking about in the movie in spider man 2 we finally
Spider Man 2 all in the end of the movie well yeah well finally he was able to reconcile the the two lives
there after they went to that traumatic care that the gigantic building there high yeah that was
pretty see the dialogue is written for him it's written for sure the character was shaped around him and the
dilaret even for him are real nerd you know this is really heavy yeah always such a nerd as a move you
wonder he couldn't get laid at any rate although I think he had his eye on the Harry
sure well they were roommates well they are going to be tangling they were roommates they also
were to be roommates to me you know what they say about guys over like 18 or 19 who live together dry
nice timing to get a mouthful spaghetti oh just toot it all out huh
not for spaghetti how is it from Tony's that bet yes how come you never thank
and it Brad or anybody out here Brad and Tony's and the people at how he's it no you know he's just
taken for granted there it's like you know it's like a love it is like the fact that you're on to show
you're entitled to what just pop up the free food oh as a matter of fact that scene in the movie oh
it was perfect where the he's guy he's working as a pizza delivery kid yeah and he's busy you know
doing his thing there on his spider webs and so it just momentarily he drops the pizzas on the guy's
balcony they're right to get him out of his hands for a second because he's got other beer fish to fry
and just as he's coming back to pick up the four boxes of pizzas again the guy goes in there and steals
a slice right he was going to tell you well I can't tell you who I was thinking of at that point
don't don't don't don't and then of course red comes back and grabs the slide right right out of his hand
now that was justice okay we didn't even have to call Don Corleone that was just if we need
a spider man here in the building for a little while there yeah that's right be the pizza when
somebody were trying to chop up all the pizza don't don't worry that pizza thief 1351 oh there's
Michael Fox that you really believe that he's I mean the that that what are you laughing about that's
right that's in very bad taste rush has said a lot of outrageous things in the past but I think he's
done he's reached new limit no there there is no low there there's no well that he can't transcend
apparently not I mean if you'd ask rush how low can you go he'd say how low can you find him like
yeah I'm not big having Parkinson's yeah the chicks hey I got news for a time jicke told me
years ago Michael's eight boxes getting all the action he wants that's what time told me well he's
got all the moves now there he is he's just standing up there with that podium uh number
congress or a candidate for any office and Michael's eight fox is living every day with the
effect of a lack of stem cell research support he is a number one qualified to talk on this issue
and I commend him looks to get a bravery it took for him to go get up there and put on an act like
that anyway rush limbaugh will say anything to attack anyone who challenges George
version of his policies this time his target is Michael's eight fox meds are something rush has
a little experience with rush limbaugh cues Michael day fox actor and Parkinson's disease victim
of deliberately going off his meds to appear on camera with exaggerated symptoms of his disease
for dramatic effect fox appeared in a recent kramar cascal center campaign at touting the need for
stem cell research limbaugh even goes so far so cues fox of taking his symptoms all together
how do you like that uh huh he says I stated when I saw the ad I was commenting you about it that he
was either off the medication he was acting he's an actor after all this pickable and then it's
it just goes on what do you call him that this pickable is what I said right so there you go pick
it on some four shaky guy like four michael's eight fox that's rush I noticed rush ain't working
on those abc football broadcast anymore is he there was a bs pn I figured whatever the hell well he
had a big difference talking about who now is he talking about you go squat back down a bit
with that about you work thinking too many good things about him either they're in the late
stages of your game on sunday as he brought the eagles back from that seventeen nothing deficit
and it looks like the eagles it's snatch victory from the claw jaws of the feet but just like the
democrats at the very last second yeah the guys the clock is running out they snatched the feet from
the jaws of victory eagles did which they still left special that's usually the a buck speciality
by the way at least had nice game against otter willize ninth they lost 62 that was nice
they always lose the otter during the regular season they this way they set them off for the playoffs
sounds good to me 1361 man we got a shot at 85 million votes today man it's gonna be the talk of the
yeah
and the politics of your face
haha
now i'm gonna change the face of wedging conscious sport whole radio
starting with an interview with a generic sport host
sputters
i don't like to buy your underwear since the team and no matter who this is
because they all sound alike
politics do what i say thanks for doing this interview with me i'll make a hundred percent
effort to perform well so yeah how come all you sports guys are like that so
fabulous in there stupid well we have to go to college but never really attend classes just like
not too smart is the situation we have
do think they've been about male athletes and white shipping their jacks traps is a little
day and just a little under your curious side maybe stretch it out at the scene if you type
but some don't it is we like women we're programmed to do so you have a
station outside of one show you haven't hear anyone talk about girls
it is a little weird day
day three very lonely men with very small things who need to hear
that you say you know sport is that day
day
haha
oh yeah he kind of left a gap in our programming there when we had him on you know
it a gate
a gap in gap
oh speak out of that uh that's why I played it
and in battle indian congressman is launched a new campaign and that warns
the vote for his democratic opponent could trigger a shift in house leadership
and advance a homosexual agenda
all you got you fake it's in the woman of radio web paid for by friends
of representative john hot settler or he sounds like a uh uh uh ummish guy to me
or a crowd hot settler well that's what all those names are anyway all those
omniscient oh and an answer impersonating clities with dirty
hairy characters as a vote for challenger bredels worth would be a vote for
california democrat nancy Pelosi is how speaker
Pelosi will then put in motion a radical plan to advance the homosexual agenda led by
barney frank
reprimanded by the house after paying for sex with a man who ran a gay brothel
out of congressman frank's home the narrator says
frank democratic massachusetts became the first member of congress to voluntarily
make homosexuality public in 1987 in 89 a gay prostitute and former
companion of frank's name steven goby a ledger frank knew that he ran a gay
prostitution ring out of the congressman's washed in dc apartment
the house ethics committee rejected goby's charges is untrue in 90
they did find that frank fixed parking tickets accumulated by goby and wrote a
misleading memo for him the house is in a public reprimanded barney for those
issues they said you ferry the average debuted Saturday across southwestern
indiana also accuses us worth a lot of you have amnesty demands of illegal
aliens with the toilet liberals on conures and raised taxes with the or
liberal charlie wrangle i know what you're thinking the narrator says is this
true well if you're lucky go ahead vote for bad elsewhere make nancy
Pelosi's day elsewhere's campaign called the ad sensational and false
the race is not about nancy Pelosi or san francisco spoke spoke to the mad
wise men said what it's about is going to who's going to do the best job
or representing out of the idea the day agenda baby
always got to have a good scapegoat
for you know a long time was the jews and out of the uh... and of course the
gauges you're very well boy like miss fudge about gay Muslims now
thirteen hundred and seventy votes on the pool man we're gonna have fourteen
hundred easy by the top of the hour we're gonna ease into fifteen hundred do
believe it when i told you at ten fifteen this morning we're gonna go for
fifteen ever votes on the pool today you must have both been thinking this guy
is crazy he's a crazy old coup well not because of that even before i said they
were thinking that
i news for my paycheck showed up yesterday day early uh...
ice-cold air clearance in joh and what was in the county who's in the
county them okay
jenny michelle
all everybody there nice going and don't forget that bonus check it that baby in
the real quick yeah please see i mean it was it was really a very bizarre
thing that happened Saturday morning sitting there would buy i'm not doing all
that well at that point i did make it come back and broke even thanks god later on
on sitting there losing and i get an email from clearance and here's the ratings
and i see we're never one again my very unexpected weren't you surprised
were you shocked you know i'm just too nauseous to call it one way or another one
uh... for summer rating time and something in myself well i got that nice bonus
there and even though it's the summertime and i get like uh... very paltry some
compared to the rest of your uh... you know i didn't make any difference whether i
win or lose this morning and then wouldn't you know it is like what have it up
pop that fifteen hundred on the line and i broke even at the uh...
a little machine day and i flew out of there it was a gay a great great day
what about the dogs would think about this story although majority of americans
support increasing the number of border patrol agents along u.s. mexican border
most do not support building that seven hundred mile fence along the border
according to a CNN poll came out yesterday today
seventy four percent of a thousand thirteen pull respondents that they would be
in favor of more u.s. agents along the border but only forty five percent that they
wanted a border fence built according to survey conducted by opinion research
corp on behalf of cnn and i bet you'll dobs and two please about that he was a
big old fence he wants to go down there and shoot him as they come across the border
of that okay well fifty eight percent said it was a four large finds on employers
who hire illegal immigrants fifty four percent said they would oppose the
all terms for those employers more than two thirds of poor response fifty seven
percent said the number of illegal immigrants in the west should be decreased
but only thirty four percent said all illegal immigrants should be removed
sixty seven percent said the number of illegal immigrants should be decreased
that's like saying that sixty seven percent said there ought to be a fewer
robberies i mean well what does that mean deport them deport them all
the number of recent pull roughly the same as similar pull conducted in june and
ludhams uh... is all whipped up into a printing talk about a one-note Charlie man
they're destroying the middle class and it's because of all these illegal
is all you uh... spicks in whatever he said
disgraceful
of course it's not an act not an act of the thing you understand that i don't know
what it was the legal thing it's not an anti-mexican thing is it worth it for
no matter where they come from that's right all these other latinos from all
overland in america pouring in through mexico and of course if they build that
gigantic fence i mean how difficult is it going to be for them to dig tunnels
underneath the fence or like drill make holes in the fence for the hard workers
you know that's right they got a lot of experience doing that making holes in
things
thriller the real a gap in that fence
hey shion
you yourself some health shion
well it's your fault you know i got them all with them put a damn thing about
facials i don't know if you're not going to use that poll i'm on vacation for a
week and i come in and i look to see what kind of insipid grotesque poll jurors
taken a day and it's like uh... god so what did you vote on it
i said what that
ha ha ha ha
thirteen hundred eighty five votes on the pool i bet you that i bet you they're
having a staff meeting about this right now
about what i'm not talking about across the street i'm talking about in our
building about the fact that we got so many people voting on our pool today
polo and thirty five we have them any people listening in the morning yet
and that's because nobody's discovered the kinean volumorning show yet that's
because there's no promotion yet
hey kine we're very sorry that they were
and i have the biggest name so best talent i think
you're being run through four 205 60
you a m
this nonsense
other nonsense
hey everybody i'm former heavyweight champion of the world my question
oh my god i'm coming to see you to fight you
anybody want to fight my guys
don't i need to learn i used to be fast as lightning
i'm still on the leekum remember when i did that five
deen
rock
but i'm still so excited
and he just love me too i'm almost washed up as dean
but i'm the crazy it's around when i get into the ring now
one kick now fall down now i'm pulling out on floor and i think i'm going to score
and if i fight against the chick if i lose a bite on the chick hey baby i'll turn my
costume into a few words even if i got no last thing
that's coming them from the time that i did that five
deen take that chick and go my fifth week laughing and
laughing
oh yeah are mine my taxes i'm the most beautiful boxes of
evolution and i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna eat your kids
i'm gonna play you with me because you don't get a lot of these
everybody likes me i'd love it
1395 votes on a pool how do you like that aren't you impressed it's only 1232
and you'll be even more impressed when you understand i got my shirt and my pants on
thank you my pants aloonies now you're
citing so common and i've even got my my camp here in my
shirt pocket where you talk about being prepared man talk about a ritualized
and wonderful life active duty troops voice their descent from US policy in
Iraq boy how come you didn't tell me a long time ago to get rid of that
exploring get on this uh uh uh because i really don't like you and i talked
behind your back all the time oh Liam maddened imposed the war in Iraq even
before he deployed with his marine unit in late 2004 but he came home convinced
more than ever that the war was wrong the more informed i got the more i
opposed the war said maddened 22 a marine corps sergeant in quanticova
jr the more people who died there the longer we stayed there the more i
opposed the war the more i know the easier it is to support with
draw man is one of about 118 members of the
US military plan to petition congress asking that US forces be withdrawn from
rack and brought home so to turn a j e McNeil i wonder if he's kind of archie
McNeil hope McNeil is advising the grassroots group of
actively service members who organize the petition drive through a website
in a rare display of public dissent maddened other service men trying to go
public today with their disapproval members of the military are more limited
than civilians in how they can express dissent although a number of troops
including at least one other off at one officer been brought up on charges
for refusing to serve in a rack and doesn't more deserted this is the first
time that serving members of the US military a public petition congress to end
the war the action comes less than two weeks before the elections in which
iraq is a major issue no kidding
let him home baby now no more dead people if they want to kill each other over
there let him have a good time right right sure they've been doing it for
thousands of years 14 101 votes just like his real unless being on there with
that has the law business and he knows how nobody even talks about that
anymore except when we talk about those cluster bombs and the phosphorus and
all that stuff nobody even talks about that no more what it is what it is
grace that that's part of what we export that's what america's
for its best impact that should be number one is kill people yeah
gonna do it on the pool we got 14 oh one on the pool
is there any doubt in you nimble mine whether we'll make that 15 ever now or
not no doubt right mommy ivens writes it's good to be the richest of the rich
true i could give it a shot for a few weeks when you yeah
she says oh goody according to the White House press office president bush will
spend much of the next two weeks discussing what a straw economy we have
did you know that's a Dow Jones industrial average is at its highest point
and then as dac did oh wow breathtaking huh but the Dow is not a good indicator
of how things are really going for the majority of americans i just love
less listening to bush's play with numbers when bush took over in 2001 he
predicted a surplus of five hundred sixteen billion dollars for fiscal year
two thousand six last week the administration announced a two thousand six
deficit of two hundred and forty eight billion missing its projection for
this year by seven hundred and sixty four billion dollars bush said the numbers
are proof that pro-growth economic policies work are an example of
sound fiscal policies here in washington this is how he reminiscent of
vickchenes recent observation about the Iraqi government if you look at the
general overall situation they're doing remarkably well he said bush's main
talking point on the budget is that he cut the deficit in half that would be
from two thousand four the year the White House inflated the projected deficit
for political reasons even conservatives disagree
grand redel of the heritage foundation says the White House has a track record
of projecting budget numbers to be a lot worse than they end up which
therefore help them defeat the gloomy expectations and declare victory
if bush does manage to make the tax cuts permanent it'll add more than three
trillion dollars to the deficit over the next ten years the federal budget would
be virtually imbalanced if there'd been no tax cuts bush's version of doing
remarkably well includes a trade gap now a record sixty nine point nine billion
dollars up to point seven percent since July short of a big correction
consumer spending the best we can know for is that the trade deficit stabilizes
Stephen Stanley chief economist and rbs Greenwich capital to bluebird dot com
meanwhile what we see in the economy as a whole is an immense shift of wealth
from the poor middle class to the very rich it seems a little painful to
point this out yet again after six solid years of it but these are lies
damn lies and statistics just to give you an idea of how dependable the
bush numbers are the Department of Health and Human Services put out a
press release a few weeks ago telling senior citizens that they'll have new
options with low cost and that monthly premiums and 07 will be the same as
the Medicare prescription drug benefit just keeps getting better verbal
HHS they seem to have been taken too much in the way prescription drugs
Henry Waxman one of the most singularly useful members of congress found
that average premiums will actually increase by over ten percent next year
and for the lowest price plans average premiums will be up over
forty four percent it's not merely confusing arithmetic it's deceptive
advertising Waxman said while lightning the tax burden for the rich other parts of
the bush economic program continued to undermine the middle class of this
country as you may recall in 2005 the credit industry successfully ran
a disgraceful bankruptcy reform bill through congress it's working out just
the way we expected it to middle class families are burrowing more than ever
to make ends meet most families go under if a they lose a job or be they have a
health emergency crisis want to turn these sums up the
legislation's impact it's designed to make life miserable for anybody who
owes money it's a health event switched a little guy law
Bush's remarkably good economy is good only for the richest for the rest of us
incomes are stagnant and education health care cost are skyrocketing
the republican congress blindly rubber stamps policy designed to help only a
few are you better off than you were six years ago
ask Molly Ivans didn't we read that he's got breast cancer Molly
you might have left about yeah what do you mean you forgot you're so
in sensitive and track of the breast cancer how do you develop this hatred of
women in your later years i don't hate women not all of them no
all polshire x rated pets again hurting republicans there's fat
the right which of course is outside the room there party mode uh... that they
are developing a narrative and they're pretty close to all there's fat denny has
to their with the and look at a he's got some sprinkles on his uh... collar there
yeah i thought there he had something on his collar too but in the heart of
sprinkles
look at somebody sprinkle it on his collar fourteen and eighteen votes on the
pool man we got the fifteen hundred made in the shade
i would go back there and i would run into currants is office and just jump on
his desk like rubble stills can just jump up and on screaming we got fifty
that remote say you jackass wouldn't be great
yeah take a picture of it
what to american how we do it on our uh...
my uh... my uh... now see i haven't put that on here yet you think i haven't put
it on my thing it on my my space we have six ninety nine we had six hundred
ninety nine friends
all right my space that's pretty good so i have no gauge there's a really there's
a really good stuff on these
are you looking at i'm going to it
and what does it say when we started this morning at six ninety nine
you know that we have to go back seven hundred total of the if we can make a new
friend of the i'm ice based on com when that be great that be special and of course
if they haven't put a picture up there and it's somebody that really turned
somebody on you know that'd be better some of your own living in breathing
person of legal age of course and we can all sit around and go
well we would not be seven hundred even seven hundred even what do i tell you
this is the day man i'm going to play lots of machines today
the biggest name so best to play in the air in this
main
Roger
Fort Gritio 560
issue
a
m
a
stench of cow manure
covers over this performance by the dolphin
uh
oh drag my any has the dolphins and here we go again
another losing season that's never gonna end
they never win they never will and i will never know
why sports are a straight it took them to win the super bowl
and my any dolphins
my any dolphins my any dolphins number how many teens in the league
did you my any dolphins my any dolphins the same old story nothing new
but
dolphins are such losers they really are quite lame
i knew it from the fair restart i watched a picture game
oh hey you see the rinpee wave it's saving through that flag
you're standing on the sidelines he looked just like a fag in there
you fed my any dolphins my any dolphins
my any dolphins number how many teens in the league
my any dolphins my any dolphins
their problem stick to them like glue
the dolphins lost a football and then he can't see
it's only five year luck that they pulled out of the curry
and then they played the Texans it almost made me sick
that's too fit too point passway that's fumbling on site
jim there the my any dolphins my any dolphins
my any dolphins number how many teens in the league
so my any dolphins my any dolphins
oh and no more a need to shoot
but dolphins can't control the ball they're running
game is flat as for their execution well i'd agree with that
they're always gone a flow a lead of that you can be sure
and when they leave the field so has a stench of common door and there are
my any dolphins my any dolphins my any dolphins number how many
teens in the league my any dolphins my any dolphins
give them another shot of blue
but dolphins have no strategy they play like idiots
another couple games watching the theory of singe jets
i think they're always hard it's almost like their curse
ask Jason Taylor and Zach Thomas which team is low
words and they'll say my any dolphins my any dolphins
my any dolphins number what the hell thirty two
my any dolphins my any dolphins my any dolphins now there's
no
no
seven hundred two friends that's a good news on my space page the bad news is
that the Firefox sucks does it yeah because i just i just uh click on uh my
space on our page on there on Firefox and like Josh said you know all the
YouTube videos that people have been putting on there
almost all of which are really very uh hysterical entertaining and whatever
putting the uh
virtual everything on there for you click here to a download plugin
yeah well download the plugin doesn't work you have to do that with internet
explorer too when you first get your computer
uh it's it's just a hassle man's a pen in the ass i don't want to start all over
again i don't want to start from scratch all right there's like a a big gap in
the technology a gap you know i understand no i know what you're saying but never
the less 1444 but that's a nice number we'll get to 15 real easy today no stress no pressure
baby just the way we like it a brother a pat tillman the national football he
player was killed in combat in afghanistan after leaving his fourth career to
serve in the army has lashed out at the Iraq war in an essay published online the
brother Kevin Tillman who was in the same army ranger unit as pat Tillman
a corporal was killed on april 22 2004 by so-called friendly fire under
circumstances that the Pentagon continues to investigate
sharply criticized american political leadership and called the war an illegal
invasion you know i would say to him i have no life no i would say
absolutely correct both somehow the more soldiers that died the more legitimacy
illegal invasion becomes tillman wrote me six hundred sixty word essay that was
posted last week on truth they've got come a web magazine offering news in
opinion from a progressive point of view some i must determine that american
leadership was only credit is lying to its people and legally invading a nation
has been allowed to steal the courage virtue and honor of its soldiers on the ground
in what our apparently is most expansive public remarks since the death of his brother at the
age of twenty seven he also doesn't squarely murk in public which is suggest to
offer relies on superficial gestures to support the troops instead of holding
politicians accountable you know what it always is if you don't support the war
you don't support our troops i mean what kind of a moron if you got to be
to buy into that crap somehow back at home support for the soldiers man having a
five-year-old kindergartener scribble a picture with crayons and set it
overseas or slapping stickers on cars or lobbying congress for an extra pad in
a helmet he wrote mr. Tillman and with his
existence at the elections on November 7th are an opportunity for people opposed to the war
to send a message remember joey saza was sending a message
luckily this country is still democracy wrote people still have a voice
people can still take action and can start after past birthday November 6 how do you like that
my birthday is November 5 and past birthday was November 6 that's something we deal that's
something despite pat Tillman's fame in the outpouring of emotion after his death the Tillman
family has generally kept a distance from anti-war protesters though they've often spoken
of their efforts to find the truth about what really happened family members didn't answer
messages for comment on kevin tillman's posting a spokeswoman for the pat Tillman foundation
sanves a california where the tillmans grew upset it's our understanding that kevin tillman
is not accepting interview requests pat Tillman's safety for the Arizona Cardinals left the team
in the spring of 2002 to join the army along with kevin motivated and part by the nine-level
of the tax and eventually training as a ranger after a stint and a ractive others were sent to
Afghanistan pat Tillman died the army eventually concluded after members of his own unit shot
him as they searched for enemy fighters in a candy in the southeastern afghanistan
an afghan soldier fighting next to him also died kevin tillman's essay was posted this
Pentagon investigation is closed in on the latest several investigations in the case and
next up the army has suggested that enemy fire at field pads tillman later the army
considered that his comrades had shot him that so-called friendly fire hey friend
there was a nancy grace always says many friends under pressure from the family members of
congress the inspector general of the defense department the army criminal investigation
command are examining the actions of members of mr. Tillman's unit and the initial investigation
Daniel Cohen spokesman for representative michael honda california democrat from san
Jose who pushed for the investigations said Pentagon representative said a month ago they
expected to complete their work by the end of november or early december a spokesman for the
Pentagon said money investigations were continuing he declined to comment on kevin tillman's essay
Robert sheer one of our favorite syndicated commas in the truth digs said he had written about
the case had spoken to family members in the past kevin tillman's article was not solicited sheer
said in the side the great he and the the side agreed tillman's conditions for posting it the
conditions were it be posted unchanged aside from grammatical editing including the headline he
had written after pads birthday mr. sheer said tillman made a known that after leaving the
military last year he felt now is the time to speak out with his brothers birthday approaching
Pat tillman also expressed anger about the word of friends several published reports have said
he's not proselytizing he's not a political surgeon sheer a person's sheer said of kevin tillman
he just decided because his birthday was coming up he felt strongly he had to say something
since the article went up on the website it's received more than 4,000 responses the web server
limits of prohibited publishing that many sheer said 3000 dead soldiers pretty close to a 2800
plus based on a lie if that's not an impeachable offense what that could have been like getting a
few bj's some silly facts about maybe stealing some pizza from spider man all for me never do it
make one offering can't refuse well actually show you all you delivery kids out there don't be
leaving like a whole bunch of pizzas and some of these stupid out without any unlike the
the seventh floor hmm guy looked like he was about to just jump into that slice didn't he just
about to take a bite and all of a sudden what a wicked web we leave when we practice to the sea
you know he's not what moe used to say something like that now evil evil doer 1457 votes out of
the pool man this is spectacular what do Americans do better than anyone else in the world thanks to
ever sent that pool in yesterday because every obviously they like this pool right
in fact you know what I forgot I never put I hate this pool on there oh see you better put it
on there right now we will but here I'm all optimistic of the thing but they like this pool
that there's that certain element of out there they don't like anything we just they just hate
like that spend money on crap 427 stays stupid 250 then our reality 215 make war 127 kill 100
yeah chill people pollute 90 waste time 58 movies 56 screw 46 that would that be that would be
good station screw 46 I'd like to party slice get intoxicated 27 lie 23 medicine 20 and drive
badly so 90 dh dh so tons of dh she can quite the banana well at least we learned something
yesterday we learned that the word for a banana and Italian's banana sure and I still oh I hate
this pool is on there now we have 1461 I slow work once you've cited about this business like
make the hair on your back your neck like well do something I don't know what the heck any
that would stand out oh I got her in the back of my neck in fact I just did my shave job last night
whatever a user I told you about just today a shave job I'm an expert at it now and of course
now that it's coated in a hell probably not all the smartest thing but as long as you got your
tuk you're okay you ever have a tuk yeah not a toke a tuk both oh that was the tuk the really
flat kind like you know it folds up flat we mean it fools up flat well mostly like your typical
round hats a tuk has a seam down the middle of it and so when you take it off just kind of flattened
yeah that's right yeah and yes I had a tuk it's a smart a man you got a tuk you have very
cancer and they can't be in Canada without a tuk the trait or some back bacon or some p-meal bacon
1256 and 560 wqm I've been doing business with our friends at loopback road Chevrolet for over 20
years and I hope you'll start doing it right now if you ever bought a car they'd be for because they
make it a great experience a car buying deal they make it a real mahaya their service their sales
people are selection cars are unbeatable and their prices are beyond belief that's how low they are
right now and speaking of right now loopback road is doing their race to a thousand for the first
time in their history they would like to sell a thousand cars in one month and they got a shot
of doing it in this month October and they're going to do it they've got the biggest selection
to do and use cars including those fabulous new corvette trucks SUVs and minivans anywhere around
they've also got used cars starting at just 3995 every single one of them back by a car fax year
until you two like I said loopback road is out to sell a thousand cars during this month of
October and so they're staying open till midnight every night to get to that number forget the price
just make them an offer they'll be the any deal you ever heard of in your life more money for
your trade they give you 0% financing rebates up to six grand whatever it takes they'll do it to
sell you a car only a loopback road Chevy with two great locations for it and pop it
obese a quarter mile west of mind 95 and a coke on a creek on 441 just out of these so-or-grass
expressway don't forget loopback roads stand open till midnight every night so if you want an
unbeatable deal you still have a few days left this month get over to loopback road right now for
the best day on Chevy you'll ever see in your life check out their website loopback road bachrodt
loopback road dot com
come on a spot then off since fear is neither has one Natasha and I know
you know
i can't take it out of the way that she wants to see me
you know that we made it was shaking my feet and we made it by light
i left the people away but they should have used my blade about the way that she wanted to
get over one day it wouldn't have been a road they can't have you ever come out
just on the other side they can't prove how they would have
oh you had to chill here this month
s never knows one day i was learning by the cigarette
was always in my gunman job
being on a минимus normal
Wow.
Boy, you got a little bush mustard and a little bit of Rita.
Oh boy.
This is the hour you can start here and read it all over the place.
It puts a real smile on my post.
Faced with widespread disapproval of its arach policy, the Bush administration has launched
a coordinated effort this week, given it's Americans that has never had a state-of-course
strategy in Iraq.
On Sunday Bush said, we've never been state-of-course.
White House Councillor Dan Bartlett disavowed a label again yesterday.
But in a radio interview with Sean Hannity yesterday, the French secretary of Rumsfeld confirmed
the Bush administration is not planning to shift any strategy.
Rumsfeld called me to reports about Bush's reversal nonsense instead of course Bush
is not backing away from staying macourse.
He said the current concern was that it gave opponents the chance to say, well, he's
not willing to make adjustments and of course just the opposite is true.
Well, what I just planted some antics, man, they're back into a corner and so they're just
to play in symmetrical games, okay?
Is that a surprise?
No, she...no.
1474 votes, I think by the bottom they are, we'll have 1500.
After that it'll be all gravy.
We'll be slopping the gravy on there.
What that'd be great?
Yeah, it makes a sound.
Man, this ought to...
I'll tell you one thing about this audience, you know, and what have I always tried to tell
you over the ears, don't judge the audience by the callers.
Oh, no.
On the show now, when I'm on, you can't judge the audience by the callers because there aren't
any.
Right.
But in years past people would say, oh, gee, what kind of people listen to that show?
And then you hear some...
We always said that there were certain day parts when the only people listening were, in
fact when the fan went on, remember that?
Mm-hmm.
The only people they had listening were inside our building.
That's right.
And I wouldn't be surprised if people listened to the ticket right now are inside our building,
only half.
Especially in the day when we're not talking about sports and moaning about the dolphins,
what are we going to do?
They stink.
Oh, gee.
And the teens and all this embarrassment and the panties go all tending really sucks and all
of the...
First, you just reach a saturation point, you know what I mean?
Do I have to say?
This comes up point in your life where hopefully...
What do I do?
See, there you go.
Oh, my God.
And that's scary.
Yeah, scared me.
1477.
I bet you any minute now we're going to get to that 1500 mark in the audience out there.
They're probably having like an orgy.
The whole town is like going to explode any second.
1478 now.
They're coming in by the pouring in by the ones.
Aren't you thrilled?
Yeah, thrilled.
Maybe they'll drag it out.
Automated calls from political campaigns across America are generating controversy reports
National Journal's technology daily.
But the Robocalls have not exactly provided some candidates in close races with the kind
of attention they need heading in November writes Michael Martinez.
Well, Michael Martinez, another guy's name ends in Z.
Although their classification has political speech exempts them from the National Do Not Call
Registry against the amount of telemarketing, Robocalls have generated bad publicity for some
of the campaigns that have used them.
The article uses the example of Democrat Larry Grant challenging Republican Bill Sally for
the open Idaho First District seat.
Bill says, don't call me Sally.
Earlier this fall, complaints about automated calls swirled among potential voters who are
receiving information about grant by phone rights Martinez, whose name ends in Z.
Some of the complaints were directed to Grant's office.
Grant's campaign did not make the calls, though.
The National Republican congressional committee has assumed responsibility for the Robocalls
calling operation to move that the grant campaign called a desperation measure by the
GOP.
Robocalls is ruffling feathers and other races to this past week complaint surfaced in Michigan
about automatic calls of a critical governor Jennifer Granholm who is in attack race with
their Republican challenger Dictivos.
The calls contain slightly vulgar language that some will receive them found offensive.
Maybe they said crap.
You don't know crap.
Campaign laws in Michigan don't require the centers of Robocalls to identify themselves.
A group calling itself Michigan working families took responsibility for the messages
at the end of the recordings.
The Michigan Republic Party has of course denied any involvement.
Automated calls have also been used to raise awareness about ballot initiatives.
Senator Rieswiller-Rick Clinton recently left her voice to calls in California against
a proposal to require minor seeking abortions and verify their parents are getting waivers
from a judge.
You getting any Robocalls?
No, of course we don't answer our home phone anymore.
Oh, there is a quasi-moto.
The soon to be former speaker of the house.
1486.
What was that a spectacular year?
Don't remember it.
That's you that Christopher Columbus was stuffing around looking for the Queen.
Hold where you 12.
Yeah.
I got news for it.
I was able to find a Queen faster than he was.
I heard.
1486.
We're going to get to that 15-hundred like I said before the bottom of the yard and after
that man we'll just pile it on.
You know, just run up the score.
Just stick it right down there.
There are strokes.
Baker signals, USXs from Iraq.
We care about that now.
Here's what we care about.
You were talking about this this morning.
That's for the show about the Republicans won Hillary badly.
Oh, yeah.
People out there that think Hillary is the, uh, she's going to be the one in 08.
You better start thinking again.
Okay.
Because 08 you won't be so great.
Here's the kiss of death.
Vice President Dick Cheney said yesterday he thinks Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton could
win the presidency.
He said Barack Obama might be viewed by voters as too inexperienced.
Cheney, handy-canned, but democratic field of potential candidates.
Interview with conservative talk show host the anxious, the repulsive Sean Hannity.
I think Hillary Clinton is a formidable candidate.
Cheney said this, of course, is the same man who said that the insurgency in Iraq was
in its waning days.
He would never lie to us.
I think she could win.
I hope she doesn't.
I disagree with her on early all the issues, but nobody showed up there to underestimate
her.
She's a very serious candidate for president says Dick.
Cheney said Obama and Illinois Democrat was an attractive guy.
Don't know him well.
I met him a few times.
I think at this stage my initial take on him was he's been two years as a senator.
I think people want one little more experience than that, given the nature of the times we
live in.
But certainly he's an attractive candidate.
If he decides to run, he'll be a player on the Democratic side.
I never thought he was very attractive.
He's got big ears.
Obama said someday he's considering a run for president in 2008, backing off previous
statements that he wouldn't do so.
He left the door open.
He looked a little crack.
As for himself, Cheney said he wouldn't budge from his office state decision.
He will not run for president.
It's firm, final, fixed, irrevocable.
The vice president said, I don't know how else I can say it.
If nominated, I will not run.
If elected, I will not serve.
Fat chance.
You lie and sack a crap.
Cheney also said he was optimistic about Republican hopes in the November 7 elections.
I think we'll hold the House and the Senate.
He said, see they always quote the like voice said the same thing.
What are they expected to say?
From the doubt that meanwhile, Tom Magazine reports that David Van Dostodder says he won't
try to win the boy back.
Tom now for a check of the forecast and BP weather post meteorologist, Christian Cornett.
He said it's just happening and you just can't believe it.
Surreal doesn't even come close to describing it.
It's like at the jokes by watching a Saturday night life sketch.
It's so far beyond anything that you can even comprehend the fact that she is actually
on the air there.
A person who cannot speak is a broadcaster.
It would be like somebody who's had their vocal cords surgically removed.
Well, let's put you on to do the six o'clock mood.
You know that might explain that sound.
What's that?
Her sound.
I think she's had a vocal cord surgically removed.
Maybe just a little scratch.
That's grissing.
Come on.
Let's give it some good news.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
And the fact that there actually are people who watch it and take it seriously.
No.
This is even more distressing.
Oh yeah.
Somebody was fact-shut in Housewide.
That I do not believe.
I'd say they love her.
Of course, I guess they got her side of a contract so they got a pair.
So they figured they'll stick her ass on her somewhere.
Plus, she saw attractive.
Yeah.
She must have the pictures.
1495.
Wow.
Plus tax.
When we come back after this break, we're going to have over 1,500 votes.
And they're going to be, if you would open up the door downstairs and run across the street
out just in the middle of Ives-Derry and the middle of 441, you're going to hear screaming
and hysteria going on.
When we get to 1,500 votes.
Because they think they're making inroads here in midday.
And now, of course, the other, that new station, which, you know, that's one of the most mysterious
things if you look on that website.
It's kind of like they don't know what they're going to get on here.
The biggest name, the best talent for this is Neil Ryan.
Nice going, Neil Ryan.
It's going to be 20560, UAM.
Thank you, baby.
The father of a 1-year-old Malaria and a boy.
1506 votes.
I'm Adonna.
So he's happy his son is escaping poverty.
Local officials say the top star pants to adopt a child while she is in the country visiting
a project that she funds for aid building us.
But it's just so the star and I have some guy which she asked to adopt David Bander.
Maybe they have been confusion with the name Donna.
Donna is colloquial for rich women and Madonna is star.
I've still got things I want to do.
Things I want to say.
You know, people want to hear it and that's great.
When you look at the other night, the material girl, she wants a kid who's from another nation.
I've always felt that my kids are around the world.
They might just be other days, shopping for a kid and spending money like a vacation.
It doesn't pay that one of the world's richest superstars has adopted a 13 month old boy.
I think they've been allowed in auto play.
Little babies and my wife, they know I'm crazy.
I've got the boy down in Africa.
Right to the right because the top things are special things.
This could be just another one of the stupid publicity stunts that she's famous for.
I'm 18 and 560.
I've got Curtis for the mad dog or two.
The power hour with Hank Solo.
He's going to be doing it by himself at Vorms.
He's got plenty of practice.
5 to 630.
It's the rest of the Hank Goldberg show.
Panther, previous 630 to 7th thought by the Panthers at the Rangers at 7 o'clock.
It looks really old and pretty sure it's about 90.
Good guy though, he looks old.
The co-founders of Air America Radio have formed a new Liberal Talk Radio Network.
Just what we needed man.
Maybe the promises that promises to promote freedom and social justice.
That's according to the new company CEO Mike Nukem, who said,
by the way, you'll be pleased to know that not only will we have 59 or 6 votes, I've got my shoes on.
Mike Nukem says, Nova M Radio, a Phoenix Space Network formed by Air America co-founders,
and he then showed them drop me.
We'll make it to his broadcast October 30th.
Shortly before Air America filed for bankruptcy earlier this month,
Nukem said he and the drop needs made a proposal to take a controlling interest in Skirra America,
but the offer was declined two weeks before the company's reorganization petition was filed.
Nukem said the new network has a competitor to Air America,
and that the drop needs invested in Nova M Radio because they believed in the business model of Liberal Talk Radio
and wanted it to continue to grow.
The drop needs in Nukem are the principal investors in Nova M Radio and plan to seek additional investors
with strong management and good financial controls.
We believe this is a very viable business, and we plan to demonstrate this such said Nukem,
a position made non-successful bid for Arizona Governor in 2002.
The new network will include shows by host Mike Maloy and Peter B Collins.
Oh, man, who are they?
The Verta.
And a non-partisan program by poster John Zagby.
Nukem will previously head a show on Phoenix Area Radio.
We'll also host a show.
Joe Tripi, you up to run Howard David.
I mean Howard Dean's Internet Fuel Presidential Campaign in 2004.
We'll also serve as a media communications consultant for the network.
Nova M Radio is leasing and running KPHX AM Radio in Phoenix and KDXC AM in Ludovoc, Arkansas,
and has commitments from other station to run its programming.
The network also intends to lease or buy other station's Nukem said,
oh my god, how do you like that?
Yeah.
Another Liberal Network, a fan of network, they're in Phoenix, they're in Ludovoc,
they're in Syracuse, I have a stand maybe.
Yeah.
Canada, they will set the world on fire.
East McKee's port.
Man, if I look at the gigantic wave of Liberal Talk, just flooding the airways.
What a joke.
Wow!
Yes, speaking of that.
All breaking news, they're sending to Barbara Boxer of California.
What's she talking about?
In terms of 2700 plus Americans headed to her 2800 if we haven't already passed it,
plus 20,000 and more severely damaged and injured.
Enough is enough.
Tell us how we're going to get out of Iraq and do it in a way with the Iraqi field.
Yes, we have made the sacrifice.
The headline on their President Bush, Marx Democrats were dancing in the end zone.
Huh, sounds like a racial thing to me.
Fish is still not a healthy choice.
And this is from the Providence Journal.
Have you eaten fish?
Sometimes.
Ooh, what about you, guys?
You're a fish guy?
Oh yeah.
Like trout?
Well, ocean fish mostly.
I'm going to keep the trout my time.
Lots of mercury.
It's a whopper of a fish during, and unfortunately it says here some consumers are swallowing it.
Hookline and sinker.
For years of fishing industry has worked overtime to persuade Americans to ignore well-founded concerns
about mercury and other pollutants in fish.
Now the industry is having a new report commissioned by the National Oceanic and Administrator Administration
has more evidence that fish is a healthy food.
But as a physician and nutritionist, we are deeply skeptical of the industry's spin campaign.
This is written by Hope Pradozian and the public health specialist for the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine
and Susan Levin who's a PCR and Nutritionist.
It says heart disease can be worded off by wise food selections, but fish is not an optimal choice.
High levels of methyl mercury, organoclorines, polychlorinated PCBs, and other environmental toxins accumulate in fish.
These toxins are known to affect nervous system development, the immune system, heart health, bone integrity, and pregnancy outcomes.
All of these things.
All of these things.
Even those who endorse fish consumption readily admit that contamination is a pervasive problem, the NOAA Commission report for example contains a complicated flow chart
noting that contaminants and seafood vary according to local conditions.
In truth, fish consumption is already Americans' primary source of exposure to mercury, a potent neurotoxin that can arm developing fetuses.
Some of the most polluted species such as albacore tuna are also among the most popular with consumers.
Some of the most polluted species such as albacore tuna.
To get that, I got it. No more tuna.
The risk are especially acute for certain populations.
A new study links fish consumption among pregnant women who increased risk of premature birth.
The pregnancy outcomes and community health study conducted by researchers at Harvard and Michigan State showed that mercury levels in maternal hair were higher when fish consumption was increased.
Women who delivered, I think some of these people don't know mercury from the Uranus.
Women who delivered pre-term were three times likely to have had mercury levels in their hair at or above the 90th percentile compared with those who delivered that term.
Proponents to defend fish consumption is a bone to cardiovascular health.
That's because some species contain omega-3 fatty acids which may help guard against heart disease.
But fish are also surprisingly high in cholesterol and are to be clogging censorated fat which accounts for 15 to 30 percent.
But third man! A fish fat.
Tenoxamin, for example, derives 55 percent of its calories from fat.
Don't be a schnok and eat tenox.
And some species are higher in cholesterol than steak.
Only part of the fat in fish is omega-3. Much of the remaining fat is censorated.
Maybe that's a good idea to take those omega-369 vitamins like I do every morning and have for years.
Maybe that's why I'm still alive.
Maybe?
That raises an important question. It says why not avoid fish and obtain omega-3 fats from walnuts or other healthy plant sources which have no cholesterol or methyl mercury.
In fact, the new study in the American Journal of Cardiology shows that adding walnuts to a high fat meal reduces negative changes in arteries.
Walnuts. Walnuts and Creasty last-city inflexibility of the arteries by 24 percent for those with high cholesterol.
Walnuts. I like walnuts.
I like cashews better.
Me too.
It would also be prudent to consider that there may be no significant benefit of consuming a diet high in omega-3s.
A recent review in the British Medical Journal found that no evidence to support the assertion that eating oily fish improves heart health.
In fact, the review found the consumption of omega-3 fats does not have a clear effect on heart health or survival.
But there's a well-supported way to guard against heart disease, avoid animal products.
Uh-oh. You know what this sounds like to me? Sounds like...
Peta.
Uh-oh.
A 2003 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association showed that vegetarian diets lower cholesterol levels almost as powerfully as cholesterol lowering drugs, those awful statin drugs, which I won't take by the way.
People who consume plant-based diets tend to be slimmer than meat eaters, and they experience lower rates of heart disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, and other life threat and condition linked to avoid obesity.
Have a bunch of kale, man. Sit down, eat some seaweed.
It says, no surprise the fishing industry wants to sell Americans more fish, but savvy consumers will think twice before taking the bait.
Don't get hooked on the Chinook, okay?
Okay. Or you'll be dying over there.
I just... I can't even stand a small fish.
Oh. Oh, like those outdoor markets I've talked about this as it is in time.
Yeah. Well, that's supposed to smell like that.
Well, what do you mean by that?
Well, it's supposed to smell like halibut.
Yeah, okay. That's the rocker roast.
Like a rose garden, like ardenias, like pansies.
Oh.
Not just like pansies.
Oh.
Have a wedding November 18th, and...
Well, Tomcats is having a wedding. Oh, it's quite a banan. That's what I'm sending them.
I'm sending them 50 bananas.
Oh, Tomcats, wedding, my ass. Oh, who is?
I hadn't confirmed it.
In the OCD sort of majestic wedding.
Yeah. Like, one more is a very, very beautiful area.
Towards your harmonies, designing her gown for her fake marriage to Tom.
What are what his boyfriend thinks about that?
Anyway, let me tell you right now if your carpets are schmoosey and believe you me,
they are because you're walking on them, your dogs are doing all kinds of things on them,
and your cats and all kinds of things are slithering around in there that you can't see.
Gets your carpets clean just like brand new with my friends from dry concepts.
I've been using them for over 21 years.
They never let you down. They do a fantastic job.
They dry clean your carpets, which means they suck out even the deep-down dirt
in the five-year carpets, which makes them stay cleaner longer, last longer,
and look and smell just like brand new, lemony fresh.
And they're drying a couple of hours, too, so it's not about those deals
where your carpets are soggy all day and you have to wait days for them to dry.
You can't beat it.
And don't forget, dry concepts is also about a plan to make frequent cleaning easy.
It's just a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning, and speaking of cost,
they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start their fabulous job, too.
You'll never have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts in Broward column at 954,
3707778. Tell me that old troll Neil, tourney to call.
The old man. 954, 3707778.
And Dayton Palm Beach column tool free, 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 for dry concepts.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Neil Rogers, 4-Tradio 560.
The goal goal.
Neil Gibson surrounded by questions about alcohol and anger,
but also questions about anti-symmetism and the words that incited outrage after an explosive public drama.
We interview Neil Gibson at his office.
Can you back to that moment as you remember it?
Okay.
Were you drinking from the open bottle of tequila in the car?
Yes. I had a couple of slugs here.
Do you know how many?
Twenty.
I read to him the officer's account or the words he used that night.
Explosive Jews.
And the Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world.
Yeah.
I do not believe tequila can turn an unbiased person into a raging anti-symmet.
Look, let me be real clear here in sobriety sitting here in front of you national television.
That I believe that Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world.
He's still blaming the Jews.
Absolutely.
I hate you and I want you to die.
Coming out.
Couple of drinks.
What was the matter?
Alcohol.
Oh yeah.
I have to get loaded again.
Fifty-twenty-eight at five sixty WQM.
That's our total on the pool, man.
We are pretty... aren't we mighty proud of that?
I think I might just take the rest of the week off.
Just celebrate that.
What do you think?
I read.
Rest of the year off.
Don't do it.
Former UN Chief weapons inspector Hans Wicks.
Today described the US-led invasion of Iraq as a pure failure.
Then it left the country worse off than under the dictatorial rule of Saddam Hussein.
There's not a lot of us have been saying, huh?
Yeah.
Hans.
In unusually harsh comments to Danish newspaper Politiken, the Democratic suite, the diplomatic suite,
said the US government ended up in a situation in which neither staying nor leading Iraq were good options.
Iraq is a pure failure of blitzwitz quota to saying that Hans Wicks.
If the Americans pull out, there's a risk that they'll leave the country in civil war.
At the same time, it doesn't seem that the US can help stabilize the situation by staying there.
World-related violence in Iraq has grown worse with dozens of it, ins government officials and police,
and security forces being killed every day.
The highest monthly total of American soldiers in October and amongst the last week to go.
Wicks said the situation would have been better off if the war had not taken place.
Saddam would still have been sitting in office.
Okay, that's a negative.
And it would not have been an adjuuffle for the Iraqi people.
But what we've gotten to is undoubtedly worse, he was quoted as saying.
Wicks led the UN inspectors at search for those weapons of mass destruction in Iraq before the US-led invasion in 2003.
He came under heavy fire from Washington when he urged US President Bush to allow the weapons inspectors
and then IAEA to continue their work as a way to stay off the war.
Ultimately, the US-led coalition invaded Iraq and how many weapons of destruction were found.
You go, Hans. You go, boy.
American public focus on those issues versus Iraq.
Well, Rita, I think.
Oh, brother. It is scary.
Yeah.
You know that the world must be coming to an end when you turn her when she's actually on TV,
on the satellite all over the world.
It's got to be that the end days must be coming very close.
What are the signs that's in the Bible?
Revolution.
Yeah. Her picture's in there.
A major rapper to throw Latinos and blacks into the Republican Party,
a central element of the GOP plan to build a long lasting majority is in danger of collapse
amid anger over the immigration debate and claims that Republican leaders have not delivered on promises
to direct more money to church-based social services.
President Bush's radicals, Carl Rove and other top Republican leaders,
have wooed Latino and black leaders.
Many of them evangelical clergy who lead large congregations in hopes of peeling away
the traditional democratic base.
They want all the Getskis.
It's not good enough for them.
They got the Anglo-Getskis.
They want all the other Getskis too.
But now some of the leaders who help Bush win in 2004 are revisiting their loyalty.
The Republican Party in some cases abandoning it.
There is a fisher, and I doubt it will be closed in this election,
said the Reverend Lewis Cortez Jr., Louise.
A Republican who founded the annual National Hispanic Prayer Breakfast
that is featured Bush every year since 2002.
It's filled with all the based Espodans at USA,
both the National Affiliate Network, and more than 10,000 churches.
The Latino backlashes were so intense that one prominent typically pro-Republican organization,
the Latino Coalition, has endorsed Democrats and competitive evolutions this year,
and Tennessee Nebraska and New Jersey.
The Coalition is chaired by Hector Baratto,
the former administrator of the SBA, the small business administration under Bush.
Its president is a former strategist for the Republican National Committee.
The disaffection comes as Republicans face a challenge in building enthusiasm
for the upcoming election among white evangelicals and other conservators
who have been the core of the GOP's losses in the November 7th congressional election,
and may undercut the party's goal of keeping the presidency in 2008.
The Latino Coalition, for example, is endorsed a presumed Democratic presidential firmrunner,
a swillery in her reelection bid this year.
Complaints among black pastors have been courted by the White House,
while less pronounced than those of Latino leaders,
have been fueled by that tell-all book by former White House, David Cuo.
The book says that Bush referring to pastors from one major African-American denomination,
once gripped money.
All these guys care about his money, they want money.
The White House spokesman said Friday that nobody there recalled every hearing such a comment from the president.
The Reverend Eugene River is a Boston Pentecostal minister,
and one of about two hasn't black clergy invited with series of White House meetings with Bush,
said Friday that black leaders have been wooed with assurances that their social service groups
have received money from the president's faith-based initiative.
But River said the bulk of the money had gone to white organizations
leaving black churches on the sidelines, while the Democrats were dancing in the end zone.
I see.
Dancing in the end zone.
Yeah, yeah. Wow. What the hell does that mean?
Mom, we have the storytelling popcorn for a troop fundraiser.
When the man grabs the boys' money and ran off,
the community is helping Brennan recoup his losses through donations.
How terrible.
Oh, how terrible. You tell them honey.
What a joke.
And you wonder why most of the American people are like,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Of course, thank goodness most of the American people are watching this bitch.
1,531 votes on a plane.
We should have gone for 16.
It's pretty easy to say now.
You know, you said a goal, and then you're like way beyond it.
And you're like, oh, we shouldn't have just gone to settle for 15.
We should have gone for 16.
But we better not play that.
15, why?
We can't play anything anymore.
We apologize again for the fact that we can't play anything that might be
even slightly amusing or sexual related or having to do with organs or whatever.
Even if it's a war we can play this.
You know, we can play that a lot.
In fact, we can play a ****.
Yeah. Let's do the shoulder horse code.
In fact, you know what?
Let's get right down there.
Let's have a unhappy family, you know.
Let's see if we can't just give those fractions like some of the other day parts of God now.
How about them dolphins?
No, I'm not talking about them.
Let's, let's for the red, the fall book for this ****.
Let's play that all day.
I think we can get it down to a point nine.
And when I want, once in a while, we'll throw it into a,
I don't know what it was.
Kind of like,
15, 31, what two Americans do better than anyone else in the world?
Spend money on crap, 449.
Although you'll be amazed to know that Americans are exporting crap
and a very, very rapid rate.
Any crap you can get in America, you go anywhere in the world.
Oh, there's someone at American crap.
Stay stupid, 268.
Deny reality, 222.
Make war 130.
Kill 111.
Kill people.
Palut 95.
Waste time 60.
Movies 57.
Screw 47.
You'll end out.
Party slash getting intoxicated 32.
Lie 24.
Medicine 21.
Thrive badly 10.
And I hate this pool.
Only five.
Now realize we just put that on there.
But that is a shock, isn't it?
Yeah, we're all, all the haters already voted.
Now seriously, only 5.3% on 1534 votes.
Which means when we're really making some serious inroads,
the only audience is making a big comeback.
Wait till that August disappears for them.
Remember last year they had that one month, I think it was April of 2005.
When they had that big 18 to 34, they had a few wire diaries or some crap.
Oh, that's going to be our demo.
We're going to kick in and then all of a sudden, you know, that disappeared.
So we may not have much of a story here 20 hours a day.
Let me tell you that.
That's an understanding.
But they got the, once that August dropped something, got no story, no day.
No way.
I like that one.
Oh, my fingers.
And for 20 or 5.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up dirt.
Co-beam.
Whitefin drew from his chin.
Doing heroin.
Co-beam.
Nirvana was hot.
And now it's Kurt.
They ain't got.
Co-beam.
He got hot, said goodbye, then he died.
Co-beam.
Made a million and our never took a shower.
Co-beam.
He's a number one hit in heaven, big match pit.
Co-beam.
He'll need help us to king and say grunge with my fame.
Co-beam.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's ways out.
Co-beam.
He got hot, said goodbye, then he died.
Co-beam.
I just had a brilliant idea for a great new format.
W-D-E-D, all dead artists.
Excellent.
Dead radio.
Well, we can relate to that some parts of somebody parts.
Yeah.
The dead air show.
1542 votes on a pool.
Man, it is overpowering.
It is impressive.
I'm going to put like a little note in my shoe.
1542 rhymes with shoe and shoe.
Look at my shoes on.
I already told you that.
Convenience to your operator.
711 Inc. is telling franchises to pull a high-cap fingering from
its shelves because of the products name.
That's why I just played that in case you haven't figured that out.
I can't.
You can't be drinking no cocaine.
All I thought things went better with coke.
You just stirred in there?
The company acted after getting complaints from parents of teens who are a big part of the
drink target audience.
Our merchandising team believes the product's name promotes an image which we don't want to be associated with.
Said Margaret Chevriss, a spokeswoman for 711.
Chevriss.
We're just playing bris.
Cocaine comes in red cans with the name Spodan and what are meant to resemble lines of white powder.
According to the label, each 8.4 fluid ounce can contain 280 milligrams of caffeine.
More drult at a cup of coffee, a can of Coca-Cola, or a lady energy drink, red bull, but no cocaine of course.
The drink is made by Redox beverages in Las Vegas with markets that is the legal alternative.
Hanna Kirby, the company's managing partner, said 711 stores didn't account for many sales of the drink.
It hits shelves in New York and California in August and is now available in more than a half a dozen states,
mostly in modern pop convenience and liquor stores.
Get a liquor to up and then drink a little cocaine.
This isn't the first time cocaine has been yanked.
Some stores in New York area pulled the drink after local politicians complained.
It's all part of the company's plan to stand out in the fast growing energy drink market.
We knew the name was going to be provocative, said Kirby, who has been James created the drink.
Kirby said the company wasn't glorifying an illegal drug in the eyes of its young customers.
Kids understand the difference between a controlled substance and an energy drink, she said.
Chagras, the 711 spokeswoman said that Alice Bay's chain is recommending that franchisees not stock the drink.
Chagras said a vendor that isn't recommended by 711 dropped the product off to some stores in Northern California.
She said she didn't know how many stores carried it.
711 stores sell other energy drinks, which nutritionists warn can cause caffeine and sugar highs,
followed by crashing low as among kids who consume them.
Sometimes, several in a row.
Researchers in Chicago reported this month they saw a surprising behind-number of cases of caffeine abuse over the past three years,
including 12% that required hospital treatment.
The average age of the victim was 21.
They're old being on caffeine, baby. Maybe they're starbucking it, you think?
That's possible.
Because if you start starbucking, then you do after that.
Right?
Right, it's starbucking.
What?
Shucking?
Yeah, and driving.
An ongoing satellite radio study from bridge ratings says that while sales of satellite radios have been slow,
in-store foot traffic for satellite radio is actually picked up.
Or isn't today the day that what day was it?
I didn't know talking about that.
Sorry, thank you.
I don't care.
The sector's true trade, retail sales, TRS, continue to be sluggish.
The retail activity for Raxon this week show hints of recovery, but not at the expense of serious.
Bridge also said that in interviews that are conducted at retail locations,
renewals among current satellite subscribers continue to reside just under 50%
while Howard Stern motivated sales remain stagnant.
Oh, stagnant, that could be why they're doing a 2-wood APR thing, is it?
However, current consumer attitudes about satellite radio are significantly improved
over the pre-honey-shopping working 2005.
If these attitudes could turn into wax, they'll behave you over the next six weeks.
The satellite radio industry may be able to improve on the years disappointing growth curve.
If this does not happen, the holiday shopping season may not be enough to generate sales comparable last year.
Third quarter results now show the satellite radio industry just over 12 million subscribers has breached.
So its original forecast of 1.2 million fourth quarter subscribers may be trimmed
if holiday marketing efforts are more sluggish than 2005.
Based on the third quarter, bridge ratings also has reduced its yearly projections for satellite radio.
Now estimates that XM will end here with 7.7 million subscribers and serious with 5.9 million.
Bridge also has to maintain its original industry projections will increase in total 2006 satellite subscriptions of 6 million
will not be closer to 4.5 million.
With serious maintaining a 60% share this year with 2.7 million new subscribers compared to XM's 1.7,
by years end satellite radio is 13.5 million subscribers will represent approximately 4.5% of the US population, pretty slim.
NeroCasting.
That's what a narrow casting like doing sports talk.
I'm talking about baseball cards 20 hours a day.
You know we're like talking about coin collecting, new mathematics.
How about the collectible station?
Wouldn't that be great?
Ooh!
We could have Mr. Ego on with Norma Kent and they can talk about baseball cards.
Sure.
I like to talk about collecting stamps as a kid.
A hot bottle cap?
Maggyar, what was it?
Maggyar, the hungry?
Maggyar something.
Huh?
And Poland, Potska, Polska.
We'll see when you have the stamps from all those foreign countries man, you got a little,
got to speak a little like, Qin Kwan Tebanani, like that.
Seriously, if I ever see those people there again, I'm gonna yell out,
I'm gonna yell out, I'm gonna yell out, I'm gonna yell out, I'm gonna yell out right now.
Like Boba Blacksheet or Boba Lou.
1551, we would have made this 16 if Joshua had just been a little more optimistic at the beginning of the show at the Gidgo.
I have been there, don't blame me.
I have been one, optimistic.
About what?
Let's hope it for a 1600 piece.
1600 piece?
Yeah.
We got your piece.
I'm ready to think of that, dead artist station.
Sure.
You got three out of four Beatles or dead.
Yeah.
And Ringo Sturmite as well be.
How can it be?
It's not supposed to show you there's no guide.
George Harrison is dead.
John Lennon, Paul McCart, what am I saying?
The two of the four are dead.
Right.
That was wishful thinking about Ringo.
Ringo's never stole a freight train.
Why are you still holding here?
Because he was ugly and schmutzied.
And couldn't and had no talent.
Okay.
What was his talent?
He was a great drummer.
Is that what you're saying?
So, we're ready to go.
We're ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
Okay, I'm so off of that.
Didn't Ringo remake that?
He ripped that off.
He ripped that off.
It's 16.
Didn't he do that?
He did that.
I was playing it at the background.
You just get here.
I was trying not to hear.
I don't want to hear no Ringo start.
So, Palmer Cardi is still alive.
How can you tell?
You don't look in.
Well, no thanks to Heather.
But yeah, he's still kicking it.
All of dead artists all the time.
What are these two guys at Dead?
Okay, that's good enough.
You know, like my four WDED, all of the death radio.
And the doors on there, Jim Morrison.
Yeah.
Pasty, patchy, climb.
You see, you know, one of my key and difference
whether it's like rock or C&W or just as long as they're dead.
That's when we put qualification.
Played a lot of two-pack?
Right.
Well, not too much.
How about a six-pack of rock?
Cocaine.
153QM, we shouldn't be talking like this because we got that young punk Curtis anyway.
We don't have the mad dog.
It was a real pervert.
We got Curtis coming up at two.
I guess mad dogs have vacation to rest the way, huh?
Maybe he went up to Michigan.
Not a good time to be doing it.
The biggest name of the best talent.
It's the real Roger Nests.
4th radio, 560QAM.
