How are you? Don't ask. What's the matter? It's a very long story which I don't know if you won't be here and you've got stuff to do there. You got to go and lose some money.
No, I'm not losing money today. Why not? Because I'm here working believe it or not. It's the middle of the week.
I've been in that chair. I've been in that since I was a kid. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that time. I've been in that chair. I've been in that time. I've been in that chair. I've been in that time. I've been in that chair. I've been in that time. I've been in that chair. I've been in that time. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've
been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been in that chair. I've been down to 50 years without afraid of anything of food. I've been lively. I've been dah does bad thing. I've beenätze, I've been bridegrooming my video for 30 years. That's my thing. I've been bedroom lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle. Earlier this week we're doing a slightly similar little occasionally we do a business, you know gameplay, you know the topic of coincidence weighty and you know analyze the��게요, how much taht it is how much it all weighed over fucking shit and what an effort to you know timeline blockin' the
video for what an effort to you know Phot teaspoon edition, rip its doe, it's not a very interesting canonical glitch. It is a model moving
I want to go, I'm not going anywhere.
But the fact of the matter is that we don't do a sports show.
And the rest of this time, I'm like an island.
This crossover that you and I have every morning for a few minutes,
this is the only relationship I have with the rest of the radio station.
Yesterday I worked, yeah, I don't want to say worth feverishly on a stupid red coat.
The only reason I did was because I wanted to jam it down the other guy's throat,
because they're obviously using that for a purpose.
And it's a purpose-driven thing to try to give the public appearance that they're really
either kicking our ass or they're like neck and neck.
And so when I finished it two o'clock, forget about the individual thing.
QAM versus 790.
We had 891 votes and they had 146.
You following that?
Yeah.
Now you know what it would be like if I was in a relay race,
which God forbid that, it's a thought of it as pretty sickening.
But in a relay race and I opened up a gigantic secretariat like lead,
only 10 times that much of a lead.
And then the next guy in a relay comes along, a hand in the baton,
and the next guy sits down on the ground.
Yeah, Beast told me.
He showed me what happened.
Yeah.
And so as the day went on, every couple of hours I come in here and I look at the
hero website, I'd see, our people are doing nothing.
And that's obviously because they weren't talking about it.
I mean, they didn't have to devote their whole shows about it.
But give me a little support.
My name is Anon here.
I got nothing to benefit from.
It's a little pride in where you work and the people that you work with
and try to goose them up a little bit, you know?
It's called a team game.
And our people have blinders on, man.
They don't know what it means to be a team game.
I don't exist.
Whatever happens between 10 and 2, man, might as well flush it down the toilet
as far as the sports nerds are concerned.
And it really pisses me off, big time.
But nevertheless, the fact that you're not in a poll in the first place.
Yeah.
I mean, I can say I'm trying to goose up my own number.
I'm not on there.
I don't do a sports show.
So I have a chance to be like the arbor trader here like a little more objective,
you know?
So it's a phony.
You know, what did you think was going to happen?
No, no, then you're missing the point.
You don't understand.
It wouldn't have happened had our people been been banging away at it.
And I knew there are people.
Would that's fine?
They're entitled to it.
They're a high deist.
They're set up.
But the fact of the matter is, and people can say, well, it's only a silly thing
in the correct code.
It's a blog.
It's in the newspaper.
And you know, as well as I do, when people read something in a newspaper,
90% of people, maybe 95% of people believe that it's true because they read it in the newspaper.
Well, that depends on what newspaper it is.
This is a psychological impression that boy, those guys are really, they're right up there
with QA.
In fact, they're kicking their ass.
You know, in fact, they're like, last time I looked at 38 votes ahead of us.
Yeah.
I mean, a period of hours went by and we had increased by like 25 votes and they were like
getting 300 more and 500 more and seven.
And I'm saying, I wanted to cry.
I wanted to say you're like an old woman and put my hand in my hands and get a, and just
cry.
What the hell, what was the effort for yesterday for for?
I mean, it was fun.
We had some fun with it and it was different.
And it wasn't, you know, the same old track this and track that and track, track, track
and me, I've been to, track to bend to go whatever that thing was.
God.
Well, we got, we got some really desperate people on this station who just, you know, I'm
just out of step, man.
I just, I'm in a different planet.
My concept of competing is totally different.
Maybe that's why I got numbers, you know, because I believe in competing.
I believe in taking somebody, taking the competition to wherever they might be and they're
not my competition.
I don't compete with them.
They don't have any number in midday.
But I believe in when you got them on a mat, you take, you put your hands around your
neck and your squeeze until they can't breathe anymore.
That's just the way you compete.
It's anytime a newspaper runs a poll, you're going to get a falling result.
I'm not sure what you can do about it either.
I mean, I know what you're trying to do.
But, you know, the bottom line is the polls, bogus.
I don't know about you.
Anything I heard.
I heard everything you said.
You know, you know, we know that the poll is bogus.
We know that it has an, a purpose to it and intent.
And the fact of the matter is I squashed that intent for four hours yesterday and the rest
of our people couldn't do the same thing.
We could be 2000 votes ahead of them right now.
But our people are too busy with the, and, and, and that's it.
And Jimmy and Danny and Dan, every now and then, and another, that.
You see, I, yeah, I think you're aware of it because you've been in this for a long
time.
We're not in the sports business.
We're in the entertainment business.
Right.
We're here to entertain the public.
We're here like it, like Howard Beale said in network, we're in the boredom killing business.
That's right.
Well, it's the truth.
Yeah.
That's the truth.
And a lot of our people don't understand that.
But nevertheless, I'm an island man.
That's it.
After two o'clock, if they want to put on Ishkibibla and senior winces after two, I, I don't
care anymore.
I just give up.
I throw in the towel.
If they get 50,000 votes on this pool, a more power to them.
At least their people are, you know, they're behind it and they're having some fun with
it and they're doing it.
Well, even, even, even your close personal friend, even that one, even though it was always
negative and derogatory and hostile and he only needed everybody in the building and on
the outside too.
But even he, you know, you would recognize you or me.
There was like, there was like some crossover, even though it was very negative and hostile.
But at least there was some, there was some continuity there, you know what I'm saying?
Hey, we always gave him a lot of air time.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Well, Yusher is held in.
Yeah.
He took the door.
You see?
No.
And if he would have run with it, he could like, he might still be there.
He could have been there.
But a sense of humor, which he doesn't.
But other than that, I'm just, I draw the line at two, whatever they put on, more power
to him.
They, they can put Joyce farting on a year for four hours and it, and probably get a
bigger number than your friend got the last two.
You know what?
It, it couldn't because she doesn't make a sound.
No.
No, she's never farted.
I'm sure of that.
Not an upright bitch like her.
Without sound.
She can't use sound.
She doesn't, she does the SBDs.
That's where it came from.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I know where it came from.
Back to him.
Believe me.
Well, calm down.
Your life is good.
Outside of that place, my life is great.
Fensational.
I could never ask for more.
I've, I've got my own issues right now with that.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Anything we want to hear about?
Yeah.
You know what?
I, I, I, come on.
Let's go.
I, I just unloaded.
See, I'm always the one that's got to open up a big mouth.
Yeah, that's right.
Who was this?
I, I want to work the rest of the week.
As long as I'm here.
Yeah.
But, hey, you know, it's a, it's a, the usual thing, you know, we come up here and,
uh, you should see the setup of those stations have.
I mean, they look like real radio stations.
Like, professionally.
You know, I see banners and first-rate equipment.
We have, you know, headsets that got, didn't work when we got here.
Water was affecting the headsets.
We have, um, my name is not on anything here.
I mean, that, you know, it's just.
Not a big deal, I guess.
You know, they send us all, but everybody else has,
everybody else has an engineer or producer and, you know, you know, there are two or
three people per station.
Here, it's just me and the beast and the beast who is, credit is, you know, really
hustling.
But, uh, we're under man compared to everybody here.
Hmm.
What a shock.
Yeah.
See, we got a new guy in there and he seems like a really good guy.
In fact, I sent him another lengthy email at midnight last night because I was really,
I was just filming at them out.
And, uh, he means well, but he's inherited such a nightmare that I just don't know, like
I said before, it's the Humpty Dumpty Syndrome.
Greg broke it into so many zillion pieces.
I don't know that anybody can put the pieces back together again.
The egg is broken.
The egg shellers are laying in tatters now, you know, and they're in denial about it,
you know, they can bring in all the new sales people.
We got a hundred new sales people now.
Every morning now, they bring in another new sales broad.
Hey, here's this one.
Here's that one.
I had a listen, this, this will put a smile on your face.
They brought in some chick this morning who's been with us.
I don't know, a couple of months.
I don't know what her name is.
Even forgot.
She was that memorable.
And she says he used to work in Viral Beach and on a station that carried my show.
I said, no, I said, oh, yes, you were on.
I said, no, I've never been on Viral Beach or any other radio station.
Yeah, no, I'm positive.
You were on our station.
Okay.
Does that paint the picture for you?
Yeah.
See, I told you, you get a little chuckle out of that.
Oh, wow, the spiff squad.
Uh-huh.
Stippy.
Yeah, I'm sure that mine is gone too for the rest of my life after this.
Boy, by the way, how many of you go from an eight hundred years ago?
Excuse me, yo, because I didn't get a call from an eight hundred year old.
You're being behind.
That's what I'd like to know.
Who dropped the ball?
Who dropped the ball, Bo?
And of course, we got this two to four revolving dough for Mo.
Here we go.
Good for the gusset.
Good for the gander.
What is it?
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Yeah, goose this, Bo camper.
Doll is a five year old razor blade.
I'd like to watch women's softball.
Well, go ahead.
I'm looking at this thing now.
Joe Rose has pulled it even with mandage.
I know 296 apiece.
I know that.
Don't you think I'm keeping track?
And you know something I'm done with it.
I'm on my hands off.
If they want to get 50,000 votes on there, great.
More power to them.
I say, hallelujah.
Good job.
Well done.
You know, you know how bogus and the only see you keep saying it's bogus.
The only reason it's bogus is because our people are allowing them to make it bogus.
It's like it's like they borrowed the die-bowl voting machines from the bush people.
You know, right away.
You know what I, you know what this station reminds me of?
Our sports.
Maybe it's just a late turnout.
Yeah.
All right.
When the rural vote comes in from sweet water and ojas, then they're really going to kick our ass.
Right.
Well, I got nothing to do with any of this.
And I don't, I don't do a sports show.
I'm giving up after the Leafs lost again on the shootout last night.
I'm giving up sports all together.
And any a bell for couldn't stop a bowling ball from a hundred yards away.
Shoot out my ass.
Well, that's what Joyce said.
I'm sorry.
So yeah.
Well, listen, you guys have a good time.
It don't be wandering around.
Listen, I lived there, man, for two years.
Don't be wandering around Detroit at the beast.
Unless you've got a death wish.
You're a crazy person.
He won money in a casino.
He was a mark.
How far did you walk in the dark about a mile?
No.
He's still alive.
Wow.
It was cold and dark.
Wow.
They probably thought they saw you.
They probably thought the spaceship landed.
They ran the other direction.
God.
It's a walking bowling ball.
Let's get out of here.
They probably thought it was Rover from the prisoner.
Well, listen, you guys have a good time.
Yeah.
And don't lose too much now.
Just remember, don't be in your head.
The carving pack would say, bet with your head not over it.
I'll be leaving for Las Vegas on Friday.
So are you really?
Yes.
Well, you going on vacation?
No.
Well, I'm going to take a couple of days off.
Yeah.
But I'm doing.
I'm taking a couple of off-study right now.
I do the gambling story on ESPN some day on the summer.
I'm going out this afternoon.
Or I wasn't going to, but I'm at 2 o'clock.
The excuse being that my maid comes at 2 on Wednesday.
Which she does.
So I got to get out of here.
Yeah.
I'm going out there.
I don't care if I lose what I lose.
If I lose $8,000,000 there today, it'll be better than being around here
and getting all bogged down with this place.
This is a killer of this place.
This is just a killer debilitating.
You know, they should be the best boyfriends that are there.
They're scratching his head and scratching his package.
You wonder, how come he's upset again?
He's getting off a testy lately.
You know, he don't get it.
George had to go in there for half an hour
to give him a seminar on why we're pissed off.
A real newspaper wouldn't publish a poll like that.
Why not?
It's for fun.
OK.
It's the obwe...
We had just as much opportunity to stack the deck as they did.
OK.
And we did.
I did.
I said 891 to 146.
Is that close?
No.
We had that lavastured pack for exactly what he is.
A phony baloney, man.
They're all in bed together over there, including I think Bougain lavastured.
I hear a lot of stories about that.
Figuratively and literally.
I think they're doing something.
I think they saw that cowboy movie too many times.
Like Push and Shrine.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
How do you like Cheney's eyeballs rolling around last night?
I wasn't going to watch any of it, but I saw the last few minutes
and the democratic, pathetic response when Bouges talk about alternative sources
and getting away from dependence on Middle East or like.
I thought Cheney's eyeballs are going to pop out of his head.
Presently, you know, they'll all be long dead by that time anyway.
So it's just all talk.
I won't be talking about that poll when we're all dead.
That's for sure.
Well, you have a good day and stay.
I'm going to give it a shot.
Okay.
I'm going ballistic to them.
I'm just going to scream for four hours.
Well, we'll try to listen to some of this.
I'm going to go here.
Have a good time.
YouTube.
Thanks.
For three times boys talk.
The mad dog.
The mad dog.
I wonder if any of those writers that we're calling for talk show hosts that we're calling
from around the country, feels stupid.
Having compared the Indianapolis Colts to a perfect season team at this point.
Honestly, I'm a little bit more than Dolphin's had a week schedule and I think it's just broke right.
Miss that and the other happy horse manure.
Well, I don't know what they're saying and thinking right now.
Or do you not hear from Morgana until the next team runs out 12 and 0.
You managed your sports authority.
We changed from 47 on sports radio 565.
Q8 M.
Absolutely want to kill this.
I have got a lot of these.
Oh, Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
We have a mobile from Miramar. Hello.
Can you hear me okay? I got a question.
Jimmie and Danny's situation.
I have. Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
I'm going to talk more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley
Alonso Fossils, wherever he fought and comes with his own frigid air.
Yeah, but what about...
Yeah, you're with him out.
Well, we could do it over.
Okay.
Five.
10, 14, and 5, 60 WDQM.
It's Wednesday, February 1st.
Today, it will go down in...
In for me, as far as I'm concerned.
For what a place.
For what a place.
And like I said, I'm done.
I'm all done with that phony baloney.
You guys are on your own, huh?
Well, it's about time.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm a slow learner.
I got nobody to blame by myself.
I put my best foot forward there yesterday.
We kicked some serious bloody ass.
And then the rest of it, like I said, rolled over and they spread their legs in there.
And I was in.
Well, that's a nice image.
Yeah.
Especially bow camber.
Well, he's gotten fond of that cow that sits in front of the university dog.
I don't know.
The one he stole from Dan Bouts.
Hey, if you're in a dead end.
Oh, all right!
Sportsman?
Roll, wind, tree, what did you do?
To just stay a book that wasn't quite true?
Roll, wind, tree, defend the James Fry.
Though we told the Millions, little lies.
He wrote a book about his time and we had.
But now it seems that we've all been had.
Next we'll find out he never stole the crap.
He wasn't addicted to collect, ding, stands.
I think Daddy's full of it.
Roll, wind, tree, what did we do?
We only read books that you tell us to.
Maybe you are the one who's on the drugs.
But pulling this book in opens up love.
Boy, opens up love.
1018 at 560 WQA in the home of absolute madness, man.
Just madness.
I have never seen more coolest people who just don't get it.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Max, yeah, at any rate.
I was kind of depressed though.
I told Hank the whole story and he gave me like a non-sequitor that responds about,
well, you know, it's a bogus pole.
You hear that?
Yeah, I heard it.
What is that?
Well, it's a bogus pole that doesn't mean that we can't.
I understand that, but we think there's ever much as opportunity to fix the election.
The boy's people did.
Oh, the phone's ringing.
That means the bogus disk is down there.
You know what? Good.
What do you think about that one bit though, huh?
Oh, man, you talk about the blind leading the blind.
Nice going again, Beasley.
You guys are right on top of it.
You see, they could bring in Albert Einstein, Carl Sagan, all these that they could resurrect all of these brilliant dead people.
And they could put them in a management team at that place.
And as long as the Beasley's are, you know, pulling the strings,
it isn't going to make a chat in a bit of difference in hell.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying that, I tell you what it is.
10 to 2, baby.
Just keep that in mind.
10 to 2 p.m.
Oh, I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
It's going to be a pride.
I even get paid once in a while on payday.
But Jesus Christ Almighty, this, this, this myopic, it's like,
it's like our people have blinders on you know.
All they can see is the Super Bowl and Shaq.
Shaq and the Super, I mean, what else is going on in sports right now?
Is there anything else going on?
Does anybody here about the Panthers?
No.
Does anybody care about Hurricane Basketball?
No.
We can talk about that.
What, here's what might be going on?
What else is going on now?
I'll be decide to Super Bowl a Sunday which I realize that's big.
And of course, and the heat.
That's it
Chad's Josh whatever your name is can you yeah, Josh check
What else am I missing is there something else going on? I mean that in hockey. That's it. Let me say again
Nobody I know that I'm just
In South Florida curious about hockey. No, I remember they wouldn't know Ed Belfer from saw be helpful
Okay, they haven't got any idea what I'm talking about
So I think I got my thumb right on the there. That's all there is super bowl
And so it doesn't require that much effort to go out of your way a little bit and say hey guess what we realize
It's a bogus and it's it's a gear to make the other guys look like contenders and you know you can go on and say well when the book comes out
That's all that counts well. Take a look at that December number. Okay, so maybe the dolphins did win six in a row
And maybe they got a little goose from that but guess what maybe that wasn't it
Maybe that wasn't what it was all about
I don't know because I don't listen to them and even if I was in town I wouldn't listen them under penalty of death
But the fact that it matter is that they're out there like plugging away and we're sitting back like and these guys
Unlike the other ones. It's not like life on a flea off you ask like the first fan
1800 on the dial that nobody could pick up with at the Joe Barry and mortis these distraught and the other swole
They I mean these guys got mostly swole on the year two separate Joe
But they got you know daddy's money this one Joel fineberg's daddy and the two gods is daddy
They got some money behind him and a lot of those people used to work on this station
So they got a bug up there as they hate us like poison. They'd like to they would do anything to hurt us
That's what I heard yeah, and that what that's what Joe Bell said they would do anything to punish us
And I said believe me if anybody deserves to be punished all we're gonna look at the Katrina hearings to the first
Ever. Yeah, there you go
It's talk that way
My god, he's dumber than a box of
Chalk roaches dumber than a box of Hershey's chocolate
You know something I would have rather had a Hershey's candy bar than that milk a bar that John Jira sent
With Hershey's actually they make they make candy where we're like what's the one they got?
I get one every now and then I hate to admit it. No, they got a they've got like
Confucius stuff in it like almonds and also like some
Um, and coffee that's the one. Yeah, we get them by the bags sometimes that we don't go crazy
But they are good. All men's coffee
Yeah, I would have rather had one or two of those than that milk a bar crack that John Jira sent here because of the fact
I had a swastika on it. He was very impressed by the refrigerator
You put them in the room yeah fact after I ate that thing not only did my blood sugar goes skyrocketing
I started goose stepping around the studio
Although you can't pass up a good goose
Let me say it again you find a goose
Okay, here's our poll from yesterday. I want to ramble on for four hours. Oh, I probably should I should just and then Cindy
Sheen gets arrested because they didn't like her t-shirt last night and I've got her response to the original story
I got marine doubt her column good
And after that I just might start screaming for four hours. I might just lose it right on the year and
Then the fact that you're you know little league program director needs you to go in there for 25 and
I need a bigger part. No, I wouldn't say need he wanted to have a conversation with somebody to talk back to him
Why to to be in touch to be involved to to take this and he of course he just might
To be in touch
Guess what clearance? It's not personal. It's only business you are drowning in a sea of an up to two you haven't got a clue
What we do not a clue?
Here's the poll from yesterday. What was the best South Florida restaurant to close in last 20 years?
1547 votes
Burton's acts to 75
overwhelming what a shame
Yeah, they sure missed Mr. Ego and at pepper corns used to hide someone is back home Wolfies 169
Comprehensive 70 well after this first two. It's a long long drop down to pump or the old people see him in the sweet and low in the
Silverware put him out of business and Wolfies as well
The studio 68 all Freddie we missy badly
Corkeys in North Miami Beach 56 fantastic field pickles and out of this world potato lockers
May we a little potato pancakes will sit you free good coleslaw and great coleslaw see ordinary
Coleslaw is like you know, you know, it's right, but their coleslaw was really had the pizzazz to it had some schmals
Down under 54 my pie that real thick pizza
52
Oh
Mike Gordon's 51 Mr. Coney Allen 58 toilet
New York steakhouse 47 beef steak Charlie's 46 the sangria and the audience peel any trim
I know I say that every time I mention that but that's the only thing I remember there
I don't because it's called beef steak Charlie's I don't remember if the meat was any good or not
You never had a beef steak there at Charlie no, and when I kept thinking about Houston
Houston's is not a steakhouse. I don't care what you guys try to give me a song of dance
And that's not what it's famous for
What's it got like sandwiches and kind of artsy partsy salads with a honey mustard dressing
That's out of this world and they got like all all kinds of stuff like that big burgers
It's not a steakhouse. Why I mean I talked to some people about it. It's not a steakhouse
But it's not famous for anything in particular. That's for damn sure that is true
But it happens to be a very good place just because it's not famous doesn't mean it's not a good place. I
Said it was fine
But I'm just trying to tell you okay. I don't want to argue if you had a steak and you enjoyed it
That's not the place I go for steak go to terror steak and lobster. I find new sponsors out of this world. Okay, okay
Go to a place where that's known for steak in fact
There used to be that place on the causeway there by where we used to work called the place for steak
I wonder why they called it that I don't know because it was a place for steak
Anyway, beef steak Charlie's 46th the ground and I it's like people that go into like a
Diner in the order of sirloin steak. I mean, yeah, what's it gonna be you know?
Yeah, and it tastes like a dog meat. It is here the dog
Yeah, beef steak Charlie's 46th the ground round 46 Hemingway's 45. Guess who's a wife used to work there
I'm gonna be don't mention that one that you say Britain jacks
She worked there longer
Because I like Britain jacks. Oh, I see
I'm not that I just liked Hemingway's I think I ate there a couple of times. It was alright with no Britain jacks though
No, nothing was Tina's spaghetti house for well, no, I don't say that Britain jacks was good
But don't get carried away like you all emotional now. Wasn't that good was very good
Now mr. Ego is crying when he talks about it because you see it all in previews there. Yeah all for him
Tina's spaghetti house for the Kasevekiya 40 never ate there English pub 32 El Milino and baby 32
Well, that was a fabulous place
Lay dome 31 videos 26 I should always you know again
I forgot to mention a hand cuz we got all this other
Fetching going on always me and I was crying baby stuff and rightfully so by the
Dolls 24 whether you stay up even the waitresses used to have cheese on their go
It was cheese on everything whatever you ordered had cheese that even the sodas had cheese
Yesterday's 24 Victoria station 23 little trains going around and round like very come on
Pisano's 19 don't you dare play that maneros
Steakhouse 17 for a steakhouse 17 rocky racionis and had 17 yesterday morning and say they're all day so I guess all the old
Tools like me remember it that was the end of that it was a good place right at 135th and this game the spice apple 15
Alan Burke used to have his own table in her with his name on it kind of like I used to have at the melting pot
Where you wait and head that bad time?
Thank God they're not in business on board of the new boys and other these people are great. Exactly
Mixes steakhouse 15
Catfish dewey's 14 two guys pizza 14 that was oh fabulous
Oh man, that was really good give these 12 top of the home 11 that can be top of the home in Hollywood
Barbecue bar in 10 Clifford's 10
Vinnie's 10 where you slide off the toilet seat right on the floor but not no mo the caves nine where they had those guys in
I kept seeing Lea Thorets they had what they have on loincloths
They had on those things from a clockwork orange
Chock straps no, what do they call those?
God pieces God pieces. Yeah, in fact, maybe that was a specialty of the main
The menu was a piece of cod that would be the Cape Cod the Cape yes, I have as a matter of fact lovely
Catch me out seven to runny pub seven Jimmy January's six gay the flame five
Monkson had five charter hundred and charter five lot pearl of four the super exchange for size Rivergate four the red coach
Real three smoke our spark barbecue three Cisco's two man seen these one and the colas didn't have any oh
Man oh man we got too many glam out there. Well, what is wrong with you people that place was awesome?
I mean granted they had like pizza, but they also had all the wheel and pasta
It was a good place pepper pines
Taft and whatever
Taft and Douglas I believe
You ever eat there in the colas?
No
That was a fabulous place. No, nobody said that well your mama okay your taste is well
I do you like an ice cream too? Oh can't believe me you can have all you want it's all yours and
Some people even like those milk chocolate bars
Man my golden retriever dropped a lot better stuff in my yard than that's oh god. I was thinking the chocolate
Suffering in the super dominant to convention center. There you go. He is just he's scary. Hey fight
Oh
Howdy, partner. Tell me how to view back there.
Welcome.
Like a broken back cowboy.
There's a reason why cats don't cover the lake very air.
I'm a home on the rain that's where you're ferry.
Like a broken back cowboy.
I guess what was on TV last night on the documentary channel.
But I sure show it a lot too and every time it's on I just hope I can't turn it off.
I give up.
Standing in the shadows of Motown?
Yeah.
Alright.
Watch it again.
You know who I like?
I mean I love Ben Harper but you know how we like the best?
John Osborne.
Oh.
She's so good at scary.
Very good.
And you know it's toward the ass end of the movie when she does what becomes of the broken hearted.
Right.
And the guy's like conducting the orchestra there.
You know, I'm fixated on that because the rest all the other songs that people sing he's not doing that.
I don't know what he's doing or who he is.
I think he's I don't know who he is.
Maybe just walking up the street.
That could be it.
But God that is just so and you're like in the drummer just go and nuts there.
It's just too good to be true.
You know, by the way I think a caller might have mentioned it but I've seen advertisement for them.
They're on tour.
The phone brothers?
Yeah.
Oh man.
I'm telling you.
I mean you know like what do I know about anything but I still say if they would if they would get the recording artist Gerald Avert and Ben Harper and Joe Osborne and everybody except for Shaka Khan.
And the other people who were in that movie and do all the Motown stuff and make like a double set CD.
It would sell a Zidian copies.
I know I go out and buy a hundred of them.
Yeah, that's still one.
I mean God.
Happy.
I mean seeing the Wasias going for thinking who is.
Tell me.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Help me, help me, help me
Help me, help me, help me, help me
Help me, help me, help me
Help me, help me, help me
Help me, help me, help me
Help me, help me, help me
Help me, help me
Help me, help me
Help me, help me
Help me, help me
Hi, y'all!
Woah,在哭
What have you done?
Why, keep going
來了
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
And all right.
You're like that.
that. Not taking personal, but if you don't like Motown, we just hate you like poison,
okay? We hope that something like music. That's correct. Very well put. If you don't
like this movie, then you don't like movies. You like that guy to call dinner? Why do you
talk about movies? That's why I mean, who the hell likes movies, you know? God. Like,
why would you talk about food and restaurants? Who the hell likes food? I don't know. You
can be talking about sports. Oh, everybody likes chocolate. Coming evidence that the
nurse and how it's so loud. How and so would be and why needs becoming evident that
you're crazy, Ray. You're the chocolate crazy man. 1041 at 560 WQA. I'm a place that
could drive you into instant insanity. This place is just a lawyer. One thing about QAAM,
it's got a long past, a long history. I'm not so sure about the future. Man, good. And
you know, the only thing that I'm thinking, what is the only thing you're thinking? Because
when Sarni had that poll about Jimmy Cifalist and Joe on the dolphin game and the mandate
came down from our previous management and of course, you can never find out who really
was responsible. It's like, well, who decided about this best of thing? You know, anybody's
got a different story and you can never get the really honest answer. Everybody's covering
her ass, you know? That was the same thing with that. So maybe our guys just assume that
because it's a newspaper poll, we're just going to ignore it because we've been told
to do that because I can't believe that they have so little self-respect, so little
feisty. I believe in something in this business. I know it's a very unusual concept. You
know what the word is? I give up competing. Oh, no. Yeah. I believe in competing like
big time. Like I said to Hank, you're grabbing a guy by the neck and just strangling until
there's not an ounce of blood left in it. You feel like you've accomplished something
and you walk away and you move on for the next, oh, speaking of whiny. We're on notice
a new look. Oh, God, it's you. Leave him in. I may.
I haven't told you about dry concepts. Nothing will be about them for over 20 years. They've
made my carpets look just like brand new and they'll do the same for you. Right now
I encourage you to take advantage of dry concepts maintenance contracts that provide you
with a 10% discount on all their fantastic services, including their one of a con carpet
cleaning, leather drip, your rental work cleaning too. Dry concepts also specialize in pet
odor treatments ceramic tile and grout cleaning, mattress cleaning, get rid of those dust
mites and lots more. And during this month, during February, it is February. Last time
I checked, dry concepts has a special offer on a pulse cleaning too. Don't replace that
expensive furniture just because it's soiled. Let dry concepts rejuvenate that furniture
and a fraction of the cost of replacement or re-apolstering. All of their technicians
are specially trained and certified to provide you with the best possible service. In other
words, they know their crap inside a note. And dry concepts, you'll always get a written
guaranteed price up front. No scams, no add-ons at the end and professional service too.
So don't be fooled by the imitators. I'm sure you made a big investment while decorating
your home. Now it's time to protect that big investment. Called dry concepts today and
paid by our other palm machines. Be sure and tell them that ancient neal who's rocking
an ancient style for you to call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Don't forget
February special on a pulse re cleaning. Call them today or on their website. It's dryconcepts.com.
I was sleeping in the park just trying to take a seat. I got home in the dark. It left
me black and blue. I'm hurt so bad. I'm coughing a blood. Why was I beaten by teenagers
with clubs? Don't know why this happened. I took the clothes to the head. They took off.
They were laughing. They left me here for death. I've got an ass. Were they high on drugs?
Yes. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I'm dying of it. I'm lying here. I'm
a swung-unlocked baby routine. I can ask the parents why they raised their kids this way.
Lots and lots of prison time. They'll be the price they pay. What then and jail with all
those other folks? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Why was I beaten by teenagers
with clubs? Why was I beaten by... I was going up there with headphones that don't work
and no sign. Nobody knows who he is. We got some little cardboard thing that says QA and
I'm here. It's typical. When you're working for a bunch of red-necked slabs, that's what
the beesleys, this Yahoo eintree mentality. I guarantee you that kid with that band you're
up there in that tree. I guarantee you he was a bee-ly kin in deliverance. I remember the
first time I walked in that building, I kept thinking back of it. What a bad mistake that
was. It looked like people were using the building as a universal toilet. Man, it was filled
with carpets and on the walls. I thought, what a toilet this place is. It still is. Of course,
it was heavenly compared to the place that it were before. Oh, they were talking about that
other place. What? I'm talking about the building that you're sitting right now. Man, I just
couldn't believe that anybody would work in such a festering sewer. Then the place you used
to be, and I came there that one day to pick you up. Where are we going? To go pick up that
car or something. Oh my God. I walked in there and I thought to myself, this is a radio station.
I bet you that there are septic tanks that have a more sanitary interior than that building.
What are you wearing? They used well water over there. Apparently, the water was in a sulfur
deposit so you could wash your hands and it smelled like crap. Yeah, building smelled like
crap. It smelled like a Josh Reuben and the fat boy were doing something in there together.
I don't want to say what, but not the picture. Yeah, exactly. Good, golly miss Molly. That's
the mentality of these people. They have no pride. Maybe that's maybe a rubbed off on
everybody else. I don't know. They have no pride in what they do. It's just a money-making
machine. That's all. It's like most other businesses now within this radio, just a jukebox.
There's a lot of money through there and that's it. I'm just a guest. Every time I think like
yesterday, we're all whipped up and becoming like a manic depressive every other day.
Like Bill called us to say a manic depressive with no ups. Yeah, that's what I'm feeling like
with this whole deal. You might want to tell clearance that being program director of a
major market radio station or what supposedly is, is not an on-the-job and learn as you go
kind of a occupation. It just doesn't work that way. We were doing fine before. At least
we had somebody there. We had a presence. We went, well, there are so many examples.
What am I talking about? You see, you're letting me do it again. Stop doing it. No, I know.
I was reading doubt doing it. I got her. She's in my pile here very soon. She's like a
little right after Sidi Shien. All right. This relax. I got my thing here. I'm going to read
all time and read these stories on the air. Yeah, I saw your comment there on the Greg
Kotex website. Whatever the guy's name was. I forget his name. David Schmendrick.
He got well, Neo Rodgers. All he does is kill time with his pull all day and read the
stories to kill some time. Yeah, kill some time. I asked, okay. I don't realize it doesn't
have anything to do with ball games. In addition to which he's listening anyway. Right.
He's not one of these guys. He's got all the answers in the world, but the meantime he's
listening. We're not just killing time. We're torturing it slowly. That's it. That's
what we do at 2m. We're torturing you slowly like that song. We're going to give you
no flak. How much is playing Motown all day? Yeah. I'm telling you, man, if you want to
see a great movie, don't take my word for it. Go get it. Steal it. Rent it. Barrow it.
Don't bring it back. Standing in the shadows of Motown. There's a bird of flak without
Donnie halfway on that one. That was from the movie Playmasbee for me. That was in
there. I beg your pardon? I said, yes, it wasn't it. With Clint Eastwood and Jessica Walter
and what's your name? The lovely from Not Slanding. Donna Mills. What a memory. That was good
movie. I've seen that about 85 times. Playmasbee for me. It was good. What was her name now in
the movie? Oh, I forgot. Jessica Walter. What was the character? Oh, come on. Life
is so beautiful. That's the Clint Eastwood movie. I like dirty Harry. That's just name for
me. The only thing was we've talked about it a million times. He was the discock he
playing the smooth jazz there. By the way, Carmel California is so beautiful. It's scary.
So the scenery is really good in there too. But he's playing at the smooth jazz and he's
up the record by putting he puts the record on the turntable. He sticks the needle on
it. He's talking. I'm going to go cue this record up now. The needle watch it. They
need a technical advisor for that. It was kind of like QA. They didn't have any radio
people. Act of a Cindy She in arrested at the Capitol. Cindy She and the mother of a
fallen soldier in Iraq who were reintegrated into the anti-war movement was arrested and
removed from the house gallery last night just before President Bush's BS stated the
Union address a police spokeswoman said. She and who was invited to attend the speech
by representative Lynn Wolsey of California was charged with demonstrating in a Capitol
building. Said Capitol Police Sergeant Kimberly Schneider. The charge was later changed to
one awful conduct. Schneider said both charges are Mr. Meeners. She and was taken in handcuffs
from the Capitol to police headquarters a few blocks away. Her case was processed as Bush
spoke. How do you like that? While he was talking his BS, they were prosecuting for Cindy
She in. Schneider said she had worn a t-shirt with an anti-war slogan of the speech and covered
it up until she took her seat. Police order that such displays were not allowed but she
didn't respond to spoke from and said. Police handcuffs Cindy and removed her from the
gallery before Bush arrived. She was released on a rumour cognizant. Some proud that Cindy's
my guest tonight Wolsey sent an interview before the speech. She's made a difference in
the debate to bring our troops home from Iraq. Wolsey offered she an attick to the speech
gallery five, seat seven, row a. Earlier Tuesday while she was attending an alternative state
of the Union press conference by code pink, a group pushing for an end of the Iraq war. She
and Refton a bright pink scarf against the cold protested outside the White House with
a handful of others before heading to the Capitol last night. There were no cameras around
but the small band faced the executive mansion repeatedly shouted, you're evicted, get
out of our house. You're evicted. Meaning the Bushmeister. Now here's Cindy's response
to this story. What really happened, it's not very long but it gives you better, well
it is very long. Sorry. Got nothing but time. Do it. Yeah, kill it.
Cindy she and his dear friends as most of you probably heard I was arrested before the
State of the Union address tonight. I'm speechless with fury at what happened and with
grief over what we've lost in our country. There have been lies from the police and
distorsions by the press. So this is what really happened. The Saturdays, the people stayed
at the Union address in DC where I was joined by a comrade's persons, Lin Wolsey and John
Camiers and right Malik Rahim and John Cavadol. Lin bought me a ticket at the State of
the Union address. At the time I was drawing a shirt that said 2245 dead how many more.
After the press conference I was having second thoughts about going to the State of the
Union, the Capitol. I didn't feel comfortable going. I knew George Bush would say things
that would hurt me and anger me. I knew that I couldn't disrupt the address because
Lin gave me the ticket I want to be disruptive out of respect for her. I in fact had given
the ticket to John Bruins who's in Iraq veterans against the war. Lin's office already called
the media and everyone knew I was going to be there so I sucked it up and went anyway.
I got the ticket back from John. I met one of Congresswoman Barbara Lee staffers in
the Longworth Congressional Office building and we went to the Capitol via the underground
tunnel. I went through the security once then had to use the restroom and went through
security again. My ticket was in the fifth gallery, front row, fourth seat in. The person
who in a few minutes was to arrest me helped me to my seat. I had just sat down with warm
from climbing a few flights of stairs back up from the back room so I unsit my jacket.
I turned to the right and take my left arm out when the same officer saw my shirt and
the old protester. He then ran over to me, hauled me out of my seat and roughly with
my hands behind my back shoved me up the stairs. I said something like I'm going, you have
to be so rough by the way his name is Mike White. Wait, like Doug White the hockey player
Mike White, we just got traded. The officer ran with me to the elevators yelling at
everyone to move out of the way. When we got to the elevators he cuffed me and took me
outside to wait a squad car on the way out. Someone behind me said that's Cindy Shean.
At which point the officer arrested me and said take these steps slowly. I said you
don't care about being careful when you were dragging me up the other steps he said that's
because you were protesting. While I get hauled out of the people's house because I was
protesting I was never told that I couldn't wear that shirt into the Congress. I was never
asked to take it off as if my jacket back up. If I had been asked to do any of those things
I would have and written about these suppression of freedom enough speech later. I was immediately
and roughly I have the bruises and muscles fastened to prove it hauled off and arrested for
unlawful conduct. After I had my personal items inventory my fingers printed and my
sergeant came in and looked at my shirt and said 20245 huh I just got back from there. I
told them that my son died there that's on my the enormity of my loss hit me I have
lost my son I've lost my first amendment rights I've lost the country I love where did
America go I started crying in pain what the case he died for what did the 20244 other
brave young Americans die for what are tens of thousands of them over there in harm's
way for still for this I can't even wear a shirt that's got the number of troops out
of the George Bushness Erigan ignorant policies are responsible for killing I wore the shirt
to make a statement the press knew I was going to be there and I thought every once in a
while they would show me and I would have the shirt on I didn't wear it to be disrupted
or I would have unsaid my jacket during Bush's speech if I had any idea what happens to people
who wear shirts that make the neocons uncomfortable that I would be arrested maybe I wouldn't have
but I didn't there already have been many wild stories out there I have some lawyers looking
into filing a first amendment lawsuit against the government for what happened tonight I'll
file it it's time to take our freedoms in our country back I don't want to live in a country
that prohibits any person whether he or she has paid the ultimate price for that country
from wearing saying writing or telephoning any negative statements about the government that's
why I'm going to take my freedoms and liberties back that's why I'm not going to let Bush
code take anything else away from me or you I'm so appreciative of the couple hundred
protesters who came to the jail while I was knocked up to show their support we have so
much potential for good there's so much good in so many people for our four hours and two
jails after I was arrested I was let out again I'm so upset and sore it's hard to think straight
keep up the struggle I promise I will too love and peace soon Cindy city sheen's response to her
arrest last night for being a hardened dangerous protestor this is Neil Rogers this is 5.16.8
this is the Neil Rogers show this is a brain any questions arriving this summer from executive
reproducers Brad Pitt and engine visually comes the blockbuster birth you've all been waiting for
Mr. and Mrs. Smith genetically perfect baby for your old mad at says a beautiful younger sibling
to pick on I'll be the four one year old's hair says I last I cried I prepared a suffer from
an acute case of little child's and Jennifer Anderson says I'm glad it's not me who's pregnant
you see the one celebrity megaphone this summer see Mr. and Mrs. Smith genetically perfect baby
waited for the PG let's go to it 5.60 WDQM let's see what's that line up today I don't care
marine doubt writes in the New York Times today didn't see it coming again
now as if today I think I don't know you think I mean we got to cross over with Hank and Hank
is good people you know right and of course he's in Detroit sitting there trying to like do a
Super Bowl week with very little assistance whatsoever except for the beast who's busy wandering around
trying to get himself killed in Detroit what a maniac he walks a mile at night in Detroit on a
on a squirted huh well he's a squirted with his other with his better half which is not
not his girlfriend just the other half of him man that is a scary well maybe he looked like
three people he's a walking posse yeah better watch out there's three a dangerous looking people
uh wildlooned on the street yeah but the only got one head oh boy oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
marine doubt says didn't see it coming again the White House should hire an anthropologist she says
corporations have begun having anthropologists to help them improve product designs and
interpret markets and clearly the Bushborne policy team doesn't understand any of the markets where
it's barging around in Italy trying to sell America and democracy the brand value of America has
been studied decline the state of the Union is sour but the state of the world is chilling thanks to
a hideously ham-handed Bushborne policy crew that was once built as a seasoned dream team the more the
White House tries to force be democracy to tempestuous parts of the world the more it discovers
that you may be able to spin and scare voters in the U.S. but the Middle East is not so easy to
manipulate W believes in self-determination only if he's doing the determining fundamentalist in
America like to vote for Mr. Bush but elsewhere they're violently opposing him it's stunning that
nearly four decades after Vietnam our government could be even more culturally illiterate and pig-headed
the Bushes are more obsessed with snooping on Americans than fathoming how other cultures think and
react one smart anthropologist reinforcing the idea that mirroring assuming other cultures think
like us doesn't work would be a lot more helpful than all the discredited intelligence agencies that
are costing thirty billion dollars a year to miss everything from the breakup of the Soviet Union to
nine eleven to no WMD to or some as hiding place to the Hamas victory Bush officials keep
claiming they couldn't have anticipated disasters from the terrorists to tax the Katrina even when
they got specific warnings beforehand busy building up to take nuclear threat in Iraq they misplayed
the real ones in Iran and North Korea and London Sunday Connie Rice admitted that all of our
diplomats and spies were caught off guard by the Hamas win I've asked why nobody saw it coming she
said it does say something about us not having a good enough pulse instead of paying the Lincoln
group millions to plant fake newspaper stories in Iraq the Bush team I try reading real newspaper
stories here instead of simply believing any fact that makes them feel self-important the president
might try reading history like many other presidential candidates have interviewed WCD like Winston
Churchill but if he really had read Churchill he would at least have understood that the Middle East
would never turn out the way you expect Churchill recalled Iraq an ungrateful volcano would not have
been surprised by the new world public opinion dot org poll showing the close to half of Iraqis
approve of attacks on American forces the state of the union is a non-event but Bob Woodruff and
his cameraman Doug Vote being blown up by roadside bomb has forced the media to focus on what the
Bushes tried to hide all the injured and mean coming home from Iraq mark landers timespiece noted
that the ABC journalist came to the hospital and on-stooled Germany on a military transport playing
carrying 31 wounded soldiers about a normal daily influx for this hospital as Denise Grady wrote in
Times a survival rate in Iraq is higher than another wars but the wounds are multiple and awful
combinations of damaged brains and spinal cords vision and hearing loss this figured faces burns
amputations mangle limbs and psychological ill like the pressure and post-traumatic stress
the oil man in chief lecturing us last night after five oblivious years about being drunk in oil
now that Halle Burton and ex-honor swimming in profits ex-honor's revenues were bigger than
the gross domestic product of either Saudi Arabia or Indonesia was rich a more honest TV
memo was Kristina on a arm on tour labeling Iraq a black hole the spiraling and security
disaster she told Larry King and robbed Iraqis of hope and by any indication whether you take the
number of journalists killed or wounded whether you take the number of American soldiers killed
or wounded whether you take the number of Iraqi soldiers killed wounded contractors people working
there it just gets worse and worse you said but hey how could the Bushes have known that
Occupy in Middle East country and flipping the balance of power from one sector to another without
enough proof to secure it to go wrong who on earth could predict the inevitable he is so
glad man she's got her thumb right on the ring dad I mean I realize it's you know just killing
some time reading that stuff yeah killing it slowly that with my song or something like that okay
we haven't even got today's podium because I'm so pissed off in psychotic I'm just I don't know
I think I need a shrink from this place I agree or maybe I just need to shrink from this place I
don't know it's just it's just a hopeless situation and you're dealing with too many people who just
don't get it they don't get it you know what I'm saying wait the one you wasted a half an hour
with this morning who wants somebody to pat him on the head and pretend that he's like you know
understands what you're talking about I just I just I'm it's kind of like our people are the
sports segments are like waving a white flag you know okay we surrender okay this is the first
end they had like any real people with real money up against them it's kind of like they just
throw it in the towel we surrender okay you guys go ahead and kick our ass we're not gonna fight
back it's like they've taken a fight out of us not not us of them excuse me
what was the biggest who is the and we've and you know I did this full with this a million times
before I did this today anticipating that we wouldn't spend a lot of time on it because I thought
today we'd be spending a lot of time like creeping the you know all this week the Greg Cotex
pull in a hair well the mom out of that you know screw that right I'm I'm uninvolved I got
nothing to do with any of that crap okay I'm in fact after the Leafs last night after that shoot
out I I'm giving up hockey football I'm giving up sports maybe water sports but other than that
maybe I'll start showering with Ricky Martin all or he's not my type but nevertheless and I'm
no talent celebrity of all time 523 votes Paris Hilton 171 speaking of golden showers
Rosie O'Donnell 49 in fact he's peeing at old style is what the cab driver said
Rosie O'Donnell 49 I hate this pull 46 good P daddy 45 Ashley Simpson 40
Arnold Schwarzenegger 14 JLo 13 sliced alone 13 Lundi Generat 12 our Cineo Hall 11 20 Danza 11
Britney Spears 10 Keanu Reeves 10 had Sullivan 9 so I voted for him in fact we were talking about him
the other day you and I yes and that's what you know all of that reaction to the stadium
very positive 48 percent somewhat positive 27 negative 23 so how do you like that they're very
impressed by the fact he said nothing last night for an hour Paris spelling 8 Snoop Dogg 8 Wayne
said he don't you walk so fast and we're legacy 5 what he gives me spilky's man
whoopie gober 5 then apholic 5 Frank Sinatra for Madonna for J Leno 3
Chin up Bob Dylan 3 Ozzy Osborne 3 Courtney Cox 2 Bill Shatner 2 you know they one of the
restaurants I did my 10 minutes of research on this for William Shatner was listed as the
least talented they really ripped him an ass I thought he's at least got a sense of humor you know
he's kind of funny no funny you don't like him Gary Moore won and none for Tab Hunter Dean
Martyn or Bruce Willis out of 543 Dean Martin could he build out an ounce of sound or what oh man
wasn't for Jerry Lewis as much as you know we used to like Jerry Lewis once upon a time it's
hard to believe that but you know a hundred years ago we like him everybody loves somebody
Dean Martin Tabital Records and everybody he had the schmals man he really schmalsed it out
what a singer man
what is that the door is still open to my heart the door is still open to your one
oh man what a what a voice what a talent what a and the interesting part of it is that he was
a like a Tito like put on the image of being a drunk like Jack Benny put on the image of being
cheap which he was a very generous guy the only difference was the Jack Benny was funny and Dean
Martin was neither funny nor could he sing but other than that right he was great somebody want to
take some calls today because I'm I'm I'm lost I'm just you know I've had last week or so this
place I've sent emails to Joe Bell which I you know I never do stuff like that but I'm just I
I can't deal with it because there are just too many headless horsemen running around that joint
you know I'm talking about I'm sure you do what are you talking about and then Josh tells me
a story this morning it's enough to make you want to like blow your brains out about how I
I don't even I guess I shouldn't talk about it right probably not oh you know I haven't heard it
in my supposed to talk about it or not yeah it's just you know let's leave it no not about his
raise you know just yeah this and that and kind of all of these things yeah even though I was
assured that nobody was going to be messing with either one of you guys and that everything on
this show was just a okay and everything was fine and like oh we're fine oh well you know no
you know
WQAM hello QAM
Morris call of the day man three call of the morning how you doing okay I've got a question now
and you're up full for yesterday you guys left off stand that's right to call in but I couldn't
get in the time we left off why stands restaurant lounge never heard of it oh I'm in the
coaster right there at local park is now the yeah I heard of it that's probably where we left it
here we hear a stand I heard a stand majors though we left off stands well you know there is
80s video restaurants that are gone out of business in 20 years it's a very you know I don't
have to tell you it's a toughness to be in next to this everybody year and a half ago you took
that poll about artists that didn't suck and you know you left off bread oh Christ you mean
the the poll about guys with great voices but who are really ugly David Gates yeah yeah I remember
that David Gates and bread now I'm waiting here baby I'm along to you I'm waiting here now come
I hear a little slow today you're the one who brought it up where is where some bread baby where is
the bread where's the beef and where's the bread here you go here's your bread
let's bread and butter but that's not bread yeah not in here that's it with you the white
oh the pressing was it is always really pretty morbid all this stuff was like high the razor blade
music kind of like working a Q a m okay kill him hi David Douglas the wife of representative CW Bill
Young Republic of Indian Shore is told a newspaper that she was ejected during the state of the
union dressed wearing a t-shirt that says support the troops defending our freedom Beverly
young told the same p times that she was sitting in the front row of the house gallery last night
when she was approached by someone who told her she needed to leave she said she reluctantly
agreed but argued with several officers and an outside hallway and a telephone in who the
newspaper Young said she told them her shirt wasn't a protest but say messages support
capital police sergeant Kimberly Schneider said Young wasn't ejected from the gallery she left
on her own she couldn't provide additional details Young's husband found out about the incident
after Bush's speech and called it unacceptable unacceptable and of course you are absolutely
absolutely like that Republicans she's wearing a t-shirt and wow I know we probably somebody had
to read it to them you know that's probably what the problem was maybe they read it wrong
1114 and at 560 I wonder if our president can spell obu got raped I doubted he can't even say
it so I thought he's spelled it hang this up baby
if you're a mighty big star who's known for crashing cars and snorting stuff up the year no
you got a needing disorder and you've punched a re-order and there's a picture of you with no
clothes books well you want to find a cop saying your last movie flop and why did you color your
hair before the popper I think it's you gotta get your picture on the cover of vanity there
vanity you gotta get your picture on the cover
say blame it all on your state mother you're gonna need some damage control on the cover of vanity
there's only our guys ideas on the cover of vanity there well thank you Ted for your nice
comment on the great codec so and I'm sure Ted's listening right now you all find anything
interesting here that's right another one these are limits and they're all coming from across
the street by the way I better just reading the mother curiosity because I know we need care I'm not
looking at the result no more no more I'm not telling you this this outfit here they really
seal their own fate you know you guys are really doing it big time 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
vanity QAM hello it's going on Neil yes sir question for you why did Arnold's got a business man
too many roaches over here the world castle right down baby burned down had a fire kill all the
roaches too damn what do I have fam yeah he's he's sorry couldn't smoke one
wva m hello oh Neil yes sir regarding the issue with George got his power back yet no
oh man I got a rolling blackout yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
good calls today by the way so far wva m hello Neil yes sir how you doing all right I had an
idea for both of Brian for a bit uh-huh uh-huh doing like uh uh the t-shirt police
that you know the t-shirt police they're gonna get your t-shirt like you did before with the dream
police and the one of the radio police the word police yeah right a t-shirt police the golden
showers police right the newspaper poll police that could be true okay 5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's
take a thousand of these today okay or we could place some of that standing in the shadows of
the motel well who wants to hear a bunch of that crappy music line nine wqa m our intellectual line hello
right what I tell you line no more what oh yeah listen to those callers you know this is what
the erogers has to offer you know what there's more entertainment on the show in 30 seconds how many
about 30 minutes we'll find out all other crap put together all the sports quizzlings get together
and I what do you think you think the dolphins can go undefeated next season you think the staff
panthers are going to Stanley cop you think uh-shack is gonna like pop a big roe and the pet
Riley's gonna stick his head in there and heal it for him I tell you one thing with it glossy
that shiny here is god might just be able to do it you know ease off that pain
wqa mqa m hello yeah I used to love putting on my yam again going to pump it there was a
belt left they had the best bagels wqa m hello hey no how you doing all right hey can you play that
a masterpiece bit again maybe wow what's what's so exciting about it I was as funny as funny it's
funny okay well I'm glad you like it I thought it was pretty marginal in fact I got one on a
super bowl that's not even funny at all but it's time we saw play it kill some time and that's
what we're here for is to kill some time reading these pondress stories and reading that awful pull
we got on there it's amazing how many misfits we got out there and you know that air everybody every
single one of you listen right here right now even adi they're all listen they're all gathered around
what are hands on their radios wqa m hello wqa m hello
qa m hello Neil yes sir how are you okay Neil I know yesterday's pull but there was a red
backwards barbell okay well I was yesterday's pull like you said okay I mean got cut the crap
you are so boring man it's just pathetic that's the reason we take all of these calls just to
give the rest of the world a little heads up on self-order what it's all about and we do a
fabulous job of doing that by the way too good I think believe you me stay away stay the hell away
you'll be really sorry sorry mister five six seven oh five six you just like when I get off a plane
at Miami International and I see all these people coming in or going on those cruise ships that
are like modeling to the rent a car place and I'm thinking why are you people doing this what do
you think you're gonna find here what and of course let them learn for themselves they'll don't get it
wqa m hello hey Neil just you want me to you are any soaching got elected to the
Cutler Bay Council wow that's pretty exciting that he was seven years old yeah okay good nobody
cares wqa m hello honey how about a bush here's in Del Rey Beach that was a good one yeah
um the girl and also we miss you popinos at any time yeah yeah we had a big fireworks thing and
you know everybody was happy and clapping it's just a beautiful thing
my mission man table 125 yeah okay five six seven oh five six the pound five six and the
Verizon singular wireless lines your buddy and mr uh goon ad wqa m hello misfit central
yeah can I have a number eight with a sprite and a number four with a code please
how about a number one and number two how's that wqa m hello hey Neil how you doing today all right
you love nothing look like that are you remember you check now okay wqa m hello
hmm
done wqa m hello yeah me it was uh Georgia yeah yeah is there any way to get back issues of the skipper
truck show no now see I played some moment play some moments see here
good good they are good this is what we specialize man you absolutely write about that don't like it
too bad we like it but hey what's not to like that's for sure five six seven oh five six you
let's take a hundred thousand these today between now and two I'm writing the mood for it between
now whatever we got the revolving dough at two to four wqa m hello hey you got the
moving likely story and not for that no way Jose no chance wqa m hello
q a m happy Wednesday for more the first hello it's a Roger sir yes sir mr.
caller maybe the relax a little bit today you're hanging up on a lot of your callers yeah I can't
imagine why what do you got what do you got pali nothing zero zip it he do uh wqa m hello
me oh yes it's a male but cry okay good back though wqa m he came to the right place qa m hello
yeah hey I think I have the most important thing to say when the hell is Jim
managed going on from two to six I don't know and I don't care how's that how's that for you okay
I don't know and I don't care that's a good step on the right direction oh hey listen I'm not
fun in you when I tell you that we do two tend to two we're not getting paid to have any
involvement with all this other stuff if we have work with people who have no fight in them no
self respect no uh desire to compete and that's that's their deal okay I don't care we've always
been an island here people you know I don't have to tell you of all people that they resett us
like poison they hate us ah anybody anybody who even likes this show in the building whether it's
Tommy or I mean you know the Miguel anybody remotely associated with this show is automatically
on the S list you know I'm saying the s8 that was oh that's so that's one of those
neo people bad like that because we're not part of the sports bag fraternity there and we
understand that you know a lot of guys like to take showers together this is neo-rugular
so this is 5.62.8 oh god neo
for a stop rejoin
Holy
Enjoy.
You did up to this penalty, being pretty familiar.
Very timely, not amusing, not interesting.
Gee, dew like!
that's funny. But it goes on.
Oh, right. Rock solid.
Great. I noticed with great interest by the way that even though my name isn't mentioned
on that great code text pool, that almost I would say 95% of the comments on there, maybe
90% of them mentioned my name. The last level of course in a highly derogatory way which
just wounds me to the quick but nevertheless. Or if they don't, they're definitely our
misfits like Eddie. Well, we got Eddie who put, he only put it on about a hundred times.
Babu. Babu. Babu. But it's good. So if you think our collars are great, take a look
at the comments and a blog man. There is nothing that the worst talk show collars in history
believe me, we got more than our share. Don't even come close to the people who are responding
to chat rooms and on the blogs. Oh my God. And of course we already learned that on our
website long ago, we nipped that baby in a bud. Just like those comments in there had
nothing to do with the pool or the question at hand. It's just a place for people to
bitch and morn and scream at each other and back and forth. Like a bunch of overgrown
chillin's. Like putting a plate of cat food out in the alley man. All these stuff like
a bunch of overgrown chillin's. They're going to show up to it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. A lot of
strays out there. A pound 5 60 and they've arrived in Singular Rivals line. Join us in our
intellectual dissection of the president's state of the union. Viz.
WNC.
Hello. Not there on to mark that one down on the log on the first of February no less.
Oh, WNC.
WNC.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
It's you.
Neil.
You're right.
WNC.
WNC.
That's me.
You got it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. That was a good clearance to an voice. Good job, too, by the way.
Must have a sock over it.
Tom 5 60 and they've arrived in Singular Rivals line. The whisperer doing a voice today.
The whisperer.
Uh huh.
You people are real scream. You know that the interesting part of it is the non-callers,
the rest of the audience. They came for through for as big time yesterday and at pull 891 to
146 and at pull just just for us and for Q. I. M.
Which I've told you that there's like about the same 10 people that call every day on all the shows.
That's just this one. Oh, I did. And the rest of them have got enough sense to not to be doing stupid stuff like that.
WNC.
WNC.
Yeah, Mr. Bellgiv, Johnson, Georgia, raise.
WNC.
WNC.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Uh huh.
Many of the us some ago.
Uh, thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Trying to be there.
I did very much into your about the congressman Bill Young, why was thrown out so.
Yeah, I just got through we did about five minutes ago. Yes, sir.
For wearing a t-shirt that said support our troops.
But a beep, but a boop, but about and guess what? We just invaded a rack again.
567.056.505.60 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line and Cindy Sheen got arrested and chickens are peeing all over the place and the killer bird for Jesus.
Because then birds are going to get us WQAM. Hello.
Any of you? Yes, sir.
That guy that called in last week regarding man, this he's full of crap. Manon's never said that.
About it is somebody that you like to be on from.
Yeah, he said that anybody decides to know it would be an improvement in the two to six.
Yeah, well, I got news for him.
Mad, mad, if you think that we don't get along me in the mole, my sir or Hankin, mole.
Mad dog hates him like poison, but that's an anguished universal. Why should he be different for anybody else?
You back the back with manage in your state.
Let me say it again. As of the close of business yesterday, I don't really care what they do after two.
I'm just no longer involved. They can put Chinese mizurkas on. I just don't care.
Well, they were smart. They'd have you manage back the back.
Yeah, but you hear what you just said if they were smart.
That's true.
We used to be back to back and he had gigantic. He would carry right on with the big numbers.
We had the ten to two, but I used to.
Used to and would have ensured of that.
That's based on heaven.
Okay.
All right.
Get a little emotional about it.
The voice is cracking.
Should have here.
Let me say it again.
If they put on it, they put on elephants farting for however many are that.
I said that.
You can hear that because that's still in our format because Joyce makes sure we don't put that on here.
So better sound like something.
You guys are on your own. Okay. I did.
Went to bat for yesterday and what I got in return was like a big fart in the face and that was in.
Like whatever we do here, or we're going to go out of our way to ignore it.
And we sure is how I'm going to get involved with that craft.
So that's fine. That's okay.
Be true to your station, man.
Remember that song about a beach boy's beach? Be true to your shoe? Well, they're not.
They're not. They're all in Lala land.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello?
Yes, sir.
Okay. Swarping, I don't understand is.
I don't understand, but so I'm going to be.
Bill Moore said it right when he said I'm pissed off that most people aren't pissed off.
But anyway, I don't understand.
They don't care for most people who are stupid.
Because most of those people that fly the banner support you on troops are in favor of keeping the troops over their dying.
That's what I think support the troops means to get them the hell out of there.
Like for something that matters.
Well, that's what Cindy Sheen said and a lot of other people, but nevertheless what do they know?
But she's a commie.
There you go.
Pinko. Anyway, Neil, I'm enclosing.
Neil, I think they starved the election.
If I sit down, well, he's been thinking about it for a while.
He's finally come to that cartoon.
If I sit down, oh, five sixty, let's get those valuable voting machines in infrared code text before it's too late over there to the hero.
You're right, man. I just, I had like an epiphany,
but the second one was the couple of months.
Yeah, in fact, it popped right in my go with fat ass.
I just, you know, there's nothing I can do.
I've done everything I can and if we get like a 15-year, if they get a one, that's their problem.
You know, nothing I can do about it.
They will not listen to anything that we say from this show.
It's just that we know nothing.
We're the anti-sports crowd.
We're the anti-social crowd. We're the evil ones.
We're, see, we're sporting the party.
You do understand it.
I can't understand it for a long time.
I mean, how many times when parents was like, you know, pretending to be whatever he was,
did he come in there, oh, I, come on, do a sports show.
I would make a joke about doing a sports show.
Oh, come on, do it, do it.
Don't be great, do it.
He would love nothing better than if I were to do it in a sports show every day.
There's about as much chance that my start doing a sports show as there is a clearance to get in a brain between now and next circus.
Okay, then ain't going to happen, sweetheart.
Ain't going to happen.
But we do need to hear a lot more about it.
And if we love the Panthers, they're really great.
Yeah. Thanks by the way, Herlanis, win the other night.
Thank you very much.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Froggy, Jacques Martain.
Interesting how Otto was really kicking ass in the plane wide open now.
Even under old B.M. this year.
Anybody could coach that team, that team.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are we able to watch that our leader last night on TV?
Were you able to stomach it?
I saw about the last 10 minutes and I've cupped my guts up about an hour and a half.
Unbelievable.
And although I cupped my guts at the Democratic response was even worse.
Weep.
Well, yeah, weep.
That's the thing.
Yeah, sad part.
That's the sad part.
Unbelievable.
I do have good news though.
I am out of self-water this summer.
I'm out of here finally.
Congratulations, pal.
Thank you, man.
I won't even ask you where you're going because no matter where it is, you could be go to the Okie-Fenoki Swap.
It would be a major improvement.
Well, that's true.
Good luck to me.
Thank you, too, man.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
I'm out.
I'm honest to goodness.
I mean, and I'll say it again.
This show has been a barometer.
A lot of people resent it.
Oh, no, you're wrong.
You just have a bunch of idiots.
No.
Well, I mean, yeah, no one.
Yes.
It's a barometer.
It's like taking the temperatures, like sticking a thermometer in your zone, taking the temperature of where the community.
And this show has been an accurate reflection of self-order for years and years.
And every time I come back to town, it's worse and worse.
And I look around, I see these people driving, and I say, who are they and what are they?
And what are they thinking about?
And of course, they're not.
What is this all about?
Oh, postal killer may have shot a neighbor before the spree.
Aren't you concerned about that postal thing?
No.
Aren't you going postal?
Yes.
I am, because I'm looking at the Rushland Buzz wife.
I'm not.
5.670.
5.60.
Good choice.
How's that poll coming by the way?
Let's get heavy on that poll.
We've done this about a thousand times.
I'm talking about our poll, not that other piece of third.
Who is the biggest no-tellance celebrity of all time?
640 votes.
Paraselton to 18.
She just off by herself.
Yes.
Rosie O'Donnell 57.
I hate this poll 55.
I've actually sent you 48.
P.B.D. 48.
He can do it.
Adam Savler 18.
Tom Thorey Spelling 15.
I want to say Tom Willing.
Sorry, Tommy.
Arnold Schwarzenegger 15.
Slice the loan 14.
He's running Arnold's ass.
Our city of Hall 13.
J.O. 13.
L.N.D.
January 13.
No talent, Dike.
I mean none.
Ed Sullivan 12.
Ed Solomon.
Brittany Spears 11.
Tony Danes 11.
Snoop Dogg 10.
Can he belt one out or not?
Can her Reeves 10?
Ben Affleck 10.
Wayne Newton 9.
Don Kishin.
Emily Gassi 6.
Madonna 6.
Do you remember the Hank City enjoy the way Newton show in Vegas?
No.
Hank must have his blood sugar must have been way out of kilter that night.
Wuppie Goldberg in Madonna 6.
8.
Lennon 4.
Frank Sinatra 4.
Bob Dylan 4.
Probably Bob Dylan shouldn't have been on there because at least he wrote some great music.
He couldn't sing but had somebody else sing in four.
That's right.
I was young born four Courtney Cox 3.
William Shatner 2.
Gary Moore 1.
And none for Tab Hunter.
Hey Tab!
You're fairy.
Dean Martin or Bruce Willis?
I would have thought Dean Martin was start moving up the list after he played some of an
infant fantastic or clip.
You would have thought but no.
Nothing for Dean.
I think since they turned on Jerry Lewis they kind of like tuned him out of their brain.
Dean Martin.
20 till noon at QNL.
Let's see what's on the rest of the day.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is 5.
16.
Q.
A.
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Sprung!
Drung Bump!
The American Media stood up and took notice when the improvised explosive device in IED
regressally injured in ABC Newscrew on Sunday.
In Iraq and throughout the military, there are sympathy and concern for anchor Bob Woodruff
and cameraman Doug Volt.
It could Canadian boy by the way Doug Volt, but there's also this question.
Why do you think this is such a huge story, wrote in office or stationed in Bakuba, Iraq,
Monday via email?
It's a bit stunning to us over here on absolutely dominant stories on every network
in front page.
I mean, you think we lost the entire first marine division or something.
There's a lot of grumbling from guys that all rights about it, he writes.
That's a really impolite and impolite thing to say, but it's what you would hear over
here.
At least 2245 troops had died in Iraq since the war started 1753 of them killed in action.
Another 16,000 have been injured half of them seriously enough to require evacuations
in the battlefield.
According to the Pentagon, 60% of deaths are the result of IEDs, which have injured more
than 9200 troops, nine times more than gunshots.
The point that's currently being made is that the press folks are more important than mere
military folks, a senior military official told UPI yesterday.
The unavoidable consequence of war is this.
People are savagely wounded and killed.
Soldiers in Iraq watching the coverage on satellite TV and reading the news on the internet
are getting the impression that the press has only just discovered this fact.
Well, haven't they?
It's not quite as simple as that.
Of course, military personnel often express frustration that the media harps on military
casualty reports at the expense of what they consider their successes in Iraq.
However, as it prompted, it promoted its story on Woodruff and Vote Monday evening,
the local ABC News affiliate in Washington showed a montage of exploding vehicles in Iraq,
footage called largely from insurgents, who videotaped the attacks and post them on websites
to advertise or magnify their successes.
The families of the 76 troops killed in 533 wounded in action in Iraq from the District
of Columbia, Virginia and Maryland might say the war had already come home.
It's just a bit frustrating to see something so dramatized that happens every day to some
20-year-old American or worse to 10-30-year-old Iraqis or cops alongside us.
Some of the stories don't even mention Iraqi casualties in this attack as if they're meaningless
or with the officer in Bakuba.
Captain Montgomery, a professor at American University School of Communication, has been
thinking the same thing.
When you see the kind of coverage the story is getting, it draws attention to the lack of
coverage that hundreds of cases don't get, said Montgomery.
Having a personal connection to someone injured or killed on the battlefield is relatively
a rare experience for journalists.
Fewer than 1% of the US population is part of the military.
Very few reporters have served.
The war is comfortably distant until a fellow journalist is affected.
It could have been you.
It could have been me, we think.
The full way the war is hard to comprehend until it happens to you or someone you know
or someone like you.
Incidents like the serious wounding of Woodruff are rare.
It's never happening forward to any anchor person for any of the US TV networks.
Consequently, it had a significant event for a value.
News value.
But many journalists have been injured and killed covering the current conflict in Iraq.
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, 61 have died from hostile actions since March
2003.
Many of them are Iraqi or Arab and therefore unfamiliar.
That compares to 66 journalists killed during the entire Vietnam War, currently Freedom
Form.
Now, who was David Bloom from NBC News that used to work on Channel 4 down there?
That sounds about right.
That's right.
He died from a like a heart blood clot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sit where you are.
And that was a long time ago.
That was after that whole business about the embedded.
He embedded the prop propaganda spreading embedded the journalists because he had walked around
a mover.
And March and Weston there, he got that clot and all of a sudden about a being and that
was in to him.
Total needlessly, totally and again.
And when I watched, I only did watch the last ten minutes and I wasn't going to watch
any of it.
But I watched the Democrats, you know, after the Republicans, we got like, every time
Bush farted or like a reason I brought it.
And here the Democrats very reluctantly, but all standing up to just to make sure that
the camera saw that they weren't there, you know, only a couple of times from what I
was heard.
And they said afterward because I didn't watch the earlier part, only a couple of times
that they not stand up.
Like we said, let's kill all the fags.
They didn't stand up.
That was bad for business.
Or it's like, you know, let all the, you're talking with people started it.
They didn't stand up for that.
Then make you want to puke.
Yeah.
No balls, baby.
That's the problem in this world.
So few people would ball.
That's why people like Cindy Sheen and Michael Moore, they get to trash all the time.
You know, a smear and smear.
Oh, they're communist.
They're sympathizing with the enemy.
Just smear and smear, man.
Anybody's God.
There's to open up their mouth.
Paul and Neil.
Same thing.
Oh, we use the classified documents in that book is we're going to send him to death
Roa.
Shut him up real fast.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We're having our very intellectual discussion about the president and the state of the
Union and rest in a very weak, weak need democratic response last night.
We're going to break it down.
Democratic response was very much like the QAM sports crew.
Impotent.
Somebody QAM?
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, man?
All right, Pali.
Yeah, actually, I was calling in at the same time that I was talking to the one that's
leaving South Florida.
Yeah, I was calling in and telling you the exact same thing.
I'm out of here.
Excellent.
Yeah, born and raised in Hollywood and I'm 29 years old.
I was 29 years too long.
Yeah, you're here about 50 years too young to be living there.
I'm out of here, man.
Get my family out of here.
Good luck, Pali.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks.
Congratulations.
People getting out there.
They can smell the daffodils, man.
Oh, it's a smell of death.
Especially in Hollywood where he is.
Well, you're in Hollywood.
Can you smell the death?
Depends on which way the wind's blowing.
Oh, man.
Oh, I don't want to see that.
I pray that women should continue at any depressive.
You said that big pooping there?
No, I was a chocolate pooping.
Listen, I cannot stand the sight of Mrs. Lindblom.
Oh, that's right.
Let me turn over to the MSNBC.
OK, they probably got somebody more palatable on there.
In fact, what are they showing?
Broken borders.
They're showing all of them illegal aliens pouring across illegal aliens.
I do like those comments.
That was also an last part I've seen last night.
I didn't see any part of it.
Thank you.
Well, I saw only the last 10 minutes.
And once I turned it on, I was only...
The only reason I stayed with it is because I was curious to see the response of the peanut
gallery there.
And I should have liked...
Although he made...
Just as I was turning on, he made some comment about me and Bill Clinton.
You know, when they showed Hillary and she had kind of like...
Like she just smelled a bad fart that kind of looked on her face.
You mean that what she always has?
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, exactly.
That's the one.
Like that real sour look.
Like some 600 pound chocolate leaf.
And he just farted in front of her.
Ooh, like that.
560-705-60 pound 5-60 or maybe she wasn't pounded time worth a QA and that might have had
something to do with it.
Have that sour look on your face?
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I just want to thank you, if I may.
Welcome.
And forming me of the news and what's going on in the real world out there because I just
can't stomach watching it on TV.
You're listening it.
You know, it's just you, you're it.
You're the...
I'm in the source, baby.
I'm in the source and we're...
I hate that thing.
I am going to be on 24-7.
I'm going to be on 26-8.
How do you like that?
Well, now because you definitely deserve your well vacations and all the pain you have, but I've been listening to you for 20 years.
Wow.
I have to say I get...
Get most of it for you.
A lot of good stuff, a lot of bad stuff to need to hear.
And...
We need to hear the bad stuff.
Yeah, but there's to be a lot more symbi-cans out there for sure.
You said it, honey.
You said it.
I just don't understand why these people are poor or anything.
I just...
I'm baffled.
But also, somebody with no talent and it was just a disgusting pig.
I can't figure it out.
It's corny blood.
I just...
Maybe it's a guy.
I don't know.
What are you doing?
You...
I...
We have Courtney Cox out there, but not Courtney Love.
So let's put Courtney Love on her.
Get that out there, Josh Wright-O-Waiters one.
She was a disgusting pig.
Amen.
And thank you again for...
Courtney Love, now she's got her nose for news.
Oh, yeah.
I want to be on your nose for a second.
Exactly.
Have a great day.
Maybe she's the one that's farted in front of Hillary last night.
Have a great day.
566-705-60, pound 5-60 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Lime.
We're just rolling along, taking 4,000, 5,000 calls every day now.
That's my new deal.
All right.
Get a lot of these calls in here.
Now, he's stupid as, sitting here, telling time reading a newspaper articles on the air.
And those intellectual people from across the street, they don't want to hear that.
Of course, they are listening, but they...
You know, they're going to be shutting them off like my old mailman, Rick.
They're reaching for the dial right now.
They can't quite reach it or the dial either.
They're reaching for it.
Who the hell are you people kidding?
God.
And the proof of the pudding is that yesterday, you can be damn sure that the Jews imposed in the Frittata and Omelet.
They were banging away too on that poll.
And they got 146 votes to our 891.
They really...
And that's probably the whole audience who voted twice.
Who are they kidding?
But, yes, you know, they're feeling their oats and they're thinking,
Hey, that roggers.
He said they're throwing in the towel over there.
We really...
Yeah, right.
I feel you, Rick.
And they are.
They are.
And Clarence has said, and they're having George come and explain to him what...
You know, who's on first and what's it all about?
That was...
You can ask Josh.
I kept asking, what is he in there for?
What is that all about?
Just talking...
Talking crap, man.
Talking trash.
You could be talking to the janitor and have a more intellectual radio conversation.
You're talking about radio, not about sports.
Don't you understand the difference?
You're talking about broadcasting, broadcasting, like Lanyl Mottens.
Broadcasting, like Mike Rosenthal, broadcasting, like Gilbert, a broadcasting.
That's it.
So I got to do it ball games.
Now what's I got to do with the Super Bowl?
And most importantly, what the hell has it got to do with that?
With that big-headed goofball, huh?
Got it.
His head is bigger than some planets in the solar system.
I guarantee you, I will guarantee you when that damn thing they sent up,
it's going to take nine years to get there and it's going to cost billions of dollars already.
When that gets to Pluto, they're going to see it's just the size of Shack's head.
Oh, it's bigger than your anus.
And that's what you think.
You ain't seen my anus lately.
Has it gotten bigger?
No.
Who is it?
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Hello, have you heard the little house there show on the series?
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Talk about stale news.
Q-Y-M.
There's no mow on the outfankin show.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Q-Y-M, hello.
Q-Y-M, hello.
Yes, behind my name is James.
I'm calling about your we need actual salespeople who can actually sell advertisements.
You got it?
You got it heard?
Who can actually sell advertising?
I don't think we have any of those.
Thank you.
Well, you're good.
Yeah, we are every day.
That's a matter of fact.
Yeah, James, every day we're hiring.
Okay, if we just hired 75 people who are voting the bitch,
they find young lady from the Ford Mercy Viral Beach,
who told me that she used to sell my show when I was on a station up there in Viral Beach.
That she sold you, chunks of you.
No, that's what she said this morning.
She used to sell my show when I was on her station in Viral Beach.
I said, honey, I was never, yeah, in Viral Beach.
It's not exactly my idea of what I'm shooting for, you know.
Well, maybe it was when you were syndicated in Viral Beach.
Oh, you never, never syndicated there.
And it took me about 10 times to convince her, hey, I was not on your station lady.
You never sold my show.
You haven't got a clue what you're talking about.
And there wasn't an on your station, okay?
Maybe she's in the other deal right now.
I'm sure it was.
I am, right.
Could have been the other deal right now.
Probably Neil Boards.
You know, Neil Boards, do they?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Listen, he's Democrat.
Just call some medicine, earth.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is there a drill bit, small enough to drill a glory hole for you?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
They have drilled this.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Martha Stewart on your pole.
Martha Stewart, man.
She got the talent or what?
Neil, to this day, I swear I couldn't tell you what the hell she's known for other than just being fake.
She's known for baking cookies and going to do her cookies.
You're her cookies, I didn't say.
Sugar cookies, you know.
That's not funny.
Good choice.
Okay, and that's sure her is that you're fired at it, Martha.
How long now?
That's about five minutes.
Yes, she got fired.
You're not here.
Huh?
She got fired at it.
You fired it, Martha.
You're out.
Go back to the wheel.
Do not pass a code.
Do not collect 200 cookies whenever.
Cut it.
Cut it.
Hey, in fact, I'll tell you another one.
That's Oprah.
Speaking of that nice book club she's got going.
All I'm phony.
Oh, I didn't know when I filled the trade and all your stupid housewives out there that listen to the crap.
Man, and that right there, that should tell you all you need to know about America is the fallen at that bitch's guy.
Doesn't matter.
It's just like when the priests get busted with their hands down the kids pants.
Oh, it was just an, you know, isolated incident.
Faith, faith, people.
Let me say it again.
All your parents out there don't press your kids to a guy to wear his address.
I could be dream of when I tell you that, but that's just my feeling of love.
That area you know about.
Yeah, I know all about that stuff.
WQAM, hello.
And when you say that area, are you talking about between the public and the need, the solicited area?
QAM.
QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, so we're super tired.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, we haven't heard from him in a long time.
WQAM, hello.
We're broke back now and the gay agenda's being set in motion.
You better get used to it, Valley.
Get the lotion for your motion.
WQAM, hello.
Dance to it, man.
Now, now that's bad.
Oh, we're fried.
I didn't like that.
Maybe Danny's the one of his relatives listening.
He's coming up with dance to it.
Yeah, dance to it, died.
Okay, it happens to the worst of us.
He's dead.
We won't be hearing from him no more.
Well, actually, we're fine.
We're fine.
He said that's a good thing we memorialized him with that.
Oh, we're fine.
Just like the guy that said, he's been dead for years now.
And then he died.
He said that and then he looked up to his promise.
He died up to his promise.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hey, in response to your...
And I'm just here to say, everybody's still alive.
Yeah.
You know what's the scratchy voice?
Yeah, I know Larry Bach's box.
That's how Larry answered the phone.
Yeah, he's still doing good.
Well, that's good.
I told him you were at the bottom of the other day in the show.
Now, you want to learn his boyfriends or what?
No, no, no, none of that.
Okay.
All right, okay, baby.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Larry Bach's just still has good ears.
Best regards, Larry.
Bach's.
He just got a gravely voice.
That's all.
One of those things.
He's a good guy.
Never stole a freight train.
How many votes we got on our poll?
You know something?
It's a relief that I don't have to keep going back and checking
that stupid other thing.
And there was a lot of work yesterday.
And I thought I had a cup of something.
I was all...
See, then there's the thing that was deflating.
It was deflating because I felt like,
man, we should have put them in an air place.
We kicked their ass.
We were handing the baton off there to the bullmeister at two with his big and mookow
in front of the university, Doug, and thinking, man, oh, man, we're going to just
paste a wall with our ass.
And then that was the end of that.
And throughout the day, I'd come in here in the 8.91 turned into like 903 and 905.
And there 146 turned into like 357 and 5.28 and said,
and I'm thinking, there's something that I'm not going on over there.
You know what I'm saying?
Somebody dropped the balls.
Well, in night and while they're wasting their time plugging that poll,
we were doing important things.
Yeah, that's right.
And what else?
And don't forget about that Super Bowl.
This is Neil Rogers.
Set a Homeland Security Tom Ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio
when I raised the warning color to Bing for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
Give Grandma a grandpa the gift of today's hottest music with Senior Bob.
I got no mind.
I used to use a golden age and come streamer too.
Imagine when the brookies are seen.
Your Bob features the greatest hits sung by the greatest generation.
I walk this empty strip on the boulevard home broken.
Senior Bob covers all your favorite artists like that wicker snapper M&M.
Those catchy Nancy boys winked 182 and those brazen young hussies, the pussy cat dolls.
Don't show it, Charlie.
Life rides.
Hush like me.
Don't show.
We're gonna show.
Speak not the pan-herium.
Senior Bob is not available in stores that the band from the nursing home drives to.
Still call now.
There are many hills.
Let's swear I wonder.
Return.
Return.
Return.
Return.
Come on, do it.
12-to-1 at 5.50 WQA.
I am happy.
Happy Wednesday, February 1.
5.607-05-60.
It's all called Wednesday, baby.
I do have a few more things in my file, but you know something these calls are so damn illuminating, aren't they?
They are.
I like them.
5.607-05-60.
Pound 5-60 and the Verizon singular wireless line.
We got a ball game tonight?
No, we don't.
Good.
WQA.
I'm hello.
Take away.
Take away.
Take away.
Return.
Return.
Return.
Return.
Return.
Return.
Return.
Return.
I am like Linda.
That was Linda.
Or Ed Burns.
And we화를 Yes, she was Linda.
Either that or Don Johnson.
5.607-05-60.
We're analyzing last nights.
Address spot.
Your president.
And believe you me, this was a crowd we're hearing from today, that was their president.
Make no mistake about that.
And then of course the phenomenal, wik need democratic response.
Count 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line.
Nobody QAM, hallowed.
Don't forget to make the filter where it dorps in February 5.
Where everything tasted the same. I don't know they stole a silverware of dust.
Remember that it pines in the pines in whatever. That was a long time ago.
Yeah, long ago, dust smorgasbord, where everything was like mushi. It was good for the old farce who had like gummed their food.
They have any teeth to eat at dust. Duff. The spaghetti tasted like the mashed taters and the custard tasted like the gel. It was fabulous.
Oh, somebody Q. I. M. Hello. How was that movie broke my back into glory hole?
W. Q. I. M. Hello.
Now, yeah, I know Grace got to have something to do while he's in his underwear.
You know what you said yesterday was wondering around the building is underwear handed out the arbitrary books?
Well, I didn't say his underwear, somebody else. Somebody's W. Q. I. M. Hello.
Hey, it's them. I'm going to need that bat line number. Go ahead and get me with it.
W. Q. I. M. Hello. Hello, Neil is Dr. Phil on your pole.
Oh, it's your Phil. They're like boys and he'll go zooming up there. Every time we do one of these negative pulls, he does very well.
He should wind this one hand down.
Okay, thank you. Hands down your pants. Yeah, we've done this pull about 45,000 times, but I already told you to read it.
And I did it. And that's okay. I make no apologies for it.
Now this is what I picked her up today. Huh? This is what you can't do to often.
And we never had Ed Solomon on there before. So let's see. James says look at his J who actually likes this show. I can't believe that we have one.
One for the pool. I guess it's borderline. If you oh, yeah, she has no talent. And she's 57 years old.
Van a white. He says, I guess it's borderline. If she'd be considered celebrity, but no, she's a big celebrity. All right. You could meet Pat and Vanna.
They're bigger than Halavai in Jerusalem, man. Once upon a time, I considered Pat and Vanna, but that was, you know, 30 years ago.
No one has ever made as much money with his little talent as Van a white. Before the technology boom, she used to do a little work by physically turning letters.
But now all the bitch does is touch the screen. She just touches it and lights up at what she doesn't really have to touch it either.
But you know, it's just for show. It's like when you get a spin and we go to fortune and like at the slots.
It's just to show because the computer already decides going to give you like 25. Oh, G 25 again.
She must have a shiny golden horseshoe show. But because no one has been luckyer than this dumb bitch says, Jay, when I see her, I throw up in my mouth a little bit. Kind of like Dan Rather.
Thank you, Jay. Here's a guy that actually still likes to show. We got one. We got one. Now we're building man. We got one.
We love that. The Orogers about. See, this is probably all month long.
The month of February is for my 30th anniversary in a market on March one. We're going to be getting nothing but hate all month.
We just fine. You know, let it out. I understand. I can handle it. I'm getting paid a lot of money to accept your venom and spewed them.
5 6 7. I feel a lot better though putting on MSNBC, even though they really have a crappy a new staff on there.
Yeah, but they don't have at least they don't have Dana Bash and they don't have Mrs. Limbaugh.
They don't have the one I can't take a rename all the while. That's on the afternoon.
And they don't have the situation run with Wolf Blitzkrieg. Well, he is evil man. It really is easy.
This country can dramatically improve our environment. That's for damn sure about getting your ass out there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon and singular wireless life. Finally, I think I finally shaken the QM goldrums.
I finally come to my senses just forget about all of it.
Ask now what they're going to do for us because we already know the answer. It's going to be a big O. Nothing.
All we do like the big rock solid. Oh, and I mean the audience does too.
Last time I checked the last night he was doing okay. He was the least hated.
Okay. WQAM. Hello.
Nearly never Sweden House on this game. Goldberg.
I beg your pardon. I said, do you remember the Sweden House on this game?
Yeah, I remember the Sweden House, but why not doing that? No more. Okay. Let's say I yesterday is full.
I remember it. Big yellow sign. Sweden House. Schmorg is worried. I remember it. Hey, remember what I remember a lot of other things on this game.
Goldberg that were a lot tastier. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? All right. A couple of quick points. It's very frustrating to see.
Late last year, the Democrats had bush up against the ropes with the whole baller plane situation.
They were all coming out in units and saying that bush live. Bush live.
I want to talk about the Jack Abramov situation and what about the do-cutting hand situation and what about the Scooter Libby situation and what about the beep, but about all these things.
Yeah, but the point is that they have the whole opinion of Kenny Boylay and all these guys.
Right. They were all in units and saying that bush live. But then when the American people said, what would we do next?
This one said this. This one said that. That's right. Because the Democrats can't get their act together. That's right.
And then when you see last night when Bush is walking in, which I didn't watch the whole thing, I just thought of first part.
You see these Democrats and even the black congressional caucus kissing along the cheek and shivering.
Yeah. And now what the most obnoxious one was, this Mary Landrun and Mary Blanco there from Melusiana.
They were patting them on the back after this speech and kissing his ass. It was disgusting man.
It's pathetic and these guys are so outraged and they see what he goes into the country.
It is like we have we have no chance. I'm only birds are just giving up with Democratic Party. There's nothing else left.
There you go. Amen. We're just enjoying your life, man. It's all I can tell you.
Now I'm killing myself right now. All right. Good luck to you. Let's see on the other side.
Don't touch. Don't touch. Don't touch.
I got news for a Democratic Party ain't worth killing yourself for. Believe you me. They're killing me.
They're killing all of us. Weak need, bunch of whims.
It's just like our sports people are on QA. I'm weak need. No fighting them. It's no no combativeness.
And last that man, thank God I didn't see only more than that last 10 minutes.
I thought I'd then it would be over with already. I thought it was safe to like flip by CNN.
And there he was when I went on forever. He went past 10 o'clock. I believe.
Oh brother. It was really and who's this bitch? They got an MSNBC with a frizzy here.
Who shoot from drama from that gap there? They're like the amateur hour.
You know it. Poor Keith O'Leberman. He actually won once every two weeks. He does a pretty interesting show.
Nine minutes after noon at five sixty the beast has lost them nine pounds. He's on a way to get in good shape for that wedding this summer.
And you can do the same because balance for life is done at again. Just in time for Valentine's day.
Pant for your significant other and yourself at the same time with delicious gourmet meals and snacks delivered every day for less than 20 bucks a day.
Now this new deal I got going for is the double deal. And if you sign up now, balance for life will give you the book. What's what to eat in the zone?
The secrets of the zone diet with recipes and helpful hints by Dr. Barry Sears and Brian Sears.
Now you and your spouse friend or a coworker can both share the benefits and convenience of the zone diet.
You'll both get your choice of two meals and a total of two snacks, two bottles of water and two utensil packs.
That's a real double deal and delivery right to your door. Of course in that little black sack is included.
Besides enjoying the weight loss and health benefits of balance for life, you can really enjoy the convenience too.
If you know you're going out to dinner, you can choose to eat just breakfast and lunch. You can choose to eat your two meals per day anytime that you want.
And don't forget, balance for life is the only service that lets you choose your meals they give you a menu every week and you pick out exactly what you'd be wanting.
So grab a friend right now and call to get signed up and start receiving meals and get the book what to eat in the zone and start watching that ugly, debilitating fat just slide right off your fat ass.
Call balance for life at 866-225-4543. That's 866-225-4543 around the web balanceforlife.com.
This is meal Rogers. This is 5.69 AF.
Florida Panthers hockey all the product drops here. 5.9 against the Atlanta Freshers.
Trimming by Jamlex. The coverage starts at 7 with Panthers bringing it right here.
Sports radio 5.60. QA.
You.
Tonight on an all new sleeping with the stars.
Okay, Bobby. You selected the jungle room. Now let's see which celebrity is waiting for you in bed.
Welcome, B. Arthur. I thought you were deaf.
Don't let the smell fool your honey discoled and girl it's gonna rock your world.
Oh boy, see the stars. You haven't seen in a long time. In a way you never won. It's a see- them.
So, Richard Dawson, what you've been up to.
Oh, hello, my dear. Welcome to my laptop.
It will, it will, please. It will, it will.
Sleeping with the stars. They used to be on television. Now, they're on top of you.
Connie Stevens. I had a crush on you when I was 12. Now, you're crushing me.
It's a little bit of nostalgia and a whole lot of nasty. Sleeping with the stars.
From 13 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M. Happy Wednesday to the 1st of February. Man, I got a whole new altitude now.
I don't let me have here off. All right.
It's your job. Stereo is straight. Wait till Josh tells you about that whole deal here.
Okay. You 10 years? No.
Oh well. I'll, you'll blow your brains out.
Very sad and again, I'm beginning to see that that whole, you know, people tell you stuff, but it beat, but it moved, but about it.
And then don't turn up to be what they tell you what it was.
5.6705.60, 0.560, leave a rising and singular. Wireless line.
L. Presidente, your thoughts, positive or negative? Let's do a last-minute or positive or negative pull.
What do you say? How's it going, blah, blah, blah? And by the way, you were right.
God was the ever right. But what? Not about cats, but about this business, you know, about wrestling.
You've been to judgment about this one or that one or whatever. It all smells the same, you know?
Well, when you fall in a septic tank at all, they all smell pretty much the same, just a different, different degree.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I've been looking for that thing you play with sounds like a nursery rhyme or two-dissongs.
It sounds like they're going to say forbidden words and then they don't.
Yeah.
And I can't find it for the life of me.
What do you mean you've been looking for? We've been looking like in the, in the garage or in the attic?
We're even looking for it. I don't understand what you mean you've been looking for.
Online, I've been trying to find it. Line wire.
There's all sorts of sources I've been trying to go for.
You don't mean this, do you?
You mean that?
There was an old farmer who had an ear out.
Is that it?
That's it.
Oh, okay. Well, guess what?
What?
You found it.
There was an old farmer who lived on an ear out.
He's had in the middle just shaping his fists at some boy who worked down by the crypt.
There'd be in the water, there's hands on there marbles and play things and at that pass-more.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dark.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling repucing litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark.
He looked like a man with a sidel ball home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her fun lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to this.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy.
So tastely made of butter, scotch.
And then he'd spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go put yourself a toothless.
Across 16C he's been looking for a disbounded.
This is the place you're looking for it. This is where you'll find it.
And if we can't find it, we'll find it.
And I'll give you an example of that.
You know, they can come up with all the eventum on this bomb.
Probably the great code text is where most of them him and the master.
And that's fine.
But the one thing they can't come up with, and we got over here, okay,
that they'll never do for here in the many years.
You know what it is? An audience? Well, beside that.
Right, right.
Babu, Babu. He's only on her about what, 4,000 times?
Now we're talking Steve Wassarding, MacGallon.
MacGallon. And what's the name of his business?
Bexel.
Bexel corporate.
He's actually the big cheese over there.
I don't know if I have on the ice very red.
I see. In the spirit of time when he's not writing a lot of business,
well, now what do they do? What kind of business is that?
I'm not sure. Crazy people.
People like that. Heavy machinery. Something I haven't done.
Really? Well, I think maybe he's been steering too much heavy machinery.
Babu, Babu, Babu.
See, that's the sound that heavy machinery makes.
Maybe that's why it's like...
Babu, Babu, Babu.
Oh, yeah.
So you guys may have all your misfits, but you never,
that's our misfit, okay?
They can hurt you.
They're just jealous.
That the garage is here.
What the crap? He just...
Yeah, right.
They can have Ron and Gilbert and Reverend Jim.
Not any. Not any.
Yeah, we'll make you a package deal, okay?
We'll give you Ron and Gilbert and the guy with the ice.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy. That's the guy with the eye eye eye eye eyes.
And his David Cassidy blow up doll.
How many QYM? Hello?
Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy?
Okay, Pally.
Good. Neil, I got a question for you.
Am I any... So, I know you're a big, competent open.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, I needed to know if maybe I can have a couple of minutes of your time
and just answer your opinions.
Well, what about what?
Okay, I go to the track almost every single racing night.
No, I've been going there.
What's that?
I said, yeah, full of his money are soon parted.
Go ahead.
I know it's...
If this is going to be about harness racing,
it's going to be a very short call, my friend.
No, it's not. It's actually...
What is it about?
It's about losing your ass at the track?
No, well, almost that, but like I said, Neil,
I've been going there for six years.
Yeah.
And I was actually told...
I was actually thrown off the track the other night.
Good. Well, that's a good idea. I'm glad.
5-6-7. I scored Dick Feinberg in this Steve Wolfenweber
else through this turret off the track.
5-6-7. Oh, 5-6-D.
And you better watch it because Bruce Drainier
is going to be a real danger if you're mess with him.
And Wally Hennessey.
Oh, he knows all the right people.
He gives some of those guys from Nova Scotia down to kick your ass.
Anybody know what I'm talking about?
No, no.
And that's why they're grabbed. That's why they gravitate toward this show.
They can talk all the crap they want, but they're fascinated.
They're obsessed. They're obsessed because they haven't even got any idea what language I'm speaking.
5-6-7. Oh, 5-6-D.
But what about that?
Yeah. How about that Super Bowl?
Words talking Steelers.
Yeah, I don't know. I couldn't care less.
You know, I don't like the Steelers. I don't like the Seahawks.
I guess being an A-patriot guy should probably refer to the AFC.
What do you think, Josh?
Yeah, I know.
Yes. I mean, you hate the Steelers.
I don't really hate the Steelers.
I mean, I hate them when they're playing the Patriots, of course.
But then, I don't know. I mean, Seattle to me, like leaves me limp, you know?
I like the City. I might be rooting for them.
No, no, I'm not talking about the City. I've never been there.
But I'm just talking about the team, like, I don't know.
They're neither fish nor foul to me.
The AFC in favor of the OAS.
I mean, so many marginal, you know, the Redskins, the Fony Ballonion, the Giants.
Oh, my God. And that Peyton Manning's a sister, the quarterback.
Oh, brother.
You know what I'm saying?
AFC doesn't deserve to. The AFCs wear B.I.
Wouldn't you agree?
We got the Dolphins. They're going to go 16.
Oh, you'll say, kind of on defeated this evening, Dolphins.
And they're going to put it on the other place.
What are we going to do then?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
Your take on the Super Bowl, on George W. Bush, on the incredibly weak Democratic response
from at the Fruit Face Governor of Virginia.
Boy, he was lame.
Dominic Q.A. Ann, hello.
Hey, Mel.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if she fits the celebrity part, but I know she's no talent.
How about Rita Cosby?
She's a celebrity, man. She's big, and I'm SNBC, and she can't speak.
A good one. Thank you.
Rita Cosby.
She can't speak.
Maybe we can put her on instead of Lennie Martez.
What do you think?
Or maybe we'll let him martez.
I'll take Lennie. He looks better.
Yeah, that's true.
Oh, God. She may not be able to speak, but she sure is how to look to it.
That she's proud.
What a cow.
She's a cow.
She's a nasty snag.
I know.
My God. Even Carl Molden would Israel and over in his grave, he can't believe it.
Is he still alive? Did we figure out our world?
He's dead.
I don't know.
I'm going to go up again.
His nose lives on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
New little Google on Carl Molden.
He was an all fall down with Brandon Newwilder.
He's still Google.
Or in baby was in there.
Yeah, he's still alive.
Carl Molden, I told you.
In fact, he's probably doing some of them American distress spots.
He was in the streets of San Francisco in Michael Lugris when some of us actually liked
Michael Lugris before he decided he was a sex pot.
A sex symbol.
Maybe somebody told him he was.
Well, he, he haven't only believed it.
Even that Catherine Zita Jones.
Exactly.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Oh, you know how you're doing.
All right, Pallie.
You know, I used to wonder after visiting Germany.
I used to wonder, how did this happen?
How did World War II happen?
How does the Nazis take power?
Really easy.
Take a look at what's going on right now.
They say never again, again.
Exactly.
And I said something.
If he had said last night that we're launching a massive nuclear strike against the whole
rest of the world, people would have sat there and said, yeah, right on.
They were going to say, what's the American idol on?
That's what they would have said.
Exactly.
It's amazing.
It's happening all over again.
We don't know.
I think describes the behavior of American people right now.
Idol.
IDLE.
Hi, Riospo, Idol.
I think all the fast food has just rolled up into the soup.
That must be it.
I think it was those crispy creams, man.
I think so.
Turned out green's the mush.
Unbelievable.
I can't believe I see it happening.
And we're also stupid.
And everybody just follows along like sheep.
Just like they did in Nazi Germany.
And I know the fact that the Nazis told them, or were defending the fatherland.
All those people in the concentration camps, they're insurgents.
It would just went on and on.
And there you go.
It's happening all over again.
It came to you, baby.
Take a wrap.
It was a lot of dead people rallying around.
And nobody cares.
Good luck to us, Pellie.
Go help God help us.
We love the viewers.
Okay.
Ghost dealers.
There you go.
We love the stealers.
They're really great.
And that Bill Cower.
Got a look on his post.
He's a scary guy.
He's got that look of a crazy person out of face.
Yeah.
That jawed just out.
And you think, oh, are you going to kill somebody right now?
Bill Cower.
As opposed to my home room, it was just a big fat guy, but I must say.
Don't you find him to be?
I don't know.
He don't look like a football coach to me.
He had great success in Green Bay and now in Seattle.
Like home room.
You like him, Josh or not?
Yeah, I think it's fine.
He's okay.
I mean, he didn't know Dan LeBasterd or Dave Wandsdam.
That's who can be.
Exactly.
The Wandsdam era man is big ballies.
And he'll jump it on the bad way.
And we're going to kiss a man now.
They got the next statement era and they won six in a row, including that fixed game
against the Patriots.
And it's going to really be great.
And we're going to like, yeah.
Just keep talking to yourself.
You know, living in the past, just like those make-believe fans up here.
What are these suck?
They are pathetic.
Let's talk some hockey.
What do you say?
Come on, Jodie.
WQA, I'm hockey central.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil.
How you doing, sir?
I have a problem with this and I don't understand.
It's worth all the people who went through like the Vietnam War.
How come like no one's, you know, they went through it.
It's kind of like, they're saying, man, convenient all the timers.
They all forgot.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We're going through the same damn thing all over again.
It looks like the nobody's protesting.
You can see it on the news.
Yeah, we got about 10 people in protest.
I hope they can all want to show it to you.
Yeah, I know.
Like I saw born in the fourth of July.
It was just amazing.
It's like the same exact thing.
Yeah, but since the Scientologist, we got a whole of Tom Cruise.
The things just happened to see him again.
All right.
I'm still waiting for them, bumper stickers, Neil.
I'm here.
Good luck, palmy.
Yeah, he's waiting.
Hold your breath.
We post stories every now and again about the guy from born on the fourth of July,
Ron Coveick and everything.
Right.
You won't see it on the mainstream media.
Of course not.
Because that's bad for business.
He's one of the Amcami Pinko protestors, man.
He's bad for troop morale.
Don't you understand?
Bad for troop morale.
Just like our sports people are bad for my morale after yesterday.
I'll tell you.
What they pulled on me, what they did to me yesterday,
even Hitler would have considered to be above and beyond the call.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't take it personally now.
No, he, uh, he, uh, right.
I did take it personally.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm stuck to my back.
You're like, I'm going to stab you the heart.
No, you're missing.
Leave me out there hanging on the limb.
Like, oh, well, we don't care about that stupid thing.
We're not going to, you know, you're overthinking it.
If you would just take a look at the intellectual responses on a Dan Gregg Kotex blog on it,
then you don't understand this strictly for morons, you know.
And like I said, my name isn't even on the pool.
I have nothing to do with their pool.
And yet they're obsessed.
You thought Joey Reynolds was obsessed.
You thought Dickie Farkel was obsessed.
They're all obsessed.
And you know what they're obsessed with?
That's right.
And the more they claim that they hate the longer they listen.
Their length of listenership is like 80 hours a week and I'm only on for like 20.
Well, they got the tapes.
They're taping over and over.
They're going online.
They're listening.
They're all, they're, they can't get enough of it.
It is so bad.
It's always going to make it all that money.
Yeah.
Yamama.
26 past noon at QAM.
We got some good stuff coming up later on today.
I think I don't know what it is, but boy, it's going to be good.
If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid,
if your New Year's resolution is a great high-paying career,
get out of that rut that you're in.
Get yourself a life by getting a real career, some real training.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train right now at 866 Fast Train.
And they'll get you a train already for a great new high-paying career.
And just a matter of months, just a few short months can change your life around.
The demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
Fast Train offers convenient day, evening and weekend classes,
job placement, assistance, and financial aid for people to qualify too.
So pick up the phone right now and get yourself some training so you can have a job with some real cash.
And then you can go out there and find a life with a search party.
Call Fast Train 1-866 Fast Train.
They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005.
Check Fast Train on the web at fastrain.com.
But act now to get that new high-paying career because their classes are filling up mighty fast.
They'll miss that train of opportunity this year, half a board, like Chris Moore would say.
Hot Dog, half a board.
Remember when he said that?
That was so.
Half a board this year by calling 866 Fast Train.
And this year make the New Year's resolution a reality by getting a big career.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Hot Dog, half a board.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-2-A-1 Solid.
A lot of pop little boys.
From the producers of ABC's Scythe by Taylor Invasion,
comes a show about even scarier, more diabolical, Jared.
The government has denied their existence for years.
But they're here, among us, in your town,
even in your own home, just waiting for you, jumping up the phone.
George Woodstar says the listener in invasion of privacy.
Hello, this is Gustav Arsabart.
What is being your question and your problem with your product and their service, please?
Yes, he might be just crashing.
I don't have it.
Did you hear that?
Yes, I am doing a gig at this wedding.
Is someone else there on the line?
No. Who is this?
Yes, I do.
Don't worry, Steve. It's just me, your president.
Don't mind me.
Mr. President, what's going on?
And how did you know my name?
Oh, I know a lot about you.
I like your nickname, his Bubba,
and your order, Pete, say, have a Friday night.
What?
Let's see, here.
Looks like you missed a few payments on that student loan, there, Bubba.
I can't believe this.
You can't do this.
Thank you, Ann, there, Bubba.
Oh, you must have been on right-hand indignation.
Watch it there, Hodgie.
But tell us, New Denny.
But this is where the being in private's got it.
A private overseas call, there, bootaboy.
I am not that bonus there, I am Hingo.
I don't care if you're Shamu.
Don't mess with Texas, son.
Because I got a predator drone.
Circling 38-51, Calcutta Court right now.
So watch it, buddy.
Invasion of privacy tonight at Rick's R&D
over civil rights station on ABC.
From 31 to 5-60, all the freedoms all the time, inter-grid-almet tubes.
Samoledo, yesterday gets confirmed.
That's it. Bye-bye.
Kiss your grass goodbye.
I heard it.
Kiss your grass goodbye.
I told the cast.
Speaking of gay, governor Chris Greg Warr, whatever her name is,
signed a gay civil rights bill in law in the state of Washington yesterday.
Those law may be held in limbo, if opponents are successful in forcing a referendum.
They're going to hold it, they're going to be doing limbo rock in the tea room
while they're looking for them glory holes.
The major adds sexual orientations to the state law that bans discrimination in housing,
employment, insurance, and credit.
See that's part of the gay agenda.
The amendment passed by and they're going to give everybody their own power drill.
They're going to be glory holes in every public building on sidewalks, you name it.
The amendment patent and the worm is going to turn, man.
You'll see.
Passed by the legislature on Friday makes Washington the 17th state
to pass the law covering gays and lesbians and the 7th to protect transgendered people.
The law's schedule will take effect in June 90 days after the end of the legislative session.
However, it would be frozen until November vote if opponent Tim Iman,
that's Iman the Pymon gets enough signatures by the June 7 deadline for referendum.
In addition to seeking a removing sexual orientation of the law,
Iman is pushing an initiative that would prohibit state government from requiring quotas
or other preferential treatment for any person who grew based on sexual orientation or sexual preference.
You don't like them faggots.
They like that.
They don't like you.
They're the faggots.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Look at that fool, man.
Dead is a door now.
Look at that.
Looky, looky, here comes cookie.
What's that all about?
Haven't been taking any calls all day.
What are you talking about?
I'm taking calls up the old yin-yin, man.
You're taking more calls today.
We haven't about a month.
Maybe we exhausted our supply.
Maybe those 10 people are like worn out now.
Oh, those people are going to get it right out.
Last call for calls, man.
I think I might just crank up a little bit.
A rat.
No time again.
Oh, rat.
Oh, standing in the shadows of Motown.
One of the really great clicks in truth in audio
is going to go out and buy it right now.
Not.
What do you say?
Not.
All right.
Go go go go.
I've been to one and how I'm doing.
Nice do I up, Mo.
You see that?
You doing great?
You're right up.
Excellent.
OK, we got a couple of smattering.
You're probably going to be too exciting.
We'll see.
How many QYM?
Hello.
Yeah, could I speak to Neil Poison?
Is this a phony voice or is this a real piece?
A voice.
A phony voice.
Who?
You know, what do you got?
I just want to give him two books.
It's just a direct line, two and more of a little number.
Yeah, this is the direct line.
This is the bat line.
Come on, the bat line.
Oh, it's going to be a good one.
Now his voice is changing.
You're going to call it, it's going to keep going.
How many other voices do you do?
Like Rich Little?
They all sound like you.
They all sound like me.
They all sound like you, yeah.
Oh, well, that can't be possible, man.
Oh, that's possible.
Is this the lifeguard?
Is this the gay lifeguard?
No, I'm sorry.
It's not the gay lifeguard.
It's the gay lifeguard.
Yeah, it was just Prince of William.
Is this William?
Well, let's hear you mindswired, mate.
That's still me.
OK, mate, yeah.
We got your mate over here.
And by the way, he and Finland are good.
You might.
He's pretty sore.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
That was outstanding.
See, I, what did I tell you?
Oh, you have to have that pur...
What is that word I'm looking for?
Herstic acidity.
No, that's not it.
Persperation.
The perspiration.
You have to perspire and expire.
No, you have to persevere, mate.
You have to have that perseverance.
Ah.
And keep plowing through and plowing through.
Then after the first 40, 50,000,
then you finally get something like that and you say,
God, that was well worth it.
45 times the price.
I guarantee you won't hear that on the adducent toast show.
And no way Jose.
Let's talk to Pat Rai again and see what Pat has to say about his hairdo, huh?
Hey, slick, how you doing?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
And how's...
Yeah!
Doing that's the most important thing.
Q-I-M.
Oh, good evening.
Yep.
Take care, uh.
Take care, uh.
That's not us.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, and they'll get after that.
And back to you.
Yeah, thank you.
Uh, I have listened to you.
Oh, my God.
Probably you have.
130 years ago.
I guess about that.
I don't know how to manage.
Probably close to 30.
When you used to have a show at night.
When you used to do the dating show, do you remember that?
The S.I.C.I.
The mating and dating show on WNWS7-I-E.
That's when 790s were listened to.
Oh, my God.
I never called you out like this.
Everything you've ever done.
I've listened to every 50s of every night.
And I had just wanted to call you in and said,
thank you for many years of your time.
Well, I was an astridium, man.
I was great.
It was an absolutely phenomenal.
I did.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
It was a great experience.
Is there an empty green street?
Right.
Green sleeves.
Five, six, seven, oh five green jeans.
Mr. Green jeans is on over there now.
Now, I've touched in juice and spinach for John.
Now, I've touched in juice and spinach for John.
Now, I've touched in juice and spinach for John.
Who's dead?
Green jeans.
Oh, dammit.
I never watched those shows.
Maybe that's what I was lacking.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how funny he transitioned his attention.
I watched how he duty.
I watched how heモール secured in Rio Digitai?
I watched how he returned to Riozig due to his high qualitycoins un specified.
I watched how he returned to Rio greatness based on the history of Rio's {\an880s. strengthened me up your vacation.
I전una ran to the 안�felium, which delivered us Jesus to drink water, so that we could use
Reason why chat's don't cover the deer
Oh
Not 45 that's actually not too bad you know, Ben Campbell used to be a backup singer on some of the beat boys
Or tunes you know that I did not know that I mean I might have but then I forgot
Glenn Campbell I saw an interview an old interview with Glenn Campbell he talked about how he used to like you know show up in the studio
With all the guys that he you know people he liked and he would do back up
Well, I mean so to speak right and then
Have a little drink you poor to it and like have a good time of course. It's all about Glenn Campbell
Who is the biggest no-town celebrity of all time Paris Hilton 269, but I sure hate that bitch
They wouldn't pee on the best part of her if they could find it
Rosio Donald 73 I hate this poll 66 actually Simpson 65 P. Diddy 61
J. O 24 Arnold 24 Arnold the governor
For his spelling 23 and I'm Sam or 19 boy. He gives me schmilky's barrier
I've ever listened to OJ McGuffey and OJ Simpson and OJ what's another OJ?
Come on Josh orange Julius
Well I like orange Julius a lot
In fact, I like the strawberry orange Julius every other one. Oh, yeah, yeah
Not good for you though. It's pure sugar. It's like that sugar in a fusion man our sine O15 sliced alone 15
Britney Spears 14 Ellen's he's generate 14 would you like to see Britney Spear Ellen?
Way new 14 no comment. That's all of them 13 Snoop Dog 12 Tony Danza's got a dozen
Ben Affleck's got the same same guy
Same personality anyway, can't a Reeves 10 whoopie Goldberg can't a Reeves Canadian boy born in Toronto a big deal whoopie Goldberg
Maybe that explains a lot of things Dr. Phil seven. He's not actually moving up there the way we thought you know
He usually does in these pools. They despise him, but I'll decide out of mind
Ever since Oprah took the all what she's not doing that great either J. Lennon 7 but Donna 7 and we're LaGassie 6
Bill and 6 over 5 Courtney love 5. They like over there. They're sucking up the open is there afraid that if they don't they're not gonna get one them livers
Frank Sinatra 4 Courtney cost 4. Did we put Courtney love on here? Now already probably did you might have?
Well, he didn't you didn't put a more any love on it. Yeah, what do you mean? I did where the hell is it?
I don't see no Courtney love. Where is the love come on? Let's have some dolphins love here. I'm looking for Courtney love
Do you see Courtney love? I'm looking and looking and looking
5. Oh, so I just got through Sanford Christ. Thanks. Will you come down?
Frank Sinatra 4. I just said it Courtney cost 4 Ozzy Osborne 4 Van a white 3 I get my Courtney's how about Alan Courtney?
We do call Cosby to Gary Moore to somebody remembers him and Derwood Kirby. That's probably old chicken neck
Bill Shander's got a pair Martha Stewart one. She's got a pair two Bruce Willis one and 10 hundred and even more than they've not eight
31 but we got a shot of close to a thousand most during the poll that would be a real feather in our crab wouldn't because I didn't put this one on here to like eight o'clock this morning
Yeah, what what well that's because we're concentrating on our own stuff that that's a stupid Harold stuff with all I inside
You know on a baloney all that phony garbage on here which by the way fat boys have put a lot of the messages on here
You're not fooling anybody fat boy
When I find out who gave him that email address of mine, Duff
I'm gonna like blow somebody's brains out
You're on the sand you fairy
See sometimes people they they act without thinking you know, right?
No, yeah, all the time. You don't understand like when you think about it for like about 10 seconds to think is this somebody that
Needle would really want to communicate within any way shape or foam and the answer of course is absolutely or not
But nevertheless a
Website called TMZ dot com which is a one of those 80 million entertainment website kind of things
Okay, they've obtained documents and Michael Jackson's custody case in which the singers lawyer accused the judge of being
Prejudiced against his famous client in the legal papers
Jackson's attorneys claims that judge Stephen Lacks L.A.C.S
Made comments that Jackson obtained passports were his children by the use of subterfuge
In the papers Jackson's attorney claims the judge made other comments indicating bias including that Jackson's been reported to have made
Antisemitic statements that the Kingdom of a Bahrain is the most or one of the most
Antisemitic countries in the world and that the Kingdom of Bahrain would make a difficult for Jackson's children to be bar mitzvah
Oh, you may well now. Why would they be bar mitzvah? I don't I don't understand that is the supposed mother Jewish
No, I don't think so Debbie Roe
Yeah, I'm a fish row
How much boy?
Lacks allegedly made the comments in a hearing last November connection with Jackson's oh well here you go
She is do it. I told you they and connection with Jackson's custody of the people this former wife Debbie Roe
Roe who is Jewish
As they stress concern in the past about the religious influences honored children while in Jackson's care
She ought to be word a lot more than about the religious influence if he catch my drift
You know I'm saying
Yeah, the paper is Jackson's lawyer Michael Abrams wrote drugs Lacks is Jewish as MI
He's made me aware of this in the past
I understand George Lacks concerned about anti-Semitism and anti-Israel sentiments which by the way
There is absolutely no connection between those two
Abrams takes issue with the comments alleged you know evidence was ever presented on issues of Jackson's legs anti-Semitism
In fact just because he drinks that Jesus Jews
Huh right that don't make him anti-Semitic doesn't last November ABC News Air phone messages in which Jackson allegedly said of Jews
They suck they're like leeches. Ooh
Last month Jackson's lawyer filed papers demanding that Lacks withdraw from the case
He stepped down last month and the custody dispute is going on and Debbie Roe
I wonder she's kind of Tommy Roe. He kind of makes me dizzy thinking about me. Tommy Roe and Dizzy. No come on
You got it in your thing there. Dizzy Tommy Roe. ROE. You don't got it. I thought you had the good stuff in there, man
You know you got it
that you
Dizzy I can't believe you got Tommy Roe. I got all the hits by time you probably got preacher row on the other
Look side of this too. No, I got the easy
Talk about this he's
I got this
Hey, that sounds amazing to me. What is it?
Wait, no, Tommy
Sweet feet how'd I guess that how about this? Oh, yeah big dip for Tommy Roe
She was right
Do I know my Tommy Roe or what how about this one? Oh
What that everybody out of notice me okay, I see okay, that's enough Tommy one more one more. He's roll hits you know
He didn't have a lot of hits don't ask me why
I
Never heard that before Hazel that Hazel
I did all the other one forget it. I'm trying to forget that one and all the other ones that remember but for a for a Hazel
He must have been watching it though. What was the show that Hazel was the amade?
Was that it was called Hazel called Hazel? Well, I'll be damned
5 6 7 0 5 60 we doing a little bit of TV trivia here today the answer the question is Bob Cummings
5 60 new Verizon what don't remember we're Robert Cummings
Oh, come on he was on like a whole bunch of horrible shows
I'm sure you when you have lunch with chicken next time you ask him about Bob come on. Hey Brian bring me an album
There you go. No, no, he's not a singer. He was bringing you an album picture album. Oh, I see you can print something up any Q. I. M. Hello
Yes, sir
Bob I'll laugh and yeah
There's only a living in the middle of all in Mishmata head so why the hell wouldn't he man? You know when in Rome do with the Bahrainis do I
Don't think them Muslims take two kind to watch how many stories though. I could be wrong about them
Unless of course they have a lot of money then they kind of like look the other way. Uh-huh
WQ a.m. Hello
Q. A. N
Neil please. Yes, sir is speaking
Neil God
That's me I didn't get a chance to hear the end of the survey yesterday for the most
Mr. Esther onsen floor in the last 20 years. Yeah, Burton jacks
Well was Grifford's mention it was no way now for her to have like only ten votes so get out here
Let's go, but let's have some more restaurants that are no longer business. Let's hear about wags and sandals and
Rooties and wolves come on us do that deal again not hot and now
Actually the guy with hot and now is what got me started and he sent me off remember that yep hot and now my ass
That's what I heard hot and now and it was the pet city people started it because they were I told you that's a true story
And that's about seven minutes they build a whole bunch of men and like an hour later they were all closed down again
It was not so hot and no not now
was crap
Well, I said to these phones are smoking today man. We've had some great calls. We haven't even heard from Eddie yet
We know that'll kill about an hour and a half
Bobo Bobo Bobo I got news for you guys across the street man like I said before you ain't got Eddie yet
Once you get Eddie then you got everything you need then they'll be all right
We got that Bernstein we got Bonnie Bernstein away from you guys how do you like that?
Mm-hmm
And she actually seems to have some clue of planets you's on as opposed to that bimbo you brought in there this morning
Well that Troy brought in there no wonder he ran away
You said he came a broader in there and he ran that's the kind of how it happened
I think now I understand
The one that said she used to sell my show when the station she worked for in Viral Beach carried my show and I said
Right
Man whatever whatever she's on you ought to like gas for the share. It's nice to share. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Nail spastic line yes sir
All right speak to Nail speaking like I just said yes
How you doing can we talk about a restaurant that I went to last night
No way but George's lab
Well that's not why he's closed down yet he was there just last night it's not a close-up
I thought that's where he was going yeah
Yeah
Zooka Rullos on commercial ball hard
Zooka Rullos or Zooka Rulles I never heard of it
Zooka Rullos from our 15 years I think the first time amazing amazing
Really yeah really good
Zooka Rullos what did you have let's let's hear what's on the menu let's start with the
Aminestrone oh they had the pasta for the Vouli
pasta for Jouli I love pasta for Jouli yeah
Yeah pasta for the way they're right yeah they had their homemade bread over there
Did they had butter for the bread?
Oh the garlic butter yes they had the garlic butter
Not your socks off man especially if you smear some on your ankles
If you're a vampire right then we had the they had a seafood chia pino
It was like a monster man man
Nash Joyce if he can say that I don't think you can say that
Okay
Seafood chia pino
Chia pino
Yeah if we had water on it you want to see what grows out of it
And
Pasta dish with all the goodies the clan the uh
What's in it?
Zooka Rullos
Zooka Rullos
Yeah
On commercial okay we'll set our crack sales department over there and get him right on the ear
Right
Right
We got a crack sales department as a matter of fact they're probably selling some of that right over by Chucks right now
That's Chucks up center. How you doing Chuck?
That's everybody across the street
That we used to get food from all the time to eat the sighted in like his food
560
You know you think I'm joking when I told you that today was like the
That's the turning no no seriously
I never think you're joking
I got a little less than three years to go and believe you me from this day forward
I hold nothing back
Nothing
Zero
Count it take it take it for me you know
I don't joke about things like that where it doesn't say forward
When in doubt I'm gonna blurt it out you know
Chucks a good guy and you just turned out a man you said they even like his food which you know heard his feeling
I said I can't give you the free plug because I think that the audience might like his food
And he's right next to that stinging banner that sent me that crappy amma at that time
Well, I actually didn't send it somebody actually paid for it
Remember that
Yeah, that was bad talk about egg for it
God joys would have been foaming at the mouth if she'd been anywhere near me that I never met joys yet
I understand she's a real beast
Yeah, I always thought that one beast was enough at every station
855 votes we're gonna make a thousand a day and spy on all this cock-a-writers going on
It's part of our sports people like playing hard to get well at needle we don't we aren't gonna participate in that juvenile
So okay, whatever and by the way you guys have been passed already
You know the interesting part of it is and I'm sure that they're leaning heavily in the other place
We have been passed by that much. I just took a look at a puke at a once
That that's the sad part all the way we had even we had like almost 900 votes yesterday
And then we got like I thought a little hundred something like that 12 whatever
And that incredible we can have like five thousand now if we had like a little assistance man
Everybody likes a little assistance and what do we get just totally a shine man the shiny remember the shining
I told you wasn't all that good right. It's not we got shine
God that's gonna be our full question where do we rather get your shoe shine or just shine in general by the
sports advocate when
Maybe they're afraid of the outcome
Is the real ruggers oh my god is 516 qa
Not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
And better have me
Please just think what do you call that a nice shack up
And it lay
You really know
If it is time to pay
For all your friends
And pretty soon you will be serving hard time
He can't wait
You put him around in the red
He can't wait
Good of prison for a while
You didn't pay
Income you just in five
He's so fillions from your
Employees
And now you're going to the
Peniculture
You
Stay in jail until you're dead
103 is said to care carefully and Jeffrey showing stealing whatever name is it's a pretty sad and nobody cares
That's what's even sadder except all them people lost their life savings
So thanks to investing an in-ron because the gambling channel learned on the garden path
That's why you belong on death road to ted david you know, I hope a lot of them were Republicans. Oh
I'll teach them
Look at this here's a fax from dick
Spell very bizarrely too, but anyway
Glenn Campbell take guitar and almost every beach boys album in the 60s
He also replaced Brian Wilson their touring band after Brian's initial
Breakdown after Brian's teddy bear ran away
Campbell was replaced by the I write the songs writer Bruce Johnson
I'm ever Bruce Johnson and then it says Bob Cummings love that Bob and there's a picture of Bob Cummings
I believe isn't that Bob Cummings
That is Bob Cummings that's true
That's Bob Cummings my right to song no, he don't sing our right to song
Terry a very man was this and Bruce Johnson wrote it
through very very the ferry
Gary
Well come on you stepped on poor Barry for Christy. Well, he's looking bad these days. Nothing. He ever looked good
My god, he's looking really bad. What he just do Tim on 96
So the same thing that's been a second. Hey Barry
And I know the course is good for Barry jackass very manlo
a lot of buries
Including a mole and his
Dingle theories
five six oh, it's big on a Diggle berries made his
Reboa house said
How said 39% approval rating and the Democrats are there
Hey, can we please kiss your ass?
When you can we be photographed with you?
Or just in case just in case the poll numbers turn around can we go get a photo off they'll make me ill
The politics in America suck. Okay, just remember that
There's some you know there's some really incredibly courageous people like Cindy she and Michael more in about four
Oh four or five others. Yeah, and that's it a friend howie
Right howie Dean who every time he speaks all we don't want to do with him. He's out of control because he's speaking the truth right
Howie Dean is the man. I've had telling you that I thought of that
And in 2004 I told you that
That John Kerry had about as much personality as a dead man. It's kind of like the Joseph Gackie of politics my god
But no, oh that how we're Dean and remember what I told you?
The Republicans were ecstatic as soon as howie Dean got made to look like a goofball. They were rubbing air hind legs together with clearance
In fact, they were probably rubbing each other's hind legs
For Canadian diplomats including the charge that fair to Iraq
Escaped injury yesterday when their vehicle was shot at and bagged dead by US soldiers
That'll hate that Paul Martin even though we ain't here no more. I don't think you're listening to be calling a president of moron
Really that was crutch in it said that well whoever was a lot of them said that everybody in Canada says that a bus you're a moron
The vehicle reportedly carrying charges of fair steward Henderson
I wonder if he's came to Paul Henderson who scored that most important goal in the 72 Canada victory over the Russians and the Olympics
Here's foster you with a call. I'm sorry
The vehicle reportedly carrying steward Henderson came under friendly fire after it apparently attempted to pass American convoy
Said US lieutenant Colonel Barry Johnson. Hey Barry you're fairy spoken for the multinational force in Iraq
There were two convoy's were looking at the reason shots may have been fired so Johnson. I haven't seen the final report yet, eh
However, however, military convoy's carrying markings warning that the common procedure is not to pass a precautioning and suicide bombers
If vehicles fail to respond to hand signals followed by a fire followed by warning shots shots may be fired into vehicle
He said Canadian US officials are investigating. I'm guarantee we're not gonna sit still for that up here
Yeah, right, which we are we're gonna like turn a lot of wild geese with
Burgflou loose on the ass and then some of them mook house man had cut that BSE whatever that is that mook house disease
Oh the annual fear and toxic acid and
Suffolite is a graphy ass. You're right your ass is grassy. Yeah, whatever it is grassy. No
man
I was speaking of grassy. No, I just had a thought but we can't say it. Yeah
Wow ever have a grassy. No, mm-hmm my mind
We got a grassy mole and wiki loaned it to me
Came in a way man the male with a nice Christmas card. I guarantee you oh Jamie definitely didn't go no Christmas card from in greek
Yeah, haha, and you're like that loser
Also, I guarantee you that Greg Reed never sold no house to any of them. I'm letting toast over there
You know the funny part of the thing is that they're convincing themselves that they're really hot stuff that they got something going
And we know that that's not the case that that's the status part
They're like having a party in their pants because they got the same five people right in craft
Including our own fact boy by the way him. Let's know he's on the way out
That that would give me sexual satisfaction that would just give me I would just I would rub my hind and front legs together. I'd be so excited
Nobody Q. I. Am hello
Neil yes sir. Oh, sorry. I didn't hear you there for a second. It's something interesting. You know that Bruce Johnson wrote that song for very man
Well, there was something on the internet I read about it that came across and he said to this day
He makes 250,000 dollars a year off that song. I write the songs
Yeah, you wrote that about you wrote that song about Brian Johnson, but he's our upon yeah about Brian Wilson
I'm sorry. You wrote it Brian Wilson. Right. He says that he says to this day through I guess residuals and whatever else
He still makes 250 grand a year off that one song. What a guy huh?
Not bad. Yeah, I know
That people are actually buying that crap. That's really what's most amazing about it. Yeah, I can probably make this more from I guess
Consular residuals because I he still draws a pretty good cross very man along
We have to pay from that or whatever so yeah, I think it was gonna be like it to some of Poe don't go casino here in a couple weeks
Yeah, yeah, hard rock is just a half-full house. Thanks for the loose valley. Thanks. That's all I got
For like a bunch of old baghags show up to see Barry Manolo, you know, like oh, yeah guarantee you
In fact, they're in Samuels probably shows up for all his concerts. Give them a big hug. Who can I hug your nose
Can I squeeze it shape or future last night my oh boy
See, this is the new he's got his own show now. He's on every day on the talk in the hidden network. She shows own show. Yeah
I
Yes
Yeah
If I have to fly, you too, I don't mind if we go away
If you fly, I don't mind if we go away
I'm the one who's really fine, I feel like a baby girl
If you're proud, you're the baby girl
If you're so mean, you're the one who's really good
If I have to go on your steps all night and day
If you can walk away, do the shopping rams for them
If I can stand, I won't bother people anywhere
I can't hide my tears, believe me, so what can you do?
If I have to go on your steps all night and day
If I have to go on your steps all night and day
If I have to go on your steps all night
I won't bother people anywhere
I can't hide my tears, believe me, so what can you do?
If I have to go on your steps all night
If I have to go on your steps all night
If I'm proud, you're the baby girl
If you can walk away, do the shopping rams for them
If I can stand, I won't bother people anywhere
I can't hide my tears, believe me, so what can you do?
If I'm crying, I'll go, tell my family
So anyway, Ben Harper is great too, but he sings that scrappy music.
Yeah, well, what are you going to do?
Of a man.
Huh?
What are you going to do?
I don't know.
Maybe you like to send him some ideas.
Some point.
Yeah, obviously knows what good music sounds like.
Yeah.
Because he sure is how can sing it.
But boy, he just, his own selection is kind of weak.
Well, we're sorry about that.
Sorry, Ben.
He's great though.
Anyway, standing in the shadows of Motown, I'm telling you, I'm begging you.
I mean, we've probably turned down to some movies you hated over the years, but you won't
hate that one unless, of course, you have no taste in music.
Right.
There's always that.
There's always that problem.
Unless you like very man-loathe.
If you like very man-loathe, you'll probably hate this movie.
When you think, oh, I don't know.
And if you like very man-loathe, we probably hate you anyway.
12 minutes after 1 at 5.60 WQAM, attention men.
I never seemed I would be saying that.
I only thought you said it all the time.
No, I thought your buddy or his dad, he does.
Attention, Ben.
If you have a hair.
Make sure gassoms, I fake foreplay.
Make sure man-loathe, you bet.
And carry him again.
I still got away.
But getting chicks wet, this is your holder.
Then you're dead.
So bear mostly all right.
The last hit I had knew was in 172.
I could get this.
Chicks pass men across stage.
Still one thousand's backstakes.
So they can pinch my behind.
I just have to round.
When they ask if they can do.
Me.
Welcome.
So we have been pulled back to no place.
I still buy my old tracks.
That's why I still do these concerts for you.
I'd be on the street without you.
You're fair.
18 at 5.60.
I'll take it one thing.
There aren't too many guys who admit they like Barry Manelow.
No.
When I was a child, even when I was a child, those things were hits.
There were songs of his that I didn't hate.
But then I got older.
Are you admitting you're like Barry Manelow?
I think you're very.
I'm not sure.
And you're like Barry Manelow.
Yeah, I'm good with that.
Good with what?
Not interested.
I didn't ask you if you're interested in doing him or something.
I just asked him if he liked any of his music.
Was there any song that he ever sang?
There you go.
Oh, Mandy.
Oh, God, that's so good.
Huh?
Horrible.
He's a bad lounge act.
Yeah, what's that one?
I used to have to play this.
I used to play this.
No.
It's got something that would be...
He has to play a lot of Barry Manelow.
I don't know what I recall.
What is that?
Big hit.
What is it?
It's the extended version.
Oh, it could be hit.
75.
I think 75.
That's really going to do it for me.
It could be magic.
Okay, it could be tragic.
In fact, I guarantee you won't hear that on bad.
I'm not going to magic.
Kill it.
Good orbs, they say, in China.
I'm not already.
One house photographer is our life.
You are.
No wonder the camera says you like poison.
He told me that.
He said, next time that that little puss comes in here and starts giving me a lecture.
We just had a chat, man.
Yeah, right.
You had a chat about what?
Chat, man.
How about that, man?
Get out of here.
Chat is about you and what a mean man you are.
Good.
I'm glad.
I'm happy.
You might want to keep those hate messages coming on that phone.
How you can do it?
I'm sure you can.
I'm really, really, am used about that.
Keep them coming, Stu.
I was the only aunt of that.
And Greg Kotex.
And keep them coming, fat boy.
I guess he wants to go work across the street, fat boy.
He could walk all over there.
In fact, I'm sure other people would love to give him my helping hand to put out a little
push.
I better be a long light if he's going to water over there.
Give him a little push.
White House Protagoners are looking for a hand out these days.
In fact, they've gotten far too many.
While the practice of providing news organizations with staged photos of events involving the
President goes back decades, veteran shooters at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue says to come almost
a regular recurrence with the Bush administration.
Freedom is lost in the soul.
A review of Associated Press Archive found that during the Atari years of Clinton
administration, only a hundred handout photos of events released to the press during
the first five years of Bush's presidency, more than 500 have been distributed.
The key is that each of these events was closed to news photographers.
The average is about two per week since the involved in AP photojournalist president of
the White House News Photographers Association after directing their review.
She said to White House staff, Dr. Hizrelle is to document the president.
They've now crossed the line and become public relations photographers for the administration.
With its lies and BS and the cover-ups and all these things.
Get wound up here.
Yeah, get wound up.
And spin right on away, okay, like a dreidel.
Like an out of control dreidel, spin out of our lives.
Just like that whole deal in the right kind of like spinning out of control if you ask
me.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, and the rise in singular
wireless.
Well, I tell you one thing, I've sure made a big turn around today.
I turned it right around.
Well, good.
Not the first time I've been at Harperpiece.
I actually started getting dressed and getting ready for my big two o'clock run the wood
vine.
Man, can't wait.
I'm going to be out there so fast before you can say Rumpel Stiltskin.
Stiltskin.
See ya.
W-Q-I-N, hello.
This is Limbaugh.
Better, better, better, better, better.
W-Q-I-N, hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I'm not sure what you think about Keith Overrin, but you might want to check this out.
He had a good ripping session of Bill O'Reilly on the little clips on the internet on Gorilla
mask.
Gorilla mask.
I don't have a problem.
Nobody watches anybody on MSNBC.
I guess I'm the only one who watches him.
And you?
Did you see that?
No.
Well, check it out.
It's on GorillaMask.net.
It's under today's clips and you're going to kick out.
It's pretty good.
Okay.
Thanks, Valley.
All the way.
I don't really care about Bill O'Reilly.
All these people that are obsessed with it.
I don't care about him.
He's an idiot.
He's an idiot.
Anything to do with Foss, I'm not interested.
It is what it is, you know.
And by the way, Bill O'Reilly, you think the guy's across the street.
He got bad numbers.
How about that point that he's maintained consistently?
He was going to crush Rush.
Remember that?
Well, because the Bill O'Reilly radio show, he's taking his stale foamy lying act, his
mouth reading act, the radio.
And in this market, he's made some impact.
Well, if he took his phone calling act to radio, he'd have an audience.
There you go.
Oh, for lots of balls.
Yeah.
Are you saying for lots of balls?
Yes.
That was another one.
You talk about middle-level management, paranoia.
The Duffmeister.
He thought that that one bit says something about Falavel's balls.
I think he's confusing Falavel with Farfool.
Remember, Farfool the dog?
No.
I think that was Paul Winchell that farfooled the dog.
He's dead too, and so sure he lost.
And it was a puppet.
Farfool the dog.
I'll take your word for it.
And I think Duff has got his Farfool confused with Falavel.
He's got his balls mixed up.
You are not alone, guys.
You're fairy.
Nobody QAM, hello.
I'm kind of annoying.
QAM.
You don't have to be one of them.
A little neil about you.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, just seeing if you watched the president last night, did you
get that?
It was the last 10 minutes it was pathetic, yes.
I have to equate it to an AMWA convention.
It was very similar.
There was a lot of ass-grabbing and...
Right.
A lot of cheering and yelling and gung-ho, rah-rah-sis for Bob.
Yeah.
Exactly.
How about those courageous Democrats, man?
Are they going to be a boxer?
Yeah, they're not mad.
Let me ask you, Neal, what's respect to your wardrobe?
Have you, like, trucking?
Yeah, my wardrobe, yeah.
5.6705.6, and that's the guy always starts out with some other phony premise.
In respect of my wardrobe, I'm sitting around in my underwear.
Okay, that's...
Just get that vision in your mind, okay?
It'll get you going on a good diet.
You lose a lot of weight.
Keep thinking about me sitting around in my boxer shorts with my big, perfect hanging out here.
That's my wardrobe.
Are those the plaid or polka dot-blogs?
These are the plaid ones.
In fact, no, actually, these are the checkered ones.
Let's send you some power ranger about their shorts.
Oh, I can't wait to get it.
Take off those checkered pants.
No chance in my pants.
5.6705.6, Tom 5.6, and they've arrived in Singular Rival's line.
One dimensional man.
And in regards to your wardrobe, yeah, I'm not going to impress anybody with my wardrobe, okay?
I'm a doubty old fat bag.
And that's fine.
I'm doing just great.
No complaints.
None.
Except this place.
Except your place.
Oh my god, that place.
Remember I was talking yesterday about the place for steak?
Yeah.
We're changing the front of the building.
We're going to set a QA.
It's going to say the place for agida.
Somebody QA.M. Hello?
Neil, how's it going?
All right.
Excuse the noise in the background about a pool of these bastard land capers.
Got the thing in the background.
I'm going to throw it in the background.
You sound like you're in a right next door.
Stella, you're on my balcony.
Oh, it's going to start.
It's going to start.
Yeah.
Oh, great.
That was so horrible last night.
I can not believe she was pushing up.
He had to answer for everything.
He had to answer for our future.
He was going to solve all of what problems in one hour.
Right.
All these time frames he's got for everything.
It was such a joke.
He's got the answer for everything except those elections.
They can fix in all those era of states.
They're going to go democratic with all those terrorists winning elections.
he's got the answer for everything except that and all the blood that's on his hands
yeah exactly and then he's like
sleeping with Iran all please please please
yeah okay you're you're fading into the drill okay into the uh power whatever that was the power
ranger the rupranger really said he's got the answer for all you know something
of the democrats had a ball any balls every democratic congressperson and senator would have had a
can a comic cleanser and as he came off that stage at the end there were chanian
has to were like a given that evil look uh as he came off at it they said all handed and we can't
come or cleansed it said hey maybe you can watch some of the blood off your hands with this you
how good you murderer you liar you phony you idiot oh professor
great i see they like my idea but they don't consult with me any more than the people in this
radio station they don't want my opinion just shut up just just shut up take your money and my
response is okay okay good that's good i want none to do with it you you have all the
Greg Reed made problems okay you get them all 930 vote what do you think a thousand or what you can
do it kind of slowing down a little bit we need 70 votes 33 minutes really nip and tuck them
together aren't you nip nip and suck well let's give it a shot we need 70 more by two o'clock
that's the pull where i constipated on hop on it
this is new Roger what's all it this is 5.62.8
all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time hey it's allied how it's daily welcome back
to the mojava davidah show where we're chuckful as any but good clean family what i'm here and
you're dead i can't find a dead type of phrase hey you know that pipe smoking things rapes funny
is that funny huh since when is gang rape funny what did you require me i require you
drive your beds i'll see here
you ripe out of yess
our beds my
put it on
that fans
What are you some kind of fairy?
I don't know.
What do you know about being queer, you moron?
I've been right there not to know the difference.
We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
This is sports radio over here.
We love men.
I'm just pouring on.
I don't care.
To get paid by the door.
Yeah.
Now we're going to make something out of this creepy paper.
You understand?
Then maybe later I'll pull the link sausages out of my pants.
Okay.
It's a joke, you moron.
Oh no.
I'm just washing up my pants.
Oh my goodness.
Move.
How can I help you?
Well you see what I mean.
I keep getting raped.
You can look into it right away.
Thanks a lot.
I'm not dying.
I'm putting it down.
Drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
That hasn't been more gentle.
Give you something to do while you're watching golf.
My good.
Pouring the hot liquid in your eye.
I like this.
Ah!
I'm going to the door.
The door.
The door.
Oops.
And I look like I made no kind of your pants on.
Now, pin right.
You want to walk my show?
You'll do as you told.
Now get over here.
Yeah, that's right.
Now come here.
Now get over there.
Come here.
Now come here.
Come over here.
Up here.
Over here.
Oh.
So the pizza.
No.
I did not steal the pizza.
I stole the pizza.
Now see here.
I ain't no pipe, I learned.
You're all the pizza.
I did not steal the pizza.
I did not steal the pizza.
You only have one slice.
Put your headphones on the glass door.
See if anybody's inside.
No.
Close it.
Close it.
A little closer.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
Leave me.
Oh.
You're a tough guy.
Why are you a tough guy?
Why are you a tough guy?
Now see here.
I got it right there.
Stop.
I get stuck beside.
I have a little hope.
See here.
I stand before you now.
Let me glitch with my son.
I have a door.
I have a door.
Well, perhaps you'll garner my,
you'll garner my, totally.
I don't like all of that, totally.
Yeah, I don't want you to, totally, it's over me.
It's not, it's not, it's not.
I'll never fight me.
Yes.
Of course it's more important that I have lived you.
Why I'll have you now?
No, it's, I go home now.
I'm going short.
Watch out for Mr. Whipple.
Squeeze.
Oh, no, squeeze.
That's a choice.
It's more.
That's a choice.
That's a choice.
I got a bonus.
That's what I say.
Hey, miss Maya.
Hey, man.
134, a big target.
26 to the two.
I sure hope you claim the dingover is off first.
By the way, that Keith Overman thing is pretty funny.
What is that?
I want to check that out.
About the bill of Riley.
Yeah.
El Paso.
No, I first, I knew like Keith Overman a lot,
but anything new with Bill Riley El Paso.
951, we're not going to make that thousand.
We got 25 minutes for 49 votes.
That's two a minute.
Can we do that? I doubt it.
We were doing yesterday, but yesterday.
And by the way, Dave Friedman and Fanboy are like,
uh, Friedman all over would come in at the Grand Code Texting.
Keep him off the street.
Better than the mess.
Oh, trust me.
Most amusing.
And what do I, what do I always told you about those things?
They, they, they, they, zero way and they wander away from whatever the original
deal was supposed to be here.
And all of a sudden they start shouting at each other in his back and forth.
And it's a place for miss kids, you know.
So I'm glad that they found a place to go.
Who is the biggest no talent celebrity of all time?
We got 951 votes.
Is that what you got?
Cause this is going to be tight.
951.
Oh no.
952, I got reloaded.
Paris Hilton 297, Rosio Donnelly, 85, Ashley Simpson, 74.
I hate this Pearl 72.
Of course.
P. Diddy 71, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Arnold's God.
About 30, man.
K-126, Torrey Spelling 24, Adam Sandberg 24.
Brittany Spears 17, L.M.D. General 17.
Dr. Phil 16, our city of Hall 16, Ed Solomon 16,
Stostelo 16, Wayne Newton 15,
Ben Acto like 14, Snoop Dogg, Hannah Reeves, and Tony Danza, doesn't a piece.
Van A White and Yine, Madonna, and Wippie Goldberg, he had a piece same person.
J-107, Oprah 6, Courtney Love 6, Frank Sinatra 6, Emre LaGasse 6, Bob Villain 6,
Ozzy Osborne 6, Rita Cards B5, Courtney Cards, Four Martha Stewart 2, Gary Moore's got a pair too.
William Shatner 2, Bruce Willis 2, Tab Hars got one, and Dean Martin still got the big one.
Oh, I don't think we're going to make that thousand.
It's going to be Josh's fault.
I agree. Sorry.
I'll tell you what, when he told me this morning was so depressing,
9.58 we got a shot.
We're so depressing.
Yeah, because in other words, if we got the new people are lying to me also,
then that proves beyond a shadow of a doubt.
There's absolutely no hope.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
There was one thing about the old regime we were used to them lying.
But if I've been led down to Garden Path and given a saw in dance,
then come to find out, well, that's not exactly true.
Well, you know what, to hell with it.
To hell with it.
I'll go out and sell crispy cream donuts on the street corner if I have to.
How do you like that?
You'll be selling them.
How big of a pardon?
You'll be eating them.
All for me.
Dominatrix acquitted and clients death.
In a dead of mass, a Dominatrix was acquitted of manslaughter Monday,
and the death of a man who prosecuted, say, suffered a heart attack
while strapped to a replica of a medieval rack.
All right.
Barbara Asher, a 56-year-old woman who calls herself Mistress Lauren M.,
was also cleared of dismembering the man's corpse to conceal the death.
Prosecutors said that 52-year-old Michael Lourd suffered a heart attack in 2000
during a bondage session in a dungeon in Asher's condominium.
Asher was accused of doing nothing to help him for five minutes,
fearing authorities would discover her penis.
Asher had her boyfriend chop off the body.
There he goes.
That's sound again.
He took 175 five retired telephone company worker.
They dumped it behind a restaurant in Maine.
His remains have not been found.
While they dumped it behind a restaurant, maybe he's done a menu.
I hope that was a Chinese restaurant.
Prosecutors said Asher confessed to police,
but the alleged confession wasn't taped.
Investigators testified they did not say their notes.
Ain't good investigation.
Kind of like what Congress is doing,
all these are committee hearings 9-11 and Katrina.
All these hearings all the time.
Not a damn thing happens.
Asher's lawyer Stephanie Pade said there was nothing to prove
Laura was even dead.
Nobody, no blood, no DNA.
During his closing argument of the jury,
prosecutor Robert Nelson put on a black leather mask
with zippered mouth opening and re-enacted the bondage session.
If I start a picture of it right here, he re-enacted the opening.
With both hands, he reached back and took the top of a blackboard
as if strapped to the rack.
Then he hung his head as if dead.
Asher's lawyer objected to Judge Agreed.
That's enough Mr. Nelson Judge Charles Greybo said.
Thank you for your demonstration.
Judge Charles Nelson Riley said.
He's still alive?
Charles Nelson Riley?
I'm Charlie.
You can't say.
Oh yeah, you don't think so?
Get out of here.
You're crazy.
Do a Google on a man.
Charles Nelson Riley is alive and kicking.
He's kicking an old ancient style.
Crazy.
You better start learning your game show people
because you sure don't know Mr.
972 we got a shot at a thousand today during the show.
That would redeem the whole deal.
That would make up for Todd Dreck and for Fat Boy
and for your buddy, let's see, Dave Friedman.
974.
26 votes in 21 minutes.
That just barely won more than one minute.
I think Josh is feeling fairly confident at this point.
Fundamental incident of war.
Yeah, okay.
He's not dead.
Oh Charles Nelson Riley, I told you.
Right.
Told you so.
Yep.
WQYM, hello.
Mama always said you already
and probably like a bomb.
A chocolate flip.
WQYM, hello.
For the porn, pick your buy.
Look at the QQY, restrict.
Mark him.
Oh geez, time's up.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 QA.
Suck it in and hold it.
Roe Winfrey, what did you do?
To just get a book that wasn't quite true.
Oh Roe Winfrey defended James Fry.
So we told the Millions little lies.
He wrote a book about his time and rehab.
But now it seems that we've all been had.
Next we'll find out he never stole it.
He was addicted to collecting stamps.
I think that he's full of it.
For Roe Winfrey, what should we do?
We only read books that you tell us to.
Maybe you are the one who's on drugs
for pulling his book in.
Over the blood.
Over the blood.
I'm 189, but we only need 11 more for 1000.
We get 1000 before 2 o'clock.
We will be free.
That will set us free, won't it?
Well, no.
Oh yes, it's going to set my ass free.
Good God, it bound up.
Norman Solomon, no not legally.
In fact, quite the opposite.
Norman Solomon writes, the Wednesday Solomon,
what did I say? Abraham Solomon.
The domestic line, the question that journalists don't ask bush.
That's the story to do there.
How long has he been speaking here about five hours?
I think we got a whole new format now on the talking head network.
We got all bush all day.
Get out of here.
I'm through a lot of manure to slay.
I'm through some city pulse comedian thing, eh?
There's day after the death of a man.
There you go.
With great fanfare, the ability Oprah Winfrey asked James Fry a question.
That mainstream journalist refused to ask George W. Bush.
Why would you lie?
Many pundits in New Zealand have totaled that the televised on asking a fry is a liar.
The reverberations have spanned from schlock media to highbrow outlets.
On Friday, the PBS News Hour with Jim Lerard devoted an entire segment to what happened.
The New York Times supplemented its page one coverage with an editorial that concluded,
Ms. Winfrey gave the audience, including us, what I was hoping for a demand to hear the truth.
A key reality at the National Security Agency's spying story is,
President Bush lied, but routinely missing from media coverage is a demand to hear the truth.
More than two years after he started the NSA's domestic spying without war,
and Bush was unequivocal during a speech in Buffalo, April 20th of 2004, he said,
any time he heard the US government talking about a wiretap,
it requires a wiretap requires a court order.
Nothing is changed, by the way.
When we're talking about chasing down terrorists, we're talking about getting a court order before we do so. His words.
There are such things as roving wiretaps.
Fry lied about his personal life in a book and that infuriated Oprah Winfrey.
It is difficult for me to talk to you because I really feel duked, as he said,
confronting him in the midst of the January 26th telecast,
I feel duked, but more importantly, I feel that you betrayed millions of readers.
You have to journalists to interview Bush are willing to question him in similar terms.
The President didn't merely betray millions of readers, he betrayed hundreds of millions of citizens.
Bush lied about basic civil liberties in the US, instead of relying on euphemisms,
the news media should directly confront him with a question, why would you lie?
During the Oprah show, while lecturing a powerful book publishing executive
who had served as an enabler for the office of Mendacity, Winfrey declared,
that needs to change. But what about the powerful news media executives who keep enabling the President's Mendacity?
When Fry tried to weasel out of responsibility for concocting a phony story about a root canal without anesthetic,
the host interrupted it to the words, I've struggled with the idea of it.
No, the lie of it, Winfrey said, that's a lie. It's not an idea, James. That's a lie.
But high profile journalists are unwilling to confront President Bush on national television,
what sets clarity. That's a lie. It's not an idea, George. That's a lie.
George, I got it. How do you like that? I don't.
Little on the murky side, 35 here right now. Even February started out on a mile stage,
for all the people in here, the Toronto weather, and look at that sunny and 42 tomorrow.
How do you like that? Nothing is as exact as global warming.
And I'm not complaining, man, because I'm going to be 60 and I'm going to be pushing up
dampen bills and pansies long before this whole thing's underwater.
Before God gets P.O. again and hits us with another one in big floods in your pants.
Hey, said he wouldn't do that anymore. No, he changes mine.
He's pissed off. You heard Ray Nogganhead said that in Nolines.
Oh, that's right. God is surely mad. Right? Maybe it'll be a chocolate flood next time.
Exactly. I would be good. What a way to go, huh? Sure. Maybe some of that dark raspberry chocolate.
Oh, no, right. Thank you. Some of that fun, dude. So how'd you make out?
You blood sugar about 600 million. Yes, God. I was my head was swimming as far as the way home.
Even Josh, even a punk like Josh, he was a swooning from all that sugar.
Yeah, I was hurting. Well, but it was a hell of a way to go though. Why not?
Yeah, well, good stuff. Just dip that good stuff in there and a chocolate.
In fact, well, anyway, 5.6.7.05.60 is a matter of fact, I don't know about they still make them.
I'm sure they must. When I was a kid, they made candy cigarettes.
Chocolate cigarettes? Okay. Then they still like those? I haven't seen chocolate cigarettes, but they make candy cigarettes.
I don't think they do anymore, actually. You don't know what I'm talking. You never see them. No, you can find them. You can get them out.
Yeah. Chocolate cigarettes overseas. So you could dip your faggot right right in that fondue, man.
Hmm. I would be smoking. WQA. M. Hello.
Hey, stop. What's your point? Okay, good. WQA. M. Hello.
Colonial? Yes, sir. How about your faggot too, Fiatol? What? How about that?
Oh, this one. Oh, this poll, yeah. How about that? Joan and Melissa?
Joan and Melissa Rivers. Okay. 9.97. We got 1,000 coming in any second. I'm maybe a while. You're on the air.
Can I ask you another question? Go ahead.
Being that it's died in Madelow over a quest day, you want to have a bid. I don't know if you can still play it.
But it was the tune of Mandy, which was about grandma's panties. If you remember that, grandma's panties. Mandy, you're on that man.
Where, you know, God married a beautiful girl. She got well, uh, gained her on a weight. Now she's like, but not wearing sexy underwear anymore.
I'll be damned. Remember that charge? You're very well with you. I did grandma panties. It was called it. Grandma panties. We got that going. No, we're doing. What? No, I don't know where it is.
There's grandma gap. Maybe that's where grandma got her panties at the gas.
New from the gas. Gap for kids and baby gap. It's the new and exciting grandma gap.
I was I bought it. Grandma Gap spent right over my tubers. I found a pair of trousers that fit right over my depends.
Even after wearing them for the whole weekend. What's my arthritis? I couldn't get out of this dress for over a month.
But I didn't want to. It's so pretty. I was trapped in the dressing room for a week.
Could you help me get out of this straight jacket? I've got rubbers of grandma gap. I was falling at a moment near you. And I can't get out.
149. So that was kind of cute. I mean, nothing new with grandma's panties and but nevertheless. No, it was a song. I don't know where it went.
Where it came from. What I'm asking is who wrote who writes that song? Bruce Johnson. Yeah, the Beach Boys.
Thousand something thousand and four. How do you like that? We don't need no more.
In fact, we got no more today and we got that. I don't know what we got. And it's just today. I'm just not the mood to talk about it.
You know, I'm feeling surly and I feel like like I'm straight in the middle of an island, the middle of a Pacific.
And the middle of the island. It's a nice island. It's well appointed. Yeah, we got a lot of people on the island.
We got a lot of least news on this island. So all of this sports back and forth and people sling and crap at each other and trying to make a big deal out of how that stuff.
How would it have a good time? Okay. All you guys are on your own. On your own. My ancient back, my old faculty back is getting real tired of carrying that whole universe.
It's like, remember in Christmas Carol and Scrooge was carrying a tiny tin on his shoulders there at the end. Yeah. Remember that? Well, my old faculty shoulders are just there. They're wearing down.
You know, I'm going to have to start getting like some don't Crawford shoulder pads just so I can hold up my own end. What is that?
It's Eric Carmen. What is that? All by myself. Oh, I see. I mean, I was there.
Eric Carmen was what? Oh, now why did you send me this? Cause I never I never actually said it. I don't really care what we did. I don't know why you sent me that. Thanks.
No, no, no, interest. Let's see. Seems to be a fact. It says I have a shameless request. Could you play the Ray Nagan chocolate song? What the hell is that? The willy wonka. It's.
I know what it is. Why do you say that? Why are you telling me? I'm just I'm just stalling. Oh, I see. I'm just stalkers. It's not called it. It's called Ray Nagan Slasher a candy man.
It sounds like the Lord. Every time he sees the way God wants to speak wants to take the city and cover it to sleep. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can.
Ray Nagan can. Cause he wants to make you or at least he's cool. And I don't care what people are saying. It sounds like Jesse Jackson. We as black people. It's coming from the sun. Surely God is mad.
He compares the local villa. We're leaving on the bottom. Chocolate. Ray Nagan can. Yes, Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. Cause he wants to make you or at least he's cool.
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans. The one that should be uptown or wherever they are. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate in the wall. He never takes the blame.
It's a chocolate at the end of the day. That chocolate in some coffee and a little off one called as Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can.
No, I can. Ray Nagan can. Cause he wants to make you or at least he's cool. You can't have New Orleans. No other way. It was the same.
It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It was the same. It
I cousicienie de laWork Red Light to my glass. Water Thetor continues to enter Whiteless Line in Whiteless line. Watergate goes only 2. Pomobrois winning.
to your talk tonight in effective liberals.
Yeah.
How come nobody points out that Sandra Dayo Conner
idiot decides to wait until Bush's president
to resign or to retire?
I couldn't even done that when Clinton was president.
Yeah, bitch.
You know, it's the big standing of Asian she got there
last night.
Man, why they're all opening up the hell big deal.
They're all idiots.
You got a good point, Pallee.
Thanks.
Yeah, how come my Sandra Gayo Conner,
he's got a nice one point.
Of course, he's been in there for a long time now.
Yeah, seems like only yesterday that he stole the first
election.
Now here he's still another one since her help was failing.
That was the story exactly for Christ.
She's 100 years old.
Don't be picking on that poor at least thank God for what
she did while she was in there, which they weren't expecting.
Right.
They were expecting to be a good new step in Nazi and every
time like something mighty important came up.
She was swinging it, baby.
She was a swing vote.
And you got to respect an old bag like that who swings it
every now and then.
She was swinging it.
5.6705.505.60 and they've arrived in singular.
Why was mine?
Feel like this has been going on a lot lately.
They feel like I've had another one of those cleansing
experiences, you know?
Really?
Yeah, I'm going to do it.
Because you know, when I came in here this morning,
I stood down and first started conversing.
I was, I was not what you call a really happy camper.
No, no.
I was the sour, with skyrocketing again.
And I was sour and hostile and PO that had been like left
out in the lurch.
I felt like lurch.
Oh, no, I have to get that up.
Yeah, get lurched.
Not any moisture sound with it.
But like I said, they got their thing and we got our thing
and every the queen shall meet.
This is Neil Rogers, retro Miami town.
And 5 to 4 WQK and you fell.
Every nation's trying to keep our hands on building
nothing else.
But they are remembering our clothes.
But George E. Washington, the rice.
They walk a farm down to size and grow.
I take the land off the road.
It's by land.
I run as number days.
I come back when it's well wonder when it is.
If boys get to play.
Bye bye bye.
You know what I'm trying to see something to do.
I know I can't afford lurch to.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Wow!
