Excellent. Ah, the doors. Let's have some pre-game conversations started about 10.45 sounds good.
Oh! You're coming, Henry.
The time for today.
Yeah.
Monique-Sanahalala Hazen. How about the Donnie Kulpepper, huh? Wow.
I'd like to hear Vince Scully.
That great that we have another press conference to announce something that everybody already knew. I love those.
What was it good? What's today's press conference?
No, the one yesterday, two o'clock. Oh, that one.
To announce something that people already all knew. They didn't have the guy there. Really?
Well, he's busy at Hakan at jewelry so we can give them any of that little kid in his family.
No, he wasn't busy doing anything. They just have a policy. Maybe he was talking to Choney. I don't know.
Yeah. I sure had talking noodle showed up this morning about 9.35. Oh, yeah. That could change my life.
You know what I'm talking about? No. I'm trying to think of where to head like first. I guess there was a story in the Sun Sendle about it.
I did a little personal research and then I ordered it from Amazon.com. There's a big supermarket in New York that pedals this stuff.
I took only a couple days to get here and it's like they're like fettuccine but they have almost no carbs and no calories.
Wow.
And you rinse them off and then you parboil them a couple of minutes so you can put like your sauce and your meatballs and sausages and it's like...
Put your meatball on your sausage and a little bowl of oil and you won't see him no more.
That's right. Where, what, what it's called?
Sure a taki. Oh. I'm gonna fly you say that.
You're gonna be a takin' noodles. Be careful. Joyce may eat.
And the public says that they may care him because there's a big demand for these things.
And they come in little packages. Each package is 8 ounces. It looks like enough for one meal for a fat slob like us.
Yeah.
And boy, if it's as good as... There was a listener called and they got it a couple days ago. We called it in the yesterday and he said it was good.
Wow.
You know, you read the reviews online and some people loved it and some people hated it and they were whatever.
Well, I'll find out myself tonight after after another very profitable trip to you know where.
Well, so what did they yesterday, man? Me too.
Lucky day. I am on fire.
I sat down at a machine after I started out not too good and I just just by luck, you know, it's all luck.
I'm like yours which of course is a brain work but with me it's all luck and I sat down at the open machine up front and put in a little bit and there was BAM, 3000 on the line.
And I went...
BREKTOM! Yeah, like that.
I'm just right. You know, when you're on a streak, you play with confidence too.
That's right.
And I didn't even leave. I didn't even leave. I was, you know, ordinarily I hit that and I would leave and I went to another machine and I did pretty good there too.
So I had a nice... took a nice haul out of there yesterday. It's two days in a row which when you play the slots, that's very unusual.
Well, when I see even Jeff Bush more and more that when you told me yesterday they want to make damn sure that this thing fails, you know.
I mean, the people have voted, okay, the people of the state voted to let the people in date and proud vote and the people in proud voted.
Not only have they stoned walled and dragged and stalled this thing along but not only no ATMs but they can't serve any of them.
They can't give any freebies or I guess no free drinks, no free sodas, no nothing like that.
And everything in their power to discourage it from, you know, to make sure it fails.
Yep. What a joke.
And by the way, when you vote for something isn't supposed to become a law?
Yeah. I guess everybody here.
Oh, forget it everywhere. When you're dealing with the Bush family, there's no such thing as law.
What's the point of voting in Florida? You never get...
There isn't any. It's just very bad. Whatever the dictated decides it's going to be, that's what it winds up being.
They either change your vote or they...
Oh, also no bingo tables. Not bingo, no poker tables at the facilities once they start with the slots.
Well, that's brilliant.
Yep. I thought these were supposed to be gambling establishments.
I guess it's a better play that lotto governor fans.
I'll tell you something. I think they're getting plenty of whopper from somebody.
Yeah. I think somebody's slipping in the Mickey too if you ask me.
Yeah.
They're getting it from the same sides that were fighting this stuff for years.
They're from day one, the cruise ships, the engines, all of this crap man. They wanted all for themselves.
Great. I've great point.
Has nothing to do with what's more all right in this other crap.
It has to do with like, you know, just special interest, grabbing it all up.
And of course, then the taxpayers get no benefit from any of that.
Right.
From either one of those things. The cruise ships or the engines.
I will never forget years ago when the gambling issue was out there.
And the Miami Herald ran a guest editorial from Ted Harrison, the chairman of the car.
He means Ted Harrison that took his $9 billion in my life.
And he's got a written his radio.
Exactly. So we don't have to pay the taxes.
Yep. And he writes a piece about the evils of gambling.
Here's a guy.
And you know, here's a guy who's taking...
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
That's the same thing is what the Indians did when this thing was on a ballot.
They were going to November. Don't you remember? They had to.
We're running on TV.
Oh, gambling is going to destroy the moral fabric of South Florida.
And our reputation is a tourist. Mecca and families won't want to come.
And the meantime, they got the same crap going on.
And they want the whole package, man. They want the crops.
And there's a black jack. They want the whole full casino deal. Class three.
Yeah. Well, he didn't want it in his community.
A community eventually left and moved to Israel.
Right. Now, he only wanted on his ships so that people go out there and get in the money.
Right.
Or in the Bahamas, or in the Casino.
Well, there was any real political leadership, as you know, there's not.
But if there was any man, people would be screaming bloody murder.
But basically, the Bush people they do whatever they want.
Then somebody like Russ Finegul comes along on the national level.
Oh, gee. He's out of his mind.
And they're all running away from him like he's got...
Just like David and Howard Dean.
Somebody opens him up and tells the truth. And everybody runs away.
Yeah, he's crazy.
Yeah. That's right. It must be nuts to tell the truth.
Even though he probably knows how so much truth.
Oh, I remember that name.
To tell the truth. He played Superman up.
If he could do it.
He committed suicide, I believe.
A lot of Keyneshow hosts came out of here.
I'm not even really fly.
Yeah, that was it.
So George Reeves allegedly committed suicide Superman.
I guess it's not a good idea to play Superman.
And Chris Reeves looked at half of it at him.
Not a good role to play. And Marlon Brando, he played...
Hey, look at what happened to Frado when he talked about.
Wow, he went to see Superman at the time.
That's a good point. Yeah.
He went fishing. He said the two hellmarys, two few, was the problem.
If he'd have said two more, he'd have been all right.
You know, I was on Lake Tahoe one time on the North Shore.
What a beautiful place.
And I was out there. I was with a couple of guys that went to high school.
We got together out there. And they had a boat.
And we took the boat out. And we went right past the compound.
Where Frado was done in.
Really?
And my friend threw a fishing line over the side.
And started doing hellmarys.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, he went somewhere.
Respect.
So, for Frado.
Yeah.
I figured Frado, as soon as he was sitting on the curb rocking his head back and forth.
And he said, again, again.
After they chopped pop.
Yeah.
The dawn.
For Frado. And you know, he was fumbling with the gun like kind of like fidgeting.
They knew.
They knew he couldn't handle a family business.
That's a lot of them.
Oh, Luca.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me worry about Luca.
Yeah.
He had that like a wild animal look with the teeth, you know, over the front, over the, uh,
the lips, the teeth.
Bob.
You can, you can analyze that movie, mate.
You just sit there.
For months, they never even scratched the surface.
It's just incredible.
But it's great when you see that compound from the water.
Yeah.
And it's just what, you know, I mean, that's where they filmed it.
Yeah.
Hellmarry, holy mother of God.
I guess the Catholic church wasn't too crazy about that movie either.
Yeah.
They did everything in their power to keep it from being released.
You mean number three?
No, all of them.
Not even the first one.
In fact, I remember Joe Dodgeola going on here on the day show away a hundred years ago when the first one came out.
And he had a guy from the Catholic League and they were both lamenting, oh my gosh, this is so anti-Catholic.
It was anti-Catholic.
Yeah, right.
Or a lot of you know,
remember when he was coming out father, Connie's baby.
Yeah.
It was the day he was taking care of the family's business.
I remember.
Yeah, from rural.
You been out in Satan Michael?
I do.
I do.
And then, like that.
Church is very happy to take care of you.
Just like the thing with Gotti Jr. going to services.
And of course that slimeball Curtis sleeper was all up at arms and screaming about that the other day.
Well, too bad.
The Catholic Church is always welcome.
The Mafiose would open arms and legs because they got the big bucks.
Why not?
It's good business.
Meanwhile, Gotti, you know, another on jury.
Yeah.
Have we had to say that?
No, another, uh, f*** jury.
In fact, when they thought Milosevic was hung the other day, I was afraid to talk about that.
Then come to find out they poisoned his ass.
Oh.
Or whatever that was.
Who cares? He's dead. That's a good news.
You know, why do we have to have all these analizations?
Let's just celebrate it.
By the way, how's, uh, what's his name?
Mary, I'll sure on doing.
Don't hear much about it.
No, we don't hear anything about him.
We go through these long blackouts of, uh, nobody says anything.
They said he was, uh, the stealth was coming back there for a while.
They said he was gagging on too many of those stale homentosh in the last couple of days before him, but other than that.
I guarantee you, they weren't feeding him those little bricks.
By the way, David Alverstam came through again.
Now, I heard, but he may still send it to wrong ones, man.
Those are not for real Jews. Those are for goyem.
Those little triangles, man, get the real soft ones, the big, poppy seed ones.
Yeah, the only thing I could do was to the real ones.
Which is a grape juice.
Oh, yeah, I do love it.
You can't be drinking grape juice.
Are you grape juice is good for you.
Yeah, I mean, I heard about some early.
So diabetics, it's like, oh my god, Jesus, get the IV and hook the cure for this man's nose.
Jesus, you can't drink grape juice.
It's like it's pure sugar.
It's not good for you when you're diabetic.
For you need some serious assistance, man.
I'm going to, I'm going to, if these sugar talking noodles are good, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do.
Yeah.
But you won't eat them anyway.
I would.
Would you?
Yeah.
If they're good, then I'm going to like, I'll have a ten pack, a thing of tenica.
They're coming a scour foam thing.
Would like the dry ice in it.
You have to cook them for two or three minutes.
You parboil it.
So you can't you handle that.
I'm sure you have a microwave in your fabulous joint.
Have a housekeeper.
Oh, there's a microwave at the station.
Oh, there you go.
You can nuke them right in there.
You can borrow our microwave.
I'll get the beast to do it.
There you go.
Two or three minutes.
Put a little low carb sauce on there and it's, well, I'll let you know if it's good.
Okay.
So tomorrow, I have something to look forward to.
The report.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to tell you something.
I'm going to make such a splash with this thing.
Publix better get ready to start carrying this because any article had said they were planning maybe to carry it.
Because if I like it, man, I'm going to create a run on this stuff like you know.
You can do that.
What you did for fish food.
Beyond, way beyond that.
Because this is, you know, as well as I do that, all of us fat people were in love with the tide in food.
Would like noodles, man.
Yeah.
Like it once upon a time in America.
Remember noodles?
Sure.
I think his middle name was Luxiancogal.
Oh, I do love a good Luxiancogal like in France.
So remember that?
Did you saw a fan so far?
Yeah.
Wow.
I tell you that.
Lost in America was a great movie.
What about once upon a time in America?
Whatever.
Lost in America was the one where you lost Albert Brooks.
That was the wrong.
Once upon a time in America was the real thing in that movie.
Yeah, it was fantastic.
Brian Bloom and Deniro and James Woods.
Yeah.
Even James Woods was good in there.
Especially in the end where they like,
while his zits kept popping out of the back of that garbage truck.
That was good.
You knew he was in there because the zits were popping out.
It was either him or Wayne.
I'm not sure which one.
Remember Wayne?
Yeah.
So how about that Johnny Culpepper, baby?
Or it's talking Super Bowl.
What do you think?
We'll see.
I still think there was a horrible story about how he stiffed that poor little kid
and he gave him the jewelry and then he took it back.
That was bad.
There was a story in Sunsandle today about how the odds dropped on the top and it's in Las Vegas.
Yeah.
Well they didn't drop in Las Vegas.
Some offshore place that made eyes on him.
But until they know if Culpepper is going to play or not this year,
they're not going to be any other time.
What do you mean if he's going to play or not?
What does that mean?
He was coming off in the injury.
He might not be ready.
Oh.
Wouldn't that be a tough break?
Wouldn't that be bad?
You don't mean more Gus for right?
Well Gus for right was unfortunately healthy.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
Oh, you mean they bring back Gus for right?
Right.
We didn't have a very good quarterback.
Well listen on that note,
keep the streak going.
I know I'm sure going to.
Yeah.
Yesterday I did it again.
I went five out of six and I was five for five and I picked six.
They had a $31,000 pot.
Yeah.
And I ran second in the six Las Vegas.
Oh, I need a one shot beat.
He went in, happened.
Oh, well, but I would obviously go on the way.
But there was no winner then.
No, they've got a big carrier over today.
Yesterday they hit it.
Yeah.
Well, that's because it's poor in this week.
So all the fat Jews get a chance to win big this week.
So you don't have any money.
We're in the money.
Okay.
I still money on it.
Yeah, keep it going.
I still have a way to go.
And you.
I'll be.
Oh.
Okay, Mr.
But you better promise me you will drink responsibly.
Don't worry.
I'll drink responsibly.
Lots of it.
If you're going to drink, drink responsibly.
I'll drink responsibly.
Pay their tender.
Another round of responsibly.
Responsibly is a new beer that will keep their party going.
While you keep your words.
A home.
You promise you drink responsibly.
You drink responsibly.
And I get all night long.
Ha ha ha.
Well, I have you know I spent the whole night sitting on the Davenport.
I'm very important.
I'm very important.
Thank you.
Sometimes the only thing that you do is drink responsibly.
You know, you may come with a party.
Come on.
It's after 10 at 5.60 W.A.M.
The sun is shining.
The birds are singing.
It's a great day.
Man, a sure talk.
He showed up this morning about 9.35.
Didn't I tell you it was going to show?
I did.
I tracked it all away from New York to Jersey to where it was.
It Louisville to Mrs. Saga.
Absolutely.
To if salanti and ish from me.
And even minasha and then right to my dough.
And it come a nice little package.
A little bag's packed in water.
And now listen, I really can't tell till I open it.
But I sniff the outside of the bag.
And it smells.
It smells.
It smells not.
They have to be water.
Huh?
They're like pre-wettinged.
They're packed in water.
Huh.
And they're not like those cup of noodles.
These are like fettuccine shaped.
They're flat.
What do you do?
I'll let you know tomorrow it's going to be a very big day.
This could be the climax.
If they all you fat people out there, we may have discovered the magic bullet.
1013, a QA.
And when it comes to mattresses, there are a lot of gimmicks going on.
Now, the latest are sleep numbers.
Otherwise known as air mattresses.
Lot of hot air.
They're only warranty in full for two years.
They squeak, they pop.
They can lose their setting to a diet.
And they cost you an arm in 16 legs.
If you really want a high quality brand name mattress that lasts you for years and years,
then call the great folks of dollar mattress.
At 1-800 mattress, this is the smartest, the easiest piece of shopping you could ever do.
When you call that number, you get no run-arounds, no showroom shenanigans, just factory direct prices.
And the best brands you know and trust.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you choose from Florida's largest inventory of the best names in the business.
Seely, Sturdy, Simmons, King Coral, Teferpete, Sterns, and Foster, and Hewitt already.
For a same day delivery, it prices lower than the so-called big name chain stores, even during the big sales.
And as far as delivery is concerned, nobody can touch their deal because you still get to pick the two-hour window that you want delivery and to date.
Like noon to two, one to three, etc. and they show up.
I've been a satisfied customer of dollar mattress for years and I guarantee you, I'll bet you clearance his life on it.
And that's the day you will be to call today 1-800 mattress, log onto their website mattress.com.
That's 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational Steu-Pen-Dis-Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-F-A.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
This is the best mattress ever.
You're bad.
When a martyred moment here are your 72 virgin turns into the right moment.
Will you be ready?
You can be with Ciara.
The only easy way to get out of this is to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
The only easy way to get out of this.
Being awarded 1 mp 16edly stuck in a�続 datet in March,
Having won the Hartle Hut Heat today.
Practice Train It High.
Keep this pending.
With this pending customersTendonrightle Sunday.
With this pending customersTendonrightle Sunday.
It Kind Of Has,
And then we got the Marlins and the Dodgers at 105 from zero.
Mad Dog follows the baseball game and then we got the Roberto Lagocho with Gildi at Doris
Market in Boca at the 6.37 o'clock at summer came Heartline and Bernie Cosa steakhouse
with Jesse Agler and also 9 to 10 Jesse in the studio.
What happened to the beast?
Josh?
I don't know.
I'll be out there as well.
Well, that's good.
And Josh is going to have some of those best of Abat, Monia.
I will, yeah.
Well good.
Not that anybody's going to buy him, but he'll have some of them.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I'm going to have some of those.
I've never seen an agonfrider where Jack Waltz finds the horse's head in his bed.
He starts going,
It's crazy.
Like that.
That's how I feel like going right now.
It's sudden, sudden, sudden.
I understand.
But they, I'm going to set seven hours you went to that hearing.
What do you find in the stomach?
I don't know why.
Yeah.
Who do you try to tell us?
But, but, but, but, but,
Seven hours you went there.
Who do you find out if they're like panhandling or something?
They went rule by rule.
Yeah.
When they came through no comps, I said,
How can we compete against Vegas?
We're given hamburger.
And they got steak.
The purpose of this was for tourism.
And for the reason that it raised a lot of money for the schools,
which Augustine Arifread asked him what he wanted to do,
he wants to do everything as power to make sure it fails.
But the American public has been weaned on the Vegas style.
Here's a t-shirt.
Here's a one the mug.
Yeah, they love it.
Yeah.
Also, as far as AMT machine.
Why are you telling me these things that we already know?
They were given, they were given the information.
We say they were given the information.
So they can't say they didn't know about it.
You have mainly batteries and manufacturers there.
That was excellent.
For the player, they're strict.
They've got rules that are fair.
Yeah, but did they have a good machine?
That's what I want.
They need to have a good machine.
Multiple games on the computer.
Shout out to your award from Poppano Park, by the way.
I wonder how it's going to be.
And then what's there?
And then Dan Atkins was there.
They spoke.
They've got machines now that have different games on it.
But because the state wants to kick it a receipt from each one,
Bally's has the technology, but it won't be available for six months.
So they can't allow that.
But no poker machines.
I said you have poker in your own homes since 1990.
Let me know poker machines.
Poker machines are some of the most popular in any casino now.
But the state has allowed poker in your own homes since 1989 as an 18-year-old.
But why are you arguing this with me?
We're stating that.
Well, since standard was a real pleasure.
5, 6, 7, oh god.
What are we going to do with him?
I have no life.
Oh my god.
And he's like, he's peddling this to me.
Like talking about preaching to the choir.
Don't you look around you, Stan.
After looking at your son, burn, rotting skin.
Okay?
Here's a guy that looks like a cigar store engine.
This skin is so fried.
It's so baked.
And his brain as well.
Just look at yourself.
And then it should remind you of something.
You're in Florida, baby.
You're in Florida.
And you're like, no, just understand where you are.
Nothing is going to work right.
Nothing is going to be done the right way because you've got all these other forces like the opera that I just got through.
So just deal with it, Stan.
Oh god.
This is 5, 16, 4, 8.
I have no tape.
I have no life.
They say that everyone is Irish.
And since that is the consumalos they in folks even have an Irish name.
But there's one man in particular who really is quite mild.
God let his last name for your folks is not from the emerald aisle.
So are Kelly and Irish.
He don't like wearing green.
He'll only go out with a lass whose underage 15.
I've Kelly and Irish.
He's just a slimy punk.
And I was hazing silent when I listen into funk.
No, Kelly and Irish.
In case you didn't know, that's because real Irishmen don't call each other raw.
No, that's because real Irishmen don't call each other raw.
You know, my whole life I never really thought about this.
Do you think there's any black Irishmen?
I mean, there's black British here people.
Sure.
Well, why can't they call each other raw?
You know, I think they call each other raw.
Oh, but I'll.
Everyone go bra.
That's right.
1032 at 560 W.D.C.
And we got that Marlon game coming up.
We got to talk real fast.
I'm so depressed after hearing from Casino Stan.
And of course it only took me about seven seconds to realize who I was talking to.
I'm obsessed.
I have no idea.
I'm obsessed.
And fuck up, pavio.
All these years you keep like beating a dead horse.
Don't you understand it?
It's like Walla Amnesty pounding on that horse that's fading in the stretch.
Why do you keep doing that Stan?
Just kiss the ground that you've got anything.
It's a miracle.
Who would have ever dreamed we even got anything in Florida.
Much less the real thing and much less the way it ought to be done right.
It's the Florida F and way.
It's the Jeb Bush F and way.
And by the way, when you watch Loose Change Part 2, take a very close one.
In fact, watch it four or five times about Marvin Bush, whom we hear very little about.
Larvin, see that?
Yeah, Marvin Bush.
By the way, can you hear in the background?
I closed the door.
Yeah, I hear it.
We're doing the monthly fire alarm during the middle of the show here.
There you go.
It's going to be.
Actually, I think we're doing it for Joyce's benefit.
Bush, your approval falls to 33%.
Can it get any lower?
And like we've been asking for a long time, who are those 33%.
Dan, Dan at that, right?
And Congress earns rare praise.
In the aftermath of the Dubai Ports, the old president Bush is approval rating.
He said a new low and his image for honesty and effectiveness has been damaged.
Just when you thought it couldn't get any lower 33%.
As a matter of fact, his numbers had dropped faster than ours.
If you look, going back just, wow, January 2005, he had a 50% approval rating.
Then in July, six months later, 44%.
December 38.
February, about a little bounce, 40% and now in March 33% in the Pew poll.
And the impression that I'm going to go through the whole thing here, it's all bad.
Most Americans, 58% believe Congress act that appropriate, the insurgency opposing the Dubai, do we do we deal?
Well, just 24% say lawmakers made too much of the situation.
Well, there's broad support for the way Congress handled the dispute.
More Americans think democratically to show a good judgment on the Ports as you.
Then say the same about GOP leaders by 30% to 20%.
The new Pew survey underscores the public's alarm over the prospect that an airborne company could have operated the US ports.
Fully, oh, it's a slotta fobby, I want to get any right.
What's the Arab street thinking?
Well, do you know what the answer that is?
I give up.
They're not.
Oh, fully 41% say they paid very close attention to news about the debate, which is unusually high interest for Washington's story.
Only slightly lower than number tracking Iraq war news, very close to which is 43%.
There was broad opposition they proposed deal from across the political spectrum, even the broads were against, including two to one disapproval among conservative Republicans, 56 to 20% to 7%.
Among conservative Republicans, 33% is the lowest rating of his presidency.
His job performance mark is now about the same as the ratings for Democratic and Republican congressional leaders, 34% to 32% respectively, which showed no improvement.
It's part of the public approval of the congressional response to the Ports deal.
How do you like that?
And his ratings for handling a several specific issues, especially terrorism, have declined sharply.
Just 42% now approve of his handling of terrorist threats and 11 point drop in just one month.
Because obviously when business trump security issues, when all the Carlisle group and all these other Bush shenanigans going on with daddy and all the brothers, what that's more important than all the oil shenanigans going on, then really securing the public.
And of course what we saw with Katrina, then that should tell you a lot.
Okay, should tell you a whole hell of a lot.
Speaking of Katrina, where the hell's that story I got about downtown Mickey Brown?
See, I shove some of these things way back there.
Yeah.
I better shove them on the top because we got a short show today.
We got just a couple of them.
If we're going to save the world today, we're going to like move these things around, shuffle them around.
Oh, should I shuffle the deck?
Yeah, then just surprise yourself.
Catherine Harris, here's some more good news.
She's running, baby.
Oh!
Yeah.
Let's see.
Oh, here's another one for the Guns and Boos.
That's good.
I like that.
Somebody tell the dead I dick that.
He's out there duck hunting for you, talking to you.
And get that out on our Guns and Boos.
High schools and military recruiters.
So I like them.
That's very good.
Beauty.
Nice going.
Thank you, Barbara.
Thanks, Ben.
U.S. Representative Catherine Harris plans to spend $10 million of her daddy's inheritance
in her race to unseid the Senate Democratic Senate of Bill Nelson, she announced last night.
She had a speculation that she'd quit the race on Fox News, Hannity and Coums.
What a surprise you showed up there.
Would you hear about her playing?
What about it?
I heard about it.
I heard about it.
She would get out of the race after her name was associated with a defense contractor who brought another congressman.
By the way, you don't think that that white plane that was flying over Washington at the time that the appendicitac
you don't think that could have been a drone, do you?
Hey, shut up, Connie.
No.
Anyway, Catherine says I'm staying.
I'm in this race.
I'm going to win, she told Sean Hannity.
I'm going to put everything on the line.
Well, guess what?
You've got a Chinaman's chance in Perkittor, honey.
You've got a much more chance of getting elected dog catcher.
Even if she spends millions in the race, though it'll be difficult for her to catch up to Nelson says the A&P.
A University of North Florida pull released hours before her TV appearance shows Harris 20 points behind 48 to 28.
Her challenge is that she's well known, said Matthew Corrigan, a political science professor of the University.
These are both well known candidates, where that name recognition comes in trenched opinions.
She is well known.
In other words, we know what we're dealing with.
Fixed elections, all kinds of skull doggery.
Harris is despised by many Democrats and independence for the role she played in the 2000 presidential fix.
When a Florida Secretary of State, she certified President Bush's 537 vote victory.
New Supreme Court later stopped recounts, challenging the result because they were all daddy's buddies.
Or most of them.
Harris's campaign has been the subject of speculation since Mitchell Wade, the former president of MZM Inc.
admitted making 32,000 illegal contributions to Harris's 2004 House campaign.
Wade also pleaded guilty to bribing former U.S. representative Duke Cunningham, who was sent to prison earlier this month for bribery.
Harris said she didn't knowingly do anything illegal.
She said he donated to money to charity, right?
Just like Bill Frist, he didn't realize he had that stock.
So that's why he sold it because he didn't realize he had it.
Nobody knows nothing.
Nobody knows from nothing, baby.
By the way, our alarm, the test is over.
Well, good.
I can open up the door because it's getting real toasty in here, man.
Too bad we don't have like a full show today because I would take like a segment.
I would go and cook up some of them sure talking noodles with some of that nice low-carb sauce.
I'm telling you, man, you folks better tune in tomorrow.
It's going to be one day, especially you fat people out there who are desperate.
You post the levers who can't get nearer to a toucher even sniff it.
That could be monumental.
829, even though we got a short show, we'll make that $1,000 by 1250.
I'll bet you Josh's life on it right now.
No problem, right?
Right.
Well, you know what I'm telling you.
By the way, for our band and pay rest, you've got $17,935.
So you should be able to get that other $65 tonight at your appearance at whatever it is.
Bernie Kossar steakhouse.
I have a tonight.
I'm sure I will.
In fact, if you go buying your really nice, Josh will buy a dinner.
How's that?
The longest bid is all over the toothpick through it.
$10 would be good.
How about one in a little slice dollars?
Half a black olive.
Can you handle it?
As long as there aren't too many people asking for it.
829 votes.
What simply doesn't make spread away.
Thanks to Sean, I sell them to one of his polls.
They were a little on the week side this week, but they're not bad.
There's a good poll, isn't it?
It's a good poll.
Very good poll.
Church in state 267 Jews and Arabs 126.
But look who's coming, baby.
W. Who now says this preemptive strategy of strike and other captura.
We're going back to that again.
We're going to hit them before they hit us.
In other words, the ramblings of a madman.
George Bush and the White House 100, too.
They, he's passed the others like they were laying flat out.
Moved into a strong third.
He'll pass the Jews and the Arabs like their busy eight and halavada together.
Old Farts in driving 85.
Black folks in movie theaters 78.
Talk when you get outside, please.
Sex and party 77.
Money and friendship 34.
Business and family 21.
South Florida and hockey 19.
Radio and dumb jox 11.
Sex and food 11.
High schools and military recruiters.
Guns and booze.
Look how they hell he spelled booze.
VOOS.
Booze with an S.
And old Farts in movie theaters so far have known.
I got another one.
How could we have forgotten this one?
Cubans and Democrats.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.69 AF.
Beyond God.
Robomin a crap out of a rack again.
No sudden strike.
A lot more than goes.
They say their weapons.
A mass destruction.
I say this in.
A couple mega-times.
Barmeer.
Absolutely.
A riot.
In the Gulf of Washington.
Let him off the road.
I think it's time to give his butter wool.
Right, though.
So it's time to blow those p-wants up on their right.
Barmeer up.
Till there's nothing left to see.
Barmeer up.
Till 7.60 feet.
Barmeer up.
Blow up the creep.
Barmeer up.
And then the rain is not the dirt.
And the chemicals that burn.
And the oil that I'm wearing on my phone skirt.
If we land the clear.
We're gonna be wet.
Because some of them smells won't be good.
Barmeer up.
Bring it to an end.
Barmeer up.
Blow it up again.
Barmeer up.
Blown on CNN.
Barmeer up.
Woo.
Barmeer up.
That's what they do right now.
And tomorrow maybe they're bombin' in these.
We're gonna be about to stoning on a chemical epigage.
From here on a chemical bomb.
And in the Tamarack age, you can't get much older than that.
How about your side?
Anyway, the sunsettles take in a poll.
The state has proposed a touch set of rules for permutials that will have slot machines in broard.
No poker tables in the facility.
No ATMs and no freebies to gamblers is the state being unfair.
That's like when a glued doves pulls, you know, is good better than bad.
Like that.
Two, three choices here.
Yes, governor Bush's anti-gambling, so his administration is making it difficult for the permutials.
That's the obvious correct answer.
And 71.3% of the almost 4,500 people have voted in the sunsettled poll said yes to that.
Bush's anti-gambling, he's given a screwing.
24.9% say no, the state needs to place strict limits on these operations.
Rye.
And 3.8% 169 people say, but I'm not sure.
There's always that segment.
They don't know the matter.
What the question is, as in what's your name, I'm not sure.
What they is it, I'm not sure.
Is the sunshine in, I'm not sure.
Things like that.
Tough questions.
So 71% of the people are propped off, but first of all, your fat ass governor can't run against me.
And number two, you know, we'll get used to it.
How's that bullet train coming by the way?
Oh, yeah.
Like a bullet.
862 votes, we're going to have that thousand.
We've got two hours to go to get it.
Two hours, but that's too much.
And after that call from Casino Stan, I'm a little reluctant to take another one.
2am, hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Neil, I've got a black Irishman George probably knows this cat.
He's the founding member in Lee Tinger for Thin Lizzies, the band.
Plus, I've been way more important than that.
Boy, let me ask you, the boys back in town, though.
That's the question.
There you go.
You know it.
I know it.
I know it.
I know it.
I know it.
I know it.
I know it.
I know it.
I know it.
Yeah, it's a word.
Do I see what?
The history of violence of Vigil Morgan Stern, who?
No, I did not.
Do you like him?
I don't even know who the hell that is.
Oh, and he's brilliant.
Vigil Morgan Stern.
Vigil Morgan Stern.
Yeah, he came to Howard Stern.
I've heard about him.
Okay, I've heard about him.
Who's that?
Vigil Mortensen.
Who's that?
He's the guy that was in that movie that he was talking about.
He's the actor.
He's the guy.
You will like him.
By the way, I've got, you know, the argument we're having for the hundredth time yesterday.
George is back though.
George has lost this one now.
I don't tell you why, Josh.
Tell me why.
You're witness to it because before the show many days, you'll hear George touting some movie to mean he'll say,
Oh, there's this young guy in here I think you'd like.
Right?
Right.
Now, I've lost any of them at all.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
How is that possible that you can know that unless you look at him and saw a certain characteristic?
Well, what is it that you see about these young guys that you think I would like?
Because I know the kind of guys that you like.
But how can you tell them?
Based on the kind of guys that you have always talked about.
Based on what they look like.
Right.
Well, how can you tell them unless you can recognize them using your type 3?
I didn't say it between record and record.
George gets on an elevator because yesterday, like I asked him about seeing a good looking guy in a mall and he says,
Oh, he wouldn't look.
George gets in an elevator and the twentieth floor going out of the first floor in an office building.
And the fifteenth floor of the elevator opens in here.
A real good looking young guy walks in and stands there waiting to go.
And George turns around and faces the back of the elevator.
No.
Because you don't want to look at him.
You don't want to change his argument when you lose.
But I lose.
Right.
It's a win-win all the way around.
There's no losing.
I didn't say that me or anybody else does this move.
You see?
Unless you can tell.
Unless you can see it with your own four eyes, Mr.
I didn't say that I couldn't.
It's just not something that one notices.
Well, you don't notice it that how can you tell me?
Generally speaking, boy.
He doesn't even let you finish this.
I see that.
George is scouting the movies for a manpower.
Well, thank you very much.
No problem.
I have to hear for you.
And many times I've told you about volatio
as high-baves in movies.
And also, when I was the one who turned you out to
Britney Spears years ago.
I like the guy that's called.
If I attended her's movies in the movie, I'll say that.
The point that I'm ashamed of that.
I don't have to lie about it.
Make up a story.
Oh, I would never see a hot baby in a movie.
I would like movies flashing out.
I would never say that.
The point I kept trying to make.
I would look away.
The point I kept trying to make.
And the caller even got it wrong.
Everybody got it wrong.
They do.
You got to go, oh my wife asked me all the time.
And that's the point I made right there.
Is something that I've been looking at.
Is something, yes.
Is something that brings us up.
If there's a reason to take notice.
And what's your response?
Yes or no?
How can you give a yes or no if you can tell?
I didn't say I couldn't tell.
And I never said that.
And I never said that.
Oh my God.
Don't make it up to you.
How about those people?
We put Cubans in Democrats.
We had to put Cubans in head of a sexuality.
I'm sorry.
I just want to do it.
Just it.
When you lighten up my God.
Jesus.
You are.
Is he uptight or is this my vision?
I'm not.
Josh.
You've never had sex with a straight guy.
Josh.
It might be a little bit of your imagination.
Oh.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
How many checks is he sending you over?
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
I want to play imaginary with you for a second.
What was the chance to be a be going to satellite if they were off for you?
No.
It's like talking about one of the chances of $400 million falling into your backyard by
noon.
You would be...
It's not going to happen.
It's no still funny, but like some of the loves ones die.
Even though it incurs into everything you want.
He doesn't compare to you.
I understand that, but it's not going to happen.
No, you understand?
I got an agent who is an idiot.
I got to...
It's just aggravating and even bringing it up.
Why do these people keep bringing it up?
You know?
I guess they're trying to suck up a little bit, which I appreciate.
But there's no point in it.
It's like beating a dead horse.
It's like casino stand.
Hacking me with that casino crap again.
Just get used to it.
I'm doing fine.
I have no...
I would only wish to each and every one of you that your life would be as fine as mine
as these days.
Believe me.
I have no complaints.
And for me, that's really saying a lot.
None.
Now that I've erased from my mind all this stuff about this station and who's on 2-4, I don't
care about any of that.
Just pay me.
That's all.
Leave me alone.
Joe Bell came in this morning making sure everybody's happy.
Pat is on the back, which is especially...
And that's it.
Pay me on time.
That's all.
I mean, that's a little bit of promotion.
And the 30th anniversary thing went over like a pregnant pole vaulter.
It could have been a little bit...
A little bit more exciting than that.
And then this fundraiser thing I didn't want any part of.
But you know, something who cares.
These are like little minor like when you get a scratch on your shoulder.
You know, like a little tiny age.
That's it.
You scratch it over for two seconds and it goes away.
Little irritants in life.
My life is great.
The sun is shining.
It's a little on the cool sides about 35 degrees.
I'm used to that.
I have no problem with that.
I'm a happy camper.
1250, I will be out the door so fast like lightning bolt.
You couldn't...
You couldn't fart faster than I'm going to be out that door.
I had a way to plunge my guts out.
It's my new expensive hobby.
I'm having a great time.
I'm sure it's talking noodles arrived today.
My low carb sauce showed up yesterday.
What timing?
How it was good?
What's not to like?
I'm anxiously anticipating the review.
Tomorrow is going to be...
I'm telling you, Mouli and Portante, that show tomorrow.
You ought to be U-Fat folks.
And the other ones too.
How to be glued to it.
And the radio too.
So this business of Keith Beaton, you would have satellite day.
It would be great.
I wouldn't lie to you.
It would be great.
I'd love to be heard by a lot more people.
I wish we had like that loose change.
Even just for things like that.
The bulk of bridefathers.
Right.
The people here.
The stuff that we have on our website.
The millions of people ought to be looking and peeing their pants
and getting really excited about.
But of course there are people that don't want that to happen.
There are a lot of people who want to make damn sure that doesn't happen.
In addition to which there are some people that talk a good game.
But they haven't got the cohones to do it.
And let me say it again.
Oh, and I've got the story in here.
As long as that guy called with his song in advance about...
Here it is.
XM and Sirius reached new lows on Wall Street yesterday.
America's subscription radio providers each lost ground on Wall Street.
And the opening broadcast that a morning said it lows not seen in a long time.
XM was down 51 cents to $20.5.
It's lowest value since November 3rd, 2003.
Two and a half years.
The fallen XM share value came after standard and poor's equity research maintained a hold rating on XM.
And reduced the 12 month discounted cash flow based target price from 27 to 24 bucks.
And widened its estimate of the loss for 2006 per share from $2 to $2.22.
Meanwhile, Sirius dropped 15 cents to $4.45, retreating to the company's lowest since November 15th of last year of 2004.
Their time for Sirius came today after the release of its latest SEC filing which showed a dip of more than a thousand active Sirius subscribers at Hertz from 2004 to $5.
And it continued average churn rate of 1.5%.
So, you know, there was all that big hoop line at the beginning and Howard's on there.
And I'm ready. He's got millions of fans and that's wonderful.
The fact is, most people don't want to pay for something they can get for free.
Okay? If you can get good sex for free, are you going to pay for it?
I mean, I could understand if you're only going to get it at home and it's not all that great to it.
But that's another story. But seriously, you see what I'm saying?
Right.
Why are people going to pay for something they can get for free in addition to which what has he got on there?
What has he got?
Oh, Stern's got all these different stations to program. He's got Bob Butterfriken loves bunge.
He's got Scott Farrell who's, you know, we know what he is.
The package, the big package, and the big, whatever it is, you know, the big bazumbas.
And that's it. And he's got Martha Stewart on there and they got Lynn Samuel's and her ancient, the Fag Hagroutine.
That's it. Where is the beef, baby? Where is the talent? The fact of the matter is that most of the people with any talent are under contract working in so-called terrestrial radio.
Oh, you guys are left behind.
Well, last time I checked, I'm not missing any meal.
This is the meal Roger. This is 5.62.8.
This is the meal Roger, shall we?
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Those weapons of hash destruction got to be somewhere.
We've obtained photographs that officials called definite proof for W&D's, what that means for your weekend, I think.
I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous.
Saddam Hussein was a threat.
I'm sorry.
And it's hard work.
And it's hard work.
It's hard work.
And it's hard work.
It's hard work.
Everybody knows this hard work.
Now they got the ball!
Now come on, let's go shoot something!
Now they got the ball!
And again, let's be shoot at cats!
Do it for the sick!
Boy, I love shooting a nail gun!
I love shooting a nail gun, too!
Alright, 11-0-0-2 at 5.60 WQAM.
And running gang of the United Nations is that whenever the United States takes a defiant stand against an overwhelming majority of the 191 member states,
there are only three countries that predictably vote with Washington most of the time, whether it's Ryder Dead Wrong.
As expected, this incongruous voting pattern was repeated yesterday when the three loyal U.S. allies, Israel, and the two tiny Pacific Island nations of Palau and the Marshall Islands,
were the only member states to stand in unison with the U.S. when it rejected a resolution calling for creation of a new Human Rights Council.
The vote in the General Assembly was 170 in favor and four against U.S. Israel Marshall Islands Palau, with three abstentions, Venezuela, Iran, and Belarus.
Since the U.S. has no veto in the General Assembly, the resolution was adopted by an overwhelming majority.
The U.S. opposition couldn't block the establishment of the new Human Rights Council.
When the exception of the usual auditions of two tiny, dependent island states, the United States and Israel stand alone,
and define virtually the entire road support for the new Human Rights Council said,
Phyllis Benes, senior fellow at the Washington-based Institute for Policy Studies.
What kind of a fellow was named Phyllis? But at any rate, well, we got one.
Long on to WQAM.com and make your picks for Bell South Hoops in Stereo.
Picks are made round by round. So start making your first round selections right now.
User with the most points at the end of the user, the plunger, the contestant,
with the most points at the end of the term, wins the grand prize for $1,000.
Perry lives. Was that Perry again?
Oh sure was.
Way in the back.
On top of it this time.
Perry's way off in the back. He's dead, but nobody can tell the difference.
What simply doesn't mix is our poll today. It's a good poll question. We got 904 votes.
We'll have over 1,000 by noon. How do you like that?
Just because we got a short show. Don't sell our short.
Don't forget I'm going to try my short-talkie noodles tonight with my low-carb pasta sauce.
And maybe some nice meatballs.
Although you know what I do like to do.
What do you like to do?
You know that raw worst order from Omaha Stakes?
I like to put that in my flavor-weight deluxe and cook that about 15 minutes.
And then slice it up. You know, and it's like sausage. You know, let's forget the sausage.
Slice it up in small pieces and then put that in my sauce.
Oh yeah.
And then put that together with my short-talkie noodles on the last heavy parmesan cheese.
And Mr. Ego would say, that sounds pretty good to me.
Boy, if that is good, it's going to revolutionize my life and maybe a lot of yours too.
We'll see.
What simply doesn't mix church in state 286 God forbid Jews and Arabs who have done a law
who have proven it for thousands of years, 138.
George Bush in the White House, 122, he's right up on the Jews and Arabs ass.
How's that the road map coming by the way?
Oh, it's a little bumpy.
Old parts in driving 87, black folks in movie theaters 82, sex and potty 80.
I wonder what the restaurant could critical think about that.
What's that was his name?
The one that's croaked.
Oh geez.
I can't think of anything.
Money in friendship 35, probably just as well.
South Ford and hockey 23, business and family 22, radio and dumb jocks 11, OJ, sex and food 11, guns and booze for.
Oh, thank you, Eric, for Josh had booze, spelled B-O-O-S.
Now listen, forget it, church as much of it as you do, you ought to be able to least just spell it.
I can throw it down, just can't spell it.
You can throw it down, throw this.
And spell better once he's under the influence.
I see.
High schools and military recruiters too.
Cubans and Democrats won.
Old parts in movie theaters none?
Come on, are you crazy?
They start repeating the dialogue out loud in the middle of the movie.
Oh, and now he says to you just said, I think that the joke killed the guy, whatever.
I guess these people probably don't frequent those kind of establishments and just as well.
Nine, ten, baby, that's our new frequency.
We're moving to the middle of the dial.
I say let's take over that 940 frequency with that scar America crap on there.
We could cheer get a big number if we had a frequency if we were on FM.
Man, let's go on FM, what do you say?
Forget about that satellite crap.
Sure, let's do it.
And I'm going to take one more.
WQIM, hello.
QIM.
No.
Yes, sir.
I got an addition for your poll.
Okay.
What about the dolphins in the superpowers?
I like it.
Okay.
Even with Donnie's call peppers.
Dolphins and the Super Bowl, I like it.
And if you wanted to do a sports one, how about another one?
Panthers in the playoffs.
All right.
Oh, brother.
Nice game last night.
Not.
They didn't even show up.
I don't think.
Four nothing lost to the flyers.
Even Robert Esch, who's the backup goalie, not for Philadelphia.
Behind that Nidamaki guy.
Robert Esch, they played the second place, the second string goalie against you.
That tells you a lot that they think you suck and a panthers did.
Four nothing.
Four zip.
No playoffs again.
Over and over and over again.
But at least you have the honor of handing five bucks starting in the first of July.
And next season when you walk through that gate, I thought you were going to get panthers
attendance.
No, no.
I think panthers in the playoffs are running that good because without saying that, you could say
Marlins and attendance other than the dolphins just about how about the WNBA?
How's that doing?
How the striker is doing?
Look at all the things that have failed at it in South Florida, you know?
Just, you know, because, you know, just numbers alone don't make a metropolitan area.
Follow what I'm saying.
Just because there's four million people, indeed, Robert and Palm Beach, or maybe there's more now.
It doesn't mean anything.
It means nothing because they're like, they got nothing to do with each other.
It's like this associated folks who are like from all over the hell's half acre.
And they don't give a crap about each other about anything unless somebody team gets hot.
And then, well, then it's a different story.
A Dubai owned company announced yesterday they will sell all the way head this at the end of the show,
but it's worth repeating.
We'll sell all its US port, because we're very newsy.
All its US port operations within four to six months to an American buyer, providing new details about
its sale plans that were forced by congressional concerns over terrorism security.
Lawmakers have criticized the Bush administration for approving DP worlds earlier plans to operate in the US,
said they were satisfied high ever.
The House voted yesterday 377 to 38.
The formally expressed opposition to DP world running any port terminals in America.
How do you like that?
Close vote 377 to 38.
They said, get out of here already, okay?
Take your DP and go sell some BP and get out of our face.
Go take a BC powder.
You lost.
Here's some good news about a very good friend of yours.
Who that?
Lawyers for a swap shop owner pressed in hand.
All pressing.
Asked to borrow a judge yesterday and tossed out fraud and other allegations brought against him by a former swap shop vendor,
Port Preston.
I think he was sniffing a little bit too much of that yellow-dose elephant droppings there in the circus ring.
A little bit like that.
Or maybe hanging around too much with white hair, cheer of Nick Navarro.
That could have been it.
Whatever happened in Nick Navarro, he just kind of vanished into the old work.
I hope we can only pray.
Yeah.
What a wonderful guy.
Mm-hmm.
I know we got that thing out here somewhere.
Is that a Navarro?
I guess it's probably under the name.
I think a Navarro.
Right.
I think that's what it's under.
Here's a very short name.
I know that.
It was out there.
Navarro.
These were all the so much great fans about.
Right.
Anyway, toyed about that time I saw me in the roof, Chris, and for a lot of the day on the, he kind of like, gave me a nod.
And then as I was walking out, I forgot he was sitting there and just walked right by him.
I mean, you know, of course if I would remember, I still would have walked right by him.
One thing I can't stand is phonyness.
You know, just can't stand.
Oh, hi.
Nick, how you doing?
Big handshake, pat on a vac.
You know, smack him in the eyebrows.
Ever see his eyebrows and then do this together, same the same eyebrow.
But after hearing arguments from both sides, circuit judge Robert Lansandruz suggests that he wouldn't decide the motion eight times soon on poor Preston's hen.
I wonder if Preston's hen's got that bird flu.
Don't hold your breath about getting a ruling anytime this century, Andrew said.
I sure hope the bird flu is going to be on least just in time for the elections in November, you know?
I can't have the 9-11.
How many more people have to die to keep the Neocons in power?
How many more million people have died?
About 30, man.
Plenty of Joel Liebovich, who attended yesterday's hearing with two of his own lawyers, once operated restaurants, snack bars, and food and beverage carts at the Swap Shop.
In December, Liebovich sued hen in his company, seeking damages for both personal and socioeconomic loss related to the multiplication of the giant flea market and outdoor drive in movie theater last May 20th.
Hence 75 is scheduled to go to trial April 3rd on criminal charges stemming from that encounter.
Liebovich has accused hen of fitting to honor a promise to give Liebovich a long term lease at the Swap Shop.
Liebovich claims he lost money as a result.
Hans Lawyer William Scherrer said Liebovich had a week-to-week contract to operate nothing more.
Scherrer did not seek this missile of two additional civil counts of assault and battery against hen.
He said he expects those to go to trial someday.
Someday, you know, that's something that...
Someday, if I hear, when health reaches over.
Poor Preston.
And Spiga of attorneys with real tourists on their hands.
An agent for Oakland Raiders' wide receiver Randy Moss along with his wife,
are charged with a session of crack cocaine as a result of pulleys being caught up at hotel in St. Petersburg to investigate the disturbance authority.
See, if it isn't the Jocs, it's their attorneys, it's their agents, it's their buddies, it's their pizons, it's their drug dealers, all of these things.
Dante, like a very bonds, for example.
He's smirking that cream.
Dante drew a deeper honor when his wife, Terry of Charleston, West Virginia, were arrested Tuesday at a hotel in St. Pete.
The hotels management called police to report a disturbance in the couple's room.
When officers entered the room, they found the drugs, the drugs, the drugs.
I wonder if I have one of them rocking big ceramic units.
Three other people were also arrested and charged with a session of crack cocaine police said,
no further details of their arrest were immediately reported by authorities.
That he has been battling depression over two tragedies that occurred this past year.
We know that the fact of his arrest at this point, but we hope and pray that Dante will not get the help he needs to Tom.
DPR, an attorney with, for a D-trapano, Barrett and DPRO.
Moss also commented to the attorney's office, he said, I'm sticking by my friend and I'll support him in his family as he gets help battling his problem.
That's what Randy Moss said.
And a ruling stone, Gathers No.
Moss.
I know you did, but the audience may not have.
The problem is it's past 11.
Listen, there's a lot of things they may not know.
Oh, would you like that that was casino Stan at first call?
That was painful.
Don't take it personally unless you want to Stan.
How many times do we have to say bye-bye Stan?
Enough already, okay with your obsession.
Bye-bye-bye!
Your heart's in a right place, but your brain fell out a long time ago, okay, once when you sat down.
I wanted them, whatever it was.
God, one of them outhouse things.
Remember the outhouse gang and how many day I want to run?
Probably all living at Sunny Rosenberg's house.
Sunny Rosenberg, man, think of all the notorious South Florida characters over his last years having on the air.
Man, oh man, Sunny Rosenberg.
And then we thought out about Frank Axelocado in his TV show and his pepperoni juice drool.
Oh, that may have been the best practice of all time, you know.
Might have been, you don't think?
It was damn good.
It just hit me, I guess, to hit my funny bone.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing that'll hit you the right way and that's Brandy Schoen's in Pompano Beach.
Because you can't beat their combination all the way around.
They got the best selection, they got sales hopes and all your feed-insides and outs to make sure you get a perfect comfort fit every time.
And they got unbeatable prices.
And what a selection of top major brands like Rockport, Forrest Shine, Echo, SAS, New Balance, Mofisto and lots more.
And Brandy's professional shoetters, like I said, will make sure you have a perfect fit every time.
As for Arnie, he'll take the best care of you.
Brandy's specializing in wide wits as well, so what's not to like?
Brandy's worth your trip no matter where you live in South Florida.
For comfort, style, fit, value, one selection, always think of heading for Brandy's shoes.
And you'll find Brandy's at 12.90, North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach.
Brandy's open daily Mondays, who's Saturday to 9 every Sunday till 5.
And this week, because every week we've got some extra special thing going on, this week it's a good time to buy Floreshime at Brandy's.
Because you give you a free belt, and you'll get over 25 bucks when you buy a pair of Floreshimes shoes and some great savings on lady's shoes as well.
For the ladies this week.
So be sure to get into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q8.
Yeah!
It's your first time.
I'm a little doggo, and in my story, with the name of that doggo.
Now you'll love her new album, She curious things other people say.
It's my dream.
I'm born and born.
She already made music history by recording her first English language album.
And now she's taking her art form to the next level.
By re-recording songs, we're already into English.
Only this time they're in English, the kid.
I'm not so...
That's me, I am.
She curious things other people say.
No, no.
She can't have that more on my deep.
She curious things other people say.
She curious things other people say.
She curious things other people say.
No, no.
She curious things other people say.
She curious things other people say.
I just had a brainstorm.
We can revolutionize.
We can revolutionize radio here tomorrow.
With my new Sherry Taki noodles, I could get some of that sliced papi really this on the supermarket.
And I could cook up my noodles in the cement and low-carb pasta sauce.
And instead of like...
Slice up hot dogs or brawls in there.
I could put that pepperoni slice in here.
And I could put a whole bunch right here and have pepperoni juhatting down my chin.
That's just going to say.
I'll radio first.
Take a picture of yourself.
I think it's a good idea.
You'll have pepperoni juhat's droor.
Anyway, last week the press reported that Merrill Kaiser, a Democratic candidate for the United States Senate from Ohio,
who is a really...
What kind of person a religious nut believes that homosexuality should be punishable by death?
Kaiser's opposition to the Democratic nomination is US representative Sherrod Brown.
Page one cue is a website.
Let's see where the hell I find it.
It's probably a raw story.
Has obtained a portion of an audio interview, which Kaiser says that singer performer Elton John should be put to death
and in any way that the same should be happened in Mary Cheney, the daughter of the vice president.
The edge show a growing podcast with over 4,000 weekly listeners conducted the interview.
And it's got a link.
Do we have this on our website, right, John?
I believe we do.
Yeah.
Anyway, you can hear the whole thing by clicking the link.
Here's the transcript of the portion of the show, which Kaiser speaks of superstar and out gay man Elton John.
The transcript follows.
Post Chad Larson, Elton John, he comes to the state of Ohio.
He's gay and proud.
You want him dead?
Should he be killed?
Candidate Merrill Kaiser.
I would prefer that he repent.
Larson, obviously he's not repenting.
Should he be killed?
Kaiser, well, he's worthy of death.
The interview's entered the subject of Mary Cheney, the vice president's daughter.
Larson, required as to whether Ms. Cheney should be the subject for the same treatment Mr. Kaiser suggests for Elton John.
Larson, how about Mary Cheney?
How about the vice president's daughter?
Should she be killed?
Should she be killed?
Sure, she does not repent.
Kaiser, you know, the important thing is they're facing the second death.
Larson, of course, but in your perfect world, should Mary Cheney be killed for her being a homosexual?
Kaiser, if she's not going to repent.
Larson, then she should be killed?
Kaiser, she's not being killed.
Larson, if her life is no longer resisting, then if she's being killed, Kaiser, well, how else are you going to do it?
Larson, are you saying Mary Cheney?
It should be killed for being a homosexual?
Kaiser, why don't we...
What's wrong with drugs?
Larson, we're going to drug her?
Kaiser, why do we have laws against drugs?
Great.
All right.
He's a Democrat, runner for Orifice in Ohio.
All right.
Sign America, baby.
You can have it.
They're bombing a hell out of a wreck again.
But a being but a boom.
Another way to endure.
I'm sure a lot of innocence of it is old.
I have those pain in the ass and it's in bystanders.
Even a mob made sure that those pain in the ass and it's in bystanders didn't get her.
Remember that?
That's what Clemens said.
That's right.
Important.
WQAAM, hello.
Hello, hey.
Yes, sir.
You see here the thing that the car law group is going to get the port deal and the ERA
remembrance is also involved the car law group by $8 billion.
So they're going to do that front and on the main line.
Who said the car law group is going to get the port deal?
Who said that?
They were talking about it yesterday on a scare America.
The car law group is going to get the port deal.
When I see it, I'll believe it.
Okay.
When I see it, I'll believe it.
Wouldn't surprise me though because that's Danny Bush.
I mean, basically the same bunch of crooks.
Speaking of crooks, Michael Brown, hey, heck of a job, Brownie.
Former head of FEMA, deliberately ignored a new national disaster plan and circumvented
his boss, Homeland Security Secretary, Mickey Chewdorf, and tried to manage his federal
response to Hurricane Katrina directly with a White House according to a new House report
just out, only moments ago.
By disregarding the National Response Plan in finishing 2004, Brown deprived the nation
of an opportunity to determine whether the NRP worked the House investigation colludes
in its amendment at random to a February 15th report, a failure of initiative scheduled
for release today.
The all-Republican panel, led by Chairman Thomas Davis DeTurred, Republican of Virginia,
prepared the supplement after issuing a subpoena and ordering obtaining Brown's foreign
deposition in February 11th, too late to publish an enscaping 520-page study.
By attributing numerous failings to Brown, the new House report obtained by the Washington
Post refocuses an unflattering spotlight on the former Bush political oilists and the
White House.
Though he resigned under fire for his handling of the Hurricane response, Brown's image
was rehabilitated somewhat in videos leaked this month that showed him imploring the
government to gear up for Katrina and emphatically warning the White House.
But there's always a big, big ass butt.
The House reports that Brown virtually boasted that he avoided communicating with Chewdorf
then in office about six months and called directly on the White House for assistance instead.
Brown opposed and never advised the new Secretary to take steps under the response plan,
such as declaring an incident of national significance, activating a catastrophic incident annex
to speed federal aid, convening an expert in interagency incident memo, or naming a principal
federal officer in charge reports it.
In other words, he screwed up bad.
We knew that.
We'll leave the heat that in mind as Congress considers its post-Katrina agenda, they've
said FEMA needs serious work for the NRP might not.
Right.
This is really sad.
So we're really prepared well.
They did a fantastic job on Katrina doing one fabulous job of spreading democracy and
getting everything all straightened out in Iraq.
They're doing a tremendous job of diplomatic negotiations with Iran.
They're doing an even better job of even dropping in on your phone calls, opening up your
mail and checking out who you're googling on the Internet.
All of these minor things.
And America wants to know who's going to be on American Idol, baby.
That's what they want to know.
Who's going to win a college hoops?
That's the important stuff, right?
College hoops.
That's right.
I bet you, I bet you Josh has got a card.
You got one?
Damn right.
I got one.
Go to George.
You got one.
I'm very, very pretty hard.
I helped them fill one out.
That is the epitome of hypocrisy.
Come on now.
I tell you what, a girl like two years ago won it.
You're condorbing a girl?
No, it doesn't matter.
You don't need to know anything.
I'm not going to block that.
I'm excited as a girl.
You don't like him saying.
There's by the way, speaking of hypocrisy, gambling is gambling, Mr. Slotsy.
I got news for you.
This is the anti-gambling show.
We got Hank Goldberg in the morning.
Any K-Honor lady and I doing a show for Atlantic City knows we got to have something to stand
up against this crap.
You guys probably put the casino stand up for that.
I'm not going to first call today.
You probably called it in the home.
I'm all for it, man.
If it has to do with the generosity, I'm all for it.
Okay.
You're gut-sup.
Plunge your brains out.
Who knows, man?
Just like last night, I would get 13.
Now, 15 bucks.
15 bucks on a lot of us.
I'm a Schmuck 114.2 million tax-free.
You can't win unless you're still in.
If you're not in, you can't win.
Right.
So you got a card.
How did Josh help you fill it out?
What do you think he's going to give you the winners do you?
So that he can win unless you're in?
No, no.
They got the little rankings and everything here.
And I mostly voted for colleges that...
You're pretty rank-all, right?
Colleges that you never heard of?
No, no.
If I had sex with a girl that went to that college, that's who I picked.
I see.
Well, that should cover a lot of territory.
You should have them all covered in.
Yeah.
No one's a picked.
And what about the ones you missed out on?
Time to go back to school, folks.
That's what I'm saying.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I got brought to school.
I go to New York, walk back to Canada Day, work at a academy, and brush up on my algebra
through.
I got my antenna going way further than it should.
I think it's my line.
I'm going to take algebra four and Latin four if you ask me, whatever.
I think instead of going to college, we should have really a wasted time.
I should have taken instead of the 12th grade, senior, should have taken the 13th grade.
It would have been a lucky number.
I think by that time I would have booked stuff enough to reach out and touch someone,
like the phone company said.
Wasted a lot of good years, man.
It could have had me a lot of good times, but it's okay.
I'm making a fort.
964 votes on a poll.
What simply doesn't mix?
Church in state 307, Jews and Arabs 142, the Jewish street in the Arab street.
George Bush in the White House 140, it's right on the Jew Arab ass.
Old Fards and Driving 89, Black folks in movie theaters 86, Sex and Potty 84, FEC.
Money and friendship 36, South Florida and Hockey 25, Business and Family 22, Radio and
Dumb Jocks 11, Sex and Food 11, Guns and Bruises is 7.
High schools and military recruiters 2, Cubans and Democrats only 1.
Old Fards and Movie theaters 1, Panthers in the playoffs none and Office in the Superbowl
none.
I think we chased all the sports people away, thank you.
This is Neal Roger, what solid, this is 516 QAS.
Thousand dollars and one counter.
The United Arab Emirates presents infrastructure safety in that hands of the Union terrorists.
Hello, I am Shik, we have a new doer of Dubai, the end of your mighty president's family
for many years.
If you want the recent update of us buying your sports, I am here to educate you all about
the future acquisition.
We educate that in, not brainwash.
Not brainwash.
Shik, important mental running water if you created a parking lot.
When we really want to purchase annual 700 factory centers, take highways on your land
and your soul.
We have the budget to register an easy one, 2 million dollar deficit.
We will soon anyway, mostly benefit from the influence.
But perhaps now I live with a better understanding of the UAE, thinking to do something
more sticky, so that I could do more radios, go cut your shelf and believe all that you
hear in media without a question and no harm will come to you if you accept that and
you are not a Jew.
But hey, it's good that both you and that are, and go very, you just cost me 6,000 dollars.
Okay.
I'm 31, 29 till noon.
Here's a fact from Jay who says, this is almost as good as the guy I was talking about,
might be on the satellite again.
Due to my job, I can only listen to your show often on.
From 2 to 3, I have the opportunity to listen to the radio consistently.
I like sports, so I enjoy a little sports talker in this free time.
Due to the moman, I was forced to listen to the whiny Dan Panchrik in the past.
However, since there is no moman, I love to listen to QA again.
The consistency of inconsistency during the 2 to 4 slot has kept me away though.
I can't take Geldy for more than 5 minutes.
I like Curtis and I like Bo Camp, especially when he talks about things other than sports.
He is surprisingly funny at times.
I haven't heard those.
Is it possible he can ask the powers to be that be to put a consistent voice in that slot?
A consistent voice?
Well, let's put Constance on there.
She's a panic.
There is demand.
Can QM supply it?
He asks.
No, no, evidently not.
For the pool, which is as good as you redeemed yourself with this, Neal Rodgers show
and phone calls.
Don't mix.
Very good.
Put that on there.
Get that on right away.
There is demand.
Can we supply it?
Never mind, like I said, I don't care what they do anymore.
I just argue up.
It's the 16th of March and it's beyond embarrassing.
If we really want to play like Major Market Radio, like a real Radio, and Jay, what's his name?
The Anujo Bell.
Jay Bell was in it this morning.
He's telling me about how great everything is going.
We're getting there and not perfect.
That's a good job.
I'm glad to hear it.
It would be nice to have somebody on 2 to 4 every day as a part of this Mickey Mouse crack
that we got some middle of March already.
We're going to have Mickey Mouse on.
Mickey Mouse is going to be on.
No, actually, mecha mouse is going to be on.
Making that sound that we like so much.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Fader Ginsburg said she and former Justice Saturday, O'Connor,
were the targets of death threats from the irrational fringe of society.
People apparently spurred by Republican criticism of the high court.
Here we go.
People like Tom Delay, that ilk.
Ginsburg revealed in a speech in South Africa last month that she and O'Connor were threatened
to go by someone who called on the Internet for the immediate patriotic killing of the
injustices.
Security concerns among judges have been growing.
Conservative commentator Ann Colter joked earlier this year, the anxious Ann Colter, that
Justice John Paul Stevens should be poisoned over the past few months, O'Connor is complained
that criticism mainly by Republicans has threatened the initial independence to deal with difficult
issues like game marriage.
God forbid.
Worre is not limited to the Supreme Court.
Three quarters of the nation's 2,200 federal judges of Ashtray Government paid home security
systems.
Attorney General Alberto Viofab Gonzales said this week.
Ginsburg said the web threat was apparently prompted by proposals in Congress filed by Republicans
that tell judges to stop relying on foreign laws for court decisions.
It's disquieting that they've attracted sizable support.
And one not so small concern, they fuel the irrational fringe, she said, and a speech posted online
by the court earlier this month, and first and foremost, yesterday by legaltimes.com.
According to Ginsburg, someone in the website chatroom wrote, okay, commandos, here's your first
patriotic assignment, an easy one.
Supreme Court justices Ginsburg and O'Connor publicly stated that they use foreign laws
and rulings to decide how to rule on American cases.
This is a huge threat to our Republican constitutional freedom.
If you're what you say you are and not just armchair patriots, then those two justices will
not live another week.
Representative Tom Feney of Florida Republican Sponsor, one of the congressional proposals,
wrote about the legislation on his website and the bull letters featured a quote from O'Connor,
predicting the Supreme Court would probably increasingly rely on foreign courts.
Nice going, Tom, you idiot.
And it goes on and on.
This is, let's go on and you're a marathon baby.
You don't like the decision?
Kill him!
Sounds good.
On a lighter note.
Not.
How come you're so newsy?
Because we feel like that.
How do you like that?
It's fine.
That's kind of.
There's certain calls you just keep it out of your head.
I looked like I yesterday.
I don't remember what the lady was talking about.
All about the Tom Brady.
Yeah, you're a good buddy of the Frank Wing fanatic Tom Brady.
He's stuck out to the Jews.
He's over to an Israel now.
And then I look at the real story and Bob Krath is what his wife is a big fundraiser.
And I was a big deal.
It's sucking up to the Jews.
I got news for it.
Tom Brady could come right up here and...
...f*** all he wants.
Anyway, sorry, Joyce.
999 votes.
Holy cow, who's going to be the one that's going to break the ice now?
My God, it's only 1135.
And I just...
A thousand votes.
There reminds me of WCFL Chicago.
What a great frequency that was.
You know, it was a pretty good station too, once upon a time.
It was Barney Pipp.
It was a Pippin' Station WCFL.
One thousand on the radio dial.
A good spot.
That's a great frequency.
Yeah.
Anyway, I screwed them.
Oh well.
The voice of labor, WCFL.
Thousand votes.
Let's see how this thing is going, baby.
What simply doesn't mix church and state 320, George Bush and the White House.
I told you, second place in marching toward the front.
152.
They're goose-stepping toward the lead.
Jews and Arabs, 144.
They could just get together on a damn headgear.
Old Farts in driving 90.
Black, Polks and movie theaters, 87.
Stex and Pottie, 86.
Money and friendship, 39.
Bad mix, baby.
Don't do it.
They'll go borrowing money or loan them onto your friends.
Stan.
South Florida and Hockey, 25.
See, there is one.
Business and family, 22.
Radio and dumb jocks, 11.
Stex and food, 11.
Guns in booze, 7.
Booze.
Cubans and Democrats, 2.
High schools and military recruiters, 2.
Dolphins and the Super Bowl, 1.
Old Farts and movie theaters, 1.
None for near-wide-year- show-in-phone calls or Panthers and inflow-offs out of 1000.
You want to know why there's none for the Panthers?
I think there's nobody cares.
I'm just telling you the way it is.
Nobody cares.
Other way they had that story in the news last night, including interviews with fans, you know, about the parking thing.
Yeah, I'm one of the fans, say.
Oh, what do you think?
They're pissed off.
They're pissed off.
What are they doing about it?
They're not going.
Yeah, oh, I'm not going my ass.
Yeah, that, they're here.
When the people of South Florida finally decided to actually make a statement about something, that'll be a first.
I've been there 33-king-long years.
But third, man.
I have yet to see that happen.
Never, ever.
The government, the FCC, proposes to find a $3.6 million against CBS and dozens of its stations and affiliates in a crackdown on what regulators call in decent television programming.
Oh, my God, there might be sex and flesh God forbid.
Who the hell would want to see that besides us?
The FCC said the network program without a trace.
Vericine show?
I guess so not.
No.
Josh?
No.
Good movie without a trace would Jud Hersh.
About that little kid that got lost?
Never saw that?
No.
Without a trace?
With the, what's her name?
Killing Hill?
Nillingham.
No.
Good movie.
Anyway, I know her firm without a trace that aired December 2004 was in decent, said the FCC.
It was in decent.
It said the graphic depiction of teenage boys and girls participating in a sexual orgy.
How do we miss that for Christ's sake?
Really?
How do we get a copy of it?
How's wrong with that?
I'm seeing it wrong with that.
No.
I think wrong with it.
That's the way we miss it.
Yeah.
We weren't invited.
Christ.
Oh, speaking of that kind of stuff, speaking of Hanky Panky, this just really frosted my
fat old ass.
Annie Poole, whose 1997 short story in Skrythe Film Brokeass mounting, has written a scattershot
blast in a British newspaper unleashing her anger over the film's best picture Oscar
loss.
We had this on the website today.
I believe we did.
Josh?
Yes, we did.
No.
Poole, how do you say her name?
PR-O-U-L-X.
Poole.
He got me.
Sticker ass in the pool.
Poole.
Poole.
It works, criticizes Oscar voters in the Academy Awards ceremony in the 1994 word rant
that appeared in Saturday's issue of the Guardian.
That's where we had it from the Guardian.
This is on CNN, which is like a day late in the dollar short, five days later.
The best picture, actually, as we know, deservedly so went to crash a far superior sensational
movie as opposed to a piece of turd and overrated piece of garbage that has a lot of sheep.
And guys who are looking at a very suspiciously.
Academy Awards, who vote for the year's best film, are out of touch, not only with the
shifting larger culture and the E.C. Firmant that's in America these days.
Oh, the E.C. Firmant, can you smell it?
Hmm.
But also a lot of touch with their own segregated city, Poole rights.
The 70-year-old Peele and surprise winning author points out that broke back, which was
nominated for eight Academy Awards, was named Best Picture at the Independent Spirit Awards
one day before the March 5th Oscars.
Well, what we do.
If you're looking for smart judging based on mirrored, skip the Academy Awards next year
and pay attention to the independent spirit choices she advises.
Teeve and License Out at Lionsgate, the distribution company behind Crash.
Rumor has it that Lionsgate in and in the Academy voted the DVD copies of Crash, excuse me,
Crash, a few weeks before the ballot deadline.
She calls it Crash.
She decries the atmosphere of inseparable self-importance inside the Kodak theater, the set of the Oscars,
and ascribes the audience as a somewhat dim LA crowd.
The show she writes was reminiscent of a small town talent show night, clapping wildly
for bad stuff enhances this, she says.
She notes that broke back three Oscar wins for original score, adapted screenplay in
direction for Ang Lee, put an unequal footing with King Kong.
Oh yeah, I'll buy that.
When the King Kong was bigger, when Jack Nicholson announced Crash as the Best Picture
winner, there was a gas buff shock pro rights.
Not in my house.
I was like, yeah, like that.
That's right, ours too.
We wooted it.
It was a safe pick of controversial film for the Heffelums, she writes.
I have no idea what that means.
Using the elephant like Winnie the Pooh character describe Academy voters.
You ever hear the Heffelums from Winnie the Pooh, yeah, it's an imaginary creature.
I see, like her.
For those who call this little piece a sour grapes ranch, you can play it as it lays.
Yeah, lay this.
Caused by the AP to where Wyoming, home and her literary agent Elizabeth Theron's
talk, we're not in the return.
Well, she loves the Wyoming, what does that tell you?
Probably out there next door to Dick Cheney.
Why sure, hope he don't go.
Cutting next door to Annie's.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
It's me, oh, my Annie town.
What?
At 560 WQA.
You call that a jingle?
It wasn't for you, shit.
I think you're a secret.
Well, Dan, I reckon if we're going to be retired network anchors together, we ought
to start drinking together.
Oh, good idea, Tom.
Bottom's up.
So to speak.
They're in the mines.
They have to tell.
There are tools they can't deny.
On Broke-on Mountain.
You talking to Ed?
You're found a way to make the time pass up there.
Oh, well, we're just fishin' by.
Broke-on Mountain.
How we shoulda knew how to quit you, Tom Broke-on.
Loan.
He's a force of nature.
You know, Dan, rather, it could be like this.
Just like this.
Always.
Broke-on Mountain.
Now, showing a little more than you wanted to see.
I'm sure that right to hear this, man, get right on the easier scene.
You're going to start making whooping sounds.
I'm going to get it a whooping car.
I'm Tomia.
The few that started between Howard Stern and Opium Anthony while both were employed by
affinity broadcasting as reaching new levels on satellite radio with both parties taking shots at the other.
But while sitting in on Sean Hannity's program yesterday afternoon, Stern finally admitted to the long run
rumored gag word that he had meld carmers on place on Opium Anthony when they were handling afternoon drive at WNW New York.
When Stern was asked by a caller about the gag word, he confirmed it by admitting,
that's right, I believe in censoring anyone who was my enemy.
He also waited, I believe in censorship when it benefits me.
Oh.
I even took my pen and I underlined that statement.
Okay, talk a lot of mash and eat you.
Haven't I always told you that?
That's why you never going to hear any other real talent on that the...
What a serious thing.
Because it's all about Howard.
All the rest of us can rot in hell.
I'm going to read that paragraph again.
When Stern was asked by a caller about the gag word, he confirmed it by admitting,
that's right, I believe in censoring anyone who's my enemy.
He also waited, I believe in censorship when it benefits me.
Playing back that audio on the XM satellite radio program this morning, Anthony noted that he had poppicy left statement by saying
he's been complaining that individual members of the FCC were putting their morality on his program instead of interpreting FCC law,
which is exactly what he did with us.
Earlier in the program, Stern had rest, opium Anthony by saying,
when I'm in business with the company, they hire Howard Stern imitators to go on in the afternoon, I don't want anyone knocking me.
I have a plan every time I go up against people, I analyze the competition, I think about you six different ways to Sunday.
I turned to Mel Carmichael at the time and said, you two, your two boys that you hired who sound identical to me were employed.
I give them three to four months.
They're so desperate to be famous, they're going to do something stupid.
If they can't talk about me, they're going to go insane. Watch.
He laughed since I made other predictions about radio and I watched them implode.
While it took three years of WWE broadcast for opium Anthony as to Stern's suggestion implode,
the duo has had a successful run at SM and recently revealed their negotiations for a new long term deal.
But going back to the Stern drama, opium Anthony said they didn't start this feud and then it was Stern who started calling them copycats and felt threatened by their show.
This is a long thing. Ready for a long thing?
Sure.
Let him in the New York City. We knew you didn't come in and Howard's backyard and start bashing him said Anthony what we did was slowly build up an audience that happened to be his audience driving home.
We had a common audience. He saw that somehow as a threat. He saw there was potential for the opium Anthony showed a given audience and perceived it as some kind of threat to him.
We didn't attack him as a human being Anthony continued, explaining they were parody Stern.
I would do impressions of him and suggest maybe he wasn't as close to his audience as he once was because he is winging out to the handtons in the highway copter.
Instead of coming back to us on the urn battle against that way, like he had with John Debella and many other personalities across the country,
he went behind the scenes to Mel Carmesen, headed him drag us into his office and threatened us with firing if we didn't stop talking about Stern.
Hannity appearing on Opium Anthony's program this morning discussing the Stern interview, tried to say Stern deserve credit for not dodging the subject, but Opium Anthony immediately cut him off,
pointing out that this is the first time in five plus years that Stern's admitted to his behind the scenes that were scenes wrangling.
They also pointed out that he should went beyond Opium Anthony and I'm mentioning Stern on their program and included guest being blocked from appearing on their show.
One CBS radio insider told FMQB that at the time, then K-Rock program director Steve Kingston would block music artists from appearing on Opium Anthony's program, a statement verified by a couple of anonymous record reps.
There was an admission that were telling people not to appear on our show explain Anthony.
Back to the current day, Opium Anthony and their pests have been wreaking havoc with forces of Stern's Sirius satellite radio channels.
Recently, Scott Farell's test run on Sirius was derailed by Opium Anthony's fan base as they inundated and controlled the phone lines making it impossible for Reli to get a collar on the ear.
That wasn't the fan of Opium Anthony.
Oh, poor Scott.
Opium Anthony have also been pointing out what they call more hypocrisy by Stern for taking off certain Fridays playing audio with Stern, robbing quivers and arty laying discussing why it's important to be in the studio five days a week.
If you're not there on Fridays, then you're doing the service to your audience as Stern in the audio clip.
If you're going to do this job, then you show up every day and give it your best.
Meanwhile, despite the Niles by CBS rated, they were reported elsewhere.
Opium Anthony, since they were absolutely...
Absolutely.
...contacted by the radio company to replace David Lee Roth.
We've been negotiating with him a few weeks, said Opium.
When it was first presented to us, it was a done deal.
Then you get lawyers going back and forth.
Opium Anthony also told Hannity that there were major hurdles that needed to be cleared and they didn't want to compromise the integrity of their program to rest your radio broadcast standards.
We love being on satellite radio, said Opium.
If it compromises our satellite radio shoot too much, we don't want to do it.
Hannity, like that, huh?
I'm going to read that line again.
I believe in censorship when it benefits me.
Nice.
An ego bigger than the universe.
Just absolutely unbelievable, okay?
Hey, it's how it...
How it's bad.
That's why when it was all this caring on about the FCC and it was always...
It was always about him.
They're out to get him.
Not the rest of us who had our own issues over the years.
Not man-cow, not me, not anybody else on here who've ever been, you know, passable by the FCC.
It was all about the FCC and Howard.
The whole world, it's the world of Howard.
Oh, but...
And you think I'm going to go like, you know, lay in bed with that?
You ever looked at it?
Ooh, yeah, right exactly.
And by the way, the nose job didn't help, Howard.
He admitted on Letterman, he said, nose job and...
Yeah, he didn't help.
Speaking of somebody needs a nose job, Wayne Gretzky, what a segue.
Gretzky's wife faces gambling subpoena, or is that subpoena?
Wayne Gretzky's wife of a subpoenaed to testify when a grand jury looks at charges
in the case involving that vetting ring allegedly run by an NHL assistant coach
who's a attorney general said, interview with the AP yesterday.
Good, get her ass.
Now, you'd like to.
And the first major interview that's being sworn in as a attorney general six weeks ago,
is Zalima Farber.
I wonder if she's keen to be Farber.
Who?
Zalima Farber said that Janet Jones would be called to testify about the high-stakes gambling ring
as soon as the grand jury convenes.
She'll be getting a grand jury subpoena.
So when a grand jury convenes, she'll get a subpoena Farber said, she'll be served.
She hasn't been because there's no grand jury yet hearing the case, but she will.
Farber said authorities would convene a grand jury to hear evidence in the gambling case relatively quickly.
We're not talking years.
We're talking weeks or months, not years, she said.
Gretzky and Jones have been linked to the ring allegedly run by Phoenix County's assistant Rick Tuckett,
a former NHL player and close friend of Cody's coach Gretzky.
Needle knows, Jones has led to a place large vets through Tuckett.
An attorney for Jones said last night that she hasn't received any grand jury subpoena from Jersey authorities
and said her client has never been informed that she was a target of a New Jersey grand jury investigation.
A Jersey State trooper was accused of taking vets while patrolling state highways and several current NHL players have been implicated as regular bettors
they'll not have been charged yet.
None of the players led to a major has been publicly identified by officials yet.
I think it becomes a big case only because the name's involved.
Farber said it would have been a routine if there was such a thing illegal gambling case
if warranted for the names of those people involved.
However, because there was a trooper involved, it was big to us.
Farber said additional charges were likely in the case and left the open to possibility that charges can be brought against state police officers or other bettors.
I like that.
Janet Cretzky, man.
Janet, put it on the window.
No one knows.
State Dosed Cretzky.
And Jessica Simpson snubbs Bush.
Oh, man.
No, all the Peril one.
No, just question.
And I wonder if she's got that can tuna under her bed.
Tuck into the sea.
Tuck into the sea, right.
Tuna.
In fact, it's probably a bird flu.
Concerned about politicizing her favorite charity,
singer actress Jessica Simpson yesterday turned down an invitation to meet with US President George W. Bush.
A stub that left her publicans dismayed.
Oh, first they had that, they had that porno actress invited a dinner again.
That Republican, the porno bitch, having dinner at the White House again,
and now they're trying to suck up to Jessica Simpson.
Now that Nick find a cutter, dumb ass loose.
The apparent final word that Simpson will be in a show at a major Republican fundraiser with Bush and correction leaders came last night after a day of conflicting reports from her camp and organizers of the event.
The blonde star of the film, The Duce of Hazard, still plans to visit Washington today.
Collabbie members of Congress on behalf of Operation Smile,
an nonprofit venture offering pre-plastic surgery for disadvantaged children overseas with facial deformities.
Well, that's kind of cute.
Maybe she can help out that broad in France to get the refund.
Oh, the face transplant lady here.
I know it.
You're brutal.
I am.
You're right.
People cost Simpson, since he declined a request to appear this same evening at the Gaila fundraiser, the National Repotent and Commercial Committee,
even after she was offered some private face time with Bush because Operation Smile is an on-partisan group.
Oh, God, do I have a line for that.
But it just feels wrong once Simpson and Saturday told Reuters on Wednesday adding that the actress keeps her political views private.
She would love to meet the president and talk about Operation Smile, but she can't do it at a fundraiser for other Republicans.
It's never been a problem for Bono.
He said referring to the YouTube rock star was not regularly with political leaders of all stripes,
but most of her is causing a third world that would let you know what Bono can go to hell.
We can't stand Bono.
Can't stand him is supposed to music any of these things.
Although Simpson's publicist and citizens he never had planned to attend a fundraiser,
40 said the actress initially accepted the invitation when it was extended to him and only to change her mind the next day.
I mean, who wants to, first of all, who wants to be seen there with a Titanic?
Okay, jump on a sinking ship.
A sinking, sinking ship.
Never forgive her, which you did for my boy Nick.
I have what?
He did much.
I don't know what to do.
Hey, she couldn't help us.
She made him a lot of money though.
I'll say that.
That's right.
He made a lot of money for his stupid ass brother that has no talent.
That's right.
Over there.
Or to leech it under her.
That's true.
Kind of like that whole Jackson family.
I'm like, I'm like that same thing.
Ever see Michael Jackson and me to cross me at the same time, same voice.
Oh, I got it.
Love 57, a QA.
We got less than an hour to go to Marlon's baseball.
Oh, man, he got a hell of a Looia.
Beach Ford is gone, man.
It's madness in March all this month at Beach Ford.
They just missed having a record month in February.
So they're going to break it this month, right as we speak.
Right now, extended camp for F-150s, our result was $249 a month with just $9.95
down plus fees of the Procredin' 39 month lease.
Madness in March at Beach Ford means you've got to be mad yourself not to take advantage of rebates and gigantic discounts of up to $10,000
at all new and used vehicles.
But if you're not on the market for new car yourself, but you know somebody with cinnamon to Beach Ford because if they take the liberty of this month during March,
Beach Ford will send you $200 in cash.
And like I tell you, every day that money comes from their advertising budget, so they won't pass the $200 cost along to your friends' price.
Don't miss out on this once you're a vet.
Beach Ford's madness in March, extended camp for $150 is low as $249 a month discounts and rebates up to $10,000 and $200 cash just for referring a friend.
Hurry your ass in there and say hi to Paul.
Come that Neil sent you by to Beach Ford.
You'll find them two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163rd Street and West Exe Highway.
Guaranteed will bet you great-reads life on it.
You will love your Beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.M.
This mark, Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on Q.A.M.
You woke me up early this morning, round 4 a.m.
And it smelled like rock and carpet, so I'm on a dinner plate.
I pulled the cover off, folded my head so I could believe.
But your room was keeping me awake.
Even though I know you never shave under your arms, I've been trying my best not to complain.
Reminds me of my toilet draint, but in your hand wash your atom, but you're keeping for your atom.
I some speech take full, your armpits, your soul's stingy.
You smell like candy on my sweater, all the real wet iron setter.
I think I'm gonna say you a letter, saying your soul's stingy.
When I'm driving, holding the air was clear.
Could you smell like someone's vomit, mixed with stale beer?
I'm stuck in this.
I get down feeling just a little bit tired of this.
It's all pretty nice perfume, you know it's done, it's this.
I don't have any blessing, left to my name.
And a odor like moldy wood when it was.
Check your pulse, you smell like a cornstarch.
When your head wash your atom, touch your teeth and fully wreck them.
I some speech take full, your armpits, your soul's stingy.
You smell like candy on my sweater.
Well, I think the bottle guy, I think, should have been wrecked.
I expected last few days, they're just bombing and bombing and bombing around the clock.
Better play that one.
That'll calm down.
All right.
We're really well the first time.
Tony and Huffington clash over blood posting.
You know, this has been a stellar day.
I think we had to have a Marlon team every day 12-15 day.
We're so just fine.
I agree.
And I'm working for you.
Sure.
What about that stern thing and open your mouth?
It's just nauseating.
I'm going to, let's see, I don't like it anymore.
I believe in censorship when it benefits me.
Oh man, that is just, that's the epitome what it's all about, you know.
Just like that, Tony below anything.
Well, I'm calling a norm on the personally on behalf of a Howard.
He wants us to get Neil on the right.
It's not about me, it's not about them, it's not about anybody else, it's about, it's not about
Bubba loves fun, it's not about from owls, it's about Howard.
Life is about Howard.
And that knows in that here and boobs.
Associated press writer Los Angeles, what's that?
A salvage shoe, right?
It's George Clooney versus Ariana Huffington, the standoff worthy of Good Night and Good Luck.
Now, who's telling me that it's very dry and don't watch it?
You, me, you see it?
I saw it.
No, I think you made a good point.
That is I lived through it.
I watched Admiral every week religiously on TV and sitting there, changing smoking, which
is why he died a nasty wicked death.
It's very interesting, but all their conversations are like a slow man.
I like that movie I was telling you about the one with Nicole Kidman.
Oh yeah.
That's a second.
See, I didn't realize I had seen it before because I didn't see the whole thing this time.
And we had rambled on about that the first time about how screwed up it was, but I'm glad I saw it again.
And then that little kid that's so annoying that's in the movie with the mirror, God's a send.
Oh, brother, awful.
This killed that kid.
The newly minted Oscar winner says George Clooney that he didn't write a blog post of money on
the commentator Huffington's website, though he gave her permission to use a compilation of his
critiques of the Iraq war from interviews with Larry King and the London's Guardian.
The Southern Nins blog is purposely misleading and I've asked her to clarify the facts, Clooney,
44, send a statement issued yesterday.
I stand by my statements, but I did not write this blog.
You know, this whole blog thing other than Lassiter's, which I do read all the time because I have a personal interest in
making sure he's still hanging in there.
But other than that, it's just too many bloggers, you know, the same.
Everybody's a blogger.
Oh, and that reminds me of that fabulous, your buddy, man.
You were right when you discovered Doug Thompson.
Capital Heavily.
I was a little slow-comer on the way to that minute.
In Monday's profanity filled posting, Democrats are faulted for muting their viewers and criticism of the Bush administration
a month before the start of the Iraq war, helping them deny that they're wrongdoing.
We bought a lot on her website claims she and her staff initially compiled a sample blog for Clooney from a Zittabewancis
because it wasn't sure how a blog worked.
Helping them said that after she sent Clooney to the sample, a firm publicist emailed,
and when Hank told me this morning that he's drinking at Wilson's grape juice, I just wanted to cry.
Is there any hope?
No.
Helping them said that after she sent Clooney to the salon, I mean, of all, and I told him he's wrong.
I love grape juice, especially, well, sure.
I love it.
But of all the things that you could eat or drink, so it's like a sugar infusion.
It's like taking a serenity.
You're taking pure sugar water and injecting into your veins.
Maybe he's got great Jewish genes, I don't know.
Huffington said after she sent Clooney to the sample, a firm publicist, a film publicist emailed her,
and three days later approved it without any changes.
This was an honest misunderstanding.
She wrote, but any misunderstanding that occurred between Clooney and the publicist,
we based our decision to post on the unambiguous approval we got in writing.
Clooney's publicists and Rosenfield disagreed.
Boy!
It's not a misunderstanding.
It's misrepresentation.
He said, she knows what she was doing.
She was saying to people that she had George Clooney's blog, and she was printing it.
George Clooney doesn't make statements.
He answered his questions.
Rosenfeld said Clooney had requested an adendum of clarification to the posting.
Clooney, who won't have asked about my read, but I read about that.
Yeah.
Good night, good luck.
It was no crash, but never luck.
See, we're never there.
That would have been a movie I might not be sure watching, but like you said,
I lived through it in the home of Carthie thing, and Bobby Kennedy, and Jimmy Hoffa,
and Ed Murrow, and all that other stuff, and the epitome of journalism.
Doug Thompson writes, this ain't a blog.
And this, you know, this hates me back to the days when we started our website,
and we were very naive in the stupid and young school.
You know, you're going to have to play the blogger song now.
You're getting me a Jones and Ford.
Do I have it?
I think you do. It's under blogger.
Oh.
The M-A-B.
That's it.
Now it's blood, blood, blood, blood.
I'm sorry, I'm a little bit more.
Blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood.
That's who I am today, and to me, a four-and-four-bit-win-ice-gold-side.
That's, I can assure you, I have a big, big treasure, and no doubt,
when I am, I'm dying.
This is not totally the nature that's most likely to be a great,
it's just a village for eight or zero jar of food that I've been growing today.
There is a big, big, huge, fishing-with as any fresh stage,
as I am majorly sitting for the fight to compete to,
and my biggest fat ass with my stupid fingers are incredibly huge,
but I can assure you, tightly, these asses.
Some un-minchable had the audacity to call me a nerd,
why that's the most ridiculous thing I ever heard.
Just because I believe the butteries of Fienar will develop a subspace time shifter
and send the Olsen twins back to primordial earth to establish the unsched rats of Bolivia.
It is true I have no picture in my profile, but I can assure you I resemble the silvered surfer.
I've had a hootly amount of corn, I am not queer,
I am just a stitch of the fabric with the pilagos here.
I will be at the amazing, the pettis that I have moved on my head,
a pig on a aesthetic, it would please me to get a few more dates on my extremely rare spots and quicksides.
Yeah, it was good timing. Anyway, we got good break this hour
because we got the Marlon Pregame of 1250, we've only got two breaks
because somebody really messed up. I don't want to say who.
So that's good, because it gives me time to go through this whole thing.
The first paragraph on this, this ended blog by Doug Thompson, Kevin Lillblou.
This will be very familiar to you.
There's a fifth dimension beyond that, which is known to man.
It was the dimension as vast as space and timeless as infinity.
Sound familiar?
So what does it?
It's the middle round between light and shadow, between science and superstition and lies between the pit of man's fears and the summit of his knowledge.
This is the dimension of imagination. It's the memory we call the Twilight Zone.
Do do do do do do do do do do.
Nice to offer.
A fun part of running a news site like Capitol Hill Blue is interaction with readers, he writes.
Some 2500 emails a day flowing over the electronic transim.
Reader rant, our library discussion board, most nearly 4,500 members and grows daily.
Our daily email newsletter goes out to more than 150,000 readers.
So at the beginning of the month I decided to try blue as a blog-style format
inviting direct reader feedback toward daily news articles.
For a while, it appeared to be a good idea.
Lots of lively discussion on key issues, excellent interaction with those who with ideas to share.
Then the crazies moved in.
Homophobes, racists, conspiracy theorists and troublemakers whose goal was to control this website or turn it into a breeding ground for hate, fear, mongri and hyperbole.
Frustrated writers with an ax to grind decided to post long essays and treat our comment section as their own personal publishing system.
That's not what Capitol Hill Blue is about.
That's not what I've spent the last 11 and a half years of my life building this website into a place where our readers can find unbiased news and a standard for accountability that applies the same rules to elected officials from all political persuasions.
For the last two weeks, our email from readers ran 2-to-1 in favor of pulling the plug-on direct article comments and returned to the old system of publishing news and using our reader rant forum for comments.
On Wednesday, those who work for me and contribute articles, information and time to this website conducted an intervention that laid it on the line.
Blue is not a blog, it's a news site, let's get back to the basis. They conducted an intervention.
Good. As if recovering alcoholic, I know a thing or two about interventions. He says they spring from love.
Capitol Hill Blue is a collaborative ever by many people who share my love for the project. Blue is not a business, never has been, never will be.
It's a labor of love. Oh, there you go, Eric. It's a labor of love by a dedicated group of volunteers who donate their time and efforts to put together the oldest political news site on the internet.
From our moderators who run reader rant to the writers, editors and production staff who put together a news site every day and to the readers who make this effort worthwhile, blue is many things.
But an end of blog never has been, never should be. Technoroddy tracks some 30.7 million blogs and reports thousands more springing up every day. 30.7 million blogs.
Reduced can find many excellent blogs and a variety of topics, movie, politics, which has always been a popular local point, more than 2000 blogs, linked to Blue Daily and Technoroddy says we rank 166 in links among the 30 million sites they monitor.
But 30, man.
Linkages of a most blogs provide a collection of links to information resources, a few do original research, but most blogs, political or otherwise are one person's stream of consciousness sites based on a singular point of view based on that person's political leanings or philosophical bent.
Linking only the articles and information that support the singular point of view.
Blogs often become the backyard fence of the internet, a place where neighbors gossip and spread unfounded information or wild-eyed speculation.
While some of the same information can be found on purported news websites that are a little more than partisan shelves for parties or ideologies, but that the blog of Spheres where you find the conspiracy claims that the CIA brought down the World Trade Center and similar 10-4-Lhat theories.
Over the past two weeks, those of us who work to keep this website up and running have had to spend too much time dealing with flooding of the site by racists, hate-mongers, political extremists and conspiracy buffs.
In one day we had to jump more than 2000 comments that used racial epithets, threats of violence against elected officials, a federal crime, or lobbyists, or lobbyists comments.
Last weekend, when my wife and I needed to deal with the emotional trauma of learning we couldn't save a pet we both love, I spent 12 straight hours on the computer protecting our system from a spamer who tried to disrupt the comments section of our news articles.
All of this detracts from our primary goal of uncovering and reporting news. We're here to serve the hundreds of thousands of readers who turned to blue for unbiased news and considered analysis not lose time dealing with a handful of disruptors who seek to subvert the process for their own narrow purposes.
So blue returns today to its news format. We continue to encourage you welcome reader comment both on our reader-ran format via email, and we're sure that those with something to say will use both venues so let us know how we feel.
Now I thank those who try to make our experiment a success by offering good ideas and reason debate on issues raised by our articles.
Please continue to do so in our reader-ran section or talk me via email. Here on the news side of blue we also concentrate on the political reform project we launched over the weekend.
In addition we'll soon launch a new grassroots initiative into increasing citizen involvement in politics and generating positive change in the system that's been ruined by money power-greed and corruption.
Lesson learned, my apologies to our readers for the brief deep tour into the Twilight Zone.
There is your buddy. Good man.
Yes he is. I'm doing a heck of a job. I'm like Brownie. Maybe there I'm going to have a job.
Favorite crusty tumerigy.
A big of a famous.
He's my favorite crusty crumajit.
He is. He's great. I say let's get him from president.
Damn straight. He qualifies.
Of course I'm not sure what he's drinking and smoking while he's not drinking.
We're covering right.
What simply doesn't mix is our poll question today and we got way over a thousand votes.
We got it's one thousand and seventy six, not even twelve thirty yet.
Pretty impressive ain't it?
Church in state three thirty nine.
George Bush and the White House hundred and seventy four.
Jews and a rabes hundred and fifty two.
Old Farts and driving ninety four.
Sex and potty ninety one.
Like folks in movie theaters eighty nine.
Money and friendship forty two.
South Florida and hockey twenty six.
What's that?
Business and family twenty three.
Sex and food thirteen.
Radio and dumb jocks eleven.
I wonder if they're listening across the street.
I'm sure they are.
Too bad Joel.
Guns and booze ten.
Near Roger show and phone calls.
Celebrity trace three.
Cubans and Democrats three.
Dolphins and a super bowl two high schools and military recruiters two.
Panthers and the playoffs won.
Old Farts and movie theaters won.
And like I said, Panthers and the playoffs nobody cares.
First and first last and then between.
They don't care.
They can care less.
Very sad.
Let's see they made the playoffs three times.
They used to do the franchise but like I said nobody cares.
And they haven't they've won one playoff game since whatever that one was that one.
What was your remember what that year?
88.
Not whatever.
Long time.
90 something.
12th and 560 W.
We got the Marlins on deck in 1250.
35 minutes away but who's counting?
I sure am.
Marlins and the Dodgers at 105 from zero.
Nightdog at four or after the baseball game.
Roberto Lomgo show with Gully from Doris.
Doris attended market in both at 630.
Seven o'clock hurricane hotline at Berry Coz are steakhouse with Jesse and Josh Corteson
and there were our goods with our merchandise.
Our goods and his goods.
Jesse Aguil in the studio 9 to 10.
And any K for Atlantic City at 10 o'clock tonight.
Another gambling show.
And George has got a card on college hoops or college hoops card.
Oh right.
You can't stay in the box.
How much could you possibly win?
Is the question.
I have no idea.
I'm sure there's 40 people in the pool.
Yeah.
10 bucks.
How much?
10 bucks.
No 400.
Cost 10 bucks to get in.
Yeah.
I'm saying.
Well, I'm saying you spend.
I don't know the exact amount of people that are angry.
I like spend 10 bucks while your family is home starving.
That's right.
Good thinking.
With lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security.
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board.
You can put a lot of tuna under the bed with that money.
Today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL15.
Up to 100 times faster than DSL15.
It will run out with high button shoes.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying to the internet.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Rhapsody radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few.
Now the only thing that could do you also get Mac and P security tools included so you can rest assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what are you waiting for? Start doing a lot more faster than you ever could before.
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months.
You wonder how you ever ran without it.
In day call 305 Comcast and of course in 9.54 Comcast.
This is Neil Roger. What what solid is this 5.62 A.S.
And hold it.
Reel American A.Holes.
Reel American A.Holes.
We salute you Mr. Road Comed placement engineer.
Mr. Road Comed placement engineer.
After testifying against Vinny Torterlinian, your membership to the Team's decision has been revoked.
Done and went up with that sound.
Now the FBI has hooked you up with a swank charm, riding on the back of a pickup truck for eight hours a day.
You wear your car noughts with pride as you strategically arrange your orange dust taps and endure the obscene gestures of the drivers you are so gallantly trying to protect.
After your three hour lunch break you make another pass replacing the pylons so recklessly knocked over by old ladies and student drivers.
With your Timberland boots given you a confidence drive you pick up those tones faster than a Metallica rodea nut.
Broughting your form into patch you on the back and say job well done.
Hank, ow so we salute you Mr. Road Comed placement engineer.
You're reflective best and your new last name.
You are a Reel American A.Holes.
How did it like that? 12.22 at 5.60 I'll tell you what we like that.
Marlins we love the Marlins play every day come on every day would be good.
All year round in the snow.
We'll be wearing the snow cleanly and covered dome you don't want to worry about that.
That's correct.
Playing a match on the rules you get here.
Undaunted by the difficult war in Iraq President Bush reaffirmed his first right policy against terrorist enemy nations today and said Iran may pose the biggest challenge for America.
It's what he said. He also said.
Abu Gharrab.
In a 49 page national security report to President said diplomacy is the US preference in holding the speed of nuclear and nuclear and other heinous weapons.
I wonder if he was famous heinous.
If necessary, how you ever under law standing principles of self-defense we do not rule out the use of force before attacks occur even if uncertainty remains as to the time and place of the enemy's attack.
Then there is whatever we feel like it or have.
Oh I think they might just be doing something.
But at least we're going to get the troops to do these things just in 700 more there to Iraq to be human sacrifice.
Nevertheless.
And speaking of the great care we're taking the troops and the fact that these raver robbers are just a bunch of greedy lunatics and that's the nicest thing I can say about them.
How a burden company failed to protect the water supply paid to purify for US soldiers throughout Iraq.
That nice?
Lovely.
Let them drink swill.
How a burden to protect the water supply is paid to purify for US soldiers throughout Iraq.
In one instance, missing contamination that could have caused mass sickness or death and internal company report concluded.
The report obtained by the A&P said the company failed to assemble and use its own water purification equipment allowing contaminated water directly from the Euphrates River to be used for washing and laundry, a camp air remodeling our Ramadi and Ramadi Iraq.
Fae.
Fae is exactly right.
Now that's not just to the water but to Halibur.
Or remember the beginning of the war we were posting all those stories about how they weren't delivering food or transfer water or anything all the overcharging work of the media.
We also weren't eating right.
Well, at least they're consistent.
The problems discovered last year at that site, poor training, miscommunication and lacks record keeping, occurred at Halibur and other operations throughout Iraq.
County, a countrywide, all camps suffered a similar extent from all of some of the efficiencies noted, will Granger, theater water quality manager in the war zone for Halibur and KBR Kellek Braun and Root subsidiary wrote in his May 2005 report.
A&P reported earlier this year allegations from whistleblowers about the camp are Ramadi incident, but Halibur never made public rangers in terminal report led to wider problems.
They kept it mum as you would expect.
The water quality expert warned Halibur in the problems will have to be dealt with at a very elevated level of management to protect the health and safety of US personnel.
We don't give a damn about US personnel, okay?
Or their health or their safety that's plain and obvious couldn't possibly be our obvious.
Halibur and City Estonia conducted a second review last year that found no evidence of any illnesses in Iraq from water and believed some of its earlier conclusions were incomplete and inaccurate.
The company declined to release the second report.
The company declined to release the second report.
How do you like that?
And another line that needs to be read again.
Howard Stern says, I believe in censorship when it benefits me.
God, that is just, it's just Rootesque.
In other words, I want everything to be about me and let's censor everybody else because it's a big bad hairy hypocrite.
What a crop of crap.
I said crop of crap.
A crop of crap.
A crop of crop of crap.
It's a balancical harvest of it.
An internet chat room meant streamed video of live child molestations had been shut down and 27 people have been charged with online child pornography offenses.
Federal authority said yesterday and there's a picture of a attorney general, a virtue V05 who looks like he just came in on his banana boat.
I wouldn't be surprised if he came in through that tunnel in from Mexico, you know what?
That wouldn't surprise me either.
Nice hair, by the way.
Justice Department of Immigration and Customs and enforcement officials are still looking for one suspect.
After an undercover sting operation shut down a website called Kitty Pits and Kitty Vids.
It wasn't clear exactly how many suspects have been arrested but Randall Sandborn, a spokesman for the Western Attorney's Office in Chicago, said most have been arrested.
Randall Sandborn and one of his kin to the Chasen Sandborn people.
One of the seven molestations victims was younger than 18 months.
Four minors under the age of 12 were also shown on the internet site being molested.
I wonder if the Catholic Church has got to hold on that website.
Immigration and Customs and Assistant Secretary Julie Myers just described the chat room as molestation on demand.
The name of the two videos listed in the indictment are explicit.
One suggests that one of the victims was a seven-year-old girl.
Lovely.
And speaking of fun and games, Sony Corp will delay the launch of its much anticipated PlayStation Street console until November, prolonging the agony not only for itself, but also for many others in the video game industry.
Aren't you depressed?
No.
Well, why not?
I'm sure your kids already got the PS2.
Well, I'm sorry, they have a PS2 My Ass.
That's old news, you may have.
I'm not sure if you're going to enjoy stick.
That $10 that you just toss away and it's stupid hoops card.
They are going to win this.
I am.
How much can you win 40 bucks?
400.
400.
Like I said, good move.
Gambling, man, that's where it's at.
Let's just all plunge our guts out.
Gambling and sure it's hockey.
I think if that stuff really tastes good tonight, I just might not be here tomorrow.
I'm just going to take a big sign.
Big cardboard sign.
Of course, I don't know where the hell I'd get it though.
The fact is that it's been under such great demand.
That's why a lot of those people were peered who posted the things on the Amazon.com because
they couldn't keep up with the customer demand.
So as bad as some people say it smells and taste them whatever in the...
I just really doubt that because it's just flat and I'm like regular pasta which swells up when you cook it, you know?
You know how it does.
Yes, I did.
It swells up, swells up.
This doesn't do that.
You just wash it off real good.
You rinse it and then you pour all the compliments and just heats it up.
But it doesn't like you.
You're a span.
I'm really curious.
And it's also very high in fiber they said so that like especially if you had diabetes,
it's a lot better for their well-forged grape juice, Humper.
I just mentioned that in passing, Humper.
Cancotargue, they had a Sony's video games division said Sony is still trying to finalize the Copyright Protection Technology
and other standards for the Blue Ray DVDs.
You know something?
Who cares about this?
I don't care about this.
Maybe some of the...
I don't know where the care thing is either.
Right.
Good.
I'm more concerned about the HD DVD player and discs.
That's right.
The Toshiba one is supposed to be out sometime this month.
I think maybe you're out of Google ad.
For me.
What about looking for...
So you got 22 minutes.
I beg your pardon?
Toshiba one.
No, this Google Toshiba HD DVD player.
And because it's supposed to be out sometime this month.
And I want to be one of the first ones to have it.
Not because I care about being first because I just want to have it.
Although of course it's kind of useless, you know.
It's like having a false teeth and having a toothbrush.
See my point?
That's it.
Not too much to point.
And go into the official Toshiba store.
Remember that's where I had about how they got their thing.
And of course then there's going to be the other one from Sony
and somebody else who I would hold it is at the end of the year.
Because we can ever agree on one.
It's always this crap.
Oh, you got to buy our brand.
Just like the VHS and that beta player.
Anybody out there that's got a beta VCR.
Good luck to you.
Well, what are you laughing about?
How the hell did they know?
It's supposed to be a better quality.
It was supposed to be this.
But a bit of a...
Remember the big pitch?
I do.
Well, this thing's taking forever to load for some reason.
Oh, don't tell me you got one.
I actually had done it myself, man.
And this computer is faster than grease lightning.
I don't think they're coming up.
What is it?
I'm on Toshiba's official site.
And they don't have anything for sale yet.
Oh, that's a big deal.
Just keep your IP old on that baby.
1113 votes on a pool.
And with only a 1230, we had 1100 plus votes.
That and 40 cents a by a fraction of one of them.
Basket basketball cards.
What simply doesn't mix church in state, 351.
George Bush in the White House.
He's moving to the second place.
He's got a long way to go to catch church in state.
Long way to go.
He's got one he need to.
But hasn't even been making fantastic big goose stepping strides
since early before the day.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks to whoever passed that in.
Jews in the A-Rabs, 153.
Old Farts in driving 97.
Oh, I forgot to get that Hall of Honor the day.
That's Pat's got sugar in it.
I'm sure that's got loaded with carbs.
That's a taste like cardboard.
Why don't I want that?
Don't do that.
Sex and party, 93.
Potty.
That was...
I want to hasten to point out that was Sean's term and that's what we call him.
Yeah, that's more like it.
Black folks in movie theaters, 92.
Money in friendship, 42.
South Florida and hockey, 26.
Business in family, 26.
Sex and food, 13.
Guns in booze, 12.
Radio in dumb jocks, 12.
OJ.
Cubans and Democrats, Quattro.
Near Roger Show and Phone Calls, 3.
What we've taken six or seven of these?
The offense in the Super Bowl, 3.
High schools and military recruiters, 2.
Panthers in the playoffs still only won.
You can still nobody cares and they're used to it anyway.
And old parts in movie theaters only won.
How about a little louder?
This is Neil Rogeris.
This is 5.62 A.L.
Take off those checkered pants.
Hey, it's Ali.
Now it's David.
Welcome back to the Mojave Baby Show,
where we're juke puller's aini,
but good clean family part.
I'm here and you're dead.
It's a lie.
I didn't die to a phrase.
You know that pipe smoking thing's rape is funny?
Is that funny?
Quattro.
Quattro.
Since when is gang rape funny?
What do you require of me?
I require you to drive your bags.
I'm not see-heat right now.
I'm not looking at you.
Drop it up.
Down the dirty.
You're like a baby.
Get your hands up.
Get out of there.
Elephant's a bitch.
That's my gun.
Don't touch my delicate, suspended.
Why do you think everybody want to rape me?
Why does we think it's funny?
That's why.
Open it, Pat!
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get your hands up.
Stay back on the watch these eggs.
My throat might be in this.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
Get off the net.
What are you some kind of fairy?
I'm not a good boy.
What do you know about being queer, you moron?
I've been right there nothing of the difference.
We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
This is sports radio over here.
We love men.
Up this point on it, I don't care.
They're getting a fight at the door.
Yeah!
I'm gonna make something out of this cray paper, you understand?
Then maybe later I'll pull the link source of this out of my pants, okay?
It's a joke, you moron.
Don't know.
There's more shit in my pants.
Oops!
Oops!
Oops!
Oh!
Please stay up.
Help!
Help!
Hello, Warren.
How can I help you?
Maybe you see more than here.
Keep getting raped.
You're looking to it right away.
Thanks, Warren.
It's about time.
I'm putting it out.
Drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
That's a remote candle, give you something that don't while you're watching golf.
Like the orange–
The hot liquid in your eye.
Uh, like this.
Hurry!
Go into the door, into the door.
Oops!
I'll look where the baby's gone.
Keep getting pants off.
Now, 10 wide.
You want to walk my show?
You'll do what you told me.
Now get on, baby.
That's right.
Now come here, now get over there.
Come here, now come here.
How about that man? Over here.
Oh, the pizza.
No, I did not steal those heaters.
Oh, the pizza.
I'll see here. I ain't no pie, bird blood.
I did not steal the pizza.
You only have one slice.
Put it in cold, turn it glass glass.
See if anybody's inside.
No, close it.
Close it.
I did not steal the pizza.
Oh, you're a tough guy, huh?
Why are you looking at me?
Oh, you're not singing.
Oh, you're singing.
Oh, you're not right now.
Right now, right now, you're supposed to step aside.
I'm the new Pope.
Say, I stand before you now.
Let me bless you, my son.
I said, join me.
I'm going to the door.
Well, perhaps you'll go in or my tootally.
I don't want to look for that tootally.
Yeah, I don't want you to tootally.
It's over me.
It's time.
I'll never bite me.
I've told this woman that I have lived you.
Why, I'll not get old.
I'll go home now.
Who are you?
Watch out for Mr. Wibble.
Sweetie.
You're not sweet.
What's that?
What's the point?
Big boy.
What's the point?
What's the point?
I got about it.
That's what I say.
And kiss my ass.
Absolutely.
1240.
Well, I tell you, we sure miss him, no way.
Well, it's kind of a mixed bag.
Somebody says speaking a mixed bag is for the poor love and marriage.
Right, George.
Life and marriage.
Life and marriage.
Don't take much in it, little George.
You've been raised in marriage.
Love and marriage sounds fine to me.
Sounds like a good song title.
Anyway, Bob Herbert writes, Stop Bush's Ward, in which we say,
Absolutely.
In New York Times today, he says, by some estimates, according to the recent article in Foreign Affairs,
the number of Iraqis who have done as a result of the U.S. invasion has reached six figures.
In other words, a hundred thousand or more.
Mostly more than it had been killed by all international terrorists in all of history.
Sanctions on Iraq probably were a necessary cause of death, or an even greater number of Iraqis, most of them children.
Not everyone agrees that Iraqi deaths have reached six figures.
Prison and Bush gave an estimate of 30,000.
Not too long ago.
That's probably low, but horrendous never less.
In any event, there's broad agreement that the number of Iraqi slaughterers has reached into the tens of thousands.
An ocean of blood has been shed in Mr. Bush's mindless war, and there's no end to this tragic flow in sight.
Jeffrey Gettelman of the Times gave us the following chilling paragraphs in Tuesday's paper.
In Saadar City, the Shiite section in Baghdad, where the four terrorist suspects were executed,
government forces have vanished.
The streets are ruled by aggressive teenagers with shiny sockers, these and machine guns.
They set up roadblocks and poke their heads into cars, detain whomever they want.
Mosques, flare warnings on loudspeakers for mercant troops to stay out, increasingly the mercants have been doing just that.
Everyone who thought this war was a good idea was wrong and out of admitted.
Those who still think it's a good idea should get therapy.
Last Friday and Saturday, a conference title Vietnam in the presidency was held at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library Museum in Boston.
Discussions about the lessons we failed to learn from Vietnam, and thus have failed to reply to a rack we're pervasive.
Some of the lessons seemed embarrassingly basic.
Jack Filletti, who served as special assistant to Lyndon Johnson, reminded us how difficult it is to impress democracy on other countries.
And he noted something that the public and the politicians seem to forget each time the glow of a brand new war is upon us,
that wars are inhumane, brutal, callous, and full of depravity.
Think Abhugar and Gitmo.
Think suicide bombers and death squads and roadside bombs.
Think of the formerly healthy men and women who have come back to the U.S. from Iraq, paralyzed or without their arms or legs or eyes or the full use of their minds.
Think of the many thousands of them dead.
Most of the people who thought this war was a good idea, also thought that the best way to fight it was with other people's children, that in itself is a formative property.
Among those who played a key role in the conference was David Halberstam, not your friend, the other one.
The author of the best in the brightest was not just the best book about America's development in Vietnam, but a book that grows more essential with each passing year.
If you read it in the 70s or 80s, read it again.
We can all use a refresher course on the link between Folly and Madness at the highest levels of government and the all but unimaginable suffering you can unleash.
In the books of Apple Law, Mr. Halberstam wrote that among other things, President Johnson and the men around him wanted to be defined as being strong and tough.
But strength and toughness encouraged were exterior qualities which would be demonstrated by going to a clean and hopefully antiseptic war with a small nation, rather than the interior and more lonely kind of strength and courage of telling the truth to America and perhaps incurring a good deal of domestic political risk.
That latter kind of toughness is what's needed now, invading Iraq was a disastrous move by the Bush administration and there's no satisfactory solution for forthcoming.
The White House should be working cooperatively with members of both parties in Congress to figure out the best way to bring the curtain down on U.S. involvement.
Before that can begin to happen, the administration will have to rid itself of the delusion that things are somehow going well in Iraq, the democracy that was supposed to flour in the Iraqi desert and then spread throughout the Middle East was as much a mirage as the weapons of mass destruction.
President Bush continues to assert that our goal in Iraq is victory. General Peter Pace, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, recently told Tim Russodon, face on the meat the press, things were going very, very well in Iraq.
They are still crawling toward the mirage, it's time to give reality a chance. That's Bob Herbert today at the New York Times, he's got to sum right on it.
He's going Bobby Boy. The Aryan Brotherhood recruits sociopaths and inmates willing to kill without hesitation, a former leader of the prison gang testified yesterday in the conspiracy and racketeering trial of four of its leaders.
They have a picture of one of these really fine looking guys right now, brother. Looks a little like somebody we know.
Are you sure convicted killer Clifford Smith who sat shackled and chained to the witness saying in war a black eye patch was the first witness called by prosecutors, one of the largest death penalty cases in the USA.
Not everybody wants to kill somebody. Some people are kind of squeamish about that stuff Smith who admitted committing eight murders and directing at least ten more said and describing the rare inmate welcome to the Aryan Brotherhood also known as the brand. You know the brand? No, what brand?
Asked by prosecutor Brandex. Oh, asked by prosecutor to further describe a candidate for the notorious prison gang Smith was in protective custody after dropping out of the gang, clopping with authority said a sociopath.
Oh, how about starting with our sales department. Aryan Brotherhood chief Barry the Baron Mills, top of a tent and Tyler the Hulk of Bingham. Christopher Gibson and Edgar Snail Heavall are charged with ruling US prisons through a murder, assault and intimidation.
The defendant said they're not a criminal gang with prisoners who banded together to survive. The fence lawyers are giving up in cases built on testimony from convicted felons willing to lie in exchange for leniency.
Smith recalled joining the Aryan Brotherhood shortly after arriving in prison in 77. I wanted in because I'm a predator he said. Prisoners made up of two types of people. Predators or prey you have to pick one.
In order to get into the brand a prospective member must kill somebody in spectacular fashion and vowed to never leave the group he said and his initiation was stepping a federal inmate 37 times in full few of the guards and other prisoners.
It was meant to be a public education execution Smith said even Jesus Christ in his disciples are not going to help if we want to get you even Jesus ain't going to help you. I don't like that. Not even.
You can save your eyes. That's right. Not even him. Even with those fancy sandals and that really nifty hig gear. The fence attorneys used their cross examination to Smith the portrayal is a liar saying he was hoping to win parole someday from the maximum security prisonries housed.
After Smith told you to told the truth while testifying in two trials involving members of the hell's angels motorcycle gang defense attorney Michael White played a tape is not telling a sheriff's deputy in 98 that he lied during those cases. White then accused Smith of being evasive on the witness stand looking for a way out of being caught in perjury. That wasn't no way out. He said you caught me Smith respond. I wouldn't know why you caught my ass.
But whatever that mean really classy folks. I straighter to by the way. I mean sure if you want to be a degenerate like yours truly a function is guts out of woodbond or just on those of basketball cards like Josh and George long on the WQM dot com and make your picks were.
So Bell South who's this area fixer made round by round round round by round so start making your first round solutions right now usually with the most points that the end of the tournament wins the grand prize of a thousand bucks.
See that's the one you should have gotten into I mean 400 that's chicken feet right. Well let me start with low you know.
Sure and slow that's right. I kind of this. Marlon baseball we got company. Marlon's on deck at 1250 OASF time was real. We're not too happy about having to leave really but where it goes we got on the share box.
Now we're pretty angry about it. Are we? Yeah. Marlon's at the 5 is at 105. Jim Mandar's magic after the baseball game after the exhibition is baseball.
The Roberto Walgo show when you know the US market and focus history the 7th of the clock is who we can't highlight it pretty close our stay house with Jesse Agri and George Gordon.
So maybe there were a bunch of our best of the.
Third in the season teachers now all you need to do is get two thousand sixty five bucks you get us up to 20 thousand and we're not sure we're about to.
Okay. Yeah two thousand sixty five right. Right now you're off rock then Jesse Agri in the studio at nine which he's going to have to make a fast run I guess.
That's right. Whatever. And then any came from our lighting city.
Tonight. Cuzing his ever loving brain.
Why did you got the baby?
Thank you so much for that.
I got a voice really think you jackass you limited.
I can stand. I have no. Don't call me again. Ever. Please.
I have these amazing skin treatments. It's just fantastic for the new I've with lasers.
You mean good.
You know I've always wanted to do. What is it? It's not the music real quick like that. Then what would you do?
I would really.
I thought that we don't have our music in here.
Got the music.
Don't forget loose things part two. You don't have to watch part one because part two is going to go up to minimum hour twenty minutes.
You're the best investment of time in your life.
Believe it or not, whatever you want to believe it. Find it out.
Just watch. Watch it in a week.
I'm dying out of here. You're fair.
