Friday you fasted
Last night you dug a booger out from your old crusty nose
Oh, right, you wrote it between your fingers and that's when things got gross
And I recall a horn you flung it down
You bounced off of table and splattered on the wall
And you went through your nostrils and you found some things in there
Like that fair play takes gloves that I bought you to wear
And it was so disgusting what went on from there
Yeah, tonight you're sitting on just picking your nose
Quit picking your nose quit picking your nose
Oh
I told you to leave the hundred times that's gross
Well, you just never listen girl you keep right on picking and I'll tell you once again quit picking your nose
1015 60 WQ and it's Friday. Thank the Lord November 17. There's Ricky Tiki Sanchez on CNN
Great, they got him in
Regalwood North Carolina where they have the hurry King of the tornado whatever the hell was tornado and
I think maybe CNN's hoping that there's an instant replay on the tornado and the blow is asked off on the ocean
They're trying all kinds of ways to get rid of his ass. They can't do it. I know I sure is how what anyway
Regalwood that's not anywhere near where you're joined is no well
What a shame yeah, well getting a phenomenal response on our website today and the yesterday afternoon
It couldn't be because of those naked pictures of Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn could it must be wow looks to me like he might be Jewish
Anyway, just don't look too close. That's all and you know somebody I know who is gay
Yeah, I know a few of those and I told him about your comments about
Herelus guys and all this other crap and he said you are so full of it as usual. Yeah, of course stubborn and militant
You know what are they just the expert on naked guys hairless and all guys shave their bodies because the women like it
You know because if they're gonna get some action they got a shave
They're thinking what is your gay friend know about that? I don't think that Brady Quinn has to shave anything you'd all the action
He wants with anything that alive dead
What I think your gay friend is full of crap and I know why?
The whole world is full of crap George is the expert you name the topic right and I he'll tell you especially when it comes to sex no matter
How many facts as we got backed up by every guy in the building? Yes, yeah
Backed up by every guy that's sent that facts. What about it? That girls don't like hair these days. So well
That's where it goes and anyway like I said
Let's let's just not because they don't get in tune you just don't understand right you go ask some Twinkies and they say yeah
Whatever you say man, I'm not interested in no Twinkies. How do you look at although it sounds good for lunch?
Mm-hmm, that's nice. I see that's the kind of crap. I don't eat that's loaded with trans fats by the way. Oh, yeah
Maybe that's why I'm so healthy Twinkies will kill you anyway
Can I get back speaking to get and killed a group of security contractors including four Americans was abducted yesterday
When a supply convoy was ambushed in southeastern Iraq a US military spokesman told CNN US troops are conducting a search another military
Spokesman said the abduction occurred at checkpoint at a checkpoint like that checkpoint in fact do I have that thing still?
Oh, yeah, I do have it good
Okay, I'll give to that in a minute in fact
Maybe you'll get abducted at the checkpoint by some police if you open your mouth
Yeah on Friday today the US Embassy in Baghdad told CNN that five contractors believed to be kidnapped at it
Everyone else has been accounted for but them the wheels of the military machine our emotion and investigation is ongoing
The wheels of the military machine our emotion. We haven't had a fax a
Telegram anything from anybody who's been a girl stream to the race you know yet. No, no, we have it playing them slots over there
I saw a news report yesterday about what did it say they didn't they talked about how
Big it was but then they didn't show anybody playing
They just showed an empty casino. Yeah, they had a reporter there live outside of Gulf Street. No outside the casino
They don't want us to see that the average age of the people inside was death plus 10
But that's always been the way Gulf Street. You know, even when it was just horse racing
You can't complain about the young people there because there aren't any now
Maybe this is gonna change that maybe this will bring some of people under the age of 500 and they're all oh
It's in Halendale. What do you expect?
They're trying to make it like the hard rock
I guess they were saying that there's like a club in there now and
You know trying to get the young people to come out right?
Well, maybe if we can get Gary Puckett the union gap back again for another concert that'll do it
Here's yesterday's poll throughout American history which group has been treated the worst
1600 and 30 votes Indians
695 votes 10 little Indians who did that was that the power of hearing the Raiders now?
It's no no, I don't know that children's son. 10 little in now. There was somebody done at a rock version of it 10 little engines
I think it was default in Marvin Indian 695 votes blacks 563. We had a really good battle between the red folks and the black folks
But the red folks won Jews 123 the only other group in triple digits 123 how about
Sammy Davis's Indian cousin who gay 71 women 71 I hate this poll only 65 a mere 3.9 percent
Mexicans 23 and Catholics 19 oh yeah, although William Downey who the Catholic League he would disagree with that
He would put Catholics we have to talk. There's this anti Catholic like that. You know, he's he's a
Crazy person is what he is just like all religious fanatics a crazy
Person so I'm thinking that if we really want to get the tremendous action on our website again
Not that we care, but if we did get back to put a lot of naked pictures on there again
Because I mean easy and I already even naked pictures is nothing at all provocative about some seeing some jock
With his shirt off. I mean what's the big deal with that right although he is you know
He's not your everyday pedestrian jock Brady Quinn, but nevertheless
No big deal with that. How about shirtless
Female jocks all right
Yeah, we need to get the beaded curtain back and I think there's a ray of wine. I'll weigh wound it if we have a
25 plus you know what I mean
That's the only thing they're concerned about that law that fascistic restrictive law is that you can't have any minors on there
You have to have proof that they were at least 18 when the time they were taking the naked picture
Mm-hmm. Well, I mean if we well, I don't know
I don't want to go there because then Erica get all bent out of shape. Oh, you're gonna give me a trouble
I'm gonna go to jail. Yeah, you'll have a good time in there all those trips to the Parliament House will pay off practice makes perfect
Anyway, getting back to this thing with the BSO the Browards Sheriff's Office D. Y. Task Force will conduct saturation patrols this Saturday
That's tomorrow night from 8.30 in the PM till 5.00 a.m. on Sunday morning in the following year is the North Lauderdale
I see this the mechanic sense
Mm-hmm. It doesn't in North Lauderdale open park unincorporated central Broward impaired drivers will be identified
D. Y. Laws will be actively in force
You know you'd drunks off the road and if they just don't like the way you look her if you find out they voted for a
Democratic candidate for any orifice they're gonna like drag your ass away
It's just the way it is that's the American FN way. I think that law is still that's part of the Patriot Act part three
Oh, there's Hank is on CNN again on the story we've been reporting all morning long
Well, she is probably that Barbara star
She is absolutely one of the grimest like and she hasn't got any makeup looks like she just crawled out of the sack
Americans anything come wow
967 votes already and our goal is only a thousand
Hopefully because of course one of the are you looking at that?
Look at what are the stars. Yeah, why would I do that? Well because she looks worse than ever
I mean she looks like she looks sad
She missed the makeup I'll call this morning and she just crawled out of the sack
Maybe her cat died is that what it is? I don't know or something like that. I don't think she has
She's crying which ultra rich person you despise the most we have 967 votes
Rupert Murdoch for obvious reasons because he's a right wing piece of crap who's responsible not just
For the New York Post all his other right wing pieces of garbage newspapers, but of course for Fox so-called news
So everybody hates him like poison Rupert Murdoch 326. He's gotten agenda and evil doer if there ever was one
I hate them all 137
You know what I'm thinking about those people are said I hate them all probably slumpers
Mm-hmm
Like you people don't have two nickels to rub together. So they're just jealous
Oprah 134. I'm so glad that she moved up into a strong second place nice going bitch Donald Trump
122 we hate the Donald like poison. I hate it when people say the Donald
Wayne Heisenga 111 and one thing he and Donald both year nice here George Steinbrenner 51 voice way on down to him small potatoes
I hate this pull 48 4.9 percent Ted Turner 27 Bill Gates 17 and Warren Buffett only five
Well if we to put Jimmy Buffett on there he'd done better than that, but we're not gonna do that
Warren Buffett only five. Well, you know, he's so such a philanthropist him and Ted Turner
985 votes on the pulled did we leave anybody off of that thing we could still add them on her now
I don't think so actually that yesterday toward the end of the show and you couldn't come up with any other people
You got all the important people are there well good. We like to leave no stone unturned
Well, she looks bad too whoever the hell that is
I must have had run out of a lipstick and mascara and makeup stuff like that. Well, she's in Baghdad
They don't have any makeup over there. Oh, that's right. We don't want to have any women with makeup and Baghdad
Not seen publicly since resigning from Congress and national scandal
I bet she's got some nice makeup on mark fully
Finally emerged yesterday in Palm Beach County after the death of his father
The former congressman who left this post as a US representative in September after the disclosure that he had sent sexually explicit emails to
Congressional pages is in town in West Palm for Ed Follies funeral Ed Follie 85.on Tuesday
Follies emergence his coming out comes as the FDLE indicated that it shifted from a preliminary inquiry to a
full-fledged criminal investigation
regarding Miss Follie as the scandal unfolded more details were made public concerning Follies communications with teenage boys
The US justice department and FDLE indicated that we're launching inquiries. They're launching it
I bet you when he was sending those emails. He was launching it too
We found that there might be criminal violations that would warrant a full investigation said FDLE spokeswoman
Christina Persuela
Pers Luja whatever name is adding that the agency also is assisting the FBI
We don't know, but that's what we're gonna look into she said
wearing a red polo shirt fully was seen with his attorney David Roth that the Palm Beach home of his friend
Lane Nissenbaum on Thursday and later spent time at Roth's office according to channel five in Palm Beach
Nissenbaum is a Palm Beach dermatology practice. Oh see that the dermatologist. He's probably getting like a scrub
They're probably scrubbing it. It's unclear whether Follie will be at the the visitation today at Quattalbaum funeral home or tomorrow's funeral
Mass at Miriamaculate Catholic Church
His attorney David Roth is should reach statement yesterday on behalf of Follie in his family asking for privacy
Roth couldn't be reached for comment beyond the press release
Scott Andich funeral director at Quattalbaum funeral home acknowledged there may be speculation about Follies presence during the services
This is about Ed Follie not about Mark Follie and hopefully that's how it stays on did said wonder if Andich's can do a mandate
Think Follie recently underwent treatment for booze addiction in Arizona
We have a soldier he previously announced to his attorneys that he is gay and that a priest molested him when he was just a teenager
The priest Marcieca whatever his name is who said he thought he was enjoying it. He liked it
He had a good time. He was smiling when it was going on
All of that all of these things. I wonder what fervor and Ted thinks about this. You know Ted Haggard? Oh
What he's thinking about that it's the devil the devil all the closet queens all the time baby
All the geckys all the closet queens all the least miss Follie wasn't you know like some kind of religious nut like Reverend Ted
He was just a sponsor of that
Internet legislation about well, let's be sure we protect all the kids from perverts like me on the internet is what he was thinking
994 votes on the pool Rupert Murdoch is running away with it hands down hands down. You're a panel to me
The biggest name of best talent this is neo-Rodgers sports radio 560
sa
12 Friday your bests
Absolutely
Oh
ott
What a crime don't you wear the Christian blood?
Did it steal the pride of the jail?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
That day they came to watch us
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
From your junk pony my pony
For having too much fun with two bunch rolling
Here's a shallot cross can't be far behind now
Yeah
We just a couple of more round the pounder
Round the pounder and fly, on the fly, on the fly
All you let me do is reput the key, it's a crime
It's a crime, it's a crime, it's a crime
What a crime don't you let me do it, it's a crime
That's a crime, that's a crime
That's a crime, that's a crime
We just a couple more round the pounder
You're fairer
Let's look at that schedule if we have to
Maddox is that Hooters and the Pines between Aaron Pompano excuse me
Hooters and Pompano is that what I just said?
Yes, two to four power hour with Hank and the Maddox four to five
The Humper Solo between five and seven
Then I'll guess who did the game on TV last night the Panther Game
I'll give you one guess
Goldie, Geldy, Geldy and Denise Potfan
Boy, I talked about the blind leading the blind
And the Panthers kicked that frog ass right there
And the Aienta's center five to one
Anyway Panthers inside it with Geldy from Doris Italian market at seven o'clock
Followed in innocuously by the UM Evansville a basketball game
The American Youth Classic at seven thirty
And then it came from Vegas follows you in basketball
Which is like following transmitter maintenance
2014 votes
We are off to the races now let me just
I don't want to get into a big thing about this but we might have killed some good time
About the internet screaming
Now you're explaining to me before the show
Which I still don't understand we increased the bandwidth so that it sounds so much better than ever did before
Sounds really great and crystal queer and it's just a beautiful thing
But we increased the bit rate too according to Eric
Which makes it sound great if you can accommodate the more information that we're feeding out there
But if you can tell your slumpers out the rules of the game
So you're using dial up, get rid of it
I can't imagine anybody using a dial up except maybe Larry King
When he punches those little buttons he wants to make sure it has to punch him real slowly
Because he's always got to keep one hand on his bag
I still see those ads
All kinds of companies offering dial up and you know I just laugh
Like what's the point?
I think the only advantage to dial up is it's real cheap
Right?
And you know what?
And you get your money's worth too
We got 773 friends at our Myspace page and Josh says that is really phenomenal
Yes it is
First of all compared to what's your name Nancy Grace?
Nancy Grace doesn't have as many friends as she thinks she did
That's surprising?
Maybe that's why she's so anxious to befriend everybody she speaks to
Friend?
Because she don't have too many friends
Which she have 400 and something on that Myspace page?
Like 200 something
No it wasn't, it was 400 and something
No I don't think you have a memory like that
I'm thinking it was like 279
No, 449
Fish
Look it up again I'm telling you how I guess it's 449
I'm going to befriend?
I'm going 279
449, okay let me write these down
You say 279, I say 449
The winner gets a gazillion dollars
Gets his own slot machine to take home and dittle with
Or gets a Brady Quinn to take home in dittle with
And since I know you don't want that I'll take it
So anyway look it up and let's see what she's got
She's got nothing man
Speaking of somebody who's got lots of nothing
The Pope, you know the Pope with the fancy red shoes
So anyway if we got any factions today
From people bitching about the internet connection
And it's all messed up
Not yet
So far
If you're listening online we hope that it sounds
Really sensational
We hope it is fantastic
And yeah you were right
What how much is it?
478
Uh huh
And that would be surprising it was 449 yesterday
We looked it up because she's probably
Gain in frames like crazy since we talked about it
478
That's a lot closer than 279 my guess
But anyway
Get that toilet paper roll out again for the other do not
Yeah, let's do the whole show in it through the toilet paper roll
And then the people online will say
It sounds like you're talking through a toilet paper roll
Like that fax on Wednesday
Pope Benedict XVI believes Catholicism is growing sick
And it's historic birthplace of Western Europe
Where shortage of priests is both a symptom and an aggravating condition
Of the choice of priestly celibacy
Keep it in your pants
That's the deal
In normal circumstances
Millingo's taste for the spotlight might cause the Vatican to simply ignore him
But the fact that the Pope called the meeting in the first place is telling
The question of specific dispensations
And the border question of celibacy is not a matter of fixed church doctrine
But as long as a tradition of Latin church
While Eastern-right churches allow women to become priests
Church insiders say that a small core progressive cardinals
Have been trying to open up discussion of the rules going well back into John Paul's papacy
Some observers even speak of the risk of a new schism with Millingo's departure
I wonder if he was a Millingerer
Though he is largely considered an unpredictable and isolated figure
Who's lost much of his original following
His becoming a de facto public spokesman for those opposing the centuries old church tradition of priestly celibacy however
May have offered better that they unique opportunity to clearly stay this position on this hot button request early in his papacy
As John Paul the toothed in his second year in Orifice
That's where the Pope's likened in the Orifice
Vatican sources note that there are several prominent cardinals who want to at least find two in the policy on celibacy
They want to fine tune it like your radio dial. I don't think the Pope cares about Millingo said one senior Vatican official
But he wants to give the cardinals a chance to have their say it's better to respond head on
Applied directly to the brainstem
Applied directly to the brainstem
Applied directly to the brainstem
I didn't know Shula was hooked on caffeine but nevertheless
The plot of the art of African art's bishop soap opera which could be dubbed as Millingo turns
Has been twisting for years a tent of viewers may remember that Millingo a tent of viewers of what what is this on since that time magazine
May remember that Millingo who built a loyal international following for his passion in sermons and purported faith-healing prowess shocked the Catholic church in 2001
By suddenly marrying a South Korean woman reverend sung my own moons unification church
Millingo later passed things up with the Vatican which simply never recognizes marriage to his hand picked bride
Who held a week's long sit-in protest in St Peter's Square demanding her husband back
She was doing an angel song I want my husband back my husband's back
Millingo later published a book in which he reprinted his mirrored of ours and was eventually placed in a backwater retaining diocese
Where church officials could keep an eye on him but two months ago
Millingo 76 burst back on the scene or dating four American married men as bishops and defines the Vatican
It was automatically excommunicated
It doesn't say whether they were married to women or elected to each other
He says he doesn't recognize the excommunication and is organized a convention for more than a thousand married priests
And their wives in New York December a through the 10th all right. Let's hear it for those married priests
At least they're getting some of it. So you know legal as opposed to molested little altar boys
Is now what the pope would like to do best altar boys? I think that's probably his number one hobby
Imagine although the swish guard now I think they got to be legal. I know what the deal is with them
They got to wear like a lot of heavy heavy clothing
So the pope can't get at him real easy they can't just be hanging loose
27 past 10 at 5 50 WQA me who would be a good swish guard is James Franco he looks like I got that look
Picturing in in a parade don't they wear those little yeah funny. I think I think it would fit he's got that Franco American look
I have a line for that but you're so give very upset
A thousand 34 votes on a pool. It's not even 10 30 at man
We are really kicking some big and that's because we got those naked pictures of Brady Quinn on there man
That should really put us over the top if you're expecting guests this holiday season
Then it's a great time to dial 1 800 mattress plus its dial macros is 30th
By 30 man first day and a celebrate dial macros and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons
Beauty rest pillow top you can choose from South Florida's biggest selection to Simmons beauty rest with same day delivery like always
There's no way in the world that you have to be a nut when you go out and shop in for a mattress
You don't have to leave the house at all. Don't go to those bedding and department stores and get ripped off
Wasting a lot of gas and time and money just call dial macros like I've done for years 1 800 mattress to get yourself factory direct prices
Unbeatable prices and award winning service with no nonsense and like always and I've been telling you this for about a hundred years
You choose the date and time for delivery when you want when it's convenient for you a 2-hour window
And I'll show up in that window like noon to 2 1 to 3 instead of sitting around on your ass all day praying that somebody shows up
And you can pick any day you want anytime seven days a week 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Even the same day that you call
In other words if you make the call right now you can be sleeping like a baby tonight and for years to come
That's why dial macros is ranked number one a customer satisfaction because they give you better prices and service than anybody else
And why just about everybody QM uses dial macros on the web check them out at macros.com or make the easy call right now 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous saving
The biggest name of best talent this is real Rogers for radio 560
QAM
David's a bitch isn't it funny how some taste just take you back like when you were a teenager
Remember sitting on your porch on a cool summer evening popping a zit with your fingers and then eating it
Well the great taste is back at the Puzz ballast
Yes delicious creamy soft serve puss in a cone or a dish with your choice of toppings all the great taste of your body you enjoyed as a kid
Like warm ear wax, stab chips, and our new booger bits the Puzz ballast ice cream, you scream we all scream for Puzz
Hmm as Miss Foley would say hmm 1032 a 560 WQ I'm happy Friday too
Don't forget we got the big treat coming for a Josh and George a little bit later on love probably now
I've got since ice cream is got their 50th anniversary and that big thing coming up tomorrow night which we'll tell you about
And they bring in more tubs of ice cream and hot fudge and butter scotch and foot long weenies those national foot longs etc all of these
Two tubs this time two tubs hmm okay don't forget what I recommended about the hot fudge in the butter scotch
Take those little plastic containers new come for just a few seconds about 8 9 seconds
And then just you got steaming hot hot fudge to pour over your rocky road or whatever all that
Disgusting but today I'm good thing I'm not in the mood for ice cream I'll say to that yet
This story is exactly what's wrong with the entire world this this is what just makes me want to get down on my hands and ease and puke my guts on the floor for hours and hours
Putnam Connecticut I wonder if that's got anything to do with Joe Putnam
The drives at Hazel Park occasionally and Indiana how about Carl Putnam Jr.
Anyway two armed thugs tried to rob a line of people waiting to buy the new PlayStation 3 gaming console early today
And shot one who refused to give up the money authority said should he give it up
Two confended 15 to 20 people were in line outside a wall mart store shortly before a short after three this morning
And demanded money said lieutenant jay Paul Vance I'm sure he's related to Dave Vance
A spokesman for the state police the new Sony consoles are selling for around five to six hundred bucks
One of the patrons resisted he kept his honor that was the guy that got shot
Oh yeah it's true he kept his honor and he got shot
He said the two gunman fled and the victim was taken the University of Massachusetts Medical Center in Worcester no immediate word on his condition
Vance said police were searching for the suspects both believed to be in their teens
He said one was wearing a ski mask and brandishing a handgun and the other head would appear to be a shot gun
Kind of like the one that was used in that movie that we raved about match point where he like had the shotgun
We're not going to tell you who he shot with it or if he did shoot anybody the radio huh
At any rate no we don't want to ruin it
Well look at this more fact more polls from Sean thank you Sean just in the nicotine man thank you so much
In Palmdale California 30 shot down a super wall mart after some shoppers got a rowdy late Wednesday
In West Bend Wisconsin a 19 year old man was injured when he went into a pool racing with 50 others for one of ten spots outside of Walmart
He had a pool problem and Lexington Kentucky police were investigating a drive by shooting the hit for people with BB pellets outside a best by store causing minor injuries
According to Kyt who's own reporter was hit as she interviewed buyers in line and at a best by in Boston
Where it had only 140 the consoles they got smart its employees give out tickets to the first 140 people lines
Everybody could go home and come back later and buy it in more civilized circumstances
And then the smart way to do it absolutely Jackson's is here by the way Jackson's is here with the ice cream
Thanks God man. Thank God that I'm not there because boy my blood sugar would go skyrocketing
That probably croak right on here with a big smile on my face though
Now let's see what Sean says before I look at his pulls here and this day and eight some intimate grooming is appropriate
But I'm not so sure about the total bikini shaving so common among girls
Unless you're a biker a guy doesn't want to bed down a girl with a body here like a haziner
But I don't want to feel like I'm a listening a campfire girl either it's okay for guys to trim a bit to avoid the chroma
Then look you don't want to be like that pissed off caveman
But shaving even worse leaving a landing strip is mega gay I would agree with that absolutely see Sean knows what he's talking about
Absolutely what let me say let me say it again I would say at least 50% maybe majority of young guys like say under 25 are
Heralis and don't they're not shaving their chest they're not shaving their armpits and not shaming if they're shaving their crop sets a different story
That's a lazy thing. Let me ask you what is your your gay friend know about what straight guys are doing as James Carville continues his crusade to
Wastowardin is DNC chair DCCC chair Ram Emmanuel wants to consolidate according sources in the DNC and the DCCCCC
Emmanuel called Dean this morning who distance himself from the tone and general tenor of Carville's comments
That's yesterday and a short conversation in manual acknowledge that he shared some of Carville's opinions about the DNC's priorities
But said he did not share Carville's wish that Dean ought to be out to this DNC chair and by the way
Guess who's going to be the speaker? I don't know what day it's coming because I don't pay attention to stupid Canadian politics
Guess who's going to be the speaker at the liberal party convention here Canada?
Baba no I guess me hit I'll give you a audio clue
Oh, how we the impossible manual on election item the two out of friendly conversation court of sources affiliated with both men
When the when their schedules permit Dean and Emmanuel meet privately to discuss their plans for the 2008 cycle
Both sides hope to reach in advance and understanding about how the democratic party committees will fund state parties and candidate committees
After the private meeting the two will likely take their rapprochement public. Oh, there's another stupid French word
Meanwhile current DNC member X DNC chair down Fowler emailed members of the DNC his response to Carville
He said some ill advised voices have suggested that because of his 50 state strategy governor
Dean should be replaced to chair the DNC he wrote in the email. This is nonsense. He said the 50 state strategy exactly with the democratic party need and continues to need
Nice going Don. They don't come no Fowler than Don but he's got his thumb right on it. You go boy. So how's the ice cream and the weenies and stuff?
It's good and cold. It's just ice cream. Oh no we need. Oh, no we got.
It's a little bit early in the day to be thinking about weenies. So although I'm worried about it because I got a whole tub of ice cream over here.
I'm going to take a look at those pictures again on our website just to make sure the Brady Quenneed shavon is chat. I'm just Tonya.
You can just tell when a guy is one of those ordinarily hairless people. That's him. I'm just Tonya right now.
Okay. I can usually nine out of 10 times tell by looking at a guy's face. I would say it because like you mentioned yesterday when you're person.
Can I finish or I can usually tell by looking at a guy whether he's got hair on his chest or not. The only exception would have been of course your ultra hairy and he made up for a lot of, you know, your buddy won Pablo.
Well, you were talking about the the stubble which is very obvious. But you know when you're looking at pictures, you know, you know what they do with pictures. They retouch and I'm trying to write now Brady Quenne is as smooth and silky as a hangman's ass.
I don't want to get in the way of your fantasy. Well, whatever. And what difference does it make? Okay. Why do you care? That's what I'm so concerned about.
I've got all been out of trouble. So hung up about what are this guy shaving his nine. You are. I could give a point. I just happened to notice on the picture that looked like he shaved his pubes. It was a quimmy here. That's what you got.
A little bit gay, unusual to me. And then of course you guys were both tell me about all upset when I implied that he probably uses.
There. And do I care if he uses me apparently do on his pair. 1068 votes on the pool.
Hmm. Is what we got. What do you got there? What do you want? Straight up chocolate? I think straight up chocolate with some hot fudge on it. I got some American.
I'm putting more some ice and put that. Fudge in a microwave and nuke it for a few seconds. My way right here. Who know? Yeah. And I'm telling you. That's the way to go.
Oh, we all hot hot. Fudge. Listen to me. Just lethal it right on there on your chocolate. And what are you eating in there Josh? I got the same. I'm going chocolate. No.
1068 votes on the pool. Which ultra rich person dude despise the most whether or not they near their chest. Rupert Murdoch. 353. I hate them all 150.
Oprah 142. How much is she's neat? Not. Oh, yeah. We saw us coming out of her. Well anyway. He's probably going to talk Donald Trump. 132 Wayne hyzing a 123. I can't believe Wayne ain't doing better than that.
I hate this pool only 55.6% five and a half percent whatever it is George Steinbrenner only 55. He's small taters man. Ted Turner 31 Bill Gates 18 and Warren Buffett.
He's still got only five. So lamentate. Chinkway. So Tonto. Chink. But whatever the hell. See when you start mixing the Spanish and Italian is very non linguistic. It's bad. Bad to be doing it.
Oh, here's another lifter to us. But at least he wasn't standing in front of pin. This weekend you people out there that just desperate to see a really neat flick that you haven't seen before go out to your video store and get pin and also get match point.
I think match points a lot better but nevertheless yes it is better ready better. Yeah, I would go ahead to the queue to. If you heard from Leon. I miss him. Yeah, that's good. He's sitting in the window and it's oh, I don't want to run the ending for you.
The biggest name. This is like. This is.
For 60.
This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere. The Neil Roger.
It is the interview everyone is talking about the question Anna has never answered until now Anna are you going to vote?
Oh, yes. How you going to vote on Proposition 87 or answer will surprise you. Well, I didn't think about that.
It is the interview moment. That is almost too difficult to why. Okay, then how you going to vote on Proposition 86?
I know nothing about nothing. It is gripping painful. Do you know the difference between Proposition H and preparation age?
I want to say my clothes off. It is dramatic footage. Are you a Democrat, a Republican or a Sagittarius with Mercury rising?
I'm trying to listen to the air.
She's doing it. Let me tell you 1047 13 to 11 at 560 WQ AM joined Kim Bo camp for today.
Noon to one big tall boring Kim. He's a good guy. Noon to one at the David Charhart located at 9000 West
Day Road 84 stopped by to spend the QM wheel for those really no budget prizes and helped celebrate Charhart's 30th.
Absolutely.
So Jackson's and Danias having their 50th anniversary in Charhart their 30th.
Not exciting? That's exciting and I think I might go from sober.
You might go to wear the Charhart? No to Jackson's. Oh, you mean tomorrow?
Yeah.
Oh, do I still have that promo for their big thing tomorrow night?
I don't want to send it again. No, I don't want to. Oh, you mean tomorrow? Yeah.
Oh, do I still have that promo for their big thing tomorrow night?
No, I don't want to. Send it again. No, I don't. Maybe I don't have to.
Don't we have a spot for that today? I'm sure we have a spot.
One moment, please. Let me check my log. I'm looking at my log and I'm in tears.
Yeah, you did. I know precisely where it is.
Here's a real surprise. Not Republicans today chose representative John Bainer succeeding fat ass speaker.
Denny Hasdard and the top GOP lead position over the Democratic control house that convenes in January.
Bainer defeated Indiana conservative Mike Pence. Bainer's election cement his resurrection within GOP leadership ranks
and his elevation is the party's front line leader came despite unrest after a spirited campaign by Pence.
Bainer succeeds, of course, Tom DeLay, the anxious Tom DeLay, who's out.
Thousand ninety four votes on the pool will easy have over 1100 by 11, 11 by 11.
And the response on that website is just unbelievable. That's because we got a lot of fruit cakes out there.
A couple of women too. I beg your pardon? You don't think the women are checking that out too?
We don't have any women. Oh, yeah, that's right.
We don't have any women. We got like maybe 40, 50 women listen to this show.
We don't have to be on this station. You just keep forgetting about it.
You're right. In fact, I noticed there in that very last segment of the morning show after we switched over and forced me to
I mean, I was able to listen and Kenny said it's 9.58 and then he said a sports time.
Is that he'd like to keep forgot about it? But he wanted to make sure that he got there.
They've got a gun to his head man. He's under tremendous pressure. You can bet your life on it.
And then that's why I'll be honest with you. That's the only reason that I had the Josh put those pictures of Brady Quinn up there because he's a quarterback for Notre Dame.
It's a sports thing. It's got nothing to do with the fact that he's naked and looks so hot.
That's not got nothing to do with it. Oh, our straight male audience out there.
They didn't want to hear about some hot looking young guy to play his quarterback for Notre Dame.
But it's a sports thing. And the fact that the sports fanatics are all like that.
You know, am I right? Isn't it a sports thing? You answer that Josh?
Yeah, why not?
Depends on what kind of sport you're into.
U.S. President George, he's busy trimming now. Don't get that here in the ice cream, man. That's gross.
Oh, no, not again.
U.S. President George Bush was informed this week of an initiative to establish a center under his name in Israel as a sign of gratitude for his support for the country and its security for being so far-bicin.
Outgoing Israeli ambassador to the U.S. Daniel Alon.
What if he's kind of Frankie Avalon asked Bush for the go ahead with establish such a center during a farewell meeting with the president and his deputy Dick Cheney.
Bush told I align the freedom to be a worthy subject for the center to focus on one moment.
Freeze. I'll be back in 10 seconds.
That was a bit important.
Scared me. I dropped my spoon.
They were all shaving our chest while we're on a year here.
I'm doing two words with one stone.
I align as yet to approach donors with a request to finance the establishment of the Bush Center in Israel, the Bush Center.
But does not expect to encounter difficulties when it comes to raising the funds.
The outgoing ambassador will continue to work on the matter with White House chief of staff Josh Bolton.
Meanwhile, I align who leaves the diplomatic service in a number of days left Washington on Tuesday and flew out to the West Coast, where he's participating in a number of events before he turned into Israel.
But they're probably giving him lots more cluster bombs and nukes and stuff and saying, go get him.
Before it's too late.
Oh no. Anna Carolina Reston. She's a model.
She was a model in Rio.
The mother of a Brazilian fashion model who died from complications of anorexia has made an emotional appeal for parents to take better care of aspiring young models.
Anna Carolina Reston. She worked abroad and did some jobs for the Brazilian model agency.
Le Kipe. I worked abroad.
They keep. Didn't work out though.
The death of Anna Carolina Reston, 21, follows growing criticism of the use of underweight models in the fashion world.
And it should give a new significance after the death in August of Uruguayan model.
Luis Sal Aramos of heart failure during a fashion show in Montevideo. See, heart failure.
Their hearts are going out. It's like a caring carpenter deal.
Reston died Tuesday in Seattle, hospital from a generalized infection caused by anorexia, and needing disorder in which sufferers obsessively deprive themselves of food in pursuit of the ultra slim look.
The pencil look. A walking pencil man. Reston weighed only 88 pounds. It was about 5 foot 8 inches tall.
Doctors considered the normal weight for, that to be a normal weight for a 12-year-old girl no more than about 5 feet tall.
Take care of your children. Nobody's worth a life of your child.
Not even the most famous fashion brand is worth it. Her mother, Miriam Reston, told,
Oh, global newspaper. She said her daughter had been trying to help the family with money she made as a model.
Miriam spoke on national TV into a local newspaper to highlight the tragedy.
She said she had pleaded with her daughter to eat more. See a doctor. Have a sandwich. Go get some beef, or be in bean burritos.
Come with me to Taco Bell. She would reply, Mommy don't mess me around. Miriam told us daughter to say,
Pao, sell Paolo.
That's the end of that story. She's dead. Honey like that. Eat.
Man, jamangia man. Real. And of course, eat too much and you're going to die too.
That's the kind of God you got, man. Very, very sadistic bastard.
1106 on our pool. By the way, 1106. There's not a lot of point reading the Resulver.
Often because obviously, Rupert Murdoch's got it licked, especially with our crowd.
We hate him like poison. Although I voted for Wayne just because I went in a few left out.
I know he was up against some stiff competition. Right. I know that you've parked Mark.
I beg your pardon. The Donald. Even though I knew that Rupert is the more evil one.
And you know, that's what everyone was going to look for.
A nice, airtight Donald. Yeah. Anyway, getting back to this OJ thing,
which I don't want to spend much time on it. Don't hear the air's the deal.
Don't buy the book and definitely don't watch the Fox thing. Right.
Judith Regan, publisher of OJ Simpson's stupid ass book, if I did it.
She says she didn't pay him for the rights to publish his book in which the one-time football superstar
tells how he would have killed his ex wife. If in fact, he had done it.
This is the most stupid pile of crap. And again, like Fred Goldman keeps saying,
because they got him under every five minutes, just another slap in everybody's face is what it is.
What I do know is I didn't pay him. Regan said in the statement published exclusively last night on the Fudge Report.
Fudge? Is that Fudge? Yeah. I contracted to a third party.
And did you want Nukhli to have Fudge or what? Nukhli had Fudge and I ported on my chocolate to get it chocolatey or.
Am I right? I'm a past out here in a minute. Good.
I contracted to a third party, he owns the rights and I was told the money would go to his children.
And that much I could live with, she said. His children who, of course, by the way,
are going to be watching this thing on Fox and reading the book and everybody will be saying,
Hey, your daddy killed those people, kids. They know.
Your slime all daddy. The book that he'll reportedly was sold a Harvard Council for three and a half million dollars.
The producer of a TV special Fox plans to wear a conjunction with the book confirmed that Regan Stamu was authentic and since he was publishing it only on the Fudge Report,
it would not provide copies to other media outlets.
She's in bed with Miss Fudge, not for long though.
Regan said in the statement that she knew from my own experience that Simpson would be found not guilty murdering his ex-wife Nicole Brown and a friend around Goldman.
Regan said that she knew Simpson would be acquitted because she, her self, had once been accused by a boy friend who manipulated Lied and broke her heart.
And then, after all, but leaving me dead in the hospital, he left for good, she said.
Regan said, I made the decision to publish this book and it's it face to face with the killer because I wanted him and the men who broke my heart in your hearts to tell the truth
and confess their sins and to do penance and to amend their lives.
Oh yeah, Simpson was acquitted of the murder. We know that but I'm even a bit of a bit of a bump and all he was ordered to pay an estimate of 30 or five million dollars in damages.
He's never paid a penny and never willed with the goldmins with the browns or anybody else because he's a slime ball and a low life and a piece of crap who was admired and year-speared by some of the people who used to work and still work on this radio station.
And we apologize for that profusely.
And again, even though it's years later, we apologize for the fact that he was invited to show up at our charity golf tournament.
See, that should have been the turning point right then and there. If I had if I had any balls, if I had any brains, it would have been a lawsuit.
I should have sued him for about 80 million. I should have taken a rash right to the cleaners. Greg Reed and Scruan and the bees lesion this whole bunch and the water Nazi, these jockstrap sniffing lunatics.
The biggest name of the best talent is the O'Rodgers, sports radio 560s UAM.
This is the O'Rodgers show.
This is the brain.
Any questions?
No. Some stations give you cash. Some stations give you cash.
But this station is going to give you more because this station is going to give you a total human experience.
That's right. We're going to change your sex.
You're sex.
How the other half of you did?
Discover just why you were so lousy and bad.
Guys, look what it's like to ask for directions.
Girls, you would like to be a jerk.
And when you hear this sound, you was a call and we'll change your sex.
You're sex.
Winners of the sex change receive an all expense pay trip to Sweden where highly skilled surgeons will rip out the genitals, stop them in a plastic bag and shove them in some new ones.
Winners may keep their old genitals as a free gift.
Employees of this station are not eligible to have their genitals ripped out free of charge but must do so with their own expense.
You know you want to change your sex.
People just think to win.
I don't know two at 560. I was speaking of Swedish, whatever.
Yes.
There's another category where you admitted yesterday like Asian young men and who else Indians.
Indian right.
And Latinos many of them.
And what about Scandinavians?
They hairy, pretty men in Scandinavia.
No, the very fair have little hair.
Fair hair.
You're fair.
Oh no.
1122 votes on our poll today.
It's almost as popular as those Brady Quinn pictures.
I'm sure that every Aquian in America is looking at those.
They're all over the internet.
And of course that's bad that I found that stuff because you punch a couple little buttons and then you find all these naked people on there.
And what I'm saying there.
Uh huh.
That just, I still can't get over that.
There's some things that just bug me to the point.
It's like that thing about somewhere there's a murderer out there on the loose.
He was joking, wasn't it?
That was all a big joke.
Let's pretend it was.
No, I don't mean the murder was a joke.
It was a tragedy like anybody else, but just, uh, wow.
Well, we are sports intensive.
And if anybody in sports gets like a hang nail or something like that,
we get really indignant and pissed off about it here on QAM and across the street.
I'm sure we get really upset and bent out of shape and cry like little women, like little ladies.
Doug Thompson, your buddy on CapitolTillBlue.com.
He's not too enchanted speaking to little ladies with Nancy Pelosi and rightfully so.
Right.
I don't like her either.
Pelosi and the Democrats, the lady and her tramps, he writes today in his rant on CapitolTillBlue.com.
He says after watching incoming speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi's Gidey Gidey, Katie Couricstow performance before the cameras Thursday,
I had a wonder is this Bimbo, Bimbo ready for prime time?
After being elected the first female speaker in history of the Old Boys Club called the House of Representatives,
Pelosi who promised quick unflinching reform in the Congressional cesspool, urged her colleagues to elect as her number two,
the ethics challenged lobbyist pandering pork bloated John Murtha.
The Democrats quickly put the little lady in her place and elected and said,
Maryland Congressman Steny Hoyer, the vote wasn't even close.
Keep in mind that Hoyer is no saint, like Murtha, he never made a lobbyist whose money he wouldn't take,
and he sold his vote more than once, but at least he didn't give video tape,
telling undercover FBI's imposing as a sleazy con man, that maybe we can do business once we get to know him.
Despite all their promises of reform, Democrats seem to be well on their way to a business as usual,
way of doing things, Hoyer won because he cashed in favors, the standard way of getting things done in Congress.
Murtha lost the majority leader's job, but Pelosi re-worded him with a key subcommittee chairmanship,
where he can keep cashing in on this context with fat cat defense industry lobbyists.
Then the new lady of the House paraded before the TV cameras and said,
let the healing begin.
What's next? Try out Rodney Keynes, A. Camp, we all just learned to get along?
Over on the other side of the Hill Senate Republicans proved they haven't learned a damn thing from the election either,
the electing corrupt, Rob Taken, Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell is their new leader,
and installing in a one vote, squeaker, racist Trent Lot, as is number two.
Lot, whose razor-thin victory is being held, is the comeback of the year by immediate that gave far more attention
to the lot of side to vote against Murtha, lost his job as Senate leader a few years back for appraising the overtly racist presidential campaign of former Senator Strom Thurman.
Lost immediately, a lot immediately received calls and congratulations from fellow racist George W. Bush Dick Cheney
and White House chief of staff Josh Bolton.
Perhaps lots of sentient back to powers pay back for the minorities voting Democratic this time,
I can imagine the conversation between W and Lot, well-trend old boy glad to have you back.
Now we had those darkies and wet backs on the run.
McConnell, of course, is no beacon of light.
Heat torpedo campaign reform openly promised a political action committee bosses that he would protect them as long as they keep writing out checks to the Republican Party.
Those same bribe paying lobbyists had best remember that the last time Republicans were in the minority,
McConnell was on the floor of the Senate calling for elimination of PACs because they dared to give money to Democrats.
McConnell would pinp out one of his daughters for a campaign contribution.
What we see here is clear indication that in spite of all the hoop law with the Democratic sweep of the House and Senate last week's elections, nothing really changes.
Isn't that what I said yesterday?
Just said.
No.
I didn't expect the Republicans to change their stripes.
He says the party elephant is so corrupt, so overridden with slime that they, of course, turn to the same crooks, sleaze bags and con artists who control the destiny for years.
And while I held out faint hope that Pelosi might prove me wrong, she fell back into the old congressional habit of putting party loyalty above ethics.
First of Porter's claim, she owed Martha because it was his early opposition to the war in Iraq that helped put the issue in the nation's psyche and generate the voter anger that delivered the Democratic victory.
And I've heard all the rationalizations about Martha's unethical behavior.
It happened a long time ago.
It was never charged with taking a bribe and so on.
Martha has a long proven history of selling his vote and using the power of his office to benefit family and friends.
Realizations of his actions normally come from partisan political pukes who would never ever accept such behavior by the other side.
Pelosi's actions tell me that nothing will change in the house.
Nor can we expect any real change in the Senate where new Majority Leader Harry Reid's checkered past is record of shady real estate deals.
Show control of the body that is once again in criminal hands.
The mafia has a saying for this.
New boss, same as the old boss.
Never knew that the mafia had that saying to you.
I didn't know it came from the mafia, but I heard that before.
In other words, what are you going to do?
Nice college boy.
They want to get mixed up in the family business.
Now you want to go down a police cap and want to slap you in a face a little bit.
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot them a mile away?
You got to get up close like this.
But a big, your blood brain's all over your nice cyberleaks suit.
Come here.
You're taking a sparey person.
Oh god, I can't stand it.
It's 11 away to 560 W.
We got 1138 votes in a pool.
We're going to have a stay.
We're going to have some staggering number in there by 2 o'clock.
I don't know what it should be, but whatever it's going to be, it'll be staggering.
I'm going to be staggering.
And you're going to be staggering because of all that ice cream and all that stuff you're eating.
You know what?
This time I'm going to finish this tub.
Oh god.
Just out of spite.
Right.
Because I can't have any.
I poured hot fudge on it and I'm going to finish it.
Oh, there are always them going.
I'm checking out those pictures again on their website.
Don't forget to join Kimba Bo camper, new to one at the Navy Charod, 9000 West A-RuDee 4.
Spin the wheel and if you win, you get some of the crappiest QM prizes you ever got in your life.
That's not why you're going there.
No, it's true.
We're embarrassing.
You're going over to say Kimba and it helps to celebrate Charod's 30th anniversary and to grab you some really good lunch.
Which you will be paying for, of course, but nevertheless.
The U.S. government promised that Americans will never be hungry again, but they may experience, wait till you hear this, very low food security.
Huh?
No more hunger, low food security.
Every year, the agriculture department is just a report that measures Americans access to food.
And it's consistently used the word hunger to describe those who can least afford to put food on the table.
But not this year, no more.
Mark Nor, the lead author of the reports at Hungary, is not a scientifically accurate term for the specific phenomenon being measured in the food security survey.
Nor, the agriculture department's sociologist said, we don't have a measure of that condition.
The department said 12% of Americans, 35 million people couldn't put food on the table at least part of last year.
11 million, this is why you're sitting there shoveling tubs of ice cream down your fat, disgusting puss.
Why my fault, man?
11 million, then, before they're going hungry at times, beginning this year, the agriculture department has determined very low food security to be more scientifically palatable description for that group.
Less embarrassing, you know, if you say there's millions of hungry Americans, it's a...
But if you say there's hundreds of millions of people who got low food security, it's like, what's that?
The U.S. has said a goal of reducing the proportion of food insecure households to 6% or less by 2010 or half the 95 level, but it's proved difficult.
Number of hungry Americans has risen over the past five years, and last year, the sure of food insecure households stood at 11% food insecure households.
Less fexing has been the attempt to fix the way Hungry's described.
Three years ago, the department asked the Committee on National Statistics of the National Academies to ensure that the measurement method U.S.D. uses to assess households' access or lack of access to adequate food, and the language used to describe those conditions are conceptually sound and operationally sound.
In other words, if you got a dumpster in the back of the house where you can go and pick off somebody else's garbage, then maybe you're not really hungry.
That's right, or not hungry at all. Or maybe too hungry.
Among several recommendations, the panel suggests that the agriculture department's scrapped the word hunger, which should be furtherway potential consequence of food insecurity, that because of prolonged involuntary lack of food results in discomfort, illness, weakness, or pain, that goes beyond the usual uneasy sensation.
Or maybe in other words...
Yes, death. That's another side-effective unusual hunger. It's death.
Hunger is purely an important issue, nor it's said lacking a widespread consensus on what the word hunger should refer to.
It's difficult for research to shed meaningful light on it, and of course, all depending on what you're hungry for, you know what I'm saying?
Food?
Yeah, that could be one of it. Or like Miss Foley would say.
Or sometimes you're hungry for a little something else.
The biggest name of best talents to this system.
You want a more prominent number and more sound?
Or radio 560, UAM.
Excuse me, but I do believe that sounds bad.
Hello, brains. I am the Reverend Ted Haggard, former president of the National Association of Evangelicals.
I have taken early retirement from that fine organization to pursue another colon, not a higher colon, really more of a lower colon, much, much lower.
And even though president Bush won't return my calls anymore, and I've been kicked out of my church, I found a new home, a new home on television net.
But getting that Sunday, the Bravo Network will premiere my series, Queer Eye on the preacher guy.
Oh, the premiere episode. My special guest will be Neil Patrick Harris.
It wasn't he cute when he was that little dude in Halzair MD.
Neil and I would discuss several important topics, including when is a massage, more than a massage.
To them who say evil man, but really how did those boxer shorts and will reveal the new play I can see there?
Yeah, man, in the sports segment of my show, will open play in the Reverend Ted Haggard Cornhole tournament.
That's Queer Eye on the preacher guy with me, the Reverend Ted Haggard.
Someday is a unravo, it'll be so much fun. You'll think you just snorted mev with a male escort.
Oh, and speaking of that, you know, I would have a little bit more respect for Reverend Ted and Miss Foley if at least they had good taste, which neither one of them does.
You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying that their taste is in their tush.
Nevertheless, wait until you hear this story, boy, talk about getting caught with your Walmart down.
My wife Elizabeth wanted to get a PlayStation 3 from my young children, John Edward, said almost your vice president.
She mentioned it in front of one of my staff people. The staff person mentioned it in front of a volunteer who said he would make an effort to get one.
He was making an effort to get one for himself, Edward said.
Elizabeth and I knew nothing about this. He feels terrible about this. He made a mistake and knows he should have not used my name, Edward said.
Walmart had noted a news release yesterday that on the same day, Edward was criticizing the company in a conference call with union-backed activist.
The volunteer staff member had asked a Rolling North Carolina electronics department manager to obtain a PS3 for the Accentators family.
Earlier Thursday, Edward said, in a statement emailed by spokeswoman Kim Ruby, we instructed no one to contact Walmart on our behalf.
From Walmart headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas, company spokesman David Tovar said the Edward staff member left a voicemail at the Rolling Store and identified himself as an Edward staff member.
When the manager returned the call to staff member again, identified himself as working with Edward's and Walmart said it confirmed it with the Edward's office.
The retailer issued a written statement yesterday accusing Edward's of not wanting to wait his turn.
Oh, man. While the rest of America's working families are waiting patiently in line,
Senator Edwards wants to cut to the front of Walmart statement said,
this summer, Walmart hired Edelman Executive Leslie Dash as its public relations director and put him on the company's executive team.
Ain't less predicted the retailer would likely become more aggressive toward its critics.
Edwards and Democrats of VP candidate in 2004 spoke Wednesday to supporters of union-backed wakeupwaltmart.com on a conference call launching the Group Solid-A season campaign to pressure Walmart for better labor standards.
In the call, we repeated a story about a son jacked disapproving of a classmate buying sneakers at Walmart.
If a 60-year-old can figure it out, America can definitely figure this out.
Edwards said previously, Edwards has appeared at wakeup Walmart rallies.
Edwards said the volunteer was a young kid unaware of what he called flawed Walmart policies.
He called the Walmart statement effort to divert attention from its own problems.
I want my PlayStation 3.
I got news for him. He could have gotten it there for his kid. He would have kissed their ass.
All the Walmart employees could have lined up. He would have kissed each and every cheek five times.
Am I right?
Probably.
What's I got to do with I just finished off my tub of ice cream?
I thought you were going to have another one.
Oh, good not right now.
Well, pace yourself. That's where I wait ten minutes.
Wait ten minutes. Right. I mean, my brain's frozen for Christ's sake.
If you know who I'm really, really, I and you guys are going to disagree because you think she's at, like, you know, I am so sick and tear to Angelina Jolie.
What is the big simous with her?
We've discussed that same thing here recently.
She can hold a candle to Scarlett Johansson or even a Brady Quinn as far as being pretty.
I think she's still attractive, but she's been skived out and her antics are not very attractive.
She's been shaved out probably.
Well, that's the pits.
Indian police detained three of Angelina Jolie's bodyguards in New Delhi Friday after parents complained the men had mishandled and abused them and their children during a shoot of the Hollywood stars latest film.
Police said British bodyguards have been taken into custody after receiving complaints about an incident in a Mumbai Islamic school where Jolie was filming a mighty heart.
Angry parents had said the guards had threatened them and called their bloody, called them bloody Indians when they tried to get into the school to collect their children on Thursday.
How do you like that?
Bloody Indians.
The film crew admitted that there had been some confusion at the school as the guards tried to keep the paparazzi out.
We have arrested three people there in jail now and we've produced in court Bar-Bar-Jesh Singh, Mumbai's Deputy Commissioner of Police Soldroiders.
He didn't give a date for a court hearing.
Jolie had been in India for almost a month shooting on teaming streets and crowded trains for the film which is based on the kidnapping and murder of American journalist Daniel Puril in 2002 in Pakistan by a hardline Islamist militants.
The Salthri actress is portraying Puril's wife, Murri Mirian.
What's that song? Come back, Murri Ann by Terry Gillison.
Am I right about that? Boy, if I can remember that.
Come on, Murri Ann. Come back, Murri Ann. Go to hell, Murri Ann. What was that?
All day, all night, Murri Ann. Wasn't it the Kingston trio? I don't know.
I think you're right.
Jolie, accompanied by her children and partner Brad Pitt, who was also the film's producer and their children, has sparked a media frenzy and the film set off in the Tract Huge Crowds, prompting the bodyguards to step in.
Even those people, even those engines over there, are like just nauseous from, you know, the tongues hanging out of their knees.
Exangilina, it's Brangilina.
The whole world is sick with this crap.
Sick. Real sick.
Ugling and ogling over something that they're never going to have, they're not going to get it.
And like, look at that picture on our website.
What's the point? He ain't coming over here. Just for fun.
Love it on that side. Just for fun and just aggravate a lot of straight people. That's why I do it.
Love it on the 61 and it works like a charm. I'm sure. Oh, there he goes again.
Too bad. Now maybe some of you are beginning to understand how some of his fags feel about having always to hear about the straight guys in their car.
Their con question is hot chicken. Fine. Great. Have a good time. Just I don't want to hear about it.
You know, payback is a bitch. Oh, it's speaking of that gay penguin bookshakes up Illinois school.
Oh, no, not another one of those gay stories. Yeah, Shiloh Illinois.
Yeah, more of this homosexual agenda. That's right. Rubbing it in, so to speak. Rubbing it in deep.
That's what Ms. Foley says. When a doubt rub it out or whip it out.
A picture book about two male penguins raising a baby penguin is getting a chilly reception among some parents who worry about the books availability of children and the reluctance of school administrators to restore the school.
That's a strict access to it. Huh. The concerns are the latest involving and tango makes three.
The illustrated children's book based on a true story of two male penguins in New York City's Central Park Zoo that adopted a fertilized egg and raised the chickens their own.
Complaining about the books homosexual undertone, some parents of shadow elementary school students believe the book available to be checked out of the school's library in this 11,000 resident town 20 miles east of St. Louis.
Tackles topics their children are ready to handle like homosexual penguins. I wonder what Burgess Meredith would think about this.
They're they're requests move the book to the library's regular shelves and restricted to a section for mature issues.
Perhaps even requiring parental permission before a child can check a parental permission to be checked out.
The district's attorney said moving it might be construed a censorship. Oh, we don't want to do that. Do we in America? Yes.
Yes.
Failure considers the book adorable and age appropriate written for kids ages for Pinto thought the book looked charming when her five year old daughter bought it home in September.
They'll Pinto. I wonder if she's keen to what's his name? What's his name?
Domenico Mardunio. They'll blew the Pinto the view of the blue remember that? No. Volada. Anyway, forget about it.
They'll Pinto said she was halfway through see I do these because only chicken echo know what I'm talking about. So he and I get a chuckle out.
They'll Pinto said she was halfway through meeting into a daughter when the zookeeper said the two penguins must be in love. That's what I ended the story she said.
Oh, how ridiculous. Two male penguins being in love. Let me be like two men being in love. Do I ever heard of such a thing? No.
They'll Pinto said her daughter's teacher. In fact, that's probably why I'm wrong most guys get along better with their mother than with their father because you don't want to love another man. That's bad.
Del Pinto said her daughter's teacher told her she was unfamiliar with the book in the school's librarian directed her mother to Fidio.
I wasn't alarmed with pitch force. I wasn't armed with pitch force. I was instantly was seeking answers. Del Pinto said agreeing with Fidio.
I was believed that pulling the book from the shelves could constitute censorship. The book is created similar flaps elsewhere.
And courses that would penguins do they flap earlier this year. Two parents voice concerns about the book with librarians at the rolling hills consolidated libraries.
They knew a branch in the Northwest Missouri town of Savannah. Barbara Reed rolling hills director said she'd consultant with staff members at the Omaha, Nebraska and Kansas City zoos and the University of Oklahoma zoology department who told her adoptions are unusual in the world of penguins.
They'd like to like to adopt an egg and then they cook it up for a lunch. She said the book was then moved to the non friction section because it was based on actual events.
And that section she said there was less of a chance to book with blind side somebody in the friction section.
Oh my god. This is what people are worried about. This is the kind of stuff that the get's keys are worried about. Oh brother, I'm so glad that we can cause so much angst and grief and tourists.
1165 votes out 1176. Wow, they're coming in in chunks now in big oozing chunks. What the hell is going on here now? Oh must be a big Thanksgiving rush.
That must be it because you know what's it gets to be Thanksgiving from then to laughter New Year's. We might as well be talking to ourselves.
You don't understand that I'm so relieved to hear that the dolphins play on Thanksgiving day. The lions. That's right. You do realize that they could actually beat the Vikings this week because the Vikings are girls team.
The Patriots pounded the facility week ago Monday night and they suck and then Detroit. I mean, it's another little girls team that make the Vikings look like super bowl contenders.
So the dolphins could wind up putting for in a row and everybody say look at this. We're on the way to the Super Bowl. Yeah, well, can't you hear it now? Yeah, can't you just hear it? I can not only hear it. I can smell it.
The biggest names of best talents to this is Neil Rogers. Forged radio 560. You a.
It's Friday. You.
Best.
It's just.
Oh, you.
You.
Are you.
Well, it's just.
You want.
Yeah, it's.
You should be the star of the West.
Now we're making movies about the true.
The.
The.
The.
The.
The.
The.
The.
The.
The.
Tiger Young as you have mrebbe active heroes out there and it's so fun somewhere in this area.
Dig a bout in a lot of competitions.
And balls up to his butt.
And
court. I don't know. And you're going to have two courts. It's a half a gallon of ice cream
you'll lunatic. More than a plate. Boy, you're going to be spending a lot of time, a lot of
busy reading time this weekend on the throne. Speaking of Tristan and his old. Anyway, maybe Josh
knows. Hey, you don't know. You don't want to know the his step brother. Remember, he was adopted
in the movie or in the early part of the movie? No, I don't remember. George, remember how he was
a you saw that part of the movie. Right. I did. And that kid was his step brother and he grew up
together in that family. And he looked like his twin brother put naked pictures of guys on our
website the last 24 hours. Yeah, that's it. I mean, I'd be more than happy to put more naked chicks
on there. But you know, you're going to have to be responsible for it and go into jail. You'll have
a good time in there. Well, here's more PlayStation 3 crap. Aren't you a little bit tired of this crap?
No. A lot of demand, two few supplies is the Harold. And I've seen that experts predicted would play out
across the nation. There were only 34 PlayStation 3 consoles available at Best Buy in Dataland when the
store is doors open at eight o'clock this morning. Only 34. But over 100 people, mostly in their
late teens and early 20s, they can't forget it on the sidewalk outside the store for as long
as six days. I wonder if Larry King was there waiting for his. And the less than 10 minutes, all 34
PlayStation were sold for five to 600 bucks. The new PlayStation's, we only have to wait a
way there heavy consoles and talk to plans to shower and sleep. Less lucky customers left
tired and ejected. Extra employees were hired to work early as well as extra security to ensure
the process would go smoothly. People in line received numbered tickets. Only 10 people were allowed
to the store at the time when the door was open. That's a good early way to do it. Instead of allowing
all these lunatics to go forcing their way in there and knocking each other over. One young man walked
out and resold his PlayStation for two grand to a man who was planning on selling it for more on eBay
where bids were creeping over three grand. Over 400,000 PlayStation 3 is available in the USA. Best
Buy employees attempt to clean up the debris left by people in line. But there was a bit of an obstacle.
Three people were already in line for Nintendo's Wii console. Let's see. What is this? What is this?
That mean get him excited. I mean, refers to chicken neck ice. No.
What was the doubt? All this old stuff. Nobody wants to look. Plunk your magic twang or froggy.
Indy divine and the buster brown show. I remember that by sure. Don't remember no dog. 1199 on the pool. 1199.
We're going to be let me refresh it. I bet you we got 1200. I'll bet you anything. I'll bet you that next quarter ice
cream. 1199 on the pool. 1199. We're going to be let me refresh it. I bet you we got 1200. I'll bet you
anything. I'll bet you that next quarter ice cream. It's still 1199. So I lost. See, it's good. The
Lord is looking over me. He's looking out for me 1199 votes still. Isn't that something? I wouldn't
you think any other time you'd refresh it. It would be like to act in 1947. Opponents fear the move could
help find a resurgence of nationalism. Like I just said, teachers should foster love of the nation
and homeland. The fatherland. They are worried because Japan's military leaders use patriotism to
justify the expansionism which led to WW2. The bill calls on teachers to instill thinking
among students respecting tradition and culture and loving the nation and homeland. The fatherland.
Japan's new prime minister Shinzo Abbey, Abee, whatever his name is, Abee, Elincon, has strongly
backed the bill. In a weekly email, he said Japan's education system is not sufficiently addressed
ideas such as moral values, ethics, and self-discipline and self-abuse. He also mentioned a recent
spate of bullying incidents which he said would lead parents concerned the education system need reform.
Conservative groups of long-rugged for a revision of the current law saying people should learn
national pride as Japan assumes a more active diplomatic and military rule on the international
stage. The bill passed after the opposition boycott of the vote and now goes to the upper house
where the government hopes to win approval before the current parliamentary decision ends on
December 15. According to the BBC's Tokyo Correspondent Chris Hogg, Japan has become a lot less
cautious about patriotism than it used to be. Seven years ago a piece of music that honors the emperor
became the national anthem and the rising sunflower became the emblem of the Japanese state.
And I was just about everybody in Asia is turning Japanese. But the government would argue that
the country's passive has constitution is preeminent and that no one has anything to fear for
me more patriotic Japan. Right. Nobody has anything to fear. From anybody, everybody's like
peace loving and no. Twelve oh five on the pole thank god boy it would have been bad if it would have
got stuff there 1199 and I would have started losing. See I'm doing that just to show a little
empathy for you guys. To share the love we appreciate it. Well because you're just shoving down
just gobs and gobs in that Jackson's ice cream. That one's ruining you. Are you really? Oh yeah.
Might be the day the woman brought the the rug lock in remember that. Oh yeah. Just covered
with powdered sugar and I'm going to tell you I was so sick I I would wish I had my thing there
so I could have prick my finger and taken my blood sugar. I bet it was like over 500. You would
have broke the machine. That's like the woman that kept bringing the smarties to the hockey games.
I kept on her don't bring me any candy. I don't want you to understand I'm diabetic. I'm going
to get sick as hell and she'd bring him into me and I would do oh gee I don't want these and she
would insist I take him. And of course I would eat him because I had them. Hey when you were
addicted is something if you got it in your hand you'll eat it. They should just brought you
crack cocaine. Might as well. That had more control over that. It brings me these things as
smarties at the hockey game. Thank God I'm not there to go to the game so people bring me all that
food like you like your accountant brought me that damn stuff that time that diet hall of
odd. Do you remember that? Mm-hmm. Man I was I was on the throne. I felt like a king Manaquin.
Good God. What was his name David? David the farbissen who brought in the sisses in the
area. Right. To fill in that day and practically killed you right on the ear and that was good.
Yeah he wrapped it to fill in around Georgia's arm and talk about purple veins right.
My God. Now I know why they don't. Yeah they're rocking back and forth because their circulation
is gone because they can't breathe they're falling over and then just like that in the
finish. Good guy David he's probably listening right now. Well hubbum in the
budget. I've all of them in what a name. The best challenge for this is wheel roger.
It's 4th radio 560s UAM.
Teeth dammit I'd kick my own ass outside.
My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. All right.
My beliefs are what's required. You avoid a length of fire. My religion's better than your
Garlic's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours.
My religion of plants An age of paper a racial hate
My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours. When you like about it best hyphen
will grow my religion will address my religion is better than yours
In the West version so stupid, what should I do with this...
Do you have a hand or two to start the video?
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than your voice.
We were pennies and could tell it had a ever-perry tale.
My religion's better than yours.
Please.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We knock on doors to bother you like polar brushes.
You are new.
My religion's better than yours.
You ferry.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to marry lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains where mind was living.
My religion's better than yours.
My card to him characters a better near is I'll tell you that 14-year-old noon at 5.60 WQM.
All the ferry tails all the time.
You start on the second top or not.
No man, I'm saving that. I'm just taking some home.
I'm going to take it home. That's a good idea.
That's a settled idea. Then you can pass out on the floor at home instead of pass down the floor right there.
Like Josh's predecessor.
I'll never get home if I eat another one of those.
From 116 votes on the poll to hate Rupert Murdock like Poison and Wishes he would die a brutal grotesque death.
Don't they wish it's that?
Yeah, they do. Any death would do.
But brutal is better.
It was the key to a billion dollar a year illegal gambling king to make a laptop computer that authorities say was owned by a professional poker player from I mean name James D. Ordano.
D. Ordano who really left the computer out of his side left it behind earlier this year in the U.R.
While attending a wedding police said this week but in the three hour all that by the way speaking of this week before I finished this story aren't you on vacation next week?
Yes.
Well you didn't say nothing about it this morning before the show as a reminder to a doddering a dottering old man.
Am on vacation next week.
No.
And then of course Thursday is Thanksgiving day and the lines in the dolphins are going to be a suit enough.
They're going to be lining up.
So I'm told.
Yeah. So we got the no show on Thursday.
That's what we like that's the only good thing about this time of the year is that there's all these holidays and lots of extra days off you got Christmas day and of course boxing day that we come off anyway.
You taking off for boxing day?
No. Sure. Why not? Whatever.
What is your down who really left the computer out of a side left it in the York but in the three hour scene is wife were away from their long Ireland hotel room.
Investigators armed with a search warrant and computer expertise.
Naked in found the laptop on a desk and made a digital copy of the hard drive the covert operation on June 15 helped unlock the sophisticated internet based gambling scheme that has taken in 3.3
billion dollars in cash wages from 40,000 better nation wide since 2004 authorities and outstages against your down oh 26 other defendants and three companies including one Hollywood another one in Davy.
Oh boy.
This is the largest illegal gambling operation we've ever encountered said New York police commissioner Ray Kelly it rivals casinos for the amount of bidding.
How do you like that?
At first FBI agents in dig county police tried to trick you are down or 52 and letting them out of his property.
They phoned him from a call box next to the interest gate of his walled pinecrest estate saying they needed to get into catch a burglar.
He said no forget about it. Get lost armed with the rest in search ones.
They then climbed over to your downers for foot wall and knocked on this front door.
They rested in around 6 a.m. Tuesday and he was placed in police custody FBI spoke.
Can you hear that?
What was that? Hear that?
Smoke? No.
No it's I think emphasyma.
FBI spoke to him in Jody or wella said FBI agents also search the self-order homes of some other suspects and the offices of companies involved.
A resident is long Island home in Seaford, New York with Frank Falserano whose name also ends in a vowel identified by prosecutors to Scott for the Washington Nationals.
The baseball club Falserano 52 allegedly was a top earner in a network of 2000 bookies.
Prosecutors claimed the ring ran gambling wire rooms in Miami and on the Caribbean Island of San Martin were operators took bets and kept records.
I wonder if that's near San Cristobal.
Bookers assigned clients a secret code attract their wages monitor points breads and results to a restricted website.
I'm not going to read the website. Their bets were open on all kinds of sports including football, baseball, basketball, hockey, auto racing and golf.
Now we're talking. You show me somebody that bets on golf. I'll show you a real sicko. Somebody really sick.
There's one thing I can't stand is people to gamble.
The defendant's laundered and stashed away untold millions of dollars using shell corporations bank accounts in Central America.
The Caribbean, Switzerland, Shrites, Hong Kong and elsewhere said Queens, New York, D.A. Richard Brown, Dick Brown.
They prosecuted a call the 500 million dollar asset for for jerks among the largest of such cases ever filed.
The 27 people in New York, New Jersey, Florida and Nevada were charged with money laundering and promoting gambling among other counts.
To your down-to-wave-dick tradition in Florida is expected to be arraigned next week.
Prasicuties didn't have the name of a visitor.
Falsorano who was ordered held on half a million dollars bail after pleading not guilty looks forward to defending himself in courts.
A defense attorney, Peter Tomau, whose name also wins an A.
Oh!
But a different deal.
Charges were also brought against three companies that helped allegedly help to your down-develop and secure the website.
Primary development of Farming the New York, pro-lexic technologies of Hollywood and digital solutions of Davy.
No officials at the companies would comment their mom.
How do you like that?
Right there in Florida, baby.
Mm-hmm.
Out there in Florida somewhere there's a killer on the loose.
You know who you are.
Turn yourself in. Do the right thing.
Right?
Absolutely. I mean...
Absolutely.
We need to do something about this right here on this radio station.
You think Dick Tracy was a big shot with a crime stopper's craft.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Wait till we turn loose some of our talk, our sports nerd people.
Look at that. Dutch government poses ban on waiting, burp wearing, burkas in public.
Critics say the Berkaban would amount to religious discrimination.
You go, you Dutch, you crazy bastards. You go.
Berkaban my ass.
Yeah, that's a good idea in your case.
What a joke.
Dutch government poses ban on wearing Berkaban public. That's one of the best ideas.
Yeah. Freak and great.
A US soldier who ripped a 14-year-old Iraqi girl helped a killer family
has been sentenced to life in prison with possible parole, with possible parole.
Specialist James Barker was one of four serving soldiers charged over the killings in the Iraqi town of Mu'madea, which happened in March.
He put in a guilty and agreed to help prosecutors in an effort to avoid the death penalty.
He could serve up to 90 years in prison the presiding judge said.
Yeah, he could serve up to 90 years of my ass.
Why, why do they always say such stupid things?
Could they do that?
He could serve up to 500 years in prison. You know, if he lived that long, but...
This court sentence is you to be confined for the life of your natural life with the eligibility of parole to 10-a-coron-rich or 10-a-denterson sent.
He's expected to be eligible for a parole in 20 years.
Specialist Barker was among four soldiers accused of the rape of the girl and the murder of her family.
The three other sergeant Paul Cortez, private Jesse Spielman and private Brian Howard are facing court martial proceedings.
A fifth man, former soldier Steven Green, has been charged in a civilian court in Kentucky with murder and sexual assault.
He's denied the charges. Before the judgment was handed down on Thursday yesterday, James Barker was told...
He told the court that Mr. Green had come up with the plan for the rape and the killings.
Mr. Green, he brought it up to me and asked what I thought about it.
It's like when Bush talks about the evil derives and says these folks, you know, these folks.
Same thing with Mr. Green.
All the folks he...
By the time we started changing clothes, it was more or less a non-verbal agreement that we were going to go along with what we were discussing, Barker said.
He also confessed that he hated Iraqis telling the judge they can smile at you, then shoot you in your face without even thinking about it.
But he had of that Iraq had made him angry and mean, yet that he regretted his actions.
Something the court didn't set up to kill or deliberately harm people in Iraq.
He said, I want the people of Iraq to know that I didn't go there to do the terrible things that I did.
I don't ask anyone to forgive me today and we don't.
You butcher, you murderer.
Somewhere in this town, on the loose, military prosecutors didn't come after the judgment was passed because the three other soldiers still faced Cortez Marshall.
Get that right now.
Cortez Marshall.
See, George is... he's fine with that. He likes that.
I don't like the way it sounds either, but that's...
I don't like it.
It's correct.
They face court marshals.
Who's?
Like in marshals, Michigan.
Let's go to win shoulders for lunch and get some of that bar cheese.
Oh, that's right. You probably don't have a big appetite right now.
No.
I still keep thinking about that turkey dinner these days where you can get seconds for free.
Turkey and stuffing and...
Mmm, and veggie tables.
Yeah, that's why I am whatever.
A long time ago, 1965, Marshall, Michigan, WMRR.
Wow.
Followed by WSTR in Sturgis, Michigan in 1966, I was the Marco Polo of a tiny market radio for a while there.
And then, of course, made the big time in Kalamazoo at WTPS.
That was the big time, man. Kalamazoo.
Wasn't it?
Oh, yeah.
It was then.
Who would have thought?
I wonder if there were whatever.
A lot of those people are probably dead.
Can you imagine all the people that we used to know were probably dead by now?
I mean, people we worked with, people we were listeners, people we were just...
Like, like, babbs, people who are used to be people.
And now they're like rotting bones and flesh.
The worms are having a field day.
I shouldn't have said that because then you wouldn't need any more ice cream.
How's Josh doing on the ice cream?
He had like two types of airwatt.
No, I'm not.
He put out the weight before I dive into my second.
Otherwise, he'll be missing for about 45 minutes.
And it'll be really bad if you go there and it's a full house.
I'll pull a peanut boy, but Chuck will be coming out of my nose and that.
Oh, yeah.
He knows.
Rectome.
Man, can she sing?
No.
Can she bell out about an 18th of an ounce of sour wine?
Wow.
That wasn't ready to sing.
I'm already.
Yeah.
232 votes on the pool in case you're wondering what's that pool all about?
Well, I don't know if we want to tell you're not.
I guess we will.
Which ultra-rich person you despise the most?
Rupert Murdock.
He's got to down his pants.
411.
Hands down.
I hate them all 168.
Sound really jealous to me.
Sound bitter.
Oprah 162.
Donald Trump on 58.
Wayne Heisenga 141.
Those are the only big shooters on there.
I hate this pool's only got 75.6%.
George Steinbrunner on 63.
Ted Turner 35.
Bill Gates 19.
Warren Buffett has still only got five.
I'm sure they're thinking of Jimmy Buffett.
The biggest name of best talent for this is Leo Rogers.
41.560.
UAM.
It is Coach Don Schueller.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-to-1 hour or whatever it is.
The bad Bruns-Hell dropped dead and burned in hell.
It's much too late to confess that I arrived was just for oil.
We hope you die of festering for oils.
Yes.
You know you're pretty stinking old.
But he will never die so.
I was about a nice refreshing dog on the waterboard.
That your house had black water as cold.
And there were many unknowns and those you didn't know.
That most they were unknowns.
Go tell the Germans about your platform concentration camps.
Your pants are gone.
Press agency has been detained.
Just like push on down your failure and disgrace.
The harbinger of dreams.
Come on to it.
560.
Happy Friday to you all.
We have some people out there don't want us to be happy no matter what it is.
Here's Herb and Coral Springs.
Who's a real pain in the ass by the way.
Remember Herb?
No, do I?
Always a Kvetch.
He's a Kvetch.
Anyway, he says it's rough streaming today.
Lots of dropouts and knockoffs.
Yesterday was perfecto.
Yesterday we had complaints of the old ear.
Sure.
Lots of dropouts and knockoffs.
I thought a knockoff was like a ripoff of a brand name product.
What is a knockoff on audio?
Or it's a hit.
Still hoping to hear something that you'll be moving this serious.
Hi George, thanks Herb and Coral Springs.
Hey Herb, bye.
You know, get lost.
We have no other complaints.
Everything is just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
We see nine dropouts though on the, although it's still a green light is on there on my thing.
Mm-hmm.
On the swishing, I mean the, whatever it is.
Oh, speak of the internet.
YouTube.
YouTube.
The popular online video hosting service is issued a cease and desist order to blogger Michael
Errington of Tech Crunch, demanding him move a downloadable tool which captures videos
from the site, Technology Daily Web Reports.
Errington had created the program and maintains that it does not violate you-
YouTube.
It's a service, a term of service.
Ex-scripts from the article a cease and desist letter sent by the video sharing site.
YouTube.
To a well-known technology pun it as wrangled bloggers in the last 24 hours.
It's wrangled them.
We've got dropouts and they're beginning wrangled.
Tech Crunch is Michael Errington received letter earlier this week from Wilson,
San Cini, Goodrich and Rosati attorney, Karen Swope, who accused him of violating the
YouTube term of use of torches interference and business relationships of committing an unfair
business practice and a false advertising.
All of these things.
Errington said on his blog that Tech Crunch's offense was developing a small tool that looks
people download you-
YouTube.
Videos to their hard drives.
The application was referenced in a recent post that told readers how to move you-
YouTube.
Videos to their portable digital devices.
Errington launched Tech Crunch in June of last year, said he created a new tool after carefully
reviewing the terms of you-
YouTube.
Would state if you download or print a copy of the content for personal use you must retain
all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
Do you understand what that means?
No.
Having got a clue and obviously he doesn't either.
They got a lot of hootspots considering that they were allowing copyrighted contract on there for ages.
Wait, does he have a lot of hootspots?
Yeah, amen.
Yeah, that's right.
That's a good point.
I should say.
And they were being threatened with 80 billion lawsuits and you got all this copyrighted stuff on there
and you better cease and desist and cut the crap and all that.
I say it's out there in space.
It's out there in space.
It's in the Eastwick.
That's right.
And if you can grab it?
Grab it.
That's right.
If you got a chance to get it, grab it.
Just like those pictures I got on our website.
If you got a chance to get your hands on it, grab it.
Like a handbag.
Ooh.
Anyway, get off of that.
Okay, between the ice cream and Brady Quinn.
You're a bad influence, okay?
Very important death and you didn't even remind me to talk about it.
What?
Huh?
Economist Milton Friedman dies.
I mentioned that this morning.
When?
When I saw it on my celebrity death beeper thing.
You mentioned that too to me?
Yeah.
That had you do.
You were ignoring me like you always did.
Yeah, well, probably.
Probably for good reason.
For who?
That was probably before I was in here.
You were probably saying.
Well, Milton Friedman, I probably had the attrota paper off.
I was making a joke because I never heard of it.
I was making a joke.
I was making a joke.
I was making a joke.
I was making a joke.
I was making a joke.
I was making a joke.
It was just lived in 94.
How many more years that would be?
About 30, man.
Oh, boy.
No chance.
Not with all this bad blood sugars and all that ice cream and stuff.
And now you got my ampethat all whipped up.
I'm going to go over to my neighborhood Dominion, my supermarket, and see what kind of big
quartz they got.
You know, half gallons or big tubs of goopy, goopy stuff.
You know, like, you know what I'm...
Sounds good though, doesn't it?
Yeah, it does.
Well, right now, I caught.
Sounds good.
Milton Friedman, Nobel Prize winner economist who championed individual
freedom influenced the economic policies of three presidents and befriended
world leaders died yesterday he was a mere 94 he was just a spring chicken got a
picture of him and his wife Rose in their San Francisco part in October
looks to me like she beat him by about ten years but she still he's still
grabbing on to her good god whoo you know what's too bad in that picture although
now he probably don't look quite as good he died in San Francisco said Robert
Fangarey spokesman for the Milton and Rose Friedman Foundation in Indianapolis
he didn't know the cause of that Indianapolis what a glacier place for his
foundation Milton Friedman revived the economics of liberty when it had been
all but forgotten said former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher one
of the politicians and colleagues who loaded Friedman yesterday he was an
intellectual freedom fighter never was there a less dismal practitioner of a
dismal science in numerous books the Newsweek magazine common a PBS show
Friedman champion individual freedom in economics and politics the longtime
university Chicago professor Pioneer to school of thought that became known as
the Chicago School of Economics his work is still widely influential in the
business world academia and politics his theory of monoturism was adopted in
part by the Nixon Ford and Reagan administrations it opposed the traditional
Keynesian economic to dominate US policy since the new deal he was a member of
Reagan's economic policy advisory board what if we still have that bit to
mighty Reaganomics supply side economics a blues by that country a singing guy
which I can't think of his name right now what that was his name I'm not a
one of the he called in on here that day that political guy back from the
I.N.Z. days boy those are the days man had a good time in those days
would you get that the DTS that you have it to it's a Ronnie Reagan what's that
under supply side blues get out of the shortening so that it would fit in a
little you know title bar there supply side blues my ass yeah I don't have
been in here sure you do I know I do not how could you not I sure
don't put this in here recently I don't got it I want that you all tell me
on Monday now feed it up to you Frank Laccano Frank X Laccano that's his name
very good he called in that one day remember he's about a hundred years old and
anyway he was a political he was a Bobby Graham kind of guy an anti-Ragan guy
which is fine in my book that's back during the old W.I.N.Z. days remember
remember those no unless you really old like me
140 now votes I beg your pardon look what somebody just backs in what's that
thugs rob people in PlayStation 3 waiting in line and shoot one when Lincoln's
got a bad headache and he's also gay but beside that don't forget to get over
to char-hunt and David Kimbo campers waiting to see you right now and watch you
spin that wheel and say oh boy you won but wait till you see what you won one of
those QA in prizes then they'll go like like that Kim is there now to one o'clock
at the David char-hunt which you guys love char-hunt Wednesdays because they
bring in food for everybody on Wednesdays now boy it's a damn good thing I'm
not doing my shows there I'd be dead yeah anyone the a David char-hunt at 9000
West State road 84 stop I to spin at QM wheel spin the wheel like that and
help celebrate char-hunt 30th anniversary say hi to Kim and say boy you're
killing at Kenny Walker in the morning with that sportscrap with all those
segments you know those prefabricated segments oh my god you're just killing
that poor child but nevertheless that's Georgia's comment my take is I don't
hear it anyway I mean Georgia listens religiously that's right every day
Frank ex-locados so how can that be in there and it's not in here I don't know
unless you blew it out for some reason I can't do that I can't do that I can't
cart no but anything out of here that I didn't put in here myself you know how
that worked I do yeah so I don't know just one of those things it's under supply
side blues supply dash side blues now between supermarket mo no god and Supreme
Court sex I dash side blues now right in between supermarket mo no god and Supreme
Court sex wait a minute Supreme Court sex uh-huh it's right above it and
Supermarket while I got Supreme Court in between those two I got this I got
that you know that I don't have that wow well I would ask a Supreme Court pyramid
winners I love this for a spot on the nation's highest court start the clock oh
the Great Wall of China Michael Moore things you can say from outer spy you read
let's frosted flakes president Bush
the biggest name of best talent the business
meal Rogers sports radio 560
Q a m
the biggest names the best talent and Miami hurricane football
going for it right now it's right and more for the touchdown oh my god tomorrow the
hurricane's take on the Virginia Cavaliers in Scotts India hurricane scheme
they start her coverage at 9 a.m. presented by Bell South kickoff is set for 12
here on sports radio 560 Q a.m. it's Friday you best
live 60 WQ a.m. presents the Mohawar David Joe live from pantry pride at Cypress
Creek Pleasant
Mohawar David here at panty for I did with my trained monkey Guelden
look three samples of Buckle of Us
yeah but winning it and a more put some more
minimal there's a whole trade it the science has free don't it
now put them in a car the sign to okay now
where's the roasted peppers never ready one around you've been all missed it
yes oh we're gonna find the roasted the peppers
you go to the aisle between GNI why didn't you just tell me to go to eight you
said I didn't yeah you know why Zenheimer he's look there's an open cash
here over there that's the express way you got 30 items in there but the
small 30 man they don't count them anyway I get over it I do my checkbook
someone is those aren't you but I'm writing the checks or what that means your
float and that means your float float this you're more you're all wrong yeah
I just want to congratulate you on a very entertaining show you know I always
thought radio shows should be done live from a grocery store get that can I go
home now or shores or oh what watch out for mr. Whipple don't squeeze okay
blame George for that because I never would have played that again in a
million years if you wouldn't have said it and I thought well let's play that I
haven't played that in a billion years if I had said what oh super market
low we were looking for the thing there supply side economic so anyway during
the last break there's a knock on the dough speaking of mold all right and I'm
sitting here my underwears and I hear and it's my office applies stuff all
right they got my case of um fax paper and a couple of toner cartridges and
that exciting or what so now they're delivering right to the dough so I don't
have to go shut down stairs and get that one of those carts you know and
schlep it up the elevator and hold you an old man like me shouldn't be
slept in heavy stuff like that like a case of a fax paper right right whatever that
means so that was nice and you know I signed the thing and he left this crap
off there some other charts are got me some of black guy come on that's all
that word means okay charts means black and these people get all bent out of
shape I don't want to mention no names the guy's a stickish stick it stick it
you will silly old Jew come on 74 votes on the pool oh you're gonna love this
this is one of my favorites yes to the afternoon the United Nations rejected
a call by Jedi Knights in England for recognition of the Jedi faith as an
official world religion according to raw story tolerance for the Jedi's here's
some bags she's holding up a sign tolerance for the Jedi's a story in the
English tabloid the Sun reported a appeal to the Department Secretary General
Kapakafian and by the Jedi worshipers for official recognition of the
religion why not this name more ridiculous name the other ones especially like
that Scientology that's a sci-fi based religion the Sun we get tolerance
changed to an interstellar day of tolerance direct to Jeric with or without
lightsaber he added or Stefan not Stephanie excuse me Stefan you look like a
girl to me with or without lightsaber he said or even the Buffalo
Sabers went for another planet right now I would ah ah I see there goes
many people's religion shame on you you dumb cuff shame on you you in tolerant
bastard you and we just got through planet my religion's better see it
if it's right in like a glove Pentagon guidelines that classified homosexuality
as a mental disorder now put it among a list of conditions or circumstances
that range from bed wetting to fear of flying the new rules are related to the
military's retirement practices the change does not affect the don't act
don't tell policy that prohibits officials from inquiring about the sex
lives of service members and requires discharges those who open the
acknowledged being gay there's nothing worse than a gay discharge the revision
came in response to criticism this year when it was discovered that the
guidelines listed homosexuality along mental alongside mental retardation
and personality disorders the guidelines listed homosexuality along mental
alongside mental retardation and personality disorders mental health
professional city yesterday were not satisfied by the change just like I'm not
satisfied by those naked pictures of Brady Quinn on our website I'd be
satisfied if the knock on the door would have been him instead of the stupid
office of the American psychiatric association wrote to David Chu I'm
a secretary of defense for personnel readiness wonder if he's kind of vincoli
eyes and effects that could also lead to retirement but are not physical
disabilities defects you know like having you know one thing I noticed about
Jonathan Reese Myers in a movie match point that one of one of his ears is really
bizarre he's got a straight looks like crinkled up possibly you watch it
not that his uh... his upper lip is kind of not uh... even either like one
of his own that's kind of a gate that's part of that that's a British thing
in our mission very very very uh... feminine the guidelines outline
retirement let's see among the conditions are stammering or stuttering
dyslexia sleepwalking motion sickness obesity insect venom allergies and
homosexuality if you allergic to the busy bee
more than thirty years after the mental health committee classified homosexuality
is a mental disorder it's disappointing that the pentagon still continues to
mischaracterize it as a defect said representative Marty me and Massachusetts
member the house armed services committee
pentagon spokeswoman synthiest mits at homosexuality should not have been
characterized as a mental disorder a clarification has been issued she said
which was damn wide over the second after the association declassified homosexuality
is a mental disorder in nineteen seventy three questions about the pentagon's
guidelines were raised in june by research institute at the university of
California Santa Barbara there were seven hundred and twenty six military members
discharged under the don't ask don't tell policy during the budget year the
ended September but thirty men always thirty no matter what is it thirty
my right
seems to be
fact i would be surprised if instead of twenty twenty-twenty-vision someday
well i'll be seen so good we got like thirty thirty
from hundred eighty four votes will be way over thirteen under by the top of
the hour we got a real shot of getting some number by the end of the day to
who cares we don't really care
i think uh... i'm going to dip into some real heavy duty ice cream right now
i don't have any okay look let me say this to you now you know me well enough
all these years you think if i had ice cream in the house it would still be here
no
i'm not one of those people i can go to the market and stock up on a bunch of
stuff that i'm addicted to and put it in the refrigerator in the cupboard in
the freezer and just like it's it there
not possible you're going to binge on it
impossible maybe that's it that binge my ass
i'm sure i'm gonna binge on it
well here's a story about Tommy Thompson the cheesehead yeah
he's gonna form a committee to uh... to instigate and investigate he drank
water from a quick he was an outdoorsy guy
Tommy Thompson what an idiot he thinks he wants to run well why not to free
country can't be any worse than the other guys all these incompetent goofballs
just a question of who's the most famous and who can raise
miss it again who can raise
the most money that's what it's all about right
group it
m
i probably shouldn't do that probably messes up the m
probably messes up the head on my razor when you think i put that against the
you know i don't front on there i don't care for messes the microphone up
because i got another one right over here i think i did that a long time ago
did i i got this other i don't know why they put if you could see the way this
thing is set up here's the other mic okay the way sound like i'm in stereo now
no sounds like there's two of you how about now can you hear it now no
yeah how you can i mean i can hear you it doesn't sound any different though
what about when i'm talking to both of them like this
stereo double kneel what i mean let me just shove this other thing back there
they got a microphone a guest microphone which i'm never going to have a guest
and there's like about you never know you never know
you're never know on the other side of this console
so that herb guy in corals brings it never done i mean you left there read his
caustic facts about the internet streaming
this is the guy what is he can listen to howard all day because they keep repeating the show
on the internet on serious and when am i getting that's here same old tired tune okay same old crap
herb get a life you silly person i have no life god you know i'm talking about it
remember those days i do serious no 26 past noon there's that crook bill fist
i don't want to think he's going to be on present health president is there with bob gates
who you know got turned down already a million times that's why the bush people want to bring
him back alive again just keep retreading the same old tired criminals over and over again
that's what we got in politics you know same old tired faces how about like somebody new
exciting like tamiya Thompson the cheesehead the legendary jackson's ice cream parlor
which is brought in all kinds of goodies for josh and george today which they're both ready to
just keep their guts out because they weigh too much but it's good stuff man there's nothing like it
and jackson's in danger beach is celebrating their 50th anniversary with an extravaganza
this Saturday night sounds like tomorrow to me and george says he's threatening to go there i think
i will go there and say oh there's that little george there's that uh georgia porgy hop up some more
they've been operating uh let me say it again they've been around what am i talking about
they've been around at jackson's for 50 years because their ice cream is just that damn good it's
and they don't just give you ice cream they have all these wild concoctions all kinds of great unique
flavors sundays their famous kitchen sink so big then unless you were jogging a cow like me you
won't be able to finish it i dare you to bring me a container of any size of ice cream and say
there you you can't finish it likely story one of that i'm not gonna take that bet come out to
jackson's tomorrow night from seven to ten for a great family event and help raise money for the
pediatric emergency department at johm to magio hospital enjoy music and video retrospective
there'll be a silent auction a raffle in the first annual national deli hot dog eating contest
with those big foot long jamba bunch of those down your puss it's all part of the biggest
party in day in the beach and it's tomorrow night the 50th anniversary celebration of jackson's ice cream
proceeds from the food and suffering sales were go to the doda magio children's hospital and mission
is free so come out take out like a cow and have yourself a great time for a great cause
it's all happening at the legendary jackson's ice cream parlor just north of sterling road
on federal highway and prestigious day in the beach if you want more info call 954 458 03 8 0
the biggest names of best talent to do this is wheel rogers for radio 560s uam
didn't go right my bye baby still think your blackberry has you totally connected yeah
think again because now the future of wireless technology is totally connected to you
introducing the dingleberry forget those clunky belt clips the dingleberry hangs
snuggly from the most secure portion of your anatomy here take a look at my oh whoa email the
internet and cell phone service in a device just one tip the size of ordinary pda's in fact
you'll never even know your dingleberry is there sounds expensive will wipe out my savings no
if there was any way think you wouldn't even have a dingleberry cool i'm gonna pick out a
dingleberry right now sit on the future with the dingleberry it's everything it's cracked up to be
that's what bowl always said oh no no more things of papers coming out all about a watch here i
got a whole case of the facts paper they're now that's biffie mm-hmm yeah hammer mill no less
board nothing weighs about eight trillion pounds from 198 votes on the a pool any interest in that
no no we don't we don't need to care whether you vote on or not it's just it's just to try to
attract you to our pool which are like you know a honey said to a beehive stuff like that i think
i can probably get rid of this stuff can both care but there will be another half hour at the
chariot just kind of tidying up a little bit here with talk of a rapid minimum wage increase in
the beginning of real congressional oversight of the white house already promised when democrats
take over the senate in janeuary senator christ jota can etiquette we'll take another step in
the right direction they dot all introduce legislation to amend the recently passed military
commissions act of two thousand six a k a the bush torture bill because of the powers of the
attention and prisoner abusive to forage judges w bush and an attempt to make it look like a
law that actually represents the u.s. we all know and love we in congress have our own obligation
to work in a bipartisan way to repair the damage that's been done to protect our international
reputation to preserve our domestic traditions and provide a successful mechanism to improve it
enhance the tools required by the global war on terror dots have yesterday i like him a lot
sometimes you know christ dot he's really good at times he's very articulate he looks like the
late jerry widens dot and i'm smoking an opponent of the military commission's act will go to the
senate floor today to introduce the effective terrorist protection act a prosecution act
which will accord to dot's office ensure that u.s. servicemen and women are afforded the maximum
protection of a strong international legal framework guaranteed by respect for such provisions as
the jimmy conventions and other international standards the connectic and democrats
legislators also intended to restore some of the moral authority america lost with the rest of
the world when it gave the west government's executive branch the sweeping ability to breach
civil liberties in a man of moral like a dictatorship then a democracy rights bob goger it's clear
the people are perpetrated these horrendous crimes against our country and our people have no moral
compass and deserve to be prosecuted the full extent of the law said dot but in taking away their
legal rights the rights first codified in our country's constitution we're taking away our own
moral compass as well he'd be saying among other things the effective terrorist prosecution act will
do the following restore habeas corpus protection to detainees narrowed the definition of unlawful
enemy combatants to individuals who directly participate in hostilities against the u.s. who are not
lawful combatants our information granted through coercion from being introduced as evidence in
trials empower military judges to exclude hearsay evidence they deemed to be unreliable authorize the
west credit appeals for the armed forces to review decisions by the military commissions limit the
authority of the president to interpret the meaning and application of the jeniva conventions
and make that authority subject to congressional and judicial oversight and provide for expedited
judicial review of the military commissions acted determined the constitutionality of its provisions
many americans have bought into right wing spin that says democrats don't like bushes torture bill
because they want to protect the rights of the terrorists this is because team bush is carefully
hidden the ugly truth behind this law that the powered grants would allow the bush administration
to pluck any american off the street declare them an enemy combined and hold them without counsel and
without other other constitutional protections said dot yesterday i take a backseat to no one when
it comes to protecting this country from terrorists that there's a right way to do this in a wrong
way to do it it's kind of like a radio there's a right way to do it and there's a wrong way to do it
and there's the a beastly way doing which generally tends to be much closer to the wrong way so how
we do it over there at power 96 is great got that all straightened out now and we stop playing all
that rigatoni music or what i don't know we don't know because you're not listening to anybody else
nice going tanner hey tanner you fairly silly person be careful it's the tanner building
oh man that stuff maister is she a real card or what what a lady 1300 and two votes on the pool
which offer rich person you despise the most nobody can touch for murenaq and who would want to
423 votes he's got more than double next to oprah i hate them all 186 a bunch of real real jealous
bastards out there too bad me too i mean i'm doing okay but not not a league like that you know
who couldn't use an extra billion dollars or two right sure i'm still thinking i'm doing
the show from Berlin starting really soon the hell tell what this business sitting here looking
at pictures of ready quinn i'm going back to Berlin i'm going on a hunt green leaf Idaho do you
have any idea where that is being the Montana guy that you are where i wonder if that's i wonder
if that's where a dickie green leaf got his name in the green leaf family remember dickie green leaf
from that movie what was it no yeah you do you you seen it the mac dayman movie the tell that
mr. Ripley oh that one yeah i forgot all about it now i don't know what's kate blanchett man if she
isn't you know there are a couple of actresses that really drive me nuts she's one of them she is so
grotesque you know as in she always plays that real nebysia like nobody wants me i can't imagine
why kate okay you nasty oh it's one thing to be ugly a lot of us are in that category but she's
what a nag you know remember the scene in the movie where she's like that i do desperate
and who's the other actress that just drives me up the wall i saw her oh it's coming
on the tip i'll tell you the minute they've a movie no i'll come back to me in a second green leaf
Idaho after seeing the chaos of hurricane Katrina a city councilman in this tiny Idaho town founded
by pacifist quakers came up with a novel novel idea the quakers i wonder if they're like the
agitists ordinance 208 passed by the city council this week asked greenleafs 862 residents who
did not object on religious or other grounds to keep a gun at home in case they're overrun by refugees
from disasters like a dream this is not an all-never happen here kind of things that steven jet
what if he's getting a jone jet the ordinance's sponsor we could get refuge oh yeah i'm i'm sure
that all the people from Katrina the first thing they thought of oh we got to get out of here we
got to get up to a green leaf go see dicky green leaf and she was from the lojas he was from the
shipping magnet the green and she was from the textile of the loge remember that when he was at
the other one airport enrollment he was standing in a wrong line at whole that's pretty good movie
even though it's kind of gay now did uh Josh see that one touted mr. Ripley no well why not you
didn't bring that in for him you're not gonna watch it again i'll bring it i think he might he
might have a little bit of a problem it's got very heavy gay but it but it's really good and people
you like are in there you know like you law he's okay right oh yeah i like him a lot and uh
Freddie who now played Freddie what's his name uh see more hot see more uh how about your pardon
Philip see more hot man did he dropped the philip now is that Ryan philip no i i dropped it oh
in this town about 35 miles west of boys you need your oregon line boy i've never been up there
in the great north west and you know what i'm never gonna go i might go to Vancouver someday though
that's right what you're looking for right there what do you mean by that got lots of mountains and
not very many people oh well what do you mean what i'm looking for you think i'm just some kind of
a pervert yes yes i am in this town about 35 miles i i got a surprise for you would have thought
that what i was looking for in Omaha wasn't there either man oh wow well there are people there
in Omaha we man that midwestern thing there's good corn fed uh midwesterners anyway can i get
back to this without that perversion stuff of yours again see that he's the bad influence he's the
one that forced me to put those pictures up on a website he held a gun to Josh's head and to put
him up there or niels gonna get the whole thing in this town about 35 miles west of boys you need
your the oregon line where an estimated 80 percent of the adults are already on guns the proposal
hardly caused a stir it went through weeks in public hearings and drew only mild criticism from the
pasture of the town's quaker meeting house but in the six weeks since yet first introduced the ordinance
the national meeting have flocked to the story they're flocked into it jay Leno with green leaf in
his monologue comedy centrials daily show telephone no doubt to exploit out of his reputation as a wild
woodland where mountain men shop for groceries with a rifle slung over a camouflage jacket
what do you know what it means if you show a guy shopping for groceries yay jeth who's father died
in a hunting accident said the ordinance is designed to enable residents to protect themselves
but also gives the city a better platform for which to promote guns safety the fact that green leaf
supports the second amendment will be able to keep the crime rate down he said the thing is green leaf
doesn't really have crime at least his most cities define it the most violent offense reported
in the past two years was a fist bite good old-fashioned fist bite baby still jet insist the
menace of high crime may be on the horizon green leaf is on the western fringe of canyon county
a fast growing suburb of voisy as developers turn out falfer rose into track housing and hay bales
into big stores jet wants newcomers to know their criminals will not be comfortable in green leaf
you're not welcome here oh look at that the bulb just burned out in this thing i better not
to better stop reading uh oh not amazing oh gee and that's hotter and hell woo we man the building
i got a lamp here that sits off to my left and i just reached up there like sometimes if you tap it
you know i'm saying what the lip sometimes you tap the bulb and it like comes back to life again
you ever do that oh yeah sometimes you think it died and then you tap it and it comes right back
to life again and the bulb too maybe it's loose oh it's not loose it's not what it's done it's
had it i'm going to get a new one and stick it in there doing the break just realize i got everything
under control man i got everything all under control i got my office supplies i got my like robby
Benson said in one-on-one school supplies what i'd uh you know i shouldn't say that and they
have a heart attack and stuff and i did like him once upon a time but nevertheless and he's
Jewish but other than that who else did we discover is Jewish James Franco how do you like that
not only is he Franco-American but he's Franco uh Yiddish speaking of Jewish food don't forget
it's lobster fest every Friday through Sunday at the Emerald Coast the best Chinese buffet in
all the soft Florida borders a lot of amateurs out there but nobody liked the Emerald Coast
three locations for either in sunrise pember pines and sunny ills and at the Emerald Coast you'll
find over a hundred different items featured on their fantastic amazing buffet you talk about
picking out fits to the specialty there six gourmet soups New York steak juicy and delicious
grilled order just the way you love it hand-carb prime rib sushi traditional Asian dishes
zidians of them and they've got a salad bar and even a steamed bar or your little slow today
must be the ice cream and don't forget speaking of that the dessert bar at the Emerald Coast
is spectacular weekends featured the 40 inch mouthwatering chocolate fountain you can hand if
strawberry is all your fruits marshmallow cheesecake and other decadent treats and loads of milk
chocolate for dessert just shove them in there perfect way to end a really big and enjoyable feast
at the Emerald Coast and don't forget no crap no MSG no cornstarch no garbage they was only the
most healthy the best ingredients including cholesterol free canola oil and right now when you go
into the Emerald Coast is a party of four asks for the Neal deal which will save you $5.60
cents off your total check with four paying adults the Neal deal Emerald Coast open for lunch
in an everyday call for reservations nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five
four five seven two thirty eight twenty two don't forget every day at the Emerald Coast is a
Neal deal they and every Friday through Sunday it's lunch to fest only at the Emerald Coast
Chinese buffet the biggest name of the best talent this is Neil Rogers for radio five sixty
U.A.M. It's that Friday you bastards tonight the concert that's gonna rock the foundation
of America and blow the roof off if you can only see one show this year see the show that
explodes in your face the rage the pain the power of the diva barra stress and
you
you wanted the best you got the best one night of balls to the wall fire breathing bone
crushing sound ripping through your head like a shotgun blast it can only be one woman
barbra don't miss the concert at Maryland Madden calls a f*** nightmare of sight and sound
barbra stress and no bottles can't the coolest please small children i'd be a minute
come forty seven i bet the mad dog may have to take a show off today have somebody maybe
crudest coming in for Lynn former Michigan football coach for about a hundred years
voe shambackler died after collapsing during a um filming of a uh uh uh show before the big
old house they Michigan showdown according to the toy tv stations and there'll be more on that
it just just came in like seconds ago aren't you like your crestfallen it's a sports thing man
bow shambackler who did wonder how many years he coach he was there a long time owner
if he was uh my dog's coach at michigan i think what happened is he saw the naked pictures of
a tom Brady and maybe saw the pictures of Brady Quinn on a website and got a sub-centre
thought it was tom Brady i got this for it from the chin down tom Brady ain't much i just
mentioned that i don't know about from the waist down but from the chin down he ain't much i mean
you know he's a great player right Josh yes he is he's a good player great some weeks great
not this past week he missed the bus along with the rest of the team that's okay they can't be great
every week otherwise what's the point you know there's no drama wait till you hear this you're going
to puke you now let me ask you this what's your take on a denzel washington uh uh you know he's
he's been okay in some movies not all of it's an epic telling of the life of jesus an ambitious
production featuring an all-star cast but it's not a movie or miniseries it's been ad or near the
number one spot among the best selling books listed on walmart's website since its early fall
the retail chain family christian stores says it's the fastest selling audio bible it is ever
stocked the 21 hour production which lists for 49.99 i'm sure half of that goes to the lord
features the voice talents of more than 250 singers clergy and actors including denzel washington
cuba gooding jr angela bat goodie goodie remember goodie goodie by frankie lamina and teenagers
he's still dead by the way angela bassett and alfred alfred woodward i don't know who that is
what's it alfred some chick is she here really the win free or for win free alfred blera underwood
play at portraise jesus and samuel jackson who played a scripture spouting hitman in paltry
is the voice of god how do you like that samuel jackson is god my ass it's really good and it's
transcending every barrier worth thrilled with the way the product is turned out said paul
community vice president publisher of bibles for zander van a grand Rapids based division of
newscorp owned harper columns bibles for zander van zander van started shipping bible experience
in late september and sold more than sit by the way i got a new ball been here i just stuck in it
man i can read things and actually see what i'm reading that great yet is now i i never really
thought about this even all the years haven't alive there's some things that you never really
think about when a light bulb goes out i'm asking you because you're such a genius right so you
tell us when a light bulb goes out when the filament just up like that and it dies has the has the
bulb getting dimmer as it gets older and uh... you know what i'm saying what's funny you should ask
that because a lot of times the bulb will burn brighter right before it dies really and i asked my
science teacher that he said that because the the filament is suspended in a non-axid uh... oxygen
what's inside the bulb is not oxygen so that the filament doesn't burn out when the bulb gets a crack
in it then the oxygen seeps in so then the filament starts to burn and therefore it burns brighter
and then it burns up and then it goes out and that's a lot of times what happens that that doesn't
answer my question that that that that that that's really interesting i mean moderately not not
tremendously but what i'm saying is is the bulb is getting older it's been there for like a long
long time which i don't think i ever replace that so that's been there for like five years you know
that might have been a dim bulb to begin with it was dim sonda van started speaking of things that
are dim bible experience in late september so more than seventy thousand units came in to say
what if he's came to ken come in to you who croaked who used to play for the asterisk who didn't
he croaked out yes he did it's those roads he had bad roads by the way i can he coached a
michigan from sixty nine to eighty nine shambucker well and uh... he was uh... mad dogs coach
because mad dog was on a seventy two dolphins who would think that he was playing from michigan like uh...
you know around seventy is when you you think yeah i'm sure he was pretty tight with coach bow
and he's gonna be there there's something right there from life spent a long time on and of course
this week we got the big ol house they'd michigan game count up for number one right yes i'll see who
my root for that game i think michigan's got another pretty good looking quarterback
bike what what are you laughing about i have no interest neither one of those schools i hit him
like poison both of them i mean if i can root for no today because brady quinnis plan that i can
root for michigan when tom brady when i pulled out that uh... was it the rose bull against some of the
UCLA whoever that was was that is last uh... college game i agree on the level come back they
scored about a zid in points brady was on fire baby was hotter than a firecracker anyway by
comparison zonda van would publishes the five best selling audio bibles in the u.s.
sells about sixty thousand units each year of its long time top seller the new international
version audio bible so for those of you people that want to hear bubble my sees uh... about bubble
that bubble in your ear there you go the audio bible bubble my sees bubble my bible my sees
thirteen hundred and thirty four votes we got not to and not to shabby if you ask me on a friday
friday is generally the weakest day of the week i don't know why that is is not a little bit of
the way for the weekend is right but they're starting their weekend early and of course now
that we have thanks giving next uh... Thursday in jorge will be on vacation all next week
well now what are we gonna do we can have been going there next week and just sitting in that room
okay i mean that's fine with me i'm just nobody is sitting nothing to me about it not
i know that it's well out yeah i know i'm gonna be here uh... through wednesday you're gonna be one
i'm gonna be here through wednesday and i'm gonna be there because we're not out we don't have a show
on Thursday you know don't tell me that could be their friday that is correct sir what i'm not
gonna be here friday once your jank gonna be there friday jorge is on vacation right and you're
not gonna be there friday i'll be on i won't be in there but i'll be on i'll be here you'll get
somebody you in the gale man for four hours all castro all day oh no you've got to be kidding me
i mean i like mcgale he's you know good people but nevertheless he is his boring is just he's
just got nothing to say about anything plus he hates he hates this show i do now he was not
crazy about it before he was my shoes caros yeah let's just keep my shoes caros my shoes caros
my shoes caros my shoes caros incredible incredible incredible that's what you're gonna be here
on friday next not not today and then all we should have started today you know it's really
interesting to me nobody has said anything to me or i'm sure to you either about uh... what the
deal is right and i write about that right to go you were like stepchildren on this station okay always
okay joe were like stepchildren your program director not that we want to interfere maybe just
help out a little bit will be good maybe like plan ahead for what that we're gonna stick on the air
here maybe i'll ask him to come in who's that clearance yeah well i won't be here then or joe
bell he could run the board joe can run the board and caros can do the show that sounds like a real
weiner to me sounds like a plan a plan by the man good galley miss maw is it just amazing to me how
shlucky we're getting it's like uh... well we don't want to be associated with you you guys don't have
a sports show you know talking about sports is because you got naked jox on your website we don't
care about that fact you want to get some more response on a qm website judge since you're working
so feverishly to try to improve it put those a brady quinn pictures on there because most of the
people are watching sports websites are gay you know tell you get you you get we have had i don't
know what can you can be anything else it's not that the read and eighty city in those bedtime
time store all you know that's what it is they're not i can look at the stats right now it's like okay
it's not great but it's uh... you know mediocre and it's not like they're listening online because we have
the usual uh... you know the usual assortment of people online about the same we always do
and spread of the fact that it sounds so much better because we got the increased bandwidth
and spread herb and carcola springs bitching and moaning when you're gonna be unserious when you
gonna go away herb your buddy your whining your annoying the only change we had in all of a sudden
yesterday afternoon and today we got a so many more people on at neorodges dot com and that's
because even the uh... straight guys out there they want to see what for any quinn's god you know
what he brings to the table that that's what they want they want to take a look and see what's the
big simmiss with brady quinn okay and then they feel really bad about themselves so like a half
hour later go back and they look at it again so you know something it looks even better now needed
before and you tell me there's a god the same god created ron germine created that
all i gotta get my uh toilet paper roll out attention man why does he start the spots out like that
for me huh that duff hey duff you fairy anyway if you have a hair loss problem or currently where
her hair system listen to this and we're talking about here on your head not talking to the uh...
shaved masses out there for more than forty years Charles off he has been designing hair systems
for show business personalities politicians and most importantly everyday guys even shleppers
like you that's right and you know there's some people say they can spot a hair system but i'm
gonna tell you right now the ones that you can spot are the bad ones the embarrassing humanly
eating and degrading ones how many good hair systems go on odyssey and even what's not the real
thing because they look so great natural and Charles off he or his hair systems are completely
natural designed with just a right amount of hair in the property sessions run your hands through
it over here Brady let me run your hands through it see god punishing me again see that that's how
it looks and feels just like your own here and here's the deal that Charlie's got going for you
now for just ninety nine bucks they'll custom design a hair system for you try for a couple of weeks
and if you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells it yours for just an additional five
hundred dollars to keep and they're so confident that if you're not completely happy return that
hair and get your ninety nine dollars back so you've got absolutely nothing to lose but that bald
spot and offer you can't refuse unless you're nuts Charles off he or he's in for a lot of
deal coffee or an appointment or obligation one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen
that's one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen you absolutely won't believe just how
much better and younger you are gonna look the biggest name of best talent this is wheel roger sports
radio five sixty you a rock salt
we've got well and when I'm up in Belkettiga slapping all the women with painted lips around the
pole I listened to the new Rogers one to two I mean I listen to the new Rogers hair and balance
one to two hours it's been great for my internship that you're ratings and diet now
well I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was to your hand how welcome
yeah don't you get quite somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants
it ain't easy very no chance I love to be coming back
outside of considering a lucrative and counteract
if you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitter to the
v
out
I'm down in the tank.
I'm happy with my radio.
I have the rebobby's door.
But this game is the most
and we did show.
All you need is now.
Now we can't get it.
All you need is now.
And we'll be able to get it.
All you need is a show.
And we'll blow.
Like, we all look at the video.
We'll probably get a little more handed.
We'll find a way something.
Check, told me to give you this.
What is he doing?
Are you going to go fire me?
I go, fire me.
102-560-WQ-A-M.
You know, I turned on that Panther Game last night on the package.
And it was gildy, you know, on TV.
And I turned it off real quick.
I thought, oh, that voice.
That voice, you know.
It was like fingernails scratching on my ass,
coming right through my expensive TV set.
I shut it right off.
13-9-51 votes on the full.
So here's the very sketchy detail.
We're going to see here the details very sketchy.
For Shambackler, the winningest coach in Michigan football history
died today after collapsing during a taping of a TV show,
according to three-Echoid TV stations, he was 77.
Now, the fact that he died during the taping of the show,
which means they probably haven't dying on tape.
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And knowing what a bunch of grave robbers the media people are,
they're probably going to be showing that.
It'll probably be on you tube.
Oh, here, watch the coach croak.
You know, like that, bad.
Shambackler's death was reported by WXYZ,
the EWDIV and WJBK, which didn't cite sources.
He died a day before the second rank wolf reans
was scheduled to be number one Ohio State,
and the ladies in solidity, the century-old rivalry.
And here's a picture of old boat only today over 100.
77 could pass for 100 easy.
Not one of my favorite people, but then again,
of course, I went to Michigan State for about five minutes,
and he was the...
And of course, our coach, Deffi Dirty,
two yards in a cloud of dust,
not my favorite coaches.
And of course, there was always Woody Hayes, a relay hole.
What is it about these college coaches,
guys, that most of them are such A-holes.
Like Joe Pa, you know, Bobby Bowden.
You're just talking about the geasers or...
Well, the guys who have been the Empire Builders,
the ones that we were around for a long, long time.
Most of them are A-holes.
Maybe because they take themselves so seriously, you know?
It's like other sports-type people.
They're taken for all very seriously.
As opposed to having, like, any sense of humor about it?
1357 votes on a pool.
Our goal is to get to 14 today, and our Friday day
would be a real feather in your crap.
And speaking of crap, man, Georgia's going to be...
He's going to be a busy beaver the rest of the day.
I'll say that.
Well, Josh already got the jump on me.
Did he?
He's just lucky you weren't talking to him.
What was it, like, a half hour ago?
What did I tell you?
I knew it.
The mad rush to flush.
But at least it's something we don't do all the time, you know?
I remember those Z-day days, and the INZ days.
I remember, how about the IOD days?
Good.
We have food coming to that place or what?
Yeah.
That was insane.
Now, I'm trying to think of the...
A Paxon.
How long did that go on?
A year.
No, it did not.
Get out of here.
A year of my ass.
We were at Paxon.
We started in November.
We were not at Paxon for a year.
We left there in May.
My contract was for a year.
And then they paid me off in May to go the hell away, which was sweet.
Don't you remember that?
Okay.
We weren't there for a year.
It may seem like a year.
It felt like a year.
It felt like a finger.
It felt like a lifetime.
But anyway, what that was I saying about being there?
All the food.
Now, wasn't that the place where the...
Of course, the engineer was a real, real a-holder.
What that was his name?
Oh, I know what it was.
The engineer's name was...
Roy!
Right?
Right.
And he was a jerk and he made us get rid of all those carts.
Right?
Well, we don't do carts at Paxon.
We don't do...
Although I will say this for him, you know.
Whatever we needed.
Remember we needed the DCS?
Mm-hmm.
Whatever piece of equipment we needed no matter how much it was.
Go out and get it, order it.
You know, because he had the big box.
You know, loaded with his swimming and money.
A man with no talent whatsoever who just talk about Muzzle Man.
There were a buddy-bud Paxon.
So he didn't have a spare any expense.
And of course, he built us those beautiful studios.
You remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Polatio, you could eat off the floor.
But speaking of that, didn't they not allow us to have food in there?
And how we had food?
We would never work that in the show where we didn't have food in.
Exactly.
Everyone makes an attempt to keep you from getting food in the studio.
No food allowed in the studio.
And then of course, we do whatever it is that we want.
No smoking allowed in the studio.
And then I used to light up the storeys all the time before I gave them up
because I didn't want to kill myself.
Remember that crap?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, and you'll smoke at a big fat storey in there.
And Georgia's smoking a big fat one too, but not a cigar, you know.
Well, two freaking bad.
Okay, mind your own business.
There's nothing worse than working for militant A-holes who don't know their answer.
And in addition to which, when you're what they got, you don't say when you're the franchise.
Right?
When you're what they got, they had to be, they should pick you up in a limo every day.
Both of you guys.
Pick you up in a limo.
They should pick my ass up in a limo and bring me from my bedroom into this studio every day.
What's nice?
And I see it goes to Georgia.
I should probably get in the cab at two.
I won't do it.
I'm not going to go out there again today and risk my luck.
When you go too often and you press your luck, that's when you lose your ass.
But it must be a lucky Friday, wouldn't you think?
That the delivery guy came knocking on the door when, right in the beginning of a break.
Right. And they have a big rush.
Like, oh gee, I think the brakes are there like, you know, he didn't have any idea what's going on.
Plus I had to put my shorts on and my shirt.
I'm not going to go naked in the door for some delivery guy, especially when it looks like that.
Did you get it like a camera or something?
A camera for what?
See what the delivery guy looks like?
Sure. Before you make up your mind.
Details on house races in which the outcome remains on the side of the candidate may seek a recount as of right now.
It's just amazing. Here it is. One was the election a week ago, Tuesday or two weeks ago, 14th a week ago.
New Mexico, first district Republican representative Heath Wilson, Heather Wilson, led Democrat Patricia Madrid,
by fewer than 1500 votes on more than 200,000 cash, official disqualified 645 ballots Wednesday, leaving about 2500 to be counted.
North Carolina, eighth district, representative Robin Hayes, a Republican led Democrat Larry Kissel by about 450 votes,
about 1500 provisional ballots remain to be counted, final results expected maybe today, maybe and who knows?
They're making them up. Ohio's second district representative Jean Schmidt, a Republican who called Dec. Vietnam,
Federal and Representative John Murther, a coward, was a head of Democrat Victoria Wilson by about 2800 votes,
workers at Big In County, provisional and absentee ballots, next week, they're going to start counting them next week.
I know how is 15th district representative Deborah Price, a member of the House Republican leadership leads Democratic Mary Jo Kilroy by about 3536, 3500.
Thousands of provisional ballots are be counted beginning on Sunday, a day later than normal indifference to the Ohio State Michigan's football game tomorrow.
I know we talked about that before, and I don't understand what's coming of the votes got to do with some stupid as football game.
No wonder both Shembeckler died. Now can't you see the emotional lift that it's going to give Michigan now in a game tomorrow, Josh?
Don't you think so? That's right. They're playing for their old coach. They're playing for bowl, baby.
They're going to lift them up and kick some serious ass or maybe not.
Wyoming for a system Republican representative Barbara Cuban was certified Wednesday as the winner over Democrat Gary Trowner by a thousand and twelve votes,
Trowner held off the possibility of seeking a recon. Here's the one that just frost my ass.
Representative William Jefferson, Democrat allusion, the guy that had the cold cash, you know, the subject of the FBI,
that's not that Barbara investigation, the guy had 90 grand cash in his freezer is facing fellow Democrat Karen Carter and he's December 9th runoff.
And representative Henry Bonilla, Republican Texas, face Democratic representative former Ciro Rodriguez, who's named as NZ,
and he had unskidged for off to have no sooner than December 12th. And in Florida, a first recount was completed Tuesday in the contest for the seat of Amxius Catherine Harris,
the Associated Press declared a winner in that race. Republican firm Buchanan leads Democrat Christine Jennings by about 400 votes,
or less than 200 to 1%, 0.02%. Kind of 0.02, we know the programs are got numbers like that. Don't we?
I'm sorry, I was listening to something else.
Well, what is this? What kind of a faggy thing is it? Oh, it's from Tracy, isn't it?
Yes. Oh, it's from some between. She's not a fag.
She says, forget Brady Quinn. If you haven't seen the Swiss World Cup commercial, check it out.
I get the lovely boy moving the hay around. And then she's got a website. I may have to check that out to a clock.
Can you see the ice storm? Oh, that's the Gourney Weaver is brilliant in the ice storm. I love Gourney Weaver.
And that's not a bad movie. Really? You might like it more than me. It's one of those dramas.
What didn't you like about it? What didn't I like about it? The pace, it's kind of a morose drama.
Don't get the judge. Don't forget bringing the talented Mr. Ripley for Josh. I want to listen to what's going to happen.
It's a tragedy. It's very gay. But I think it's... Now you would agree with me. It's a pretty... I don't know.
Doesn't move slowly, I wouldn't say. Mr. Ripley, doesn't it? No, no, it's good.
I don't know. I mean, I've seen it about four times. And it's okay.
1366, Matt Damon shows way too much tooth in it. But he always shows too much tooth. He's a little toothy kind of a guy.
In fact, you noticed the scene there. You noticed the ripoff they did in that movie of fatal attraction.
Remember when Glenn Close had the razor and she had the bathroom on and she was cutting herself on the leg.
Kind of like subconsciously, because she was crazy in a bedbuck. And Mr. Ripley, Matt Damon does the same thing with the razor blade.
Remember that? He had the blade in his pocket and then the blood is like spurting and she's like...
Like that, fat.
Maybe just looking at him at Tom Ripley, believe it or not.
Matt said it's a good movie. I like it. I love the scene where the guy who was in Magnolia, the TV anchor guy, the quiz show guy.
He's a great actor. I have no idea what his name is though. He's good and we keep forgetting.
He plays the family attorney there, the investigator that they hire, the green leaves to.
And he has that scene with Matt Damon on the balcony. And you think he's going to like chew him out and you know, in the whole deal.
Because, well, I'm not going to run the movie.
And it come to find out that he inherited all that money. That Mr. Green Leaf took a great liking to him.
Talk about that. Rather be lucky than good, huh?
Right.
That's the line from Matchpoint, by the way, if you haven't seen that, rather be lucky than good.
And he turns out to be pretty lucky. I would say in more respects than one.
In more respects than one.
Okay. When you come right down to it.
He hit the jackpot.
Because I will say this much and it rarely happens in those movies. She was a lot prettier than he was, okay?
Yeah.
She's pretty weird and just about anything.
Didn't just about anything. Even Brady Quinn. Well, now, now we got a battle on our hands.
No, we don't. Because we don't have to fight.
That's right. I'll take care of him.
I'll take care of him.
Everybody's happy.
Scarlett.
The biggest name of the best talent to do this is Neil Rogers, sports radio 560.
You're sorry, M.
Why are you bastard?
If I would step my tongue down your throat, would we read it on the front page?
Yeah.
N-girls don't satisfy you. I just like to try your waltz. You'll bring your lips and rangs.
Need a cha cha cha cha.
Y-y-y-y-y.
Down on my knees.
Bagging your pleas.
A no-dare hall of mine.
I just had enough of that martial soul.
They even check out my behind.
Y-y-y-y-y-y.
Welcome.
I know.
It's only dated for a but a like him.
I know.
That's only dated for a but a like him.
A but a like him.
Yes I do.
I like him.
But only dated for a like him.
I only dated for a like him.
Only dated for a like him.
Yeah.
I can't just say that this old boy has been a long day.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sad.
I know.
A jerry's got the show but she's not like him.
Oh no.
Oh it's a I know.
We're totally like the flow when a like is.
I only dated for a like him.
I know.
We were dancing in the season and we're like that.
Only dated for a like him.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Yeah.
I know.
And I really know.
I know.
And I know.
Good morning.
Thank you spirit.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good evening.
Good morning.
You're working hard, right?
Too many stuff to be done.
From yesterday at WCT L away is coming up.
big wedding countdown in Italy.
It's a prime demand.
And Tomcat, we don't care.
Hey, don't you guys believe it now?
Look at him.
No, we don't.
Hey, Tommy.
You ferry.
The documents which have long been taught
to exist by observers and critics of America's national
security policies were confirmed to exist as the result
of a still pending feed-me-information act
lawsuit by the ACLU.
One of these documents is believed to be a companion piece
to the now infamous August 2002 memorandum, which redefined
torture and as a result, broadened the range of interrogations
and tactics permitted in the field.
The companion document, the so-called U2 document named
after legal counsel, John U, is believed to contain a list
of actual techniques that have been approved by the Department
of Justice, and which therefore are legally protected
interrogation methods used by intelligence operatives
against suspected terrorists.
A press release issue today contends that Leahy had previously
requested all documents related to the treatment of detainees
from the Department of Justice, the FBI, the CIA,
and the Department of Defense.
These requests have turned up numerous controversial
memos and reports detailing the handling of so-called
enemy combatants by US soldiers and intelligence officials,
but now uncovered documents were never included.
According to the ACLU, the document specifies interrogation
methods that the CIA may use against top al-Qaeda members.
Last November, a news report surfaced detailing six
so-called enhanced interrogation techniques,
what remains unclear in what the documents requested by Leahy
might reveal is what among these documents, which are
legal in the eyes of the Justice Department.
You don't like the waterboarding and stuff like that.
And poking their eyes out and yanking their fingernails off,
things like that.
Just minor little encouragement to answer the freaking question.
Stuff like that.
Got it?
Good.
1381.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, we got the whole rest of the hour for crying out loud.
It's only 20 after one.
My God.
Not that it's a Friday or anything like that.
Not that we've had a little bit.
Although it isn't nice having that nice new light bulb there.
Not good?
I'm glad you got it.
I'm glad you read it.
I'm trying to read here without stumbling and fumbling
and bumping because, and especially when you send me
those factions or those stories, I got a little teeny tiny
20 minute and faded.
Those are my favorite.
1381, Rupert Murdoch is one.
Even though that pulled me up there all weekend long.
I almost feel like we ought to change it
because it's a non-compassmentous weeness.
You know what I mean?
But I'm gonna leave it.
Why the hell do we want to do that?
And by the way, Sean, thanks for the polls.
But before I show up, I'm gonna feature you to do better
than this.
You see the three polls he's got on here?
Actually, I did not.
Look, don't, don't.
You'll be depressed.
And then there's Steve sent us in a poll idea too.
Which group of people scare you the most just by the way
they look?
And he says hip hop gangsters,
Husset and Jews, and I love the way he's spelled it.
Amish people, priests, black women with short blonde hair.
So I won't get any votes, but they scare the crap out of me
is what Steve said.
What do you think about that poll?
I think that's a good idea.
I mean, we can add some things, change some things.
Yeah, I think he's got to go up here.
Well, give me some ideas to it.
Okay, maybe I'm not gonna, it's for Monday anyway.
We're not gonna do that.
Oh yeah, like I said, give me some ideas.
Oh, I got to know, when I see blind people driving.
Okay.
Scares the hell out of me.
Like I said, I'll leave it in my capable hands.
23 passed one again.
Thanks to our friends at Jackson's ice cream parlor and Dany.
You beat, don't forget their big 50th anniversary
batches tomorrow night.
And George and Josh are swooning, man.
Josh is already made a quick run.
Now is that run as in singular or runs as in well anyway?
No, singular.
Good.
Well, when I said runs as in, I wasn't talking about plural.
I was talking about as in a noun.
Perhaps it wasn't the best day for former Senator George
McGovern to bring his case for pulling US troops out of
Iraq to Democrats on Capitol Hill.
With Democrats starting a contentious caucus to elect new
leaders for the return to the majority status in January,
less than a dozen members of the progressive caucus
met with McGovern and Professor William R. Polk
of the University of Chicago who have written out of Iraq
a practical plan for withdrawal now.
I'll bet you two thirds of the American people think that
this is a, this war was a mistake.
Just like 95% of Americans think they had not was a mistake.
McGovern said in poking his own history as the Democrats
anti-war candidate who failed miserably in his 1972 bid
to one seat president Nixon.
Now my memory may be bad, but it seems to me that McGovern
won Massachusetts and I think he won two states in 72.
Not good.
Recalling Nixon's famous speech about the silent majority
who he said supported the war in Vietnam
as opposed to the vocal anti-war demonstrators who marched
into the country cities and on college campuses,
ABC checked the former South Dakota senators numbers.
McGovern was close in something up to the disdain for Iraq,
but a little further off the mark about Vietnam.
In a November 5th Gallup poll 55% called Iraq war mistake.
Similarly 57% in the ABC post-poll October 22th
said the war was not worth fighting.
Gallup last asked about Vietnam being a mistake in 2000
and at that time 69% of the public said it was a mistake.
During the war the number of colleagues in the mistake
picked at 60 in 1971, 60% and 73.
Since then it picked at 74% in 1990.
That's the, see that, what does that tell you
about the American public?
58,000 American troops came home in body bags,
millions of innocent Vietnamese people died
and there was no reason for us to be there in the first place
and it picked at 74% in 1990.
This election on November 7th told us that the Democrats
in this country are waiting, that the people in this country
are waiting for Jim Baker to tell the Democrats
where we should go in a rec said,
representative Lynn Woolsey at California,
who chairs the progressive caucus,
referring to the former Secretary of State,
who's one of the leaders of the Iraq study group,
Jim Baker who said,
F the Jews they don't vote for us anyway.
The people of America spoke on November 7th,
Woolsey said that they know how we're supposed to leave Iraq,
no, that they want us to leave, yes.
The government told reporters yesterday
hasn't spoken formally with the study group,
the independent bipartisan commission led by Baker
and former Democratic Congressman Lee Hamilton,
but said he has spoken with individual members
and partridge in a pair of trees,
but a meat but a boot but a bop and yadi,adi,adi.
It's one of those things, man, it's like a bad marriage.
It wasn't that hard to get in,
but boy, your cheer was a mess trying to get out.
Yeah.
I'm not, no, I didn't have anybody specific in mind,
necessarily, although,
oh, I know who I was thinking of before,
Margot Kitter, boy, she bugs the crap out of me.
Yeah, she is a newbie.
I can't think of what movie I just seen her in the other,
but she part of all those Superman movies
which would have been adequate.
Yeah, otherwise, extraordinarily annoying.
Is Margot freaking, are you kidding me?
Last and the broad thing,
what's the best talent?
Please, not again.
You're Roger and I'm going for it's radio 560.
It's you, A, M.
Friday, you bastard.
Oh, I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having a blue slurping?
We are having a sail on camera.
R-H-E-G.
We have had about many flavors.
I'm afraid that there's not any more.
R-H-E-G-H-E-A-D-A.
Okay, I'll tell you everything.
I just can't make me proud for the inside that you think.
Hey, you guys just threw it with a wimp in the bag.
It is only because they smell so bad.
You can name a group of reactions of a group
and we don't wanna stink out of it.
We smell like a fool.
R-H-E-G-H-A-D-A.
I should have a big one up here.
R-H-E-G-E-G-E-G-D.
R-H-E-G-E-G-D.
You're too excuse me to ironing.
She's ra-H-E-G-E-G-R-H.
R-H-E-G-R-D.
R-H-E-G-R-D.
One thirty two at five sixty W.Francheska sends a fax and says if you want to see Jonathan
Wiesmeyer's looking very pretty in making out with other guys rent the movie Velvet
Gold Mine sounds very gay to me it's a movie from 1998 about a glam rock star it is
a big US sexuality very hot says Francesca I look it up on IMDB they give it 6.5 but it's
a camping movie you know we'll never get a high rating if it's a camping movie like that
baggy movie or like a gay oh sure one yeah you're right you kid me you're the one
always tell me about those right that it's got to be used on the IMDB on those movies
oh it was just wonderful and it was just so well yeah and usually those are movies
that suck so to speak right thirteen at 96 votes we got fourteen I would like to
again so to speak thirteen ninety seven oh here's this big sim is about the time
cat wedding over there will disappear beyond this and disappear forever okay please just
both of you go off in the east for somewhere and disappear forever it was all a big
favor local priest as the Catholic Church will not be involved it's gonna be a Scientology
of wedding wouldn't know yeah that would you think but it is the priest who according
to Catholic Church tradition needs to authorize all marriages in his parish
well Italy doesn't recognize Scientology is a religion and other reason I love Italy
so much Norman Solomon the new media offensive for the Iraq war he's good this is in common
dreams that work I don't think I have time to read this it's too long but I'm gonna do it
anyway he says the American media establishment has launched a major offensive against the
option with drawing US troops from Iraq in the latest media assault right wing outfits
like Fox News in the Wall Street Journal editorial page our secondary the heaviest fire
power is now coming from most valuable square inches of media real estate in the USA the
front page of the New York Times the present situation is grimly instructive for anyone
who might wonder how the Vietnam more could continue for years while opinionful show
that most Americans were against it now in the wake of intermolecions widely seen as
a rebuked to the Iraq war powerful media institutions are feverously spinning against a pull
out of US troops under the headline get out of Iraq now question mark not so fast experts
say the November 15 front page of the New York Times primarily featured a military analysis
by Michael Gordon the piece reported that while some congressional Democrats are saying
withdrawal US troops should begin within four to six months this argument is being challenged
by a number of military officers experts and former generals including some of them
among the most vehement critics of the Bush administrations of Iraq policies reporter
Gordon appeared hours later on Anderson Cooper CNN show fully morphing into an unbashed
pundit as he declared that withdrawal is simply not realistic sounding much like a pentagon
spokesman Gordon went on to state and no uncertain terms that he opposes a pullout if
a New York Times military affairs reported one on the TV to advocate for withdrawal of US
troops as unequivocally as Gordon advocated against any such withdrawal during his appearance
the November 15 on CNN he or she would be quickly reprimanded and probably would have
been taken off the beat by the Times hierarchy but the papers news department eagerly fussed
as reporting that internalizes and promotes the basic worldviews of the country's national
security state that's how and why the Times front page was so hospital rolled to the work
of Judith Miller during the lead up to the invasion of Iraq that's how and why the Times
is now so hospitable to the work of Michael Gordon at this point categories like vehement
critics of the Bush administrations Iraq policies are virtually meaningless the bulk of
the media's favorite vehement critics are opposed to reduction of US involvement in the
Iraq carnage and some of them are now openly urging an increase in US troop levels for
the occupation these days media coverage of US policy in Iraq often seems to be little
more than a remake of how mainstream news outlets portrayed Washington's options during
the war in Vietnam routine difference to inside the beltway conventional wisdom as to
many prominent journalists to do co-producers of a groundhog day sequel that insists the
West war effort must go on during the year since the fall of sawdum countless news stories
and commentate commentaries have compared the ongoing disaster in Iraq to the Vietnam war
but those comparisons have early illuminated the most troubling parallels between the US
media coverage of both wars whether in 1986 or 68 or 2006 most of the Washington press
score has been at pains to portray with the role of US troops as impractical and unrealistic
contrary to myths about media coverage of the Vietnam more the American press lagged
way behind grassroots anti-war sentiment in seriously contemplating US pull out from
Vietnam the lag time amounted to several years and meant the additional deaths of tens
of thousands of Americans and perhaps a million more more Vietnamese people a survey by the
Boston Globe conducted in February 68 found that out of 39 major daily newspapers in the
West not a single one had to realize for withdrawing American troops from Vietnam today
despite the anti-war tilt of national opinion polls in the recent election advocacy of
US pull out from Iraq seems almost as scarce among modern day media elites the standard media
evasions about to kicking the bloody can down the road careful statements about benchmarks
and getting tough with the Baghdad government as with the Saigon government are markers for
a national media disclosure that dodges instead of in life in its debate many journalists are
retreading the notion that the pull out option is not a real option at all and the Democrats
will soon be running Congress were told wouldn't and shouldn't there go that far if they
knew what's good for them implicit in such media coverage is the idea that the real legitimacy
for US pot war policy making rest with the president not the Congress when I ponder that
assumption I think about 42 year old footage of the CBS program face the nation the shows host
on that 64 telecast was the widely esteemed journalist Peter Lissagore who told his guest
senator the constitution gives the president the west the sole responsibility for the conduct
of foreign policy you couldn't be more wrong senator Wayne Morse broken with his sandpaper
you could make a more unsound legal statement than the one you've just made this is the
promulgation of an old fallacy that foreign policy belongs to the president and that's nonsense
Lissagore was almost taught in his he asked to whom does it belong then senator Morse didn't
miss a beat it belongs to the American people he shot back and I'm pleading that the American
people be given the facts about foreign policy the journalist persisted you know senator that the
American people can't formulate an execute foreign policy Morse's response was indignant why do
you say that I've complete faith in the ability the American people to follow the facts if you'll
give them to them and my charge against my government is we're not giving the American people the
facts Morse the senate senior senator from Oregon was passionate about the U.S. Constitution as
well as international law and while rejecting the widely held notion that foreign policy belongs
to the president he spoke an unflinching terms about the Vietnamese war at a hearing of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee on February 2768 Morse said they did not intend to put the
blood of this war on his hands and prophetically he added we're going to become guilty in my judgment
of being the greatest threat to the peace of the world it's an ugly reality and we Americans don't
like to face up to it he said almost 40 years ago and we're still doing the same crap Norman
Solomon baby he knows his crap 1402 man I must have been a really good year I wonder if Norman
Schwartz lived up to street from me in 1402 talking about the U.S. story talks such cock up I will
Jesus did this and Mary Magdalene did that then yeah they don't even know who shot cock robin
for crime I'll they don't know from nothing and all these religious getschies man and you people
out there you subsidize it the one the people out there who are subsidizing this crap you're the
evildoers I'll say that right now all that hate the hostility the murder the bloodshed the lunacy
1408 on the poor aren't you impressed no the for Scientology wedding 101 on you know the aesthetics
on the outside the dress the rings who cares am I right who cares we don't care we don't care
about Tom cat we don't care about Scientology we don't care about Elron hubbub we don't care
about any of this crap I get more credit to the Jediist myself absolutely if you're expecting
guest this holiday season then it's a great time to dial one 800 mattress make sure they all got
someplace to lay their ass plus it's dial amatris's 30th birthday and a celebrate dial amatris and
Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons beauty rest
pillow top you can choose from South Florida's biggest selection Simmons beauty rest and get
same-day delivery to call dial amatris a 1 800 mattress and get yourself factory direct prices
and award-winning service with no nonsense no BS when you call dial amatris which I've been doing
for years don't forget you get to pick the date and time for delivery anytime when it's convenient
for you seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. even the very same day just pick it to our
window when you want them to show up like 11 to 1 1 to 3 2 to 4 etc and they show up they deliver
that's one of the many reasons why dial amatris continues to be ranked number one in the world
and customer satisfaction while everybody with a brain including our friends of QAM
used dial amatris on the web you'll find them in mattress dot com or better yet pick up your phone
right now it's the easiest the smartest and the most inexpensive piece of shopping you can do
call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTRES leave off the last as because it stands for stupendous
sensational saving the biggest name of best talent this is wheel rogers forged radio 560
a
right i thought christy i'm a he was very
tell you for this religion thing was not for me absolutely they held a big
invention that's the important free i don't idea what i was about to see
oh they were speaking in tongue that made me believe
a
kind of fun
just take it out of my mouth
speak in tongue
they got people even my tongue is we didn't from side to side
well
well now embrace me
my tongue to the feet
whatever i do
he'll forgive me
or because now i speak in tongue
but that makes me a believer
and they're having fun
playing around with my mouth
now i speak in tongue
145 to 560 wqa 1422 votes on the pool on a Friday no less
when i'll guarantee you we got uh oh everybody's looking at those pictures that's what it is
that's it i'm up printing out the rest of the bokeh shem breakfast story because we got mad dog
coming up at two he said hooters in pompano though and i hope somebody uh you know passed along
the information wouldn't you think i imagine
what you know the sport shows we got like 55 people that produce and uh
and get involved am i right and i'm sure Ken's got it
Ken's on top of it being the old uh sports dog but he is and he has sports dog
okay how is old Ken Maldon doing he's just fine good how you doing Ken i'm waiting for
this story to print out and i'm so damn excited that i got my case of thanks pick
which means i'm going to be sending so many more stories to josh and printing so many more out
take it easy now it's the out of town with that would you really yeah not no
so what does that mean don't send you any stories
hey who's doing the story i'm doing them i'm just uh you know then in other words lighten up a little
bit that's right where's the rest of the story for crying out loud oh no are you kidding me
one moment please
oh no i printed it out and printed like the first page of it and it's that i know if i knew
how to do it right i don't want to do it right i'm so you that it's like my mother that's right now
if you do this way yeah why do you always do it that way oh yeah but it's so stubborn now
unlike your mom i'm right see what i mean just like your expertise and uh make it guys uh uh
oh here we go here it is i'll just read it one uh pages they come over being hope that the
rest of it shows up let's see the show up no no no it just it doesn't matter for now maybe i'll read
it off the uh monitor how's that so do it when that be safer that's it's pretty far away it's like
inches away both shambackler who became one of the colors footballs great coaches in two decades
of Michigan died Friday after taping a tv show after taping the show on the eve of the Wolverines
number one versus number two show now with print you'll arrive at a little house date he was 77
Mike Dowd chief investigated with the Oakland County Medical Saminers office confirmed
shambackler's death at 1142 a.m. you only meet someone like that once in a lifetime
mission executive associate athletic director mike stevensson told the uh Ann Arbor news
in the history of Michigan athletics nobody had a bigger impact he was passionate bright and an
unbelievable leader he loved michigan shambackler became ill and uh collapsed while taping the show
the big ten ticket at wsy z in south field and was taken by ambulance to an area hospital
immediately but not immediate enough i guess the neater news reporter that shambackler just
before taping the show visited the restroom and collapsed maybe he had too much ice cream like
josh i hope you don't collapse in her next time josh shambackler also was hospitalized
October 20th after becoming ill of the same at the same location maybe he was like allergic to
wsy z which i could understand that police were sent to the station around 925 a.m. along with
the city's fire department and escorted an ambulance to the Providence Hospital south
for least spokesman john haran said hearous whatever see it's far away and i mean what's
the point of reading the rest of the city's dead you know bo shambackler is dead pass it along
pass that we're along to our sports nerds you got it i'm sure they're on top of it they're all
over it like stink on Greg wouldn't you think like stink on power 96 like stink on wicketony when
you come right down to it 1432 votes well if we depoost it we'd have had a shot of 15 today but we
don't want to we don't want to end the week that way especially with George being out next week
now what did we find out about next friday i don't want to start you know playing butch boss
and asking like who the hell is going to be around George ain't going to be there uh Josh isn't
going to be there since he's a tell no one he tells him why Miguel will be here running the board
okay or sitting here and they'll get some other uh flunky for in there Miguel's going to be sitting
in there and Robert greeper's going to be running the board sure no like i said Miguel's going to be
doing the show and Robert's going to be his board op right is the way i'm looking at it yeah in other
words i got off thursday and friday next week is that what you're telling me four day weekend sounds
really good to me boy i can lose a lot in that period of time can you imagine whoo i'll be on next
friday just i don't want i don't want to like uh you know start start playing hooky it's not
good idea not a really good idea because then when you realize how easy it is to do it then you
can do it anytime you feel like oh i don't feel like showing up today you know pull a mat and i
went like when i went to college you know with so much easier to sleep in anymore and then get
up and go to class 1433 votes and i think i did the right thing you know what the hell i need some
stupid as college degree for well what what's the point is this is this the kind of business you
can learn in college right of course not we'll just think of how much more money you'd be making
if you'd gone to college yeah right right just think how much more money we'd all be making if
saw foods wouldn't have got a jail if he wouldn't have had larceny in his heart oh think about that
i'd rather than weep you'll be weeping all weekend so be sure and i don't leave the ice cream
there take it home because you'll need something to calm you down when you start thinking about that
the ice cream will do it something like like in fatso when he started dipping the bread in the
pasta sauce remember that oh yeah and we're all crying over the death of their buddy there you
know the cousin all of a sudden like he started feeling so much better and then he put on the
parmesan cheese on the bread with the a pa the good idea there i was taking notes 1433 votes
which ultra rich person you need despise the most i can't even read the damn poll
rupourt murtok is kicking the competition's ass 420 he's got almost a third of the votes i hate
them all 206 all those people with a big money they won't give any of it to you guys and
either will i vote for a 181 Donald Trump 180 Wayne hyzing a 168 he is sure fallen down the ladder
man i hate this poll 87 6% George Steinbrenner 72 5% Ted Turner 42 2.9% Bill Gates 21 1.4%
i bet you voted for him you voted for a Donald the Donald and Warren Buffett finally got
60 finally got one more they don't even know who to help Warren Buffett is and you know
something who cares who to help cares you Warren Buffett is who is that buffet 153 mr. mad dog
coming up kind of cast a poll over his proceedings would seem to me that bochembrookler died on this
when you think it would cast a poll i'm very i'm sure he's got some pretty good stories
experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz of pompano and don't forget at Mercedes-Benz of
pompano when you buy there it doesn't matter whether it's the beginning of the month the end of
the month or in between because no matter when you buy they always give you the best possible deal
whether it's one of the brand new Mercedes 2000 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedan the 2007 GL class
the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV or there are large selection of certified pre-owned cars
and when you choose Mercedes-Benz of pompano you're going to have over 200 employees working their
ass off providing you incomparable service offering you express lube courtesy vehicles and complement
a car wash too make an appointment through their business development center and don't forget
at Mercedes-Benz of pompano you can even earn these their miles just like you earn frequent
fire miles with your airlines browse Mercedes-Benz of pompano is indoor expo with over 150 new and
free-owned vehicles are going to benzpompto.com B-E-N-Z benzpompto.com experience the difference
at Mercedes-Benz of pompano you'll find them at i95 and copen's road column toll free 1-800
new benz any wb-e-n-z that's 1-800 new benz for Mercedes-Benz of pompano a Mercedes-Benz leader
like no other in history the biggest name sub-best talent the basis wheel roger sports radio 560-U-A-M
it's day of r i if i am a town that's absolutely at 560-W-Q-A-M
oh my god back in the day when someone done us wrong we didn't take their cry no
in for a harbor or when the jabs dropped their bombs we found them bad and now the Saudis
they hit us high and on our cars our little flags wave as that Saudi love and retard voice of
farmers the wrong way i'm going way and other barriers to be in americans where they follow
goes like she the united states of americans and by bushes and the three they got this country
and the late or the largest days and i used to be i don't want to be a packs of americans
in the USA
what's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past
if you want that SUV to drive you're gonna need more gas it's the greatest country in the world
they train us to believe and anyone who says that obviously and afford to be
and i'm embarrassed to be in americans where we take triad and plea
wave a flag in one hand with our head in the sand and lightly follow the powers that be
apathetic and i thought that's a breath of dark washing state front news on a 65 inch screen
scratcher find everything's okay
like them in the USA
bye bye bye
