Get out there right now man beat those big crowds
What are you laughing about you?
Get out there now and beat the mob get there and see a little BP
Yeah, or like I said yesterday and just go up the corner there by us and go to BP and gas up for a hundred bucks
Boy, I don't know what your people are doing there. They got you potted down so low
He sounds like you're on a Pluto you can hear me now. Yeah, I hear you
But I mean like you're on another planet somewhere. I need to put down there. You go. Yeah smoke a little yeah
It's good for your appetite. What a game last night, huh?
Which one are you talking about? Oh certainly not talking about the baseball games. He's but he was like this today, too
What the heat point I don't I don't participate in such garbage. So you're talking about Toronto beating the you bet
Wow the panther one of the most exciting game one of the most nerve-wracking games I've seen in my life
Here guilty when I got Joe Bowen here on TV you think I want to hear guilty. Oh my god. That's embarrassing
That's this degrading
He never even called me to invite me to dinner by the way
Gildi Gildi, yeah
Never called me to say hi. How you doing? How's things but yeah come watch the game with them right nothing zero
That's right. You couldn't invite me come right up there in the press box. Yeah, yeah, well here comes the winning goal and overtime
Is
This but you same at and Maximine I was tell-so guys
Sounds like there were people there.
Yeah, standing were only like every game.
19,000 plus.
And the game didn't mean anything.
What do you mean didn't mean anything?
Lots of the Panthers.
Not to the Panthers, didn't they?
Sure as I'll give us a new and I kind of had to write.
Well, you know Joe, new and I.
Not.
Yeah.
The sun Dean comes up with four goals and two assists.
Nice going Max, baby.
A little bit late, but nevertheless,
at least make it exciting.
And at, yes, I saw some of that crowd.
31,000 308.
That was more than I thought they'd have.
Oh, yeah.
They won't be back.
And I've seen, you know, I have seen better uniforms
in Sandlock games than San Diego.
Well, what is that?
That is the worst looking uniform.
Those guys look like they crawled out of a dumpster.
And they still kicked the crap out of Marlins.
Opening day was still nice, you know that.
We were nowhere at the end.
That's your buddy who was going to be on their Friday morning,
but they didn't tell you about it.
By the way, I don't want you to feel bad personally.
This is good.
You know what they say?
Misery loves company.
Yeah.
It's not you and not only you and Mad Dog,
who's careers are being destroyed by the current regime,
but yours truly as well.
We're all going down together.
It's like being on Titanic.
We're all going down the queue together.
We are.
Now that we got Clare Bell running the show,
real clown.
So there are ice cubes in the water.
We got to be careful.
That's your clown that the normal can't even hung the phone up on him
two nights ago is what I'm here now.
Wow.
And he was going to thanks normal copy of George's counter.
I guess, I guess, Joyce didn't personally come down
and give him a written approval on his wrist.
I don't know what's going on there.
It's unbelievable.
Brian Schmutz came in there to say hi this morning
and had to be paysock.
And I said, hey, you made a bad mistake, Brian.
Came back at the wrong time under the wrong way, Jim.
So I'm going to eat sushi with Greg next time I come down there.
He was here and then this guy.
Yeah, I saw Brian yesterday out the game for Brian.
Oh, and then Miguel tells me that we had our best of Neil stuff
out there at the stadium yesterday.
Of course, nobody told me about it.
So we didn't sell any.
Yeah, I didn't know.
Was there either?
No, of course not.
Nobody knew about it.
It was like Miguel was sitting on it, hatching it.
Like a bird sitting on an egg.
Taking care of him.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're going to take care of your ass.
I'll tell you that right now.
We're going to bring Doreen back just to haunt you.
She was there yesterday.
Get out of here.
She was at our party.
What do you mean she was at your party?
I got to tell you something.
There was a hall of shame lineup at our party.
You know, who else was there?
Noring the fee food.
Probably screw in.
No, but you're close.
Close.
Close.
Perfectly yes.
Can getting closer to screw in then Roy.
How about the old promotion director Sam?
Get out of here.
I wouldn't lie to you.
He had the nerve to go there and snorf free food yesterday?
I saw him with my own eyes.
What a joke.
Brother.
And some of the old sales guys were there.
Zoltin was there.
What the hell is that all about?
It was like a reunion.
He did.
I was a little bit out of here.
Reunion my ass.
There were more ex employees at that party than there were clients.
Well, that's not saying much.
Yeah, well, we don't have a lot of clients.
I remember those days we used to have some.
But yeah, I was amazed to see.
Like we got Duplenzi out there.
He's conducting his own little doctor there.
He was there.
He was there.
He was called a battle of the pizza joints.
He's got gone.
See which he can put him both out of business.
Lunatics.
The inmates.
They've taken over there officially running this island.
But the good news is the Marlon pregame is a 12-3 date.
I talked to two friends of mine yesterday who took both of whom.
I didn't even bring it up.
They just volunteered it.
They said they can't.
They couldn't believe that in the daytime when people actually are awake
and little children are listening to radio.
That we had the crow on before the opening day again.
They couldn't believe it.
Crow was talking about the city manager.
Mr. Aroyo.
Yeah.
His name's Aroyola.
I know that.
Well, he had a couple letters right.
He's thinking of Luis Aroyo.
Pitch for the Yankees, remember him?
Yeah.
Or no banter or a royal to Jockey.
I feel like he had a saved all the whitey for it.
It starts Luis Aroyo, I believe.
Maybe I'm wrong.
I think so.
No, that's right.
Luis Aroyo.
I came and saved it for old whitey.
Yep.
Those were the days, baby.
This baseball player playing now, man.
This is Kaka.
I see that Jeffrey Luria was standing there like a clown behind home plate
before the game.
I didn't...
I didn't know that.
I was on the phone.
What I'd like to have heard the crowd booing his ass.
I don't know.
And then, of course, the shells across the street,
the labastered in the codex, they're still right now.
Oh, yeah, this is a disgrace.
And the people, you're just going to let them go away.
You know something?
Pack them a sandwich.
And now, Jeffrey Luria.
Here's the article by Barry Jackas, which I'm sure you saw.
I don't know if you talked about it.
Though he prefers South Florida owner, Jeffrey Luria.
Reiterated the Marlinsville Explorer.
All relocation options of footing.
San Antonio.
You know what?
Barry's a pimp.
Read my lips, he says.
They're very serious.
Remember last guy that said, read my lips?
I was, he had Luria on the show yesterday for an hour.
Yeah, and what did he say about San Antonio?
On this show, he said that he is willing to meet with anybody here
to try and accomplish a stadium and work with them.
Yeah.
Which is something he had not said previously.
And he said that he had no alleges that maybe he should have gone on the block.
Or royal.
Maybe he could meet with the Whitey Ford and Luria Royal.
You know what?
It's not in the city anymore.
The county is the, you know, he's going to have to deal with.
And he recognized that.
He's willing to sit down with anybody.
I gave up, I gave my suggestion yesterday.
I said, with the county manager needs to do it.
If they want to keep baseball here, treat it like any other business.
You know, Sid Levin and for our friend, used to be the head of the beacon council.
The beacon council's job was to try to attract business here.
They know how to get these things done.
Forget about the city commission.
Go work with them.
And he liked the idea.
He has a little bit of the money.
He can build it.
Yes, it's loaded.
Yeah.
So anyway, he said that.
Antonio Judge Nelson Wolf said yesterday he believes the chances that Amaril is moving to San Antonio are fitty-fitty.
It's exactly what he said, fitty-fitty.
Yeah, well, majorly baseball doesn't want San Antonio.
No, it's too close to Houston.
Houston don't want it either.
Not only that, but it's emphasized to put a team in Hamilton for years and years in Toronto.
So forget about that, eh?
Too small a market.
It's emphasized of this.
And by the way, the mayor in Charlottes says that they can't accommodate another major league team there.
So these people have-
It's just-it's just a threat.
It's just a threat.
And it's not much of a threat when nobody cares, you know?
We're leaving.
Well, guess what?
Have a good time.
And I know something else.
Laurie has said that I thought was kind of interesting.
Oh, they are off a good start though.
Laurie, on our show yesterday, talked about location too.
And they shouldn't just jump into one, you know.
They say it's-
You know, their highly asons really good.
Yeah, exactly.
Look what it did for the track.
There is the guy who can do it.
John Brunetti.
Yeah.
He can build on the stadium and he can screw it up in five minutes or less.
John Brunetti.
Walking curse.
And if he can't do it alone, we can get your buddy, Rale Sanchez to pitch right now.
Ro Martinez.
Martinez, excuse me.
I was thinking of Roe Mone, so Wilson.
Listen, let's not get his name wrong.
I'll come over and beat the crap out of him.
He ain't going to beat the crap out of you.
That's right.
He can't find me.
Oh, God.
I don't hear anybody speaking Spanish here, man.
It's one of the-
Or French.
Probably who get lost.
Everybody's speaking English.
All the Chinese people speak English and the Indian people and all the packies and the
Filipinos.
Everybody's speaking English here.
Maybe not so well, but at least they know they got to do it.
They don't put up with that crap.
Anything else today?
Well, we got a short show.
You know, we only got two and a half hours.
I am very depressing to me today and again tomorrow.
How's the weather?
How's the weather in hot springs, Arkansas?
I already told you the weather.
I'm not going to go that way.
He did, he did.
It's fine.
He gave you a real good report.
You know, 80s.
I mean, I got a cold.
You know, it's no end of the world.
Come on now.
I'll give you a real good news there.
I got a cold in New York, so I need one.
You won't get a cold in 82 or 84, whatever the hell's going to be.
It's going to be sunny and beautiful there.
By the way, happy Passover to you.
Yeah, happy Pesos to you.
You don't need too much Motsin hot springs.
Well, that's right.
You're not going to Friday.
Yeah, there won't be any Motsin.
Well, you know, yeah, sure.
I'm going tomorrow.
I bet you there's a, oh, you're leaving tomorrow.
There's a deli on every street corner there.
In hot springs, yeah.
Yeah, right.
Right, just like in Geneva, New York.
A deli on every street corner.
I bet you they don't even have ribred in it.
Just like in sweet water.
No, it's not allowed there.
Have Gary Sarnagov with you and Katie Royal your meals.
Make sure they're kosher soon or rotten hell along with all those goy-em.
Yes.
Well, listen, I saved trip tomorrow.
Now, who's anybody, who's running an American saw a Derby?
Good horse, the lawyer Ron.
He's very highly regarded.
Remember the last two, three year olds of the year came out of that race.
Thank God lawyer Ellis isn't running in that race.
He'd probably break down.
Ellis Rubin?
He's really doing it, you know?
Yeah.
Remember, Ronny Zamora, who just got out here short time ago.
Sure, Ellis.
Now, I think Ronald Tate is going in where Ronny was hanging out for 25 years.
Could have been worse.
Yeah, he's going out in life.
It's amazing to show you how long we both bit around here.
When I first came to town to KAT, that was right when the Ronny Zamora case was going.
After he killed, who was it, his grandma or the old lady, whoever it was?
I just remember the defense, the television.
Yeah, the TV intoxication.
And at that time, everybody including me, Ripon, Ellis and As, and deservedly so.
And now, Ronny Zamora finally got out after 25 years.
Everybody worked well, Ellis.
And now, Ronald Tate is going to go to the pizza-tap.
Speaking of pizza-tap.
If he's going to go in for like 60 years, how come the other guy don't go in there?
Yeah.
Sixty years for being a Pai burglar.
It seems, sounds reasonable to me.
Oh, for me.
Yeah.
If anybody deserves it, he was the guy.
Well, they warned us before he came to town.
They said, boy, this guy, he's so bad, he can't get arrested in a panty rate.
Oh, and speaking of that, you know, all these times have been letting you off the hook
because I keep forgetting, being old and senile, about Duke.
Yeah.
You're on the mother.
Yes, I'm proud.
You ought to be proud.
Forty-seven guy has raped that poor chick, and then her brother gets up there yesterday.
Wow.
You know, we're all talking about, she's a stripper and this is, yeah, how come nobody says she's a mother
and a hard worker and all this other crap?
Duke lacrosse never got so much attention.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, this is a way to get on the map for lacrosse.
You know, lacrosse in the US isn't very big.
It's amazing.
That's the ESPN has two guys reporting from every day from the campus.
Yeah.
Two guys.
Well, this is the big story of New York.
This is replaced.
You know, why the hell we want to talk about the fact that we're going to, you know, nuke Iran.
That's not important when we got the rape story of Duke.
Well, the ESPN, I can, but you know, they can understand it.
They can understand it.
Chicken and rubah.
So how about the ESPN and very bonds?
What do you think with baseball seasons starting out to be a bigger story still?
Barry bonds is got his own show.
Does he really?
Yeah.
He's still there.
They've got a reality show with Barry bonds.
They're bigger than the T.O. show across the street there.
It has to be just to get his face on the camera.
But, you know, ABC this morning, I can't hear what they were doing, but they had an attorney on air
talking about the Duke with cross-theme in that case.
I mean, it's the most overkill story.
That's correct.
It's the hysterical story, do jurors.
I mean, it picks one out every few days and they go with it.
Yeah.
And we're supposed to get all ripped up about it.
I couldn't give a crap less.
It's not going to make me contribute anymore money to Duke or any less money.
Anyway, the world can't believe that we had the crow on and broad daylight before opening day.
The only day of the whole year that the Marlins are going to have a crow, we had the crow on here.
Putting your worth foot forward.
Well, listen, a good luck job, honey.
I mean, good luck on your trip to Arkansas.
Thank you, sir.
Find something for me, too, while you're at it, by the way.
Some of them are a little cheap.
You know, ventured into that part of the country at one point.
You went to Nashville.
The Nashville for one month.
Yeah.
That was the longest month of my lifetime.
I remember a cast percent here, right?
Yeah.
No, he didn't send me there.
I volunteered a holder because he went, he went to take over that station.
Great station, WLAC, 50,000 Watts in Nashville.
John Richberg used to be on that station, remember?
Yeah.
The 50s, that was 50,000 Watts.
You get here all over the country.
It was the old soul R&B.
It was on the first rock and roll stations, but back in that day it was R&B.
And the number one sponsor was Tom Aide.
That stuff that you put, the dark folks put in there here, whatever that stuff was.
Like Vaseline for your hair.
At any rate, we made it into news and talk.
WLAC Nashville.
And we were getting calls from like 40, I think we had calls from 40 states.
Because at nighttime, I was out of the night.
You could do that station all over the place.
I remember that.
One month.
That's all I could handle Nashville, man.
All right.
My landlady, she said, oh, you're going to love Nashville.
There's two kinds of people.
There's people from Nashville.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying Jews.
You get in there.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
And there's people from New York, which was her way of saying it.
So I picked a rope and one rope.
It's a rope and a rope.
And then also clean the laundry with the clothes and laundry.
And then just pop out, and then just pop out a blanket.
That's phảier ban.
It sure does.
I mean I wished there wasn't waterứng school district, so I thought the doorbell was
just a fluorescent church building, so I thought the door bell was Clarke.
We won the World's Fairies!
We won the World's Fairies!
Hi, I'm David Samson, and I'll use this out like this until I met that queen of filbert cops.
I'm looking for a new home for my world's champion, Marlonne, and I don't like sharing a stadium with fake fake football players.
I had my heart set on a new stadium, but my dreams were all dashed because of that tank-cell bird.
Well, it's not going to happen now, and it's all your fault, Hank.
All your fault!
Some certain will be welcomed as literators with flowers and candy in the new city like Samsonneau.
Put that you think, Puyman, Smokin' Ha.
If you don't want Marlonne anymore, I'll just take them home with me, open my house to play in my own backyard.
Put that in your lost column, slide us, and remember, there's nothing more important than life than the grab-ass-cigarie of man on man's fort.
Look, before a home, for the Marlonne, or a home of Odeon.
Oh, oh!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Josh was right. That was worth the sluffin' down to get the disc for. Thank you so much.
Yes.
Miguel, by the way, is an idiot, and Miguel is right there as a matter of fact. We're not going to rip him behind his back.
I'll be more unhappy to rip him to his face. He tells me that they had the CDs out there at the ballpark yesterday, but of course he says nobody asked for him.
That's because nobody, including me or anybody else, just like Hank said, knew that they were there.
But we can have Mouthair today for ya. Not that there's going to be anybody at the ballgame, but we can have those disc out there. We can raise thousands there, everywhere.
Five more American soldiers have been killed, and Iraq, including three killed North of Baghdad, the US military says.
So just keep that calculator up, keep telling him up. Just numbers on a page somewhere.
10, 16, and 5, 60, and WQM, we got the big Marlonne's game. We got the pregame of 12, 30. No Crow today, thank the Lord. Oh, man.
Marlonne's in Padre's 105, with those nasty, pasty Padre uniforms. They look like little, little league uniforms.
Mad Dog follows the ballgame, and then Hurricane stuff tonight. Curtis 8 o'clock and Eddie K. 10.
Hurricane stuff, only 7 to 8. Thank the Lord for that.
I've been telling you about dial amateurs for about 100 years now. They're outstanding service.
Have you ever thought that dialing 1-800 metros on the phone was easy? Check them out on the road.
You'll see the extensive product line from Sicily.
Surtov, Simmons, King Coral, temperedic, and Stearns, and Foster Hewitt. You'll also see photos, prices, and a whole lot more.
You can do the whole ordering process online or active visit dial amateurs call 1-800-Matras.
Place your order, you'll schedule delivery anytime it's convenient for you, and they show up to our window that you pick any day of the week.
Right now, take advantage of dial amateurs is great 12-month financing program.
When you call dial amateurs 1-800-Matras, you get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during their so-called big sales.
Call right now 1-800-Matras. It's the official, Mattras Company, my show dial amateurs call them and speak with an expert vetting consultant or log on to mattress.com to guarantee yourself the best sleep you've had in a long, long time.
1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1
800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 2-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. One-800-Matras.com. 1-800-Matras.com. Ah.
if they ever start showing up. What do you think?
Sure, why not? Don't forget Miguel says we got a whole bunch of those about 30.
Not 30!
Two hasn't t-shirts out there. Does it get F?
Yep.
For the second game. We had 31,000.
All season long. All season long maybe.
Anywhere anybody ever sees the van.
Just crash into it and we'll give you a CD.
Okay.
Here's the poll results speaking to those CDs. Why didn't or won't you buy
Neils anniversary CD and or T-shirt? 1453 total. A lot of liars.
Oh I did. I did buy it. 257. 24 and a half percent. At least we got that
percentage down from the grotesque lie that it was beginning to show yesterday.
About 30.
About 30, man.
But even 24 and a half percent. I mean, is there anybody who believes that?
No.
Why didn't I have to lie about it? Did I think we're going to come there
house and beat him up or something?
It's right, I mean, you feel better.
But it doesn't make me feel better that they lie or it made me feel better if they bought
it not that they lie about it. Liars.
Too cheap. I'm too cheap. 276. That I respect. Okay. Because we know most of you.
I don't want that Schmidt. 239. That crap.
I hate this poll 157. I don't have any cash. 129.
Please no more charity. Stick. 113. That's what I voted for. No moss. Please.
Neils not here to sign it. That's what my girl said. It's my fault. 89.
Well, yeah.
Well, what does that have to do with anything? Whether I'm there to sign it.
People want to see you. I don't want to see them.
Stool to see. They downloaded it. They burned it. They lifted it. They've turned.
Liars. 39. What? Liars. What do you mean liars?
I've tried that. You can't find it anywhere.
Yeah, but in other words, you don't think people actually buy one and they burn a whole bunch of
them for their friends. Well, if they're doing that, then they're bastards.
Well, yeah, but at least they admit it. But in other words, you don't know that that goes on.
Of course, they're bastards. Man, you're living in a, of course, what do you expect from you?
Yeah, it sucks 27. It's a giant. There and he leaves. No, I'm here, man. I don't know how he's
baking over you. Oh, okay. Excuse me. Don't want to interrupt your brain. No, I'm here, man.
The CD sucks 27 and don't give the charity 27. So that's what the youth folks had to say.
It makes it ugly picture. And again, won't tell me how much money we got. That's because he and the
God that's doing the thing and probably giving it up. So be sure and send a lot of money because
Miguel can use it. Well, yeah. Here's today's pool. Who is the weakest link on QA and we're
talking about on the year? I didn't put myself on here because obviously that would be over and
above the call. I don't mind taking some punishment on the polls, but that would be a little bit silly.
When you think, yeah, the weakest link on QA and 570 votes. Lenny Martez, 136 Lenny Martez. Now,
you notice now that we got the new management, we don't put the people with the bad voices on
here anymore. Oh, that's right. I forgot. Yes, we do. Even more than we used to put them on.
So it's got nothing to do with who the comma the day is or the general manager do's your,
I should have said, leave off the last asset stands for Sundine. But unfortunately in South
Florida, they wouldn't know Matt's Sundine from Floor Matt. So why would I say that? Lenny Martez 138,
the Crow 124 who was on right there in the middle of the daytime yesterday before the
Martin's opening day game when we might have been a little bit of interest and there might have
been a few people listening and we actually had him on here. So you know, this is all a clearance
thing, you know, strictly clearance being the kind of the year.
Hey, we rent, we rent, many remeres at the big old red blowers in there. Yeah. He blows all right.
The only one on nine, very strong and respectable third. That's why we got him on the air so much
as close people see there's the three worst voices on the radio station. Lenny Martez,
the Crow and Gully all off there with over 100 votes. Isn't that interesting when you ask who's
the weakest link, the audience knows. They know those three people right there who don't belong
on the air to say hello, maybe to say goodbye once, but not to say nothing else. George has got 71,
it's because a lot of people hate him like poison, but he's he's coming along. Kim Bo Camper 39,
Hank 36, the big old 18, Curtis 14, 80K 11 and mad dog 10. Let's see Curtis only has 14 votes.
Is that a sign? Yeah, it's a sign that the audience don't mind Curtis on the air.
It does a pretty good job and he's not over the edge of 100 and he's not Jewish and that they
wouldn't mind hearing him. That's what we have Gully on all the time, two to four. While they're still
dragging their heels, trying to figure out how they're going to make a chopperly rod of dog crap.
You know, but that's the new Clarebell routine, man. We got a real bunch of clowns running this
joint. If you don't believe me, just ask Joyce. She's on vacation though. Joyce, she's going on
vacation permanent. We can only hope. Don't worry, I hope you're playing dog crash, Joyce. And by the
way, I think she's going on the same plane with Catherine Harris. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16.8.
They caught him!
Now the son of Lady has been choking Duke of Faith. I heard the truck in South New
Danube was there as they say. I've got a trailer for the next news.
Trolley crossed the border just today. Now one small one took me with Foxy. Dark ones and both of us
were green around their jeep. I've got a trailer for all of them to choose. If I could kill them now, I could be rich.
All right, made a king the mine, risking the life, and earned a bump in now, we're digging a ditch.
Just to earn a bump in now, we're digging a ditch. This is one bump in now, we're digging a ditch.
The one who's got a smart will work for a wallmark. We're about to save a digging a ditch.
I've got a trailer for the next news. So we're seeing one out of the seven of my dead.
Come on come on come on come on
This is my��iotess
glasses from all of my dead-
I got a bullet
This isn't enough to worry today
Don't worry both of you or me
Are just an integral way
They can learn a bump in now
We're taking the day, let's go back to now, we're taking the day,
soon to go for the meal of labor and jobs,
we're going to get for Mr. Boyle-Daw.
OK, so let me ask you this.
Have all these ex-employees were there at this big shunday.
How about Greg?
Was he there yesterday at the opening day?
He's got an ex-employee.
Oh, he sent his buddy Sam, his adopted grandson.
Well, he's still a consultant.
Who's Sam?
Sam?
I don't know if he's a consultant, but I bet he's still on the payroll.
593 votes, who is the weakest link on Q?
I'm speaking of weak links, there's Condor Leaser.
When did it reach?
Oh, man, is she a nasty-looking bitch?
Brother.
All right, Stockter writes to you.
By the way, how's your girlfriend doing, Condor?
Lane Marches 146, the Crow 126, Geldy 112.
George 75, he's down a little bit more toward the middle of the pack,
even though a lot of people hate him like poison.
Kimba Voguehamper 40, Hank 38, the big O19.
Curtis only 15.
They like Curtis, that's why we don't put him on very much.
Eddie K. 13 and the Mad Dog only 11, of course.
I don't even know why I put the Mad Dog on there.
Well, of course, after that last trend, you know.
They're destroying as many careers as they possibly can.
600 votes, even.
We won't make no thousand during the show today.
But Josh has volunteered being the good guy
that he is who's very involved in the show, at least temporarily.
He's volunteered to sit there until two o'clock.
That's what I'm going to do.
Right, even after the ball game starts,
it's 1230, the pre-game show, because he wants to make sure
that we get that thousand votes by two.
So just keep tapping the votes out to make good Josh happy.
I don't really give a crap.
I'll be at woodmine plunging my gutza.
In fact, let's see, 600, that's probably how much
I'll be down by about two o'clock.
I'm sure.
Maybe more.
How do you know that?
Why are you so negative?
Maybe I'll find a good machine mine.
Why don't you take a quick call or two?
Let's, like, hype up a couple of calls on here.
Quick, five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
And then I'll get to my pile and we'll be out of here.
This is the kind of show we can really sink our teeth into.
Just stop and think about this.
This is what Mandage does, everything.
What Hank used to do, are we?
Well, he's still Hank, there's only three hours.
The more he's like, we're doing only two hours.
Another plane to catch.
Two and a half hours a day, man.
We can do the best damn shows in history here every single day.
Two and a half.
Sounds like a deal to make.
Oh!
I'll extend my contract to a year 2525 for two and a half hours
a day.
I like it a lot.
Same money, of course.
Josh gets a big fat raise.
How are you coming on the Georgia's contract?
Oh my God.
Yeah, I'm just talking in general like I genericly to the human race.
Dominic QYM, hello.
QYM.
Dominic QYM, hello.
QYM.
Neil, good morning.
Yes.
Neil, yesterday you had read an article regarding
that impeachment article.
You still there?
Is this Reverend Jones' boyfriend?
No, you thought it was Reverend Jones yesterday.
That's the second time I come up.
You're exactly the same.
You sound just like him.
I'm sorry.
I didn't take a book.
No, that article.
Do you remember who I mean?
It's not like him.
Yeah, I'm going to add in here.
Go look at the archives.
Go look online.
OK, do I remember?
Of course not.
Jesus, God almighty.
What about the article you read about?
The 14th of December 2004.
Do you remember that?
That was really very poignant and important.
Can you tell me who wrote it and where I can find it
and where I can stick it?
Right there.
Get out of here.
I got to write he.
Yeah, I got to write my hand.
OK, the article too, schmuck.
Get out of here.
70 QYM, your friendly station.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I have an idea to, uh,
accuse up your, your rating numbers.
Yeah.
Don't play no more Marlon games, man.
No, nobody's putting a lot of them in here.
Nobody likes them, Marlon's man.
We're going to start in a 1030.
We don't care about ratings anymore,
because we don't have them left anyhow.
We're all done.
Everybody on the station is done.
Thanks to, thanks to Clara Bell and his partner
in crime, their clearance.
Clarence, who of course, didn't buy the coming in this morning.
Here, Robert Grieper have a little,
they're holding a little meat in the conference room.
567, 0560.
They have a little sit down in each other's lap.
And pound 560, and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
That was quite a line to give me, but Robert Grieper
and have Gildi call me yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
What a joke that is.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Then we find out that Gildi is even cheaper than Rimmer,
which I couldn't believe that.
QAM, hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
First thing, come to the series, all right.
So we can enjoy you.
Number two, Marlon, we're done for Marlon games,
so I can make sure you get a parking spot.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
I got two things.
Yes, sir.
Last week, a woman kept calling you.
Right, that bitch.
You were being stalked after a fashion.
Anyhow, there's just a book out about the World Trade Center.
Did you hear about it?
About how it's not possible that the gift you want
could have melted to you?
Sir, I got a story here.
You must be psychic.
Physicist says heat substance caused the World Trade Center
to fall.
Yes, sir.
That's one.
Got it right here.
OK, thank you so much.
I'll lie to you in there.
It's not about a book, but if I
look, I'm going to read it right now.
And that's a good segue.
So I have to waste my time with these stupid calls.
But anyway, it shows you the phone work today anyway, right?
Yeah.
Well, I don't have time for a lot of calls today.
We only got an unload.
Like less than two more hours.
Oh, but they're also great.
The calls?
Yeah, I'll tell you what, you take them off the ear.
How's that?
In fact, I got an idea since you like the calls so much.
How about you start screening them today?
He's never screened the call yet.
That's terrible.
I screened the screen one call.
No, never.
First of all, OK, don't listen to this guy who's
never on the show.
I was on the show, I screened it.
Yeah.
Flyer.
I'm not lying.
Uh-oh.
I think we're going to hit his ear as a sissy fight.
I'm going to hit his sissy fight.
I'll come in there.
Yeah.
You're going to come in there.
And I'm afraid to think what he's going to do to you.
Anyway, here's the story.
Just a quick sidetrack of me.
OK, just because he don't want to hear it.
I don't care what they're saying again.
I said it on the US name.
Would you sit in there right now?
I'm going to be there the rest of the week.
I don't care whether you like this story.
I don't do the show for you.
I'm going to be there the rest of the week for it.
Grandpa is talking to the Kakarov.
We are back.
Please enjoy your lunch.
See you.
a side road right?
Yeah.
Hopefully you'll find it said for yourself when you have our
I see some very much fondness on that one.
Let me just tell you a couple of things that e.g.
I've had a bunch of great movies during the last five Women
Wednesday, Easter Sunday, and then of course with the Jews we got paysocks.
Have to have a little something for everybody.
One of the Muslims celebrating besides another terrorist act.
See, that's what they got going now.
I don't know if they have all that many holidays.
Maybe we can redo Ramadan.
616, maybe we can get to 700 by closing time at 1230, can't we?
Let's get the crow on again today, what do you say?
Really put us out of business.
Seriously, I talk to people yesterday who were just a guest.
They couldn't believe it.
They figured, well, maybe on a weekend you put that on.
On a weekend when nobody would be listening to the radio and everybody sleeping like about
5 in the morning on a Sunday morning, he'd be okay.
But right there in broad daylight, in the middle of the day we put the crow on the air.
I'll tell you man, this new guy, even Miguel, I take that back, because Miguel's got
some kind of a title.
Even Josh Corteson right there has got more authority.
He can get more done than our new general man.
How do you like that?
So you know something?
Make your own deal.
That's what I would do.
Yeah.
I'd have a, yeah, I'd just type it up.
That's all, type it up and send it over there and just slip it on by.
It wouldn't be the first time.
Just tell him, this is what your new wage is going to be starting retroactive to whenever
and just make your own deal.
Because yeah, you know, this guy, talking about a straw boss, my God, just pathetic.
Anyway, I guess we got to do the break because I don't want to get behind you today because
we got some very important music to go up to the ball.
We're back in town.
Well, I would say the boys are back in town, but these boys, other than Don Trell and
the Cabrera, these are guys that nobody ever heard of before.
I mean, we're supposed to be proud of the fact that they put a little league team out there
in the field.
It's lost five out of there for a six and will never, ever, ever come close to when in
70 games.
That kind of was on with that promo with Hank.
Oh, brother, 70 games might be for two seasons.
Okay.
Now we're talking a chance.
And they have the the goal is David Samson, man, talk about a guy with like,
wait, does he have a lot of clips about a nerve chewing people off or not going to pay
money to see that crap?
If you were paying them money, they still wouldn't show up you idiot.
They have a they have a fire sale.
They trade away everybody and others rumors about Don Trell may get traded too.
Do you see those rumors?
Obviously he will.
Yeah, well, there you go.
I can't afford to pay that.
It's got like 1500 people showing up again.
Even here with a crappy blue jays man, blue jays have one anything in about 100 years
and so it's glorious two years they had.
Remember those years as Indian years ago?
The Joe Carter years.
Who?
You don't know Joe Carter.
Oh, Joe Carter.
Yeah, don't start talking with some kind of an accent.
Okay, don't do accents.
So Carter, next you're going to be talking about what's his name?
Gary Carter.
Gary Carter.
Good board again.
Rumors, good buddy.
Probably bought rumor a lot of meals.
Good board again.
Christian, Gary Carter.
Well, you know what?
Great.
Keep it to yourself.
Okay, just like my neighbor Cindy.
Keep it to yourself.
Pray to the Lord.
Okay.
24, 7, around the clock.
Jesus Christ.
Keep the answer.
I keep Jesus in your heart and out of my face.
This is Neil Rogers.
Welcome.
This is 516 Q.A.
Who's going to get Ricky a blow?
Welcome to the Mohamedi David and Gregory Law Center.
How can I help you today?
I'm not, I'm not.
I'm not spilling.
I ain't got all day.
I forgot.
How the hell you expect to make me into doing these things there for you?
Do what for me?
Whatever it is that today.
Didn't you wake under radio?
It could be.
I must have blocked it out.
Who are you?
Never mind that.
What are you doing here?
I didn't know I was.
Well, you are now.
So where?
Welcome to the Mohamedi David and Gregory Law Center.
How can I help you today?
I said to you.
What's that you always said that to?
I can't think that I don't know.
What?
What?
What?
What?
Did this maybe we ought to get a job in sports radio?
Certainly.
What makes you so sure?
Your hand is rubbing my leg.
Why?
Why?
Wait a minute.
What was I going to do?
You are up.
Now, that reminds me.
What?
1045 at 560.
That would have been good for Gildi to come by.
Could have given him a big kiss on the cheek.
A Brigham Young University physicist said he now believes an incendiary substance called
Thurmite.
Most of my sulfur was used to generate exceptionally hot fires at the World Trade Center on 911, causing
the structural steel to fail in the buildings to collapse.
It looks like Thurmite was sulfur-rated, which really is a very clever idea, Stephen Jones.
Professor of physics at BYU told a meeting of the Utah Academy of Science Arts and Lawyers
at Snow College on Friday.
The government requires standard explosives to contain tag elements and enable them to
be traced back to the manufacturers, but no tags are required in aluminum and iron oxide.
The materials used to make Thurmite, he said, nor are he said our tags required in sulfur.
Jones' co-chairman, James H. Fetzer, a distinguished professor of philosophy at the University
of Minnesota scholars for 911 Truth, a group of college faculty members who believed conspirators
other than pilots of the planes were directly involved in bringing down the twin towers.
The group which Jones had as 200 members maintains a website at st911.org.
st911.org.
A 40-page paper by Jones along with other peer-reviewed non-reviewed academic papers are posted
on that site.
What's the site again?
st911.org.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Last year, Jones presented various arguments for his theory that explosives or incendiary
devices were planted in the trade towers and in the World WTC-7 building, the smaller
building in the trade center complex, and that those materials not transcrushing into
the building's cause the buildings to collapse.
At that time, he mentioned Thurmite is the possible explosive or incendiary agent, but
Friday, he said he's increasingly convinced that Thurmite and sulfur were the root causes
of the 911 disaster.
He told college professors and graduate students from throughout Utah gathered for the Academy
meeting that while almost no fire, even one admitted by jet fuel, can cause structural
steel to fail, the combination of Thurmite and sulfur slices through steel like a hot knife
through butter.
He ticked off, that's like the kind of butter you put on your matza.
He ticked off several pieces of evidence for his Thurmite fire theory.
First, he said, video showed a yellow molten substance splashing out the side of the South
Trade Tower about 50 minutes after an airplane hit it and a few minutes before collapsed.
Government investigators ruled out the possibility of melting steel being the source of the material
because of the unlikely of steel melting.
The investigators said the molten material must have been aluminum from the plane.
But said Joe, I'm a Joe, and the molten aluminum is silvery.
It never turns yellow.
The substance observed in the video just isn't aluminum.
He said that he said Thurmite can cause steel to melt and become yellowish.
Second, he said a video picture showing white ash rising from the South Tower near dripping
liquefied material metal.
When Thurmite burns, Joe, and said it releases aluminum oxide ash, the presence of both
yellow white molten iron and aluminum oxide ash, our signature characteristics of a Thurmite
reaction he'd be saying.
Another item of evidence, Joe said, is the fact that software traces were found in structural
steel recovered from the Trade Towers.
Joe quoted in the New York Times as saying, softetization into the recovered steel was perhaps
the deepest mystery uncovered in the official investigation.
But he said, softetization fits the theory that software was combined with Thurmite to
make the Thurmite burn even harder than it ordinarily would.
Joe said in other words, it was harder than hell, literally.
Joe said a piece of the building wreckage had a gray substance on the outside that at
one point it obviously had been dripping molten metal or liquid.
He said that after Thurmite turns steel or iron into molten form and the metal hardens
it is gray.
He added that pools of molten metal were found beneath both Trade Towers and the 47th
Story WTC-7.
That fact he said was never discussed in official investigation reports.
And even though WTC-7 wasn't connected to the Trade Towers, in fact there was another
building between it and the Towers and even though it was never hit by a plane, it still
collapsed.
That suggests he said that he came down because of a Thurmite fire caused by a structural
steel to fail.
Joe said his studies are confined to physical causes of the collapses and doesn't like
to speculate about who might have entered the buildings and placed Thurmite in the
sulfur.
But he said 10 to 20 people in the know plus other people who didn't know what they were
doing but did what they were told could have placed in 10 to 20 air packages over a
period of several weeks.
That's what he is saying.
I don't think the government would lie to us today.
Oh no.
Isn't that interesting?
What a segue into a Doug Thompson's article on Capitol Hill Blue today.
Well, I better talk real fast as we only got till 1230.
What kind of a bogus-much of crap is that?
Man, can you imagine how those Marling Rady ratings are going to goose up our number?
Wow.
Almost as much as those Hurray came basketball games.
Man, I think there ought to be an asterisk on those deals.
644 votes, who's the weakest link on QAM?
Lenny Marte is 157.
The Crow 137 and Geldie 118.
Just people who can't speak, no speak, can't, George 83.
Can Bo camper 45?
Hank 40.
Big O 22.
Curtis only 18.
Any K 13, Mad Dog 11.
They seem like Curtis quite a bit, don't they?
Yes, they seem to.
And we all seem to think he does a really good job on here.
So we don't want to put him on too much, although he will be on 8 to 10 tonight.
The audience likes him, so let's put Geldie on every day.
I think what they're trying to do, maybe somebody gave them a number to beat.
The new crew, what do you mean?
In other words, we bet you guys couldn't break a two on the bottom side, on the downside,
like an office pool, you know?
As you know, you want to bet?
Because in the last trend, morning drive and afternoon drive, both of them, we in that
month, whatever was, what was it February?
Yes, we broke the two on the downside.
If you would have told me that I said, oh, yeah, right, no chance.
Well, we did it.
My David Samsung would say we done it.
We did it!
We did it!
Yeah, thanks, David.
Back in the box.
Doug Thompson, in fact, what was I just saying about your government would lie to you?
The headline of the article is, lies, dam, lies, and George W. Bush.
No doubt about it, George W. Bush is lying, rotten, petrized, soulless destruction of
a once great nation called America's Now Open for All to See.
He's doing America can like what Joe Bell is doing at QAM.
Bush is not just a liar.
He's a serial liar who avoids truth at all costs because facts don't support his perverted
twisted view of the world.
Truth exposes his corrupt administration and lays bare as many crimes against American
people and the Constitution of the USA.
Impeachment, not too good for this low life, arrest the son of a bitch, lead him from the
White House in chains, parade him down Pennsylvania Avenue and then lock him in stocks
on the Washington Mall, so everyone can see what happens when they want to think they're
above the law of the land.
Today's Washington Post lies out yet another example of how Bush lied to the American people
detailing a deliberate White House pattern of misinformation on the so-called, biological
warfare trailers captured soon after American forces invaded Iraq.
Turns out the trailers had nothing to do with biological warfare and cellulants officers
in the field knew what they told the White House.
Yet Bush ignored the truth and went before the American people to claim otherwise, trumpeting
the trailers as proof that sought to possess weapons of mass destruction.
The good old WMDs.
I hate to admit it, but it appears clear the president of the US is a pathological liar
says political scientists George Harley who worked in the Nixon and Reagan administrations.
His pattern of deception exceeds anything we saw in the Nixon era.
Members of Congress, Republican and Democrat admit the same thing, shaking their heads in
disbelief while talking privately with supporters and political strategists.
The biggest threat any Republican running for election or re-election this year faces
is not from the Democrats, but from the president.
Says the GOP political consultant who for obvious reasons begs for anonymity please.
George W. Bush is a major liability Republicans in the midterm election he said.
When news broke last week that Bush personally authorized a White House campaign of leaks
aimed at discrediting Ambassador Joe Wilson, a campaign that led to the outing of Wilson's
wife, Republicans scrambled for cover.
Sunday top show producers tried without success to fight a Republican willing to go on near
and defend the president.
The only Republican who did appear, Maverick's Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Inspector,
didn't defend Bush's actions because instead on both the president and the vice president
to come clean about their roles in the CIA leaked debacle.
Bush's actions clearly have led Republicans in uncomfortable and untenable positions.
Harley says they don't want to alienate voters by aligning themselves too closely
with an increasingly unpopular president, but they've also got to be careful not alienate their
GOP base. Poles, however, show the GOP base dwindling, as more just like our numbers here at
the way and dwindling as more and more Republicans realize they've been had by the Charleston
and chief.
Even die-hide Republicans find it harder and harder to defend their corrupt and morally
bankrupt leader admitting privately that the presidency of George W. Bush will go down
in history as a monumental failure surpassing those dark days of Richard M. Nixon, tricky
dick.
The Nixon administration is now for 30 years.
In the baseline to measure failure in Republican parties, says Harley, no more.
George W. Bush has lowered the bar.
Now, interesting.
Wasn't I just talking about that?
Just like Bill was lower the bar QIM.
Yes, sir.
And so was George W. Bush in terms of life.
Oh, I speak in a lying Republicans.
Now, did you put this out?
I'm sure you did because I sent it to you.
You always put them on.
Yeah.
By an encolter.
Yes, I did.
The discovery, huh?
I forgot what the title was, but.
Ancolter is the loniest floor of voter registration application.
That's right.
That one.
I got to take a drink.
So kids, that's what happened when you try to talk to a fast because you got a stupid
pregame show coming up at 1230.
GOP darling seems to be the latest in a growing list of Republicans who choose to ignore
the rule of law.
And then it's got a copy of the oath that you have to whisper to and sign.
That's the oath next to the signature of an encolter who on 615-05, filled out a Florida
voter registration application form, as obtained exclusively by the Brad blog, after purchasing
a new $1.80 million house at 242 C.B.R.U.S. Avenue in Palm Beach County in March 2005.
The warrant he deed for the house was signed over to Coder on March 30th, 2005.
March 30th.
By the previous owner, Eric Stonestrom and his wife, Lucinda Pascolle, so the Stonestrom.
In February of this year, Josie Lambead, our good old buddy Josie.
Remember him, vaulted in a geek?
Yeah.
Miguel Wood.
Is Miguel there?
Yeah.
He leaves.
No, I don't know.
Why?
Josie Lambead, the Palm Beach Post reported that cotered the extremist Republican columnist
and author seems to have committed voter fraud by registering and then voting in a Palm Beach
photo-president in which she does not live.
She registered to vote for reasons which still remain unclear at the address of her realtor,
Susan Frisbee.
Well, maybe she's tossing that Frisbee around a little bit.
You never know.
She had a husband that we know of, and now, boyfriend?
No.
God bless you.
I have a boyfriend, Miss Floyd.
Somebody could go out with that.
Miss Floyd.
You're fair.
Cotered is maintained when asked about the incident during recent public appearances that the
report is a lie, and she doesn't even live in Palm Beach.
Lambead has since characterized these denial by Cotered is absolutely a bold-faced lie.
Bull-faced-ed.
Various information obtained by the Brad Blog, however, would seem to back up Lambead's
account which shows the liar in the matter is, in fact, Cotered.
The radical darling of GOP speaking in fundraising circuit did in fact purchase a house at 242 Cbrees
Drab and Palm Beach is reported correctly by the Palm Beach Cotered property appraiser's
website and confirmed by several different sources, including the warranty, D10, March 30,
2005.
Meanwhile, Colter's official Florida voter registration application form received from
the office of the Palm Beach Cotered election supervisor confirms that she specified
999 Indian Road as her legal residence despite never having lived there.
And this goes on and on.
It's got copies of all the documents and all the photos of them, et cetera.
If you want to go back to the link of the original article there from Ross Story and the
Brad Blog, good old Ann Cover, not nothing we didn't know that she's another compulsive
BS artist in life, just full of it.
Just like all of our winners, and of course there's so much holier and better than the rest
of us.
Of course.
We know that, don't we?
1056, my god, is it only an hour and a half away from pregame showtime?
Holy crap, rat man.
Can you believe that?
Oh, yeah, I believe it.
Man, we better just move this baby right along.
663 votes.
I think we got a shout at 800 by 1230.
What do you say?
Should we make that our goal?
Sounds good.
800 by 1230.
I was making a thousand, so I don't have to sit here after the show.
Let's push it.
I don't think McGill needs to sit there from the rest of the time, do you?
No, what do you want, what do you want, what do you want, what do you want, you don't
need to be there now?
You probably could do something constructive.
Like, I want to lunch early, go to the ballpark.
Go sell some CDs.
What?
Yeah, he should.
He should do something, but you don't need to be sitting there like some kind of a prisoner
like your paying penance for being a jackass.
You don't have to do that.
We like a person who's just business, you suck.
Go do another appearance of one of those places in Little Evander with all your people.
Okay, all of them greed toothle with Ramon Sahu Sanchez.
And Mary, Mary S. Egrissi S.
By the way, somebody called an asses to do whatever happened her.
Would you know since that's right up your alley?
Oh, yeah, I know.
Mary S. Egrissi S.
Whatever happened to her.
I have no idea.
Did she get married to some punk?
What?
What was that sound, Josh?
That was a raspberry, I think.
Oh, is that what it was?
It sounded like the same sound that Tommy made.
I don't know.
It smelled a little bit more pungent.
Probably the guacamole.
We lightning quick speeds the latest features in security.
You know, the team just season goes with all these allergens in the year, you know?
Man, even though I take my allegro religiously, I think I'm starting to gag on it.
Would lightning quick speeds the latest features in security?
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months with it always on
connection speed of six megabytes.
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL15 and up to 100 times faster
than dial up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, you're
just surfing your favorite sites.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet just like I'm
taking another swig here.
Plus, when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free
features like the fan, video mail, Comcast rap city radio, plus it up to seven personal
email accounts just to name a few of these things.
Not a way that could also get Mac and fee security tools included.
So you can be assured that your internet experience will always be safe and secure.
So while you wait and force start doing more faster than every before, sign up for Comcast
high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months, you wonder how you're
managed to get along without it.
And they call 305 Comcast and in, in Broward call 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is the Neil Rogers.
Yeah, this is a police panel out of corporate marketing consultant.
The black maleable male amazed these are most of the hiring for home land security.
Leads things up a criminal nature.
Let's say it's wide open like a male fraud for instance.
Get one of these in the male A.
Officials business of the federal or business of foreclosure.
This means you open immediately.
You're pre qualified for a new low interest loan.
Yeah, that's my idea.
Police panel out it and get this.
It works.
It doesn't have a gun for this job.
Officials business from the United States are a fuss of tax evading deadbeats.
Open immediately or dies.
So do, revise and A.
And you'll be eligible for big discounts on our rental car.
We have your 5-year-old daughter in the basket.
If you don't want her to skip the live, please open immediately.
Mommy.
Hey, how would you like a new line of credit?
Huh?
You told you didn't we?
Well, let's take that one that we have now ring the hands about their own political
paranoia.
We'll take it from here.
The Department of Homeland Security has determined you are eligible to have jumper
cable attached to your nipples.
Open immediately.
Say, how would you like to have a six month supply of junk, painter pills?
The morning to make you run this in other skins, contact me through my offshore website.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's 11.04 at 5.60 W.C.M. Marlon's not decades, 12.30.
Game two of the Marlon's in Padres series, man.
It's a big series, isn't it?
Sure.
And we get better stay there for another minute anyway.
You know, you really can leave it on through with a story that has to do with Cubans.
Don't you want to believe, Josh, then we can talk about them.
Yeah, I won't be able to hear you at all.
Why not?
Well, that's right.
There's no radio.
You can't hear us in the building because they got power 96 on all over the building.
I get a radio in my office.
Oh.
Oh, you're the one who listens to this.
I see.
Four decades ago, thousands of Cubans took to the Escombe Ray Mountains in the CIA of
Bakeryl.
What the hell was that?
Did you hear that?
No.
Wow.
You okay over there?
No, it's not me.
It's just I just heard a very strange, probably the CIA coming to give me.
I found you.
Wow, that was strange.
Four decades ago, thousands of Cubans took to the Escombe Mountains in a CIA of Bakeryl
of Oregon, stood out Castro, the bearded bastard.
Today, U.S. law brands them as terrorists.
Cubans terrorists.
I thought they all lived in Miami.
Great.
In a twist of fate, 320 Cubans on the island would list to that armed revolter now having
problems winning U.S. political asylum because the Patriot Act barges asylum for terrorists
and people who help them.
The Department of Homeland Security says the hold-ups affect 160 asylum applications involving
320 people who joined or helped the anti-Castle Gorillas as well as some of the close
voters of the asylum seekers, like maybe Meris Greasy-As.
Bill Strasper, who spoke to him for U.S. citizenship and immigration services said, warriors from
Homeland Security and the Department of State and Justice are trying to resolve the legal
tangle of who is a terrorist and whether civilians are providing or unwilling support to
terrorists should be denied asylum or put in an asylum.
We're trying to develop a policy that could be used across the board for any types of cases
to develop a process that will allow us to exercise discretion, Strasper, to say, until
that time, we're not denying cases, but we're not approving cases either.
The Escombe Regorillas and many other anti-Castle movements were supported by the CIA in the
sabotage.
All the groups who wiped out by the late 60s by Castro troops and what the government
called a struggle against bandits, banditos.
By the way, speaking of banditos, there was a, you know, where there's eight people were
killed here in Canada.
There was a bunch of biker druggies, is what it was all about.
Yeah, you said.
And it was revenge for, I forgot, just an enormous amount of coke that they ripped off and
they said, well, guess what?
That's going to come together with coke like all these bullets.
Cuban Ezra groups are stunned by the flood of the Asanam seekers.
Are you stunned?
Let me go.
No.
No.
This really hurts because these are the people that have been forgotten by history and the
world.
So Cuban Ezra activists, Ramón Salosanches.
See, I told you he was in news of the Miami democracy movement, democracy.
A big messier.
Most of the girls got no say.
And by the way, Ramón Salosanches had a pay soft.
They far were dignity and practically naked, starved in with their bare hands.
They resisted the dictatorship.
That today is the despair of the Cuban people he added.
Siting privacy concerns.
US citizenship immigration services won't identify the Cuban asylum applicants.
They did say Miguel Escobar was one of them.
And would only say that the applications were made after the Patriot Act was passed October
2001.
I mean, anybody, even children know that anybody named Escobar is probably a drug dealer
from Colombia.
This is Trish.
The Patriot Act defines terrorism as that one we know that.
Not that's that.
You know what that is?
That's like a little feedback because I had this thing cranked up a little bit too
high when I was talking to Hank with that crossover because I think it's Robert Greeper
keeps potting Hank down every day a little bit lower, a little bit lower.
I'm not just talking about during the crossover.
It's sabotage.
I'm not sure if I'm going to blow you nose on your back.
I can't help it.
I hope there's all these allergies.
No, it's serious.
I think Robert is trying to de-assand back the Hank show probably so it can get his
money a buddy more than that.
I'm going in the morning.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Or guilty.
There you go, guilty.
The hockey season for the panties is going to be open in a dozen in just a couple of
days.
It's going to be finito, three more games.
Then bye-bye.
That was one incredible game last night.
That was just amazing.
Every time I do the crossover with Hank, which we don't have to wait a while because he's
leaving, it gets a little lower, a little bit lower.
693 will make that 800 easy.
Then you can just hang right.
You can just slide right out the door, Josh.
You have to worry about it.
All right.
Well, no, you know that an hour and a half, we can do 200 vote.
Sure.
Christ if we can't do that, we don't have anybody left.
Because I know that we got about 75 grand for that best about 30 campaign.
Close to?
The girl's got about 40 grand in his pocket and probably Eric's got about 10 grand.
Stacks the way.
Get a lot of meals for 10 grand, Eric.
More in doubt.
See, I pushed that article about the Cubans ahead so that Miguel could leave.
See ya.
You leaving?
No, Thickera.
Why?
I'll leave if you want.
I don't care.
No, I don't want.
I don't want you to leave.
But I just don't feel guilty about forcing you to sit there.
I mean, you're not going to be any faxes.
Do we get any faxes this morning?
It's pay soft tonight, baby.
Well, that's the job over there.
And it's good for, oh, that's right.
I forget where you're sitting.
I think that's the fact you can't leave.
Then he's got to go in there.
Yeah.
And we don't want to do that because then they'll say, oh, you see, we don't need two people on that show.
There you go.
Let's fire George for something like that.
Not necessarily.
In the third floor.
Your own time is the first way to sandbag people on this show.
It's better to crack the clear bell talks.
Oh, no, your show is kicking ass and we love your show.
Yeah.
How about extending your contract to your 95, Neil?
What do you say?
Carry us all on your back.
I think we can get a bad backache, by the way, Joe.
You idiot.
Morning, doubt.
Rag the camel.
You got a choice.
You get a smoke at a ragged and the camel too.
Talk about a fearful symmetry.
Iran was whipping up real uranium while America was whipped up by fake uranium.
Obsessed with going to war against the Middle East country that had no nuclear weapon, the Bush
administration lost focus on and leveraged over a Middle East country, hurling toward a nuclear
weapon.
That's after the Bush crew lost focus on and leveraged over an Asian country that says
it's not produced a whole bunch of nuclear weapons.
The paraphrase Raymond Chandler, if brains were elastic, these guys wouldn't have enough
to make suspenders for a pierre-key.
Oh, what a great line that is.
Talk about the QAM management crew now.
If brains were elastic, these guys wouldn't have enough to make suspenders for a pierre-key.
Oh, I love it.
I'm saving that.
Don't you like that line?
That's pretty good.
While Dick Cheng was getting booed as he threw out the first pitch for the national, it bounced
in the dirt and the scooter wasn't even though to catch it.
Iran was dribblingly welcoming itself to the nuclear club and spitting in the eye of the US and the UN.
Speaking before, a mural of fluttering white doves, President Mach Mood, and I can't pronounce
his last name, I'm Martin Najed.
Brad that is scientists that can talk to it enriched uranium.
They'll now turn out nuclear fuels as fast as they can.
Are they making a bomb?
Nah, I said the Iranian President, furthest thing from their minds.
Are we going to bomb them before they can get a bomb?
Nah, I said the American President furthest thing from our minds.
The nuclear does announce that it was embarrassing for Mr. Bush to would sit on Monday that he
was determined to prevent Iran from getting the know-how to enrich uranium.
But the Persian logic cannot be folded.
If you pretend to have WMD, the US may come and get you as sought him.
If you really had WMD, your bulletproof just has King Jong Il.
I'm sure the mad is cheese, Mr. Ahmad and Ajay cannot believe his luck.
The down the rabbit hole Bush administration is tied up in Iraq helping create a theocracy friendly to Iran,
while leaving Iran to do whatever wants NWMD.
In this week's New Yorker, Seymour Hirsch writes about the Pentagon planning for possible strike against the only apocalyptic Shiites,
as the former CIA agent Robert Baer calls the Holocaust and I Ahmad Najad and his course line of clerics.
The apocalyptic Shiites.
Mr. Hirsch quotes his first host to the Pentagon saying that Mr. Bush believes that saving Iran is going to be his legacy,
which may sense in the wag the camel waste and saving Iraq is not going to be his legacy.
The Bush Hots who have already proven themselves cultural credence in Iraq seem to still be a long way from that humble foreign policy they promised.
A former defense official told Mr. Hirsch that the plan was based on administration belief that a sustained bombing campaign in Iran
will humiliate the religious leadership and lead the public to rise up and overthrow the government.
The official's reaction, what are they smoking?
Justice Rumi dismissed questions back in August 2002 about a possible invasion of Iraq as a media frenzy,
even as plans were well underway, the defense team shrugged off the New Yorker's story as,
Henry Penny, the sky is falling.
Or I can't resist that.
Henry Penny, what?
The sky is falling.
Right.
Noting that the president is on a diplomatic track, he who should be fired and that the,
while W. was obviously concerned about Iran as a country that supports terrorists and wants W.M.D.,
it's just as simply not useful to get into fantasy land.
Yes, the reality based community of journalists stay out of fantasy land, which is already overcrowded with hallucinatory bushies.
W. defended his authorization of a leak to rebutch Joseph Olsen's contention that the administration hyped up a story about
the year's selling Saudi uranium.
I wanted people to see the truth of the president said.
Of course, sometimes in order to help people see the truth, you've got to tell them a big fat lie.
As David Singer and David Barster wrote in the Times on Sunday,
scooters leak about Saudi's efforts to obtain uranium and already been debunked by the time he leaped it.
Colin Powell had told the Times that intelligence agencies were no longer carrying it as a credible item
by early 2003 when the Secretary of State was preparing to make the case against Iraq at the UN.
Only scooter and Dick Cheney were one who used a faulty bit of intelligence to defend their worst game.
With Watergate, report his follow the money.
With Monica, Ken Starfall and the stain.
With W. and his bananas and second banana, Patrick Fitzgerald is following the uranium.
All he needs is a Geiger counter.
That's where he doubts take, but he's good.
And you get it for free on the show, and I have to sign up for that expensive New York Times thing.
Lim 14, already my god, I'm getting way behind you.
And that's because Miguel forced me to be that long story about Cuban terrorists.
Here, fall. See, longer you stay around and where we get to drag down with that Cuban stuff.
What do you think? Do you think the Cubans want to stay in the state of Miami or what?
I have no idea.
We'll go out and take a poll. That's what you can do between now and 1230.
I'll do a little bit more.
We'll pull all the little Havana, sweet water, and highly, and come back by 1225. Let us know.
I'll conduct an expansion, everything.
Or you can go out there and you can go out to a sweet water and sell some of those CDs.
This is what I need.
I kicked out there.
Yeah, the Q&A van is going to be in sweet water.
Just look for Nick Navarro and Roland Martinez.
Okay, look for the sea of white here.
And Miguel will be there waiting amount to wind there.
Yeah, 710, that's the old WGVS frequency.
What's on 710 right now? I'll tell you what it is.
Radio Mambe.
Yes it is.
And that's sad. WQBA, La Cubanesa, Radio Mambe.
No speaking English, that's key.
Drag concepts, they speak plenty of English. They speak it all right there.
They're the best carpet cleaning company in the business.
And I want to remind you that springtime has arrived.
Cleaning your windows and doing a little bit of dusting here.
And there may give the appearance on the outside. Your home is clean.
We know about those surface dusters, you know?
But until you deep clean all the dirt and germs that will deep down in your carpeting,
your furniture, your drip, or even your bedding, it just really isn't clean, is it?
And right now, drag concepts is offering springtime specials
to help you with all your spring cleaning. And of course, as always, they're just a phone call away.
Don't forget, drag concepts specialized in a poultry cleaning, leather cleaning, drapery cleaning,
oriental rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning,
you're in those dust mites.
All of these things.
So much more. So don't just half clean your home this spring.
Go through it slow or don't do it fast and certainly don't do it half fast.
Call drag concepts today and have your home clean from top to bottom for real.
I've used them for over 20 years. My homes wouldn't dream of using anybody else.
They always show up on time, always give you a professional job, and always give you written guarantee price upfront.
In Dave Broward of the Palm Beach, he's called Drag Concepts Tool-Free,
1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071-Ronline, dragconcepts.com.
This is Neil Roger. What's calling this is 5.62-AQ Fairy.
Oh God.
They say our love is kapoo.
Yeah.
That what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch.
You're not a lie girl, the man.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
We're life's go-kows at chains.
I can't escape from a bill.
Now that would be a crime.
As long as I am doing you, I told my endowings I am.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regrets.
I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resistant.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would get you in the endowings.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
I have that you were sent from above.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
We're not husband and wife.
Prison bitch.
I'm not prison bitch.
You're prison bitch.
And you're a sad machine.
I only have no regrets.
How about some gasoline?
I'm tired of this, I'm freaking tired of this.
I'm too tired of this.
I'm too tired of this.
I'm too tired of this.
I'm too tired of this.
I'm not prison bitch.
You're prison bitch.
You're mean for me.
I really hate these markers.
That's what I do.
I'm not back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
I got a bad opinion of the soul.
And you're a prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
I'm not a burden of the life.
Because I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
And when I get out of bed, you go straight.
I know I'm not prison bitch.
I'm not prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like only others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I think about things.
If you want me to,
your prison bitch is never even you.
That hurt you when I'm so mean.
But now you're my soulmate.
I'm so mean.
I'm not a burden of the life.
I know I know I know I know you are.
I know you want to find out what you call this.
The polka or what's calling?
Woo!
Woo!
Hey!
Twenty-three past eleven black men.
Josh is about fell off his chair when I played that yesterday.
And that's because I did a little research and I listened to it about 400 times.
I discovered it's Joyce Proof.
And Miguel almost fell off his chair right now.
Literally.
Did he really?
Yeah he did.
How do you like that?
And guess what?
We had another one while I played this once there was also Joyce Proof.
It's turned about...
That house is built.
It's built.
It's built.
Hey, hello.
Water's warm.
I'll say you have come here often.
Pardon me?
It has been here before.
No, first time.
What's your name?
Three way.
Three way, that's nice.
One spigot.
It's the new two spigot.
Right here.
You were here to get clean.
Oh, I don't know.
You were work around here?
I'm a waiter but Ashley I'm an actor.
Oh yeah, yeah.
What's the topic?
You probably need to rely on her.
Oh, hell say.
But you know with everything it's in the news and all it's to pay.
You can start relaxing right now.
I brought something.
Oh, she.
And three way.
Not just any sheet either.
Look.
Wow, gold lame.
No way.
Pretty geek on them.
But here's the most important part three way.
The ProTechs Labels.
ProTecht, huh?
Aren't those in dorms?
By the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTechs logo.
Sure.
I sure do.
Certified safe by the city by the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Sorry.
Darn.
Look at that.
I trust this so big.
I'll get it.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway in spiket have.
Condemn sense.
Don't let worry spoiled those chance meetings in public showers.
Always carry ProTechs.
ProTechs.
The ROC, the PC.
TMI free S&B.
The ROC, the PC.
The PC then down with no authority.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTechs.
So they won't send you a read.
ProTecht condoms.
A division of Black, Black, House and Garden.
That's controlled division.
Keep in situation safe since 1887.
How do you like that?
Another Joyce proof fit.
Man, we are really making some progress anyway.
All right.
And speaking of progress, look at this facts that you just said.
I'm sure this is from across the street.
Hello, Neil.
I think you and I have found the permanent replacement for the Mo Man in the 2-4 slot.
I hate baseball, but the Crow is pure entertainment.
He can't speak, but that's the fun of it.
Really enjoyable.
They get up.
You and the Meebe.
Troll the Meebe.
The ball.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's the first day I didn't turn the station, but except when everyone Curtis is on.
Oh, see, I told you they like Curtis.
He's only got 20 votes.
In fact, he's down near the bottom on the pool.
So let's not put him on too much because he audience likes him.
And you're right about the following.
A vote camper, unlistenable boring.
Yeah, he's got a personality like a rock.
Good guy, but terminal.
And Gildy, unlistenable.
Sounds a little...
Yeah.
Five heads of the Mn-OH-560.
Yeah, I think those sure I joined as a hip, Pally.
27 pass 11 at 5, 16 L.C.
Is Miguel had the food from the John the Baker?
Have you enjoyed some of that or not?
Absolutely.
Well, good.
Absolutely.
Did Meebe everybody from the station ask?
I mean, he brings it up and that's tough.
Up like it was a gold.
And that's what it tastes like, man.
It's as good as it gets.
And the best part of the deal at John the Baker is the prices are so teeny and tiny.
You can go there over and over again.
Take the whole...
Take strangers off the street and go there and just throw a bunch of money at them.
Be sure and try the best in South Florida.
Pizza and all those great pasta dishes.
All you're entitled in favorites.
John the Baker, the best Italian restaurant in South of University drive.
Now with two great locations for you, please be sure and tell them that Duff sent you in there.
Otherwise, he's going to cry a lot, please.
You'll find John the Baker brand new in the Sterling Town Center on Sterling Road just west of Pine Island Cooper City.
And the classic John the Baker in Pember Pines, we all really enjoy your Coca-Cola classic.
Just west of Flamingo in the Home Depot Center on Pines Boulevard.
Food is fantastic, humongous portions, and everything is cooked fresh too.
No mushy pasta at John the Baker.
And like I said, with the low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch and dinner and stay well within your budget.
And speaking of the stand-in within your budget, be sure to ask for the Neil Veal at John the Baker.
It's all of these things.
A large 16-inch pizza, half dozen of those fantastic, world-famous gigantic garlic rolls, and two fountain coaks for only 1475.
All of these things.
Take out or dine in tonight.
Call 954 in Pember Pines, 431-4355.
That's 431-4355 for take out, or in Cooper City, 954-252-0091.
252-0091 pizza, pasta, veal, chicken, parmesan, sausage, and peppers.
All your favorites, all of these things waiting for you at John the Baker.
It is the best.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-S.
Yeah, that's you.
Well, what is that?
What do you mean that's me?
What is this?
Another stunt rejoins, since what is that?
White hot is the, I thought, white hot, you got to win arles.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the crap all the time.
You got to be schmit me, man.
Is this turn, somebody needs to take him out and just beat his brains out when he baseballed that.
I think it's fine.
And that's where the start of the play is.
Anybody here, seen Jack Ed from home,
here's his orange gumsuit and fedora.
He's through a lot of people but he sometimes get caught.
I thought it's providing the crown.
Anybody here, seen good fresh and fast?
Who's the moral lousy crown?
He's not the thinking jack of truth before he's done.
Making a shower with his soul.
He's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who
or you he he he he he he yes he he he yes all
The...
in the sky.
The UK transport department, they were told to divert to the Glasgow airport.
There was a 25 mile exclusion zone surrounding that flight.
It landed without incidents.
172 passengers disembarked.
So now in the terminal, like that airport near Glasgow, they are...
Oh, God.
Talk about terminal.
Can you imagine being diverted no matter where you were going to Scotland?
Oh, man.
I actually want to go to Scotland.
I'd rather get killed.
You want?
I'd like to go to Scotland.
For what?
I heard the plane going there.
You were there.
Very cool.
Get out of here.
Nobody's Scotland, if you ever encountered a flight.
I've known people that have been.
I think you're looking for a gay lick.
They'll say to you help you out.
What are you talking about?
There's nothing cool about this.
Like I didn't borrow a hair...
Oh, my God.
I once got on a bus in Amsterdam.
They go to the airport back in the day when they used to do that.
Super things that are taking a cab or going on the train.
Right.
Oh, man.
The scott buses, they made a stop at a hotel and picked up a bunch of scott buses.
They speak gay lick.
They don't even speak any English.
And they got the kilt-sign man.
They had none of them had been in about at least six months.
Well, never mind.
Back to the time there.
But you don't have a good time there.
In fact, I'd say to you what, George probably would rather go to Amsterdam.
No, no, no.
They'll divert you to Glasgow.
Don't give me wrong.
You really don't want to go to the Scottish.
Just keep in mind they were a kilt-sign man in the Gulf.
Is there anything else you need to know?
No, I'm good now.
Plus the weather there.
If you think the weather in England is bad, I mean keep in mind that Scotland is just like Northern England.
It's just the northern part of the island.
Oh, brother.
It's bad.
It's not like Hospins Arkansas.
751 votes on this pool.
We'll have like eight something by the time it's 12.30.
Less than an hour.
Oh, there's Ted Kennedy and John McKinigan at Spinal footage.
Uh, let's see.
Who is the weakest link on QAM?
Lenny Martez 184.
The Crow 166, inspired by that impassioned fax from across the street.
Oh, yeah, I bet they were rubbing their hind legs together when they heard that yesterday.
So he's a alarm-trop-baw problem.
I like that one.
Yeah.
Nobody else does, but you do.
How about you, but Emily, but Tromba, the meab, the blob of...
Okay, but go on the locker room and pump, pump, pump, pump.
By the way, don't cancel them.
Lenny Martez 184, the Crow 166, who is just...
It's one thing if you make a mistake in life.
And then you go back and keep making the same mistake over and over again.
You're on sand?
No, what do you think?
In other words, you put the wrong person down the ear and then it will be like if we hired Mowback.
And then after about a week, we discovered, oh, he's starting to stir up a bunch of crap.
And that is a surprise, you know?
She is.
Can't understand it.
The Crow 166, guilty of very solid third.
Rock solid.
131, a voice fit for off the ear.
And far away from humans.
George 98, Kimba Bulkamp for 53.
Now, why is that?
Don't you think Kimba ought to beat out George?
George, at least, has got a little bit of a personality.
Not a lot, a little bit, you know?
At least George knows something.
You know, he may not be the most outstanding person to listen to, but at least he knows something about a lot of different things.
As opposed to Kimba, who only knows about that big cow in front of the university dodge.
And give me the ball, give me the ball.
That's it.
Hang 40, six.
The big O28.
Rock solid.
I'm too bad.
Of course, who the hell is awake at that hour?
Curtis only 20.
See what I'm telling you?
I think we ought to start adopting the reverse strategy now, the reverse psychology.
I think Curtis sucks, don't ever put him on again.
Yeah, he blows.
He's the worst.
See, if we keep saying that, they'll put him on like 10 hours a day.
Any K-13, because who the hell listens to that hour, and mad dog only 12, because he's great.
He ain't no Danny Boyle of Bastard, thank God, but he's pretty damn good.
Pretty damn entertaining.
758.
That's kind of great.
One of Eminem's closest friends was killed early yesterday, and did you see this?
Yep.
In a CD Night Club along the road made famous by the rap superstar.
I guess what neither one of you ever did was, neither one of you was ever on 8 Mile Road and Detroit.
No.
I was.
Aha.
Where you scared?
Are you pardon?
Where you scared?
No.
Hey, listen, if you were in Detroit, you just, you didn't, if you were kind of a person that was going to be scared of anything, you didn't need to be going to Detroit.
Okay?
Pansy.
Sound a little.
Proof.
Proof.
A member of the rap group D12 was hit by Gunfire at the CCC Club on 8 Mile Road.
The dividing line between Detroit and Northern suburbs, police said he and another man were shot in a haze.
The other man lived but was critically injured.
See, there was a place, I don't know anything about that club, but there was a place called Macombos, which was an outstanding Italian restaurant on 8 Mile Road and Detroit.
Back in the day when I used to go to the track all the time in Detroit, you don't know about the club.
You just know about the good Italian restaurant.
Wait, when you listen to me, see, don't you want to hear the rest of the story?
Like Paul Harvey would say.
Well, Macombos then became a strip club because that hood got really kind of like CD and bad and people were going to eat so it really like a tractor climb, tell them, okay?
Now, I don't know what the name is.
So in other words, that could even be it, I don't know.
In other words, maybe once upon a time I was actually in the Triple C club, see?
But I doubt it.
I think it was on 8 Mile Road, where those WWA towers are, man, the direction of them I think about 100 different towers.
And they were all right across where Macombos used to be.
I think in my road.
There's about three white people there within about a 60 mile radius. What's wrong with that?
Officers, we spot the 911 calls found to bar empty when they arrived.
But they still have really good food to Macombos, but I was good.
Speaking on me, Paul.
I'm talking to them really.
And police said the victims were taking the hospitals by private vehicles.
Proof was real name was the Sean Holtin.
I wonder if he's kind of the Sean minor.
The Sean Holtin was a dead and arrival at St. John Connor Creek and our patient treatment facility used to be a hospital.
It's kind of a messy affair and we're trying to sort it out.
Said the threat police chief, Ella Bully Cummings.
There's that name again. Ella Bully, Bully Cummings.
What kind of a name is that?
You think she's got a Bully Bully pulpit?
Or maybe just a Bully Bully?
She said detectives don't know what proof was doing at the bar, which was operating outside of its licensed hours.
Aha, see that?
After I took away the bit partner, and it was 2002 film that carried this title 8 Mile.
Did you see 8 Mile?
I did, yeah.
You did?
I did.
Boy, oh boy, after seeing it, you don't want to go there, did you?
No, I was all set.
I could have told you that.
He and M&M Proof were seldom seen in public without each other.
They were tight.
Proof was the best man at M&M's wedding in January.
They've been close friends since before M&M came a superstar now.
And he's dead.
The video for the M&M song like Toy Soldier shows M&M pacing a hospital hallway as doctors try to revive proof for what has been shot.
Later, M&M attends Proof's funeral as the song's lyrics lament the escalation and violence between rappers.
It was proofside either formed D12 in the mid-90s when members met at Detroit's hip hop shop a clothing store by day in a hip hop club by night.
The six member Detroit-based rap group counts M&M among its members.
Proof's family members gathered at a home on Detroit's northwest side after hearing the news.
The street neighborhood of the two-story homes was lined with vehicles and people hugged each other in a sidewalk and cried in the audio.
A spot of blood was on the street in front of the tavern.
Police marked shell casings in the parking lot across the street.
Now the shame proof is dead.
I'll then out of shape about that.
That's proof what you're doing to the eighth mile.
What's more depressing, the fact that proof got shot and that there's a Marlon game today, we're not depressed at all about it.
Even if they lose again, we don't care.
No, we're not.
Because as far as work is heard, as long as they keep playing early games and we get off early, we think we love the Marlins.
Don't ever leave. That's right. Stay forever.
I got to play that bit again, you know the one.
That one.
18-0-0 at five.
You were right, by the way, getting that this was worth a billion dollars today.
So Miguel's going to give you like a whole bunch of cash when you know a lot of the money that he's been ripping off from that fundraising campaign.
Yeah. He's going to share you some of this.
I would give it a try.
You're horse racing fans and poker players.
Maybe you take a little track tonight and double it.
Pompadopark racing and poker is all a gambling action.
You wanted a great way to celebrate tax day.
This Saturday, April 15th.
When everybody 18 in order getting a free entry blank to win part of a thousand dollars giveaway, baseball tickets or maybe a vacation trip on Discovery Cruise lines.
You could win 1,500-1,000-1,200, maybe even 500 bucks in cash.
That'll take away just about everybody's tax day blues.
Located just a half mile from both I-95 and the turn, fight Pompadopark is easy to get to.
And best of all, Pompadopark features free admission and free general parking every day.
Talk to Dick Feinberg. He'll tell you all kinds of great stories about Dave Ingram.
Live harness racing in our smoke free poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight.
And poker gets underway at noon in just 17 minutes.
Goes on till midnight. Live racing gets underway starting at 7.25 nightly, including tonight.
The last Monday madness, 2 for $25, dinner special will be this Monday, April 10th.
That's two days ago.
So if you missed it, tough to de.
That bad. In fact, this was supposed to be, it says right on here, copy for April 12th and it says our last.
So you missed it. Cheese, I'm upset about that.
But we were talking about it anyway.
But today is Wednesday.
So you can still take advantage of dollarnight Wednesdays when soda, draft beer, hot dogs and more, just a pucker piece starting at 6 p.m.
Pompadopark also open every day.
The week seven days, the night's featuring the best in cymbal casting, harness, threw a bread, highlight action from all across North America for you to watch him plunge your guts on.
Look out for Brian Sears, no matter where he is, the best in the universe.
So don't forget to come out this Saturday, April 15th for tax relief date, Pompadopark.
A blast out of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule called 954-972-2000 or on the Wicked Web, check it out at Pompadopark.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628.
Mackinon, this is Joe Ball on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
The season pays off.
We won the World Family. We won the World Family.
Hi, I'm David Samson and I use this out like this until I met that Queen of Silver Cuts.
I'm looking for a new home for my world champion, Marlon.
And I don't like starring in stadium with big stinky football players.
I had my heart set on a new stadium, but my dreams were all dashed because of that paint goldberg.
Well, it's not going to happen now and it's all your fault, Hank. All your fault.
Some certain will be welcomed as liberators with flowers and candy in a new city like San Antonio.
Put that your pink pipe and smoke it, huh?
If you don't want the Marlon anymore, I'll just take them home with me also myself to play my own backyard.
So put that in your lost talent, Florida.
And remember, there's nothing more important than life than the grab that staggering of man on man's voice.
Amen.
For a home. For the Marlon's. For a home of audio.
I think I, a Schmitt can, that story about Jeffrey Loran.
It's probably just as well to Barry Jackass. I didn't hear it.
I'm not going to wish a lot of time, but we don't have a lot of time.
Do we? We only got like, what, 40 minutes? That's right.
And actually when you come down to the.
That we only got like about 20 or six minutes.
And when you take the spots into account, we got like, see it.
San Antonio, very viable. So Jeffrey Loran reiterating the Marlon's voice floor all relocation options, including San Antonio.
The early view we have is that it's viable right now. Marlon's prison, David Sanchez said of San Antonio.
We need to see how revenues are going to grow and make sure it can sustain itself.
Loran said the Marlon needs some answers about the future.
Wait me for November. I'll need resolutions sooner rather than later.
He said because there are other options, we need to act on those options out of town.
So Loran said he's optimistic. The Marlon's working the stadium locally.
Some of that optimism disappeared in the past year. Major league baseball would like us to solve our problem here.
But that doesn't mean, well, you know what? Let Major league baseball pay for it.
How's that sound? That was good.
Yeah, what's that build the stadium? They got more money than God. Let them build it.
Let them take some of that money for defending all the lawsuits they're going to have on the steroids and use that money instead.
That's a Catholic church building, okay? Take some of the money they're using defending all those child molesting priests and put that money into a new stadium for the Marlins.
We love the Marlins. Yeah, look at all the days we'd have to work extra if we lost the Marlins, right?
Yeah, for real. I say let's, let's phone you up and jump on that bandwagon.
Please, you know, if you don't want to buy the CDs, put them money into a fund for the Marlins stadium. How's that?
Sounds good. Now where are they going to have our about 30?
I want to report tomorrow from Miguel that he sold something there besides his ass at the ballpark today.
Hey, I'm not going to be there. What? Rollie there.
What do you mean by that? You're either way you said that. I'm not going to be there like, fat. What does that mean?
Mr. Marlin, Mr. Sports Nerd, Mr. Holyo, huh?
781 votes by the way in a poll. I think we got 800, look by the top of the hour. You think we're going to lick it?
Oh, what's the thing? That's a good idea. Who's going to be out there? Oh, rollie. Well, he's used to not get any response, you know?
Where is he at gate F? Yes. Just look for the tracks where Crow left yesterday for the Crow tracks.
It kind of looked like pigeon droppings. And that'll lead you right to gate F to rollie. He's got the best of Neal.
And those 50 teachers, in fact, you know, it would have been great yesterday to see a C because that was a little bit of the game.
It was pretty weak. I saw him score that one run on the first inning desperate. He'll lead off triple and then they're like all out to score a run.
Yeah. That was pretty. You knew from that point on it was going to be pretty grim. I mean, you get to lead off triple and you're supposed to.
That that should be an old brainer. And we're very lucky that you got to hit with the two outs.
What that was his name? Wooding. John. Well, will he? See, I got a couple of those right. You, Josh.
So anyway, I would have loved. Wouldn't have been great to see the C of those Neal. God T-shirts there yesterday.
And we might have had that if we were going to open up a mouth and told somebody because even though I had nothing to with Cuba.
Yeah. Well, we got the CDs and the T-shirts. It's opening day. We got 31,308 people here plus the Crow.
How come the Crow wasn't plugging it and pumping it, huh? That was wrong with him.
I told him we desperately need to raise the money for charity. Get out there and go in and let locker room and pump, pump, pump, pump.
Yeah, pump this idiot. So they'll be out there. Now what time is really getting there?
Because the game time is one o'clock. He should be there already. So really say that's a no excuses.
Okay. We want to see of Neal Roger's material out there. Okay. Just throw a bunch of money at him.
And anything that's left over this spillover will give it to the Luria's in San Francisco. They can go to stadium.
So we can get a lot of these early days off like today and tomorrow and tomorrow.
Oh, preach on and look at that tomorrow after the baseball game. I mean today it's just mad dog in the studio, which is fine.
But tomorrow it's mad dog at the sofa. King.
It doesn't say that on this sheet. Well, he just is. He wrote it.
Clarence. There you go. Oh, yeah. Idiot. Well, you know what? Just because Clarence is it's okay.
I guess I can play that bit now, huh? If we can have it on our commercials like Tommy making farting noises on our whatever that thing was.
What that was that anyway? That was a gas promo. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He said it's a gas. We're giving away gas.
He drops the raspberry in there. Nice. Nice going Tommy. Try to get us all fired. You idiot.
You know, when think about Tommy, you can't afford to lose that job because a lot of money for those drugs.
And you think he's making money with that group he's got that band. Oh, God. I don't know. This is band good or not.
Yeah, very. Are they? Yeah, they're pretty good. No, you both both guys have heard it. Huh? Yeah.
Must be sharing those drugs. Wait till you hear this. Speaking of happy pace off. Happy Passover to all our Jewish friends. They're not listening anyway.
They're busy drinking wine. Yeah, take a little matter. Shevids to the ball game today. Can't hurt.
Okay. Throw a little stale monster there. It's every lawyer. Howard Pearl 48. Sound like a good Jewish boy to me.
A four-lettered lawyer never saw himself as much of a worship leader. Then again, he never thought he'd be shipped to a rack after 30.
But 30. An event for years in the Army Reserve spent Russia, China. The Jewish knew you're under a reign of mortar fire or lead Friday night worship in Camp Taji.
An army post up miles north of Baghdad when there wasn't even a rabbi around to do the job.
In a year full of bizarre first pearl stance says one stands out. It'll be pretty cool to be able to celebrate Passover in Baghdad says Pearl and Army Captain Transmembers of the Iraqi Army.
How do you like that? Passover is one of the defining moments in Jewish history said when the Jewish people became a nation for the first time.
Oi! The Jewish people became a nation for the first time. I'm sitting here in Baghdad celebrating Passover when I think the parallels are remarkable.
On Wednesday, today when Jews around the world begin the Athe holiday commemorating the Israelites liberation from slavery in Egypt 33 years, a hundred years ago, and all these other bubble mice.
Thousands of Jewish who has troops to mark the occasion with modif provisions that are in road and dangerous locations, they're going to be eaten lots of very surreptitiously because if those ragheads see it and moths them and it's about a base, that's it.
When you think? Oh yeah. When you're a bombah.
Summall crack open military issue kosher MREs meals ready to weed and mark the holiday quietly alone. Summall pray with Rebys floating from the US. Get keys.
Others will put together simple holiday meals with Moths of wine and shrink wrapped plastic sater plates shipped by Jewish outreach organizations including Salaflota. Make sure they're not trade, okay?
Some of those ragheads, some of those subversives in Salaflota may or expect their finger with it and made a trade. Have Gary Sanders sniffed first before you put it in your mouth.
It's our duty to support people who are doing everything they can to uphold the principles of our country, freedom and democracy said rabbi David Latt director of the Chaplain's Council for the Jewish welfare board. He's going to go there and get all the latains and agency that serves these spiritual needs of Jewish military personnel by some estimates five to 10,000 Jews serving the US military.
According to your counting for about 1% of service members rabbis make up a small minority in the Chaplain's Seekor about 2891 military just 20 or rabbis out of almost 3,000 just 20 Rebs and probably got the long beards and the pay us and the tallest and the whole deal.
Jewish organizations outreach organizations, synagogues and Hebrew schools have stepped into Phil Shortfalls and spiritual services shipping tons of kosher food Jewish texts and pamphlets explaining the holidays rituals probably a lot of stale Halaflota and restrictions to military post in the Middle East and Afghanistan.
The Wait in a year. This the alaf institute a serve side based on private Jewish outreach group affiliated to the Lubatir Lou Babatir Hasidic movement has shipped to US troops more than 20 times of Gafiltha fish, Masha, Macaroons and Haggadas. What the hell is that? You tell me like a boy books that tell the story of the Israelites exit this for me. Well forget about the books. Just stick with the Gafiltha fish and Masha the Macaroons and the wine.
Happy face of this is five six happy good Friday.
This is Dick Cheney I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the new writers welcome one hour.
The most controversial movie of our time Martin Schwarz says is the last and facial price recently became available for home viewing on cassette.
Religious groups, mid to the release of the film, the effortly became outraged on the event's home distribution and so for your spiritual education and for those who don't have these years on a price of movie ticket.
We are proud to present live part one the radio version of Martin Schwarz says he's the last temptation of Christ.
Want to buy a half stereo? Oh gee I better not.
Okay.
Send the controversy continues.
Humans are more open but to Martin Schwarz says he's the second last temptation of Christ.
How's that Judas doing? Is he still a good guy or what? We don't know maybe a couple of days he was.
Let's ask him. Judas he was the enabler. He was his buddy. In fact he betrayed Jesus because he kissed him at the Passover Seder.
He gave him a kiss. Did you see that? He turned his back on Jesus.
Oh no. And Jesus said turn your back and he bent over and said. Anyway 810 votes. I told him we'd have 800 by the top of the hour.
There's that nasty nasty looking bitch condor Leesor free who stole Jack straw and Oless oh brother. She what a pair that is.
Per losers Jack straw.
Anybody going over to England be sure and take some some good.
And Keo Pectate.
Leave you me there. Love you take something.
Some likes it is with you.
The British will kiss you all over the place. In fact even if you don't take it they'll still kiss you.
Especially if you're a guy.
The weakest link it to a. I'm Littymart test 200 votes for I'll tell you this he belong on a year or what?
Good guy. He's a body builder you know.
How many times are doing a lot of Roads?
Let's say I want to thank you and George for talking about American history exit was on the encore channel last night.
Carter was damn good in every way when you just played prison bitch I got a good chuckle well good.
Miguel got a chuckle through that like a tingle and his bingle. Yes I did.
Both the CD twice. Love it and love you. Have a great day plunging. Thank you Sam. I'm going to be on already.
I'm already dressing on my shoes on thanks to that polka brine just showing up and Josh court is urging me to go down here and get a please go get it.
And you were right and just because you didn't such a good job on that all your stories around you're all you're all set.
Sweetie. So anytime you're in the mood you can get out of the way so you can go out and have yourself a real good good evening tonight.
We go for another 40 piece.
What? Even even there's been lots of stories this week.
What a shot. That was bad.
You've been pretty consistent this week. That was really bad. You know something interesting part of it is I haven't written that check yet.
I think it just lost oh yeah to wait too many on there for today.
You're right. Well I'm trying say I caught it from George. I used to send you like you know 14 15 17 a reasonable number.
Hey and then George started like you're doing his thing and I feel well you're going to feel like I'm uh slack on oh my look at all those stories on there.
Well I'm like I said I'm done. There won't be that many. There's an ample number.
Listen no big deal just send the stories and finish right in that check and we're good. Yeah.
Now see you don't want to get too soon because the sooner you get in your hand the sooner you're going to blow it.
I mean uh sprint. Oh speaking of that baby Sean falls and fractures his skull and Brittany isn't here.
Is this according to the tabloid the star you know the entertainment the celebrity oriented the star news.
Okay on April 7th when Brittany Spears and Kevin feeder line realized that their baby Sean Preston have been sleeping more than usual panic bills went off.
Oh my god. Just this days earlier the seven month old had taken a major fall from his high chair a tumble that had his parents worried that he might have been critically injured.
He fractured his skull okay first he's dragging with a kid in her lap and now he uh they these are really good parents you know what you expect.
I think it's safe to say that they weren't ready for a child or and ever wherever will be right.
First sterilization okay they had every right to Fred it says after rushing Sean to a nearby hospital they discovered he had a minor skull fracture sometimes called a scalp fracture in babies and a blood clot.
They were going oya clot and the doctors weren't the only ones to take notice next day the department of children and family services beginning looking into the incident they came a colon.
The Spiris feeder line clan escaped disaster but not the obligation to explain themselves to the authorities on April 8th LA Sheriff's Deputy's arrived at Brittany's Malibu home to investigate a child abuse claim against Brittany and Kevin in relation to the hate injury.
Such an investigation isn't unusual according to California law whenever a baby is brought in the hospital with serious injury the DCF whatever it is alerted and he said oh it's you again huh bitch.
Yeah she's a fallen home grace to see how stuff and as she's just stuff not not good.
I think let's see 819 oh yeah by 1230 will be like way over 850 you have to sweat they'll have to even hang around okay great just zoom out that door because I'm sure you're on a way to the ballpark.
No I have no he's got obligations here to know like what in the building that's right like what what are you going to be doing after 1230 I'm pretty sure I work on the power 96 side now as well.
No no no wait a minute I think I'm glad we got like a you know about 10 seconds here to kill well what what does that mean.
You're pretty sure you're working on the power 96 side now well what what does that mean that's what that's what I've been doing lately for a while now.
So in other words we're just borrowing you is that it in other words you're you're not understanding.
No I do both that's what you're paying for both for right now nothing special but yeah just you know I'm a minimum wage minimum wage less 10% hourly man.
Right but yes I'm both sorry. Well then quit making such a semi-subod until they catch on they find out that you're double driven.
Well there's there's I'm not benefiting from anything you understand.
I went over there I went over there. I want to understand what he's saying Miguel maybe you can interpret here.
Let me help you out. You've got two jobs in other words.
I got two jobs and I went over there to do that job because I was supposed to get something that I didn't get.
So I quit doing baseball.
What was that? Money. No money. Yeah and I quit doing baseball which pays me very nicely which was my main source of income.
So in other words you quit. To me it sounds like a massive lawsuit to me this sounds like fraud.
You quit the baseball you said I kept asking why did you do that because you you were under the impression they had they had.
Can I get you a different other gig though? I see no one of your pissed off and making all those grotesque comments about Joyce and what a bitch he is.
And I certainly and Miguel and I would hardly agree.
Wouldn't we Miguel? We would not. What? Hardly agree?
I said we would hardly agree. Hardly agree. Hardly.
Hardly. Hardly.
Let's start sucking up to that bitch over there in Naples now man. She don't speak your language.
She probably don't like you anyway. She don't like your kind. Whatever your kind is.
Whatever it is she don't like it.
Eight minutes past no we better do the break. We got to two. I'll tell you they sure know how to do it.
When we got the pregame at 1250 like the exhibitionist games we get two breaks in there and the one of the game is at 1230 the pregame and we still get the same two.
I'm going to tell you man. When is she getting out of there already that water nuts?
I have a good idea how to get rid of her ahead of time. Let's auction her ass off on eBay.
Eight minutes past no I mean it'll be outdoors a lot in South Florida you really need comfortable shoes like if you're going to be like us.
You know do a little tap dance out of the ballpark today.
The only place to go to take really good care of your feet is Brandy shoes and pompe and obiach because Brandy is the best.
Brandy's carries major brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, New Balance, tons of other name brands.
They can choose all sizes for men and women. They even carry wide woods and hard to find sizes too.
Brandy shoes is the largest and most incredible independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida.
When you go to Brandy's for the first time and you take a peek at the selection and value that you get and see the kind of personal service you also get you'll understand why I've been raven about them for years.
Go ask for Arnie at Brandy so make sure you get the right fitting shoes at the right price every time.
And I like those department stores where they want you to wander around for hours it seems.
Whenever you find a shoe that you like they say, oh sorry we don't have that in your size.
The only thing they do with Brandy is shoes. So you have to wait your life on it.
You never have to worry about size selection service or price when you do your shoe shopping at Brandy's 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompea No Beach between the
Living Copies on the East Side. You can't miss it. Brandy is open every day Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes at Brandy's because you can save yourself 20 to 40 bucks a pair in all great men and women's S.A.S. styles this week.
So be sure to do your shopping at Brandy's this week or on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 A.S.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Absolutely. Go go go go go.
In Hollywood yes I once stayed together. Couples on an artist like us works.
Who is cheap and rude and who is usher's blue and who likes they just act like a bitch.
Remember Brad and Janet was forever. They were best friends so print part of the farm.
Janet Brad they split now it's Angelina and her kid who started and fire up the sun.
Oh you have legs Ryan Dennis. Why could a guy a slave.
They're all a antomy that's no joke.
Jason Alexander Britney Spears and Hitchbuck out that she's out there.
Everyone breaks up when you have a.
Remember Ben and Jen they call her JLo.
It was forever for a battle.
She called Ben a slut. He made fun of her butt.
Because this was hard to get. She took it.
Welcome.
Next up all is currently together.
You won't be on before one of them stays.
Now it's Tom and Katie.
Holds he rather date that group or homes.
Does Tom the straight guy who doesn't know he's gay.
Oh you have a nice rich or stylish scene.
Whirlmer and Lindsey.
There is hope and then they've caught her.
Who cares.
Who ladies her they you.
Brand Jimmy page and Robert.
Everyone breaks up when you have a.
Yeah why should everybody care about these people.
I'll give you an answer.
I have no right.
1215 a Q.I.M.
So anyway you know they're they're doing this thing where they're um and the trial then with Sally Toronto playing the audio of the flight recorder from a.
The flight the flight the crash in in Pennsylvania.
Yeah I saw that.
Now it's interesting because they just had this been bet on Aaron CNN and she's reading her notes the transcript that they played in court.
And she gets to the part and she says well this is the part of the recording that everybody that's so famous where Todd Beamer is her saying roll it.
See nobody and like I told you before we've had these stories nobody ever said let's roll.
Okay remember that in the beginning.
Yeah.
Oh that's real.
No nobody ever said let's roll.
Roll it and then you hear a crashing sound and what he's talking about is a food card that they were using to try to let's make breaking the cockpit.
That's what he was talking about.
Not let's roll you know but again that was not nearly as dramatic as let's roll right.
Maybe he just said like jelly roll I don't know.
Are you sure it's how they not say let's roll roll it.
Or maybe George was on a plane he would have said roll it now smoke it.
When you think well that's why we don't have George here today.
Maybe he was on that plane with Catherine Harris too.
No he got suspended remember.
Oh that's right George got suspended for what was that line again from rain down I think I say that that was I hope I saved it.
That's my favorite line of any just the best.
Not that we don't already know she's great.
Oh please don't tell me I schmit candidate when that be bad of course I can print it out again.
You can see how disorganized I am today it's because I'm anxious to get there a lot of here.
No I mean it's because I'm doing an important show.
Aren't you anxious to get there a lot of here?
Yes I am.
Just out of there.
Yeah I can't care that's seen now I'm beginning to understand your constipation and consternation the fact that they give you they give you the old double crosses they the old beaten switch.
Exactly.
So you need that job at a marlins get that extra pay because you're going to be getting extra pay for Q a m in power 96 you got two jobs over here so that say the hell of the marlins you know.
Hey be lucky though you would have lost them all week this week.
What do you what do you mean by that if you would be doing the ball games.
That's true like I said it's probably just as well that would have been just me and McGill all week that would have been really exciting.
I can't find that marine doubt thing whatever you do really me forget to print that out what was that line again it was whatever it was it was really good.
I'm not forgettable that okay just a second always about suspenders on a parakeet wait a minute.
New York Times here let me go to it let me hop on it it'll be on our website tomorrow.
In fact I'm sure Josh is already feverishly working on it just to get out of the way sure I'm not huh.
Yeah I'm still finishing up the one say I apologize profusely I'm just any way too many.
Well I'm serious just too many I'm not the okay where the hell is it.
Uh not there well I got to find it man.
This is the thing about the guy got any penny in the sky fall.
What are they smoking.
You know what's all here it is listen listening to paraphrase Raymond Chandler if brains were elastic these guys wouldn't have enough to make suspenders for a parakeet.
It's the best not enough to land brains were elastic these guys would have enough to make suspenders for a parakeet which is perfect for the bush crew and of course for our crew you know.
Clara Bell and the clowns.
Clara Bell and Maddie Bell and Ma Bell and all the other bells baby Bell.
Wow speaking of crazy people Tom Cruise is attacking those who prescribed psychiatric drugs again in the May 6th issue of men's
down magazine GQ which I'm sure both of you guys read.
The actor embarked on anti drug tirade and TV interviews last summer on behalf of his Scientology believes as long as the fresh attack on psychiatry calling for prescription pill poppers to think carefully about the harms are doing to their bodies.
He tells the magazine I've always found that if it makes me feel better it's okay rationale a little bit suspect.
I think it's appalling that people have to live a life of drug addiction when I have personally helped people get out drugs she said he said in the interview the actor claims he can get someone up heroin in three days through Scientology's detox programs.
So if you're heroin addict if you're shooting up big time this call up Tommy Cruz okay he'll get you off.
We're going to be called Darren Dalton.
That'd be good and the two of them can have quite a yeah let's take that conversation.
Go 90 share for playing that.
Speaking of drugs drug firms are in vending disease this is going to be the scene of the American media wouldn't want to touch this because that would be bad for business.
Pharmaceutical firms are in vending diseases to sell more drugs researchers have warned.
Keep talking to this man a bunch of graveravers just like all that crap with the anthrax in the cipro and now we got this thing with a bird flu which we got a story I say for tomorrow about that too.
Not going to happen and rumestell's got all that stock in the company that's on that tamma flu you know.
Disease monitoring promotes non-existent.
Diseases exaggerates mile mile problems to boost profits in public libraries science medicine reports.
Researchers at Newcastle University in Australia said firms are putting healthy people at risk by medicalizing conditions such as menopause.
But the pharmaceutical industry denied invented diseases report authors David Henry and Ray Moynihan.
I wonder if he's kidding John Moynihan.
Criticized attempts to convince the public in the U.S. that 43% of women live with sexual dysfunction.
They also said that risk factors like high cholesterol and osteoporosis were being presented as diseases and where conditions such as restless leg condition, mile problems of irritable bowel syndrome were exaggerated.
IBNS like a bad you know like a messy BM.
The reports that disease monitoring is the selling of sickness that widens the boundaries of illness and grows the markets for those who sell and deliver treatments.
It is exemplified most explicitly by many pharmaceutical industry funded disease awareness campaigns more often designed to sell drugs than to educate or inform about the prevention illness or the maintenance of health.
More often designed to sell drugs.
The researchers called on doctors patients and support groups to be where the marketing tactics of the pharmaceutical industry and for more research in the way in which conditions are presented.
They added the motives of health professionals and health am
psychiores may well be the welfare of patients rather than aimed direct self interest and financial benefit.
But we believe that too often marketers are able to crudely manipulate those motivations.
Yeah those doctors like those free trips to Hawaii and those TV sets and those Jaguar is what I'm asking again right.
Yeah bastards.
Grave robbers butchers.
You know what the best doctor is?
Who's that?
No doctor.
Just stay healthy don't go to a doctor.
Just just see if like a little headache or something like a little twitch in your bowel.
Don't go to a shop there with doctor man they'll kill you and don't ever let them put you in a hospital till you're ready to die.
That's my best advice.
Do not go in a hospital unless you're planning on not coming out.
Especially Mount Sinai.
Oh you can't say that I have said a million times.
Now what they did to me in that place.
Oh brother.
I just don't think they like me in there.
Who is the weakest link on QA and that's our poll question today.
The weakest link.
Lenny Martez 209.
Wicked link rhymes with stink on the air.
Not good.
The crow 184.
Oh thank God there's only one opening day a season you know what?
Although he's probably going to get plenty airtime.
What do you think?
There's going to be some talking hardball.
Oh no.
We got the Roberto L'Hongos show a lot of Gildi on Friday.
Oh talking hardball on Saturday with the crow 4 to 5 30 Saturday afternoon.
And Sunday 11 to 12 30.
We got three and a half hours a three hours of the crow this weekend.
QAM 560 is the crow flies.
Crow's got 184 a strong second.
Gildi 144 a solid third.
George 118.
He's creeping on the edge of this.
Kim Blowkamp for 59.
Hanks got 48.
The big O36.
Curtis only 23.
They like him so God forbid let's not put him on.
Mad Dog 16 only of course and Eddie K. only 14.
Because most of our audience is sound asleep by that.
This is Neil Rudder.
This is 560 QAM.
If you think you have termites in your home you better call ridded pest control today to get a free termite inspection.
Ridded pest control uses that amazing orange or old treatment I've been telling you about the kills termites and their eggs.
100% on contact.
They're gone faster than you can say Claire Bell's a bozo.
If you have termites it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your home either.
No worrying about poisonous gas.
No moving out no hotel stays.
No worrying about food or pets in your health.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact when they're done treating your property the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days.
If you have a termite problem here's the thing to do.
Call ridded pest control right now and find out about their exclusive orange or old treatment.
They'll kill termites in the rest of 100% on contact.
No BS, no tending, no kidding.
Call them right now for a free no obligation inspection at 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
When you call make sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call 1-800-447-4348.
Anyway, kids up there gather around the radio.
You can't go back back back back back back back.
Yeah, watch your back back back back back.
Spread exact, especially in 2-1-M.
Watch your back, guys.
Good.
You failed.
Yes you just come back today.
The wilder voice that I'm doing.
I haven't changed yet.
If you do go out of the game and take a special note of those sentient earphones, I see little kids on a playground with the earphones in them.
I'm very sorry.
Call them, you were niggin down town.
Jammin' all the old men close up.
I'm the one on the hand.
You're scared.
You're scared.
You're scared.
You're scared.
You're scared.
You're scared.
You know that chick's death just a dance alive.
Every night she'd be on the floor shaking like she's dead.
All night, I had you, she was schooled, she was dressed up.
I mean she was female.
Oh my god.
And that time when we had Johnny's play,
we'll just check it out and then she said we got this big.
Damn, you just fell about the plate.
If that chick's no one to know, forget her.
Oh, it's a back in town.
I'll see you.
You got the rightnds.
People over and over again,
People over and over again.
Come back here.
Come back here.
Come back there.
You got the rightnds.
