When they make a representation of you that they're going to do something and they know full well they can't do it anyway.
Speaking of power and stern.
Yeah.
You've been following all the things that are going on with this with this lawsuit.
The lawsuit is absurd.
Okay.
Yeah.
CBS knew full well what he was doing on the year and they had the opportunity to pull him off the year anytime they wanted to.
But like I said the other day they wanted to squeeze every last dime out of that sponge before he was gone.
That's all.
Yeah.
This is just petrol and it's man they have got a triton man's chance.
I haven't read or heard from anybody who believes they got a chance of winning that suit.
Nobody.
Yeah.
I don't understand why you go well I guess they can afford it but still.
Why why why why are you saying that they're losing their ass now on all the CBS owned and operated stations that carried
here show their numbers are in the toilet now and they're the revenue is weighed down maybe they're using ourselves
Department on the side and they're losing their ass and so they're PO now they're going to like wow we're going to get you you know what's
they're not.
So you said your erstwhile attorney yeah I mean yes she's on the phone right now with Joyce.
Oh.
You say you know I'm a you fairy.
Oh gosh.
Oh it's just pathetic I just I think I might just play music today you know I just I don't you can't even get a simple answer.
And then when you told me that thing yesterday about the the Harold yeah I think that's resolved.
Is it really yeah that was that came from the old sales manager right I know that from the previous regime.
Yeah.
Thought they might be an advertiser you see these people are making up as they go along in other words we don't we don't know what the
guidelines are we don't know what we can say now you don't have to worry about playing comedy bits or stuff like that like we do
But we don't even know what the guidelines are anymore they won't tell us we got clearance now who just arbitrarily is making decisions based on what I have no idea must be his
vassiers of experience and talk radio.
Pathetic.
Trends today 1130 yeah ordinarily I haven't been doing the translate too much because it's not yeah it doesn't have to significant but we'll do it today anyway.
I'll kill some good time.
Supposing to what do you think Joyce killed Joyce I'd rather kill Joyce than kill time but what do you think will happen today with the
track are you asking me pretty I don't think much is going to happen because we got to wait till next month till November drops off
there that hurricane month yeah everybody was in the tank.
Mm-hmm.
I guarantee you the guys across the street are waiting for November to drop off they were like off the year that month.
Right Joel am I right yeah they're waiting.
Well no that's true I mean I had I mean who the hell was going to turn them on during the hurricane which they were even off the
year I think one or two days.
Well I had a nice afternoon at the ballpark yesterday.
Well that's good I had a nice afternoon or evening at the woodbind turned out how'd you do it was losing my
ass and then I made most of it back at the end my machine went crazy at the end and I did okay ran out of there.
The only the only negative thing my experience you know I always put a bunch of roll aids in my jacket pocket when I go there
because I keep drinking those diet coaxing all day they give you and it gives me odd to the
individual so I pop a roll aids every now and so one one time about six o'clock I get up for my
machine I put the cup on a chair I asked the person to watch my I'm gonna go take a leak I'm sorry Joyce take a
And I pop a roll aids in my mouth and I go to chew down I have bit my tongue man I'm gonna tell you in my life
I have I have never in my life bit my tongue that bad I mean just there was a big purple lump on there
looked like I don't know look like like those old chewing gum things we used to chew as you know the
ones you get out of the the little glass grape gum yeah like that that's exactly what it looked like my
favorite flavor by the way but now what I had in mind now Miraculous layer it's like all smooth and
they almost completely gone now tongue heals up fast I don't know why that is but I don't know but I
felt like it was eaten a deli sandwich with tongue which oh man how does anybody eat that yeah
I'm not reading tongue I can't look at it oh like her cheese my head cheese it's disgusting like Joe Bell
head cheese I have never eaten a tongue sandwich yeah I wouldn't even sniff it so anyway we'll
find out what Joyce has to say today but a bit a bit about my earth while lady attorney miscanners
on the phone wow I don't know I don't seem to have domestic and I'm talking to Joyce and I mean yeah you
couldn't resolve a bad about a diarrhea normal is that make it graphic enough I shouldn't be
lavern because it is pathetic it is pathetic I mean what what have we the obvious question is what is
it that we've done to deserve being treated like garbage like subhuman garbage you know and the
new guy like I said he's a glad handry walks around hey patent everybody on the back roll he
poise a good guy but he is clueless man he is clueless clueless and that's why he was
supposed to talk to Norma this morning but instead Norma's talking to Joyce because she's the one
that's really running the radio station you know me hey what hand do I wife with oh you have to
call up Joyce she's the one making corporate decisions on matters like that we'll have to talk to Joyce
and of course in case the audience would be interested in knowing I'm sure they would because they
love this stuff there there is nobody who could well I think my audience knows that all right there's
nobody who could possibly worse than running the joint than her because no matter what it is
about can we play this one just no can we do it no can we say no we don't even get the question out
of your mouth no no no no no I think she's got a limited vocabulary but her favorite word is no that's
it no no rhymes with mom in fact you know something I'd rather bring him back and get rid of her ass
not even close not even a contest at least he was good for a few yucks absolutely nothing funny
about that bitch Joyce bitch rhymes with bitch or should I say that we're on your time that's okay
you see this this bit this comedy bit that your program director your erstwhile a former
approach here that he censored which I was not a big deal one way or the other it happened to be
about the beeslees it's called measly apology and we still don't have an answer as to why it was
over the line the reason it was over the line it had nothing to do with sexual connotation it had
to do with the fact it was about the beeslees and about our clearance is so terrified now he's
he's bringing he's bringing in cartons of the pins do now listen to standing at his office door now
chain is under where we talk 15 minutes peeing in his pants
this is the near rod you show on sports radio 5s yeah that's right listen don't bother me
I'll I tell you I don't do suspensions okay I'm I'm saying what exactly what I'm thinking
it could be a long four hours today wait not no ballgame like we did yesterday and that was the
only thing saving grace yesterday we had that ballgame you ask these people a simple question
what are the guidelines where do we draw the line who's making who's calling the shots why don't we
discuss these things and but a bit but a bit but a bit about that here joins us on a fold my
attorney you know that that's an answer that's to be fine you're talking about my 30th anniversary
what a joke what a what a laugh it's like the old gildy slapping like that oh yeah here you go
happy anniversary and by the way I bend over
oh bad really bad bad timing nice going Joe Bell you're doing it baby you're on top of it
but he's still getting his feet wet you know he's still getting the lay of the land
well he's been here almost a month then you're almost two months has it been that long yeah it's your
hands oh time goes by yeah sure does when you're having fun it's the third of March it's the
eyes of March coming baby that's when I'm going to start selling things here what your new sales
manager see there's always well this is coming and that's coming with this new sales manager won't
even show up until Monday say the guys coming from the Carolinas wherever it is and I don't know
about you but I'm not getting a new copy I'm not getting nothing I'm not naming you nothing
we're not not no I take that back duck got me a new copy for our friend John De Baker that's it
that's a melody of our new copy duck gets it fun over there they should make
enough to sell man no they should make tough the program director is what they should do
see when duck was the whatever the hell his title skeptic change and when he was demoted the
first time even then still we would listen to the book of Brian vitz and he would like if he had a
question we'd listen to it together in the bait you know back and forth is this overlined as
it need to be redone should we just skip it off yeah like like adults like adults but now we
got your first while junior program director keeps disappearing two three days at a time to go
to buy basketball games and it's well he just decided and if you don't agree with me call Joe
Bell and Joe will tell you know of course Joe really has got great expertise in deciding about
these things that's why Joyce is on the phone now with Norm Kent see I don't think I should even be
here right now under these circumstances I think I should be in bed well I'm going to listen
to see how this all plays out no you're really well what do you mean how it plays out what's
going to play what is going to play out well what the Kyle I want to hear about the conversation
well how am I going to know about that I'm on the air here now he says to me oh I'll call you
during a break I'm on the phone with Joyce now I got around he's got to call me during a break my
telephone is in the other room what am I going to do I have a phone in here while I'm on the
year doing a radio show I don't know about you but the breaks aren't long enough on this
good point excellent point
you got one break in the second hour that's like three minutes of trade-outs
and all you have all the new sales people run around here really yeah well I probably don't
even know who most of Mars at this point or here like a like a like a like a draidel like a top
when you're in school all you people even to go and they spun a top when you're like in kindergarten
first grade and little top spins around that's how are the doors done or the sales department
just spinning around and they're coming in and going out you know you got to admit it makes
a really good drama for the audience but for me it's not not my idea the way I wanted to
celebrate 30 years on the air I'm having to make a big sim is not being able to get like a simple
answer from somebody and of course you can't get an answer from somebody who doesn't know the
it doesn't know the answer to the question well I think I'll start the weekend if I ask you about
Gary Cohen again you say who that's why I stopped asking about Gary Cohen yeah
what about him
you wouldn't know Gary Cohen from Muddy Cohen okay just got the crap I've met Mara Barry Cohen
yeah bear oh now it's Barry Cohen I see yeah very Cohen you met you met a lot of coins I'm sure of that
including ice cream Cohen that's probably your favorite Steve Cohen oh you're not going to do the
Joey Car thing can I we dining and dancing we're not going to do that please definitely not Joey
Car and his brother Steve Cohen hey Joey how come your brother's last name is Cohen and your name is
Car oh interesting question is he still alive by the way Joey Car no I don't think so I sure hope
he was not a pleasant guy why didn't like him at all how unusual they don't you don't like anybody
no no I told you about that that one of the great scenes of error witness was when he and Russell
Aces got into a fight at a media party really oh you never told you that story no I never heard
all they went at it really Joey Car accused him of stealing clients from good nice going
next thing you knew they were throwing hands yeah I'll be damned it was one of the
fall preview parties and one of the television stations had I wanted to go was it that they were
slugging it out excellent who went to fight hey it was broken up pretty quickly but I don't think
Joey would have wanted to go on over no I don't think so never the crepe it all would you like him
I mean the car car not Cohen car yeah whatever happened to the guy I bet you he died too the guy
used to do the dog racing show without teeth on it whatever that channel was back to channel 23
before it became my nose beginning glaze what that was his name jica used to bet show and then
there was that other guy in fact Larry Sam Sam Tyson guys in very good what a mammary yeah he's
the only guy that in a history of broadcast he ever did a show with no teeth in yeah that's
that's a true story he used to do the dog racing show on TV and I would swear that he was
gumming the words he had no teeth in his mouth he asked can about that in a glass can't
tell you it's true story can's in the next room I guarantee a Sam Tyson I ain't he sleeps with the
dog he's I mean the fish is yeah he's gone yeah long gone he was a hundred years old when he was
on TV that was 30 years ago that's right oh yeah what stories huh anything anything is that
I version is good today other than Joyce I'm so I'm so depressed and you're ready to jump it's a
beautiful sunny damn right a hop out on the balcony just jump just do a swan dive you want to
hurt anybody down there in the street but how's it going eight there's a snow out there and
there's no snow now there's just there's no drop of snow it's sunny there's not a cloud in the
sky it's mighty cool but it's it's in the 20s but it's beautiful life could be beautiful except for
that place well I've got some friends coming in from out of town for the fountain of youth tomorrow oh
it's tomorrow yeah so you know and I know what I want it oh my god Boog Shambi is going to do for ESPN
the Tokyo World Baseball Classic games instead of sending him to Tokyo they're he's got to do
the games from their studio and Bristol Connecticut yeah well what kind of a cheap ass deal is that
they've done that before with that boxer lame he's going to do the game off a monitor that's really
pathetic they've done that with they used to do that with international soccer they used to do it
this is this baseball man this is something that somebody in America cares about I'm sure there
are a lot of people watching the Taiwan Japan game today that for damn sure in fact what does that
on now I'm not a go the Chinese I got to get on this over but the Taiwan game may cut into your
audience I think it starts in a couple hours good well I'm gonna be ribbing today I gotta get
ready to go watch it yeah and Orlando Elzacquiri rock solid appreciates new QAM General Manager Joe
Bell covering his travel cost in this week's NFL Combine after he paid out of his pocket the
previous three years writes the very jackass in the a fish wrapper I didn't like that did you see
that I did yeah that's joe bell man what a guy I think you're the important stuff that's good
take good care of the big old man rock solid he's the anchor of the station
what are you chocolate about that's just so absurd it is it is happy anniversary and by the way
where can we stick this foot in fact we got a couple of feet we'd like to stick in there and here
it is it's 12 minutes active 10 and we still don't have an answer from clearance your earth while
protégé I'm gonna blame you for part of it we still don't have an answer from him as to what's
wrong with that bit still have no no explanation and of course we who the hell might have
been tangled with an explanation he's the dictator now he's the new dictator by way of joys I
mean he's just a puppet he she flips the arms and you know like like a myriad of people's all the
strings so congratulations we're not working and remember all that stuff they try to get us to sign
yeah this this is their way of doing it they're coming into back door now we're gonna
manipulate you we're gonna clamp down on you guys we're gonna yeah well whatever good luck to you
I always wanted to go back and be a DJ again you know playing music I don't know what you're
laughing about what what would be wrong with that I'm laughing at you they can't force me to talk
if I want to play music I'll play freaking music for four hours if they'll play a Chinese
miserca's if they want to fiddle around with me okay you probably don't good taste don't want to
treat people like human beings they want to manipulate they want to be the big bords boss they want
to tell us we can do it as we can you know we can't do that why wouldn't they have started this
back before they decided to put for well and stern on here before they jeopardize the license
Joyce you and I are not the ones who put their license at risk Joyce
anyway I'm past the first break already we do have a few spots not a whole lot
but you just wait and see me when that new sales manager comes in on Monday it's gonna be
as kickin time baby you believe me we'll be all spots again there you go all spots for radio
could be that's okay it'll kill out of good time that way anyway yes that's what I'm for well
listen have a great weekend are you gonna be doing the broadcast no we don't have it ABC doesn't
have the fun of you if NBC has it I don't know if you see it it may not be on my my first
broadcast is March 24th NBC not that Tom what's the guy with a white hair I can't hang it I don't like
him I know he had some kind of a heart problem or something I shouldn't pick on him but I don't like
him at all see you don't like anybody I like yeah all Michaels I like him yeah now but you do
not mean all Michaels huh I like all Michaels yeah that's what I said yeah I don't like Tom
Hammond he's very remember remember a guy named Jim Simpson years ago of course and then there was
a Flemingville Fleming yes he was always had these kind of like they did golf they did basketball
they did baseball they're like kind of like jack of all trades kind of guys you know that's what
Tom Hammond is on NBC you know yeah they thought there there was some talk that he was gonna be the
Sunday night voice when they got prime time football there was never a chance at that
happening never would have been embarrassing I've been worse than Jimmy Cifilis doing the
daughter they were they were they would have put Chris Collins worth and they were never done
by place Collins with before they were they were to done that man I'm starting to get the chills
and sweats now well listen have a great weekend no lose too much spread it out when it
doubts spread it out I'm with you as Derek said step right up don't be afraid send it in well you
have a better day oh yeah it's gonna be good man it's gonna be great just like maybe we can
get Joyce on here on a conference call see him on day all right be well because of restrictions
by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida marlins baseball here online at WQA on the next
Oprah you'll be shocked you'll be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next however long
until she shocks you again Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today everyone in the studio
audience all 276 members get a brand new liver
everybody get a rainbow tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new
you villa the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey
everybody get a three-foot helper monkey
the next day all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
everybody get a brush in your home give me the weight great stuff she didn't have to pay for
even though she could easily afford to and next season everybody in the studio audience get
everybody get a
new
you keep money 10 17 already look at that time it's fine we better get with it
find the hunter I miss to the king for a flying bird that is not an initiative guilt mine you
I shot a hunter and for 24 hours I didn't say one
if he's could have let me hit on all of my press releases but that's a different story
I tried to keep this thing all a hush now everyone's aware that with the exception of prison bush
they say my hunting license wasn't a good date and my aim isn't all that great
I was never in the army so as a result I was never trained to shoot that street so I say
this is a catching tune what is it some kind of clip so scooter would know I shot a hunter
but the CIA reported that the time he was infected with and if the CIA says it it's good enough for
the country I shot a hunter but I don't know why in the kids that our intelligence is failed
I prefer to think of it this way the man's face was liberated from the oppressive regime of his
school and America is safer because of it that is all dismissed
I want to blow out my brain
10 22 at 5 60 W.D. 2 on the van is going to be out in fact we got two hits today how do you like that
there's one another one the voice is born by the way or I'd like to blow her brains out
let's see noon to 2 we got the the Q&A of the shell gas station on Sheridan street just west of
I-95 they'll also have a map taking you to a Georgia's house in that neck of the woods that's
right not too far away Georgia I'd like a nice up a great drive through yes give everybody a big fat one
the valibate the shell gas station on Sheridan street just west of I-95 between noon and two with
our about 30 babies and commemorative t-shirts 20 bucks a piece of benefit of
and periscuit in 800 bucks yesterday it wasn't that bad for a horrible location
2800 we got plus whatever's going online which will find out in a matter of days
and that's pretty good start when you agree that is a good start especially under the circumstances
correct there's a dark cloud hanging over the show and this radio station our lives it's
so really sad on all-joice radio I think that we get some new jingo is all-joice radio
we're just gonna say joyce for every word right joyce joyce joyce for the six p.m. CDs and
t-shirts available with the big oh rock solid for the grand opening of sports clips 87 63
sterling road and Cooper city that's between four and six this afternoon go buy and see the big
rock solid tell him hey congratulations that Joe Bell is picking up the time for you to go to that
NFL combine whatever that is sure that Josh could tell us what the NFL combine as we do the
city I've got to do it far with it is that what it is you still don't know bowling for combine I
saw that that's it well what do you mean I still don't know I don't know and I don't care how's that
what is it a long story short it's a bunch of tests they give the rookies to see how they do oh my
god in a big oh rock solid out to that oh yes he do that every year I was with the guys or what
that is really exciting I feel that I was like a really uh I had really accomplished my
goal in life if I was attending the NFL combine every anyway my spendel haven't heard from little
Mike let's do some trivia my come on let's go back to the old days at I&C and KAT let's do some
trivia let's get Bob and Barbara Martin on the air with Craig Worthing and this is some trivia Mike
Mike says the best of luck in the next 30 years in the business broadcast pop pop pop podcast pop
up toasters etc best of luck you saw what there's merely water congratulations why why a little bit
well thanks Mike that's a nice nice nice at a very difficult time for all of us here on all
Joyce radio I don't know who I'm more disgusted with let's see you got Joe Bell and Joyce and
the Norma Kent and of course clearance goes without saying a small potatoes here's a
fact from Maryland who says good house keeping magazine had a pull on male body wash and the winner
out of 27 brands was Adidas adrenaline now I just went in I do have one Adidas in there but it's
the one I got a couple of acts in there if you want to ask me about it and then I got like I told
you spring splash man a green bottle the news s1 that is a manly smell oh god you'll smell like
hercules with that but it's really good stuff oh I've all this now I got all those s1s I got the
pink one I'm sorry and I got the blue one and I think there's any yellow one the yellow one's
pretty good too but the green one the spring splash you'll feel like you're ready to take on the
world I don't know what you're laughing about it's good no it's invigorating man it's good stuff
and you don't smell like that when you're done with that I mean yeah I like Josh in the beginning
oh do you other want to smell like lilacs yeah trust me that was never coming out of my mouth but okay
what body wash has never come out of your mouth no that's supposed to drag it I know that's
what Dustin the smell was never in question yeah my first experience was I just felt really slimy
yeah the texture well that's what you were using in bad wars you're right you know you're supposed
to use one at what now I know what you're talking about because there are some of them they're
like the consistency they come out of the you squeeze it out of the bottles like blobs you know
in the fallout floor the shower exactly you think it's body wash but it's not oh god I can try to
think of which ones were like that there were a couple of brands oh fat man like the love this
stuff and then you try to smear it on you know it just slides out of the shower floor down the drain
which is good for them of course because you're using like tons of it you know you could like you
use the whole bottle for one shower uh-huh it's right a smear any onion if I wish me or this
joys okay you back to midget now seriously I want the world to know I want to curse if anybody
wrote about radio in this market it would be revolutionary but they don't but it's quite a
scandalist that we have joys fate who is eminently unqualified she's a medical issues attorney from
Virginia or Maryland somewhere up in that neck of the woods she has no background in broadcast
thing she has helped to conspire to put us in a position where you know we're broadcasting like
pirate radio with no license that's in limbo because of the decisions on for all and certainly
to want to turn which was just unbelievably old time and uh and hers he's sitting back there
making decisions what we can say on the air like she knows something about it and clearance is
yes man yes man why don't you say man oh yes that yes that yes that yes that you know
so we don't have anybody on our side of course Joe he's walking my hey hey everybody
let me get my feet wet it's the what for drive-foot policy if you I am you know
what is he going to get at least one foot dry already yeah where's the other way around is he
going to get one foot wet I'm not really sure which it is at least get one foot on
your camera please but that's really something that you have your agent is supposed to be
called the general manager to discuss in which isn't really that much of a major issue but it's a
bone of contention something needs should be ironed out and he's on the phone with a corporate
attorney this morning who's running the radio station she's calling all the shots we got face
people man they're calling all the shots in Naples and that's because they're such great broadcast
that's because they know they're crap I should play that bit you know and I still don't even know
if I can play the one that I put together you know the one the censored one that I clipped
out it is certainly not no well I don't know based on what there's nothing dirty in that one
oh because it's about 30 the other way that's the real reason that we don't want to play that
bit is because it's called measly apology and it's about the beesleaves and it mentions Caroline you
know I still think she'd look good with a red rubber ball in her mouth every time by the circle come
it right up who should be the democratic party's presidential candidate in 2008 we asked yesterday
1750 votes not too bad howardine 392 now we're talking right that's exactly right I was going to
say it myself 392 for howie it makes no difference 350 and of course that can be for variety reasons
and they're probably right Hillary Clinton 271 Columbia records the circle in red rubber ball I would say
1968 69 there about I just noticed how they they how they spelled circle see why R.K. Ali yeah
I played that I was a disjockey back here that you can't let me zoom Hillary Clinton 271 Al Gore 144
Barack Obama 132 Wesley I say he's good for VP man because America's not ready for a black
president but he'd be really strong for the V.S. Wesley Clark 103 he'd say hell of a deli sandwich
he might even want to eat a little chunk of my tongue that I chew last night John Edwards 87 Joe Biden
83 I don't care 72 well that's great that's great I don't care 72 well you mama okay I hate this
poll 49 I don't mind that Mark Warner 39 the outgoing governor of Virginia who's been touted
for whatever reason because nobody ever heard of him and in last place sucking wind man way behind
the rest of the field in dead last John Kerry with only 28 votes nobody wants her to monster for
president and you wonder how they were to fix that last one so easily no I don't want it's a
death wish it's that Democratic death wish maybe we can bring back Michael do caucus time what do you
say or wonder mind the other guy elected to the Senate Minnesota against the anxious norm Coleman
used to be Norma Kent's roommate 10 30 already where we're getting way behind what times that ball game
the emerald coast is four does number one agent who are made from phase red
Jennings what a life oh I mean tremendous sort of calls
those still are Georgia hello hi there hi first of all Larry I want to thank you for
channeling Mr. Jennings from beyond the great force okay Peter how aren't things in hell well
it's hard I never thought it was going to be anything but hard so I guess now you're really a
smoker huh oh yeah I think it goes with the territory goes with the territory oh california
for Peter Jennings hello hey Peter do you know any dead celebrity joke no man if I did I wouldn't say
so well the wind city Kansas hello yeah Peter are the rumors true is hell really a couple
degree cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie I think the answer is yes but you've
asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today some are said Kentucky
for Peter Jennings hello hi gentlemen hi mr. Jennings is there a lean gay on music in a hell yes
and it just happens it goes on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after end oh my I think
that would make my ears bleed oh many do indeed one more call we have them in it left downers
grow Illinois hello mr. Jennings what would you like for Christmas uh sudden who's saying oh so
don't you wish yes as the George Bush George Bush is also Peter Jennings yeah thank you
as always thanks I was really nice to see oh I'm speaking of hell there's Rick Sanchez on CNN and he's
doing they're doing a piece here on police chases so if there's anybody that they got the right
guy there man if it bleeds it leads and it's oh maybe he'll run into somebody again I guess they
don't realize that he's not safe behind the wheel always out there unlike that demolition course
you know he's on it whatever they call that thing obstacle course yeah all the obstacles that
guy stand in front of the stadium dammit he still did Steven Nashville says there are Marlins
games today oh no not at least not on the air anyway the reason I ask is on the internet when you
go to a break the recording of someone saying for contractual reasons the Marlins game cannot be
streamed on the internet what's up with that fricking QA and he says that's a good question Steve
last choice love you man can't wait for my 30 man CD to arrive have a great weekend you two
Stephen Nashville we got some good news finally some great news oh thanks to Miguel thank you
Miguel 15960 box online I just got an email I thought for sure the email was from that erstwhile
I'll leave you all a hint but it's not what when you were thought I would have thought that I
get a heads up or in his case a heads down I think is what norm is familiar with or maybe heads
up and heads down so how about that total 5960 online so our total including yesterday and the
day before 2800 is 8700 bucks so we got the fire grand as sent back to the beesleys stuff it
Joyce okay stuff away to moon don't shine and we still got 3700 left over to get started with
for abandonment rescue and it's just a couple of days that's good aren't you impressed I am
impressed he came in here to tell me the total and we were really shocked by that guessing game
and I kept guessing online well that's because a lot of people they don't want to schlep all
these different places they can sit there right on their ass in order to run online the T-shirt
and the CD or both either one whatever there he is again watch out a monitor but there's
Ricky Dickie said it's as fast as he's ever man oh don't run him over now that would be really bad
by the way the kind of film that a game today I beg your pardon the marlins do have a game today
I said not on the year I said that I kind of like covered my ass there a little bit because I don't
know what the schedule is nor could I care less about these exhibitionist baseball games at
what time is their game today oh 105 so you wish they were not carrying it come on man come on
the Marlin fans want to catch a little break here how did they do yesterday how did I came turn out
they won six to four all right see the marlins undefeated marlins are playing and we're not
carrying it what kind of a state we're kind of a flagship station are we anyway we have
courtesy to four that's always good to see he's good man does actually a good show and can speak
the language English mad dog at bonefish max four to six thirty panthers preview not those
panthers they should have saved a couple of those goals from Tampa when he won eight to two because
they didn't get none last night against those frogs from Montreal they got shut out one
often so they're playing at Carolina and I think that could be really tough hurricanes at the best
team in league for my money even better not a while panthers at Carolina the pregame at six thirty
game at seven o'clock with Eddie K. Fondley game that's our award-winning lineup no marlins broadcast
today we apologize for that here's our poll today I still can't get over that almost six grand
online that's pretty good sign and those numbers coming out at 11 thirty we got the trends which
I allied when I said we weren't going to spend any time on the trends anymore because it's only once
one out of three months I lied about watching yeah well we're interested in it no it's not that it's
just that'll kill out of good time and I'm in sickle surely moved with what's going on around me I
mean can't you know it's not like where it's not rocket science okay Joe we're asking a very simple
question what's the problem with that bet how are we going to deal with these issues in the future
if we had some kind of change in policy which would be nice to know and but a bit but a move but a
bout oh my god I'm just getting my feet wet don't ask me these tough questions and I'm not
like that it's it's it's be you know Hank used the word pathetic pathetic is the understatement
of the century you know I mean nice guy is one thing but where's the background in talk radio
where's the background in making these decisions SCC law all of it all these
already said I don't see it and of course a little parents there he's just scared of his own shadow
now if you mentioned Joyce he jumps about two feet up in the air like that you notice that's
what Josh Curtis told me this morning he said somebody mentioned Joyce and he just almost hit
the ceiling 750 votes what do you believe about 9 11 they bushes allowed it to happen 309 said that
how do you like that well you talk about a little approval rating they allowed it to happen they
know it was coming just like FDR and Pearl Harbor but they allowed it to happen because it
it opened up the way for all their other plans which are blowing up right in their face and the
Iraqi's faces as well with that secondary curfew going on out too we'll never know 177 that's
probably the real story like everything else we'll never know but it is written it is written in
a good book it was only al-Qaeda 158 the neocons were behind it I voted for that and so did
George 64 the neocons this is part of Penaq and they're whole they're whole vision of what they
need to enable them to do their thing their evil work this is this is so sad it makes me want to bite
my tongue again on the other side even about Saddam Hussein was involved 15 now we know that he was not
involved there is absolutely not a so this until of evidence to indicate that he was here and the
innuendo is that the bushes keep making about wow you know keep lumping it in together 15 people
believe that Saddam Hussein was involved there is no possibility none zero in fact I got a story
today about those ooloon tubes that Bush knew that they were not for building up on a bomba how do
you like that a lot of good stories if I get to rate I hate this pool 15 and the CIA don't it 12
I should have put the dog on it 759 votes I think we got a shot at a thousand did they don't you
yes we did got a really good shot 761's a matter of fact who what do you believe about 9 11 and
you should really watch that a loose change parts one and two on our website I don't think anybody's
really watching it it'll take a little time but it's really raise your eyebrows and grow some
hair in places that don't choice wouldn't be too happy about I mean we we we have gone full cycle
now okay see when Greg was to see now you're beginning to understand why things happened the way
Greg Reed was removed because he was the impediment he was the one standing in the way and making
these backdoor deals they don't want anybody like that they want a glad hander yes man is going to
walk around and be jolly and pet people on the back and so that Joyce can sit over to her Naples
and make all the corporate decisions Joyce Fitz is the general manager the program director the
operations manager the sensor she is the BNN that's why we can't play that big because she's got
she got the apple in the mouth and that one or the other rubber ball right now the red rubber ball
I think she'd look you with a rubber ball or normal so she looks like donkey and of course in Naples
you'd expect there's that circle again careful 10 42 at 5 60 W and we got Curtis at 2 in a mad
dog at 4 that's all you need to know just mark that down on your arm beach Ford has gone mad it's
madness in March all this month at beach Ford they've just missed having a record last month
so they're going to plan to break break that record this month and I bet you they do right now
extended camp Ford F-150s hours low is 249 bucks a month with just 995 bucks down plus
these will approve credit in 39 monthlies madness in March at beach Ford means you must be mad if
you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles if
you're not in the market for a new car but no somebody who is sent them into beach for by the way
you're fired norm if they take delivery in March beach Ford will send you 200 bucks that money
comes from beach for its advertising budget and I want my money back so it won't affect your
friends price don't miss out on this once a year of that beach Ford's madness in March it's
going on right now we shouldn't tell Paul that crazy old Neil sent you in he'll just he'll just
be in his pants when you say that extended camp Ford 150s is lower 249 bucks a month discounts
and rebates up to 10 thousand bucks and $200 just for referring a friend so hurry on and you
know like Ron told Piel says tell a friend about it
beat them start coming
yeah
what's up in the down say this doesn't look like to creep I must have taken a wrong
payment is in his thing
it won't have been in me other my cop
I'll go everybody was up
so
you show me how to use a car seat for my baby
because I need to know now I stupid mess is killing me
I finished my conversation after I came back from a reasonable outing at Woodline yesterday.
Last night about 8 o'clock I get home. I call up Norma Kent, my first-while agent lady.
After I finished my conversation I was so apoplectic. I took my blood pressure. I was never heard of a blood pressure like this.
222 over 94.
That's a high.
We got our own little meter at home.
I kind of doubled up my medication there. This morning it was at 1.24 over 70 which is fine for those of you keeping track of my.
The guy that's waiting to come to my funeral start right now. My blood pressure this morning was 95.
So I don't plan any trips soon. I'm doing okay.
Like I always do in miraculous recovery in spite of these people who are trying very diligently to put me in the grave.
I think what it really comes down to is they don't really want me on here anymore so the deal is they're trying to let kill me.
Because they know I'm just not going to leave willingly.
And I'm sure as hell don't want to pay me off to go away because these teeth bastards.
So the deal is they're trying to put me in the ground.
So anybody that I know anybody who I'm even acquainted with if something grotesque could happen to me in the next couple of months you'll realize the beesleaves were the ones that killed me.
Okay. Massive lawsuit it sounds like to me.
Doesn't sound good. Sounds good.
Yeah. I think I have ample and addition and of course norm up to 222 over 94.
That was because norm is so frustrating. In fact I think he's more aggravating than Joyce.
Very clear and simple huh? Bye bye norm. I want my money back to I want to rebate.
You're done. You're as useless as boobs on a on a frog's ass.
A daytime vehicular crew was said in effect.
What I say curfew that say crew curfew was in effect today in Baghdad.
This then bacteria and violence in mid-war that government attacked two brick factories.
The government also ran a tank of facility and said part of it on fire.
And Iraqi emergency police officials say they're in a separate attack.
The government targeted the power station now raw one.
I mostly she had area 16 miles east of Baghdad wounding two guards there and not going out electricity in the city.
The night of Carter and Trace Thursdays that told the least 40.
All we want is a little electric a little bit of water. Can you handle that? Can you give us that Mr. Bush?
No. No.
Don't you think things are a hell of a lot better now in fact here's proof of it.
Here's proof that we really have created a great environment there in Iraq where before I mean Sodom ruled with an iron fist and thumb.
And he wouldn't put up with all these terrorist groups because they were they represented the threat to him.
So he wouldn't allow any of that crap going on now.
US officials tell CBS news that intelligence has picked up reports that al-Qaeda in Iraq is planning what once was called the big bang.
A spectacular terrorist attack in Iraq against either a single high profile target or multiple targets simultaneously.
You're fired Norm.
Last week's mass bombing in the city of Samara that brought Iraq to the Brinke civil war where you keep talking a choice but you're fired anyway.
Was the work of terrorists some US officials have theorized album with savas our cow.
Remember we almost got hand and we almost got this way.
Right. Right. And get them.
It seems to be betting that another big bang would push the country over the brink report CBS news correspondent David Martin.
The bomb in one of the holiest sites for Shia Muslim Saddam finalists all across the country left hundreds dead hundreds.
In fact over 1300 digest between Wednesday and then to the weekend last this past weekend.
The Iraqi government has banned all private vehicles and bagged that during daylight hours today.
The Muslim prayer day just as it is last week that kept car bombs with the military vehicle aboard and improvised the IEDs off the streets.
But sarcoa just waited till the ban was lifted.
The day to vehicle ban was lifted all those VBIEDs that he had staged and that he deployed in Iraq and detonated over the last three days said Major General Rick Lynch a US military spokesman.
And it just go and Pentagon officials also were that a terrorist spectacitor will undermine administration claims about progress in Iraq and therefore weakened public support for the war at home as if of course the reasoning.
Not too much around no more.
Got a huge pile of stuff here today you know it of course 11 30 those friends are coming out and I'm sure I'm going to be getting a very illuminating email from Norma Kent very soon which I probably ought to read on the air.
Probably said this and Joyce said that by the loop but I will play like that.
No the reason we can't play that one bit and again far be it for me we got thousands of vits to play that's not the issue with the reason we can't play that one is because it's about the beesleaks.
And then there that hotline started ringing.
Oh WQA and bat line.
How you going?
This is Norm and I'm in the air in the middle of my shoulder we want to discuss this on here now because obviously I can't speak to you off here.
No I just want you to I just want you to check your email I thought George is going to answer this call.
Oh I'm very known.
You know we had that conversation with Norm for 15 years.
What's that he's fine.
He always calls on the hotline even though he's got every other number and I've always told him to call any other number except that one.
He only ever calls that one.
Bye bye Norma have a great life.
Don't pick up too many more runaways.
They'll get you every time.
Oh look at them there's two.
Let's see I received a commitment from Joyce but we have a okay so I read this on a year I'll read on it.
Oh not for publication.
Oh no no wait for the publication.
Oh okay.
I have received a commitment from Joyce Fitz that the station will reengage the process where Josh will not summarily or arbitrarily unilaterally make the sins on the property of sound bites or musical bits which are created in third parties but rather discussions will be held with you as was the custom practice in policy and the past.
You read higher Norm not for publication let me read that but I'm eat but you've got to make some noise here because I haven't I haven't received any male from Josh Darrow that is incorrect George has I have received none.
Zero.
Have I received any?
Were there any with my name on him?
You tell me.
No.
I look all through your email.
No.
I just did that with Howard David.
I'm not sure I'm in a clear I'm going to be put a little bit more I don't have time to read all this I think it is fair to say me oh yeah.
Yeah bless it out of the peacemakers because what was that line in the godfather three.
He always got a piece.
Oh and now here's a correction the complete sentence should have read regardless but me I see okay well here's it's too complicated for me to do all that on the earth.
There you go there's a little you know could have been something about 30 seconds.
We had some decision makers and Joe Bell wants to be the peacemaker the glad hander pet everybody on the back everybody be happy smile life is too short but a bit but you like that.
He's like the good humor man except without the popsicles you know the good humor man which is okay he's a good guy he's just incompetent or maybe not incompetent he's just impudent that that's the word I'm looking for excuse me extra syllable.
Impudent he has been deballed and deflowered Joyce is the removal of whatever manhood he wants to have he is now just a quizzling just like every and of course Clarence he's like quizzling junior.
So my deepest sympathies to both of them because you know they're not bad guys personally all our Clarence is starting to edge into that direction but you know they just can't they can't help themselves like the four tops.
By the way Joyce said you can't say manhood.
Oh well guess what she ought to know because I understand the rumor has it that she's pretty well endowed.
She's in the hood in the hood yeah she got to find find crib.
Dubai point I see I gave some this information that's because of Lou dobs whose hyper ventilating and I think Lou dobs is just trying to exploit this thing and be like the play the hero role you know which is okay at least somebody's on their
screen about it but he it strikes me as being so out of character for him and so insincere you know.
So all of course he does hate anything from the Middle East and anybody who's you know he's more xenophobic than Papu Cannon if that's possible.
Dubai ports world 6.85 billion out of acquisition of Britain's P&O will close either today or Monday by Monday despite that additional 45 day review by the US government
response to security concerns a US Treasury Department officials had yes turd day my understanding is that the deal will not close today.
The deputy Treasury Secretary Robert Kim it told us in a panel I still want the money back norm you're useless although they had announced March 2nd is the closing date that deal will not now close until tomorrow or Monday.
Well this was yesterday so until today or Monday Kim made a statement in response to a question from lawmakers on the Senate Banking Committee but here's the big spot here's our only hope the great white hope.
The chairman of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee said yesterday he would introduce legislation requiring foreign companies to divest any holdings of US infrastructure critical to national security which of course would block that planned sellout.
Duncan Hunter a California Republican also vowed to kill with legislation that pending deal to allow a state-owned Arab company to manage terminals in major US ports I think terminal being the operative word.
He said infrastructure such as ports electric grid and power plants should not be owned by foreign firms under his legislation any foreign companies that own critical infrastructure would be required to divest so it's owned by Americans.
Hunter told you for you go baby.
I bet your loob dobs will have a lot of the kiss in my boat cheeks.
He had them on the other night. He'll be back. He'll be kissing both cheeks back home.
Like that man. He's going to purple lips by the time that segment's over on loob dobs and CNN.
Man, well I'll tell you what they better kiss in his ass than GW.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Martland's baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Martland's game is over we were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Martland's baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Martland's game is over we were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
When the Martland's game is over we were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Martland's baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Martland's game is over we were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
Because of restrictions by major league baseball we cannot stream Florida Martland's baseball here online at WQAM.com.
When the Martland's game is over we were turned to regular programming here online at WQAM.com.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
Hard to ask.
This is your boy.
Hey, fold your script.
Any questions?
No.
No.
I had a lot of money in my 401K.
With that ground, ground, ground, ground, ground.
But it went down the toilet in just one day.
With that ground, ground, ground, ground.
With that ground, ground.
Yeah, we cooked the food.
Yeah, those freaking crows.
But that ground, ground, ground.
And then, ground, ground, ground.
And then, ground, ground.
I used to hear the paint you got with eyes and sad.
So then, ground, ground, ground, ground, ground.
Now I'm asking if you like fries with that.
So then, ground, ground, ground.
That's where you keep your goal.
You should see someone call.
When they get you to death row.
From end run, run, run, run.
From end run, run.
You fail.
Yeah, I have no rules.
And I want you to choose.
All the combat with the gun.
And then, run, run, run, run.
Oh, yeah.
Here's the thanks from Rick.
This is Watch Loose Change on your website.
Thanks for putting it on there.
But thank God for you, Rick, that somebody actually watched it.
There's one besides us.
I probably would have never seen it otherwise.
I haven't watched the second one yet.
Have you watched part two?
No, I'm going to burn it.
Yeah, you're going to burn one all right.
I'm sure they'll watch it.
The video is amazing and really disturbing.
That is absolutely correct, Rick.
I showed it to a friend of mine who voted for Bush,
regrets it now every day that he did.
And he had a stunned reaction.
Granted, he skeptical and cautious.
All the info should be verified.
I agree.
But certain things he couldn't help but accept.
As they are so clear, it's indisputable.
I want to know those who are addicted to the bedtime stories
and read them every day.
No loose hope.
There are some of us who still do read.
Keep up the great work.
Thank you, Rick.
That's nice facts.
We need that today.
On a day when again, five years of my life had been chopped off
because of the fact that we got a bunch of incompetence,
a bunch of silly people running this company.
Oh, we don't know.
We don't know.
Like that.
They're all running around like chickens with their head cut off.
I guarantee.
In fact, I know it for a fact.
I know it for a fact.
I'll bet you Ray Perry's life on it.
That's how confident I am.
Because I like Ray.
He's a good guy.
I don't know what he does.
He's a good guy.
I'll bet you his life on it.
That Joyce side off on that stern view on the station.
I could check the calendar if she was here at that time.
Oh, that's absolutely.
No question about it.
Positively.
Okay.
Okay.
Guaranteed.
In fact, the word around the scuttlebutt around the building was,
it wasn't a Greg Reed deal, although he evidently was in favor of it.
Remember, he was intrigued by that.
But it was a beastly thing.
Because at the time, Beastly was on the stern was on the station over in the west coast.
Remember that?
Apparently.
That's a defend my good friend Greg.
That's a defend my good friend Greg.
Apparently, he was not in favor of it because it's not a sports thing.
Oh, I see.
It's easy to believe.
Yeah.
Well, what is how it's stern all about sports?
That's the good point.
That's Greg.
I do believe that because if it had nothing to do with sports, Greg no part of it.
He was muscled into going all over the building.
He was muscled inside.
Again, the fine hand of Joyce once again.
So Joyce, look yourself in a mirror if you've got a strong stomach.
Look in the mirror and say, you're the nasty bitch that had their finger deep inside of that whole deal.
That's got everybody on pins and needles out.
Oh, what are we going to do?
Like that, you know?
Don't look at us.
Don't blame the rest of us.
Don't give spilkeys to the rest of us because you make bad, bad choices.
Okay, Joyce?
Bad choices.
Choice rhymes with Joyce.
You think it's just a coincidence?
No.
Not a coincidence.
It's part of God's plan.
We want choice.
We're pro-choice on this.
Showing other words, if we want to play a bit, we're going to play it.
Okay?
And if you don't like a Joyce, jam it.
Stuff it.
Stick it.
Bite it.
Eat it.
Now.
And then what Archie Bunker used to say on all the family?
Eat it.
What?
I've been a coffee spell, excuse me.
Jessu, why is that?
He's having an attack over here.
I'm choking on a flimball here.
Well, you know something that's God punishing you now for not backing me up on this stuff.
That's right.
Waffling.
Waffling.
You're probably your little desperate ass just because you got to have pain in the ass wife and two kids at home.
One of which you didn't want.
Don't blame me for it.
If you had enough going on the side, you wouldn't have made that second kid anyway.
Jessu, I think you're pardoned?
You'll call it.
Well, there you go.
I think Josh can hook you up.
He's got plenty of slop over there.
He's got some extras.
Right here, man.
Jessu, I think you're right.
I think you're right.
Jessu, I think you're right.
I think you're right.
Magazine used the Keeney shot after readers voted Alba's sexiest star.
They tricked the readers.
I think Playboy gets sued, don't you?
They are.
Film star.
Why know that?
Film star Jessica Alba demanded that Playboy magazine pull its March issue.
She demanded they pull it.
Saying Thursday that its editors made her an unwitting covered role in misled readers and the thinking they could see her nude inside.
Lawyers for Alba sent Playboy a letter threatening to sue if it didn't remove the issue, which features, in fact, I think we're going to send Joyce a letter threatening to sue.
Not that thing in particular, just in general, just to keep her on edge.
I think I'm going to have Norma send her a letter every week.
We're going to sue your asteroid just to keep her on right on the edge of hysteria.
If we can cause a nervous breakdown, because they're sure trying to do it to me.
Payback is a bitch's choice.
Lawyers for Alba sent Playboy a letter threatening to sue if it didn't remove the issue, which features a publicity photo of the Bikini Cloud Actress on the front from the stands and pays for damages to her reputation and career.
Playboy is violated by personal rights in blatantly misled the public, who might think I'd give them permission to put me on their cover when I didn't Alba 24-7 statement.
Alba's lawyers say that after the fantastic four star refused to post for Playboy, the magazine tricked Sony Pictures into giving them a publicity photo from her 2005 film,
into the blue for the cover.
In the February 23rd letter, which was made public on the smoking gun website, Attorney Brian Wolf says, Playboy sought to create the false impression that Alba would appear in revealing Pictures inside the magazine.
A Playboy spokeswoman said Alba was placed on the cover after being chosen sexiest star of the year by its readers.
I do not think she's the sexiest star of the year.
She's okay.
You think she's the sexiest star of the year?
No, she's okay.
She's fine.
She's no choice fit.
She was included inside the magazine article on the top 25 sexiest celebrities as chosen in an online pool.
Many celebrities have appeared on the cover of Playboy, but not nude, including Claudia Schiffer, Paris Hilton, Goldie Hahn, Ratquel Welch, Barbara Streisand, Brooksheel's and Donald Trump.
Playboy spoke from a Lauren Malone.
So, Donald Trump?
Oh, I see on the cover of Playboy, but not nude.
Can you imagine?
Oh, my God.
Oh, and it's getting so close to lunchtime.
That's the Nuneo Roger's diet.
Just talk about seeing somebody grow test naked right before lunchtime and you'll lose your appetite for hours.
189, by the way.
What do you like that?
I'm on a QM aggravation diet.
Yeah, you just puke all the time.
No, he just gets so aggravated.
You lose your appetite for life.
You're a hell of a guy, Joe, but man, you are drowning in a sea of wet-footed dry-foot.
That's all I can tell you.
You're drowning in a sea of joys.
Little did he realize.
I don't think when he started getting involved in this, he couldn't possibly have realized the state of historians psychosis over there.
Right?
He might want to reconsider.
827 votes.
What do you believe about 9-11?
The Bushes allowed it to happen, 3-31.
That sounds like an impeachable offense.
In fact, it sounds like going to a federal prison to me.
We'll never know, 199.
It was only al-Qaeda 178.
Go ahead and watch that loose change and then see if you want to vote for it was only al-Qaeda.
And how about those guys who allegedly are all still alive, including Mohammed Ata?
And how about that passport that's how I made it in pristine condition out of all of that refuse and all of that crap and all of that explosions?
That passport, allegedly of one of those hijackers, made it in pristine to not even a page with schmutz stuff.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Even my new passport don't look any better than that one.
Wow.
That must have been a miracle.
Maybe it was an act from God or Mohammed.
The Neocons were behind it 72.
I think that's certainly a very strong possibility.
Santa Musa was involved in 18.
Right.
The CIA did it 15 and I hate this pull 15 out of 836.
We're going to make 1,000 today.
But speaking to make 1,000, we sure ought to make over 1,000 at their two locations today with our best of whatever it is.
Merchandise.
3rd man.
CD and commemorative t-shirt.
20 bucks a piece benefit of band and pet rescue.
We got more than enough money to pay back the measly measly now.
Oh, you can't say measly measly because that was the name of that bit.
Yeah.
How about if I just played like the first, uh...
The puzzle?
I was in a harmony.
From the headquarters of measly, this measly intuition.
That's it.
Just that part.
Is that okay?
Oh, I guess that you didn't hear that.
Noon to two, the van will be at the shell gas station and chairman of the street just west of I-95.
So very shortly within the hour it will be there.
And I want to see some big numbers there today, man.
I want to see some big, big gigantic numbers.
In fact, that would be nice on the trend wouldn't it?
But I don't know.
Yeah, low.
And Hank asked me like, what do I think?
How do I know?
I'm pretty, leave me alone already.
How do I know what it's going to be?
I mean, my second powers are limited.
And by the way, I never got no email from Clarence about that.
Anything to do with that.
None.
Four to six, the van will be at the, where's it going to be?
Oh, see these in T-shirts will be with the big, oh, oh, rock solid.
For the grand opening of sportscliffs, that's at 87.63 sterling road in Cooper City.
And all the good stuff will be out there.
So you got two chances there, one on Sheridan Street.
Although those are both in a brown county, when are we going to start, I'm osing in a date county.
When it'll be safe?
Exactly.
What year is that going to be?
We'll let you know when our people are confident enough to go into the big county.
Well, we did the one yesterday.
We're not yesterday, the one on Wednesday on anniversary.
Right.
And I guess we must have done okay.
We'll be mixing them up.
Because we did $2,000 on that Thursday.
Actually, when you come right down with that, that's not all I'm great.
Is it, it's fine.
Not great though.
We want your great boss.
We don't want this fine.
We want to raise about 100 grand for a van and pay a rescue.
You know, is that every personal goal?
That no, that's Sam's goal, 300,000.
Doug Thompson writes, comes sucking traders to their country.
I sure hope we can say that because that's the news story and that's the headline on the article.
And I think he says it again in there.
He says, the next time some loudmouth partisan tube Democrat gets in my face and starts yapping about how much better things would be if his party were running things in Washington.
I'm going to pull out the vote tally sheet for the USA Patriot Act and yesterday's Senate session and ram it down his line throat.
You go, Doug, if we have Doug Thompson, take your rejoice.
Where was his party when it came time to stand up and take a stand for freedom in this country?
Hiding like a coward, that's where only nine Democrats and one independent former Republican Jim Jeffords had guts enough to vote against reauthorizing the fascist piece of crap called the USA Patriot Act.
Well, outside of Doug Thompson's my hero, fascist piece of crap and he is...
Absolutely correct, sir.
The rest including Harry Reid that's come sucking capitulator claims to be the Senate Democratic leader, dropped their pants, bent over, grabbed their ankles and handed George W. Bush to K.Y. Jelly and said,
do it to me all you want, sir, this is a word I like getting screwed by dictators.
It's like...
What about the leading contender for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination, a so-called gentle lady from New York Hillary, Rodham Clinton?
Oh, she let Bush do it like a fat boy in the backseat of his car. Too late to crackrate for Hillary, you prove yourself a political slot like most of the rest of your party.
Boy, he's really PO, yeah.
Good. Excellent. This is the opposition party. This is the party that partisan frame will save this country from abuse and excesses of too many years of Republican domination.
Christ easily just couldn't lead a Cubscat pack on an overnight camping trip in a suburban backyard.
I expected Republicans to fall in love step behind their power mad present and sell out their country. That's what Republicans do in the name of power and control, even though a few make a token show of resistance last year by joining Democratic efforts to filibuster passage of the act.
But I held out hope that the Democrats wouldn't cave and join the feeding frenzy on the Constitution serves me right I guess for trusting any politician, Democrat or Republican, only these 10 voted against the act.
Daniel, these are all Democrats and the Jim Jeffers independent Daniel, a cock of Hawaii, cock of Tom Harkin of Iowa, Carl Levin of Michigan, Jeff Bingham and of New Mexico, Ron Wyden of Oregon, Jim Deference of Vermont, Patrick Leah, he of Vermont, Patty Maria Washington, Russ Feingold, Wisconsin, and old Bobby, Bert West Virginia, the rest voted with Bush and against freedom that includes Hillary Clinton, that includes John Kerry, that includes Ted Kennedy, and that includes Chris Dodd, how sad?
And includes Barack Obama, I just mentioned these things in passing now you understand, includes Harry Reid, all those who voted for the act will give us some propaganda to tap about any protections for civil rights, but those rights are cosmetic crap.
The act itself is a constitution evading invasion of basic American rights to privacy and an abandonment of long standing protections against illegal search and seizure.
If you think Bush was an out of control desperate before just see what Hillary knew with the expanded wiretapping, surveillance and seizure powers granted him and his Gestapo like Department of Homeland Security, and then we authorized act.
Don't expect the House of Representatives to do anything to stop this act, the real battleground was the Senate and that battle was lost when Democrats joined with Republicans to sell out the Constitution.
Where I come from that's called treason and everyone who voted for the USA Patriot actually be considered a traitor in their country and treated the search and the next Democrat who gets in my face to tell me how much better things would be with his party in charge had better have a good dental insurance plan.
The government is still in your face, they both then know where it's going for long so they can eat and stop on you, all these civil rights are gone away.
They can put a camera in your room, our four founders wouldn't be surprised to go in in the graves now, now you'll know what's that we wanted to fly.
To lose your will I'm right with the free and will they wipe their high teeth?
Okay, search to her stuff, so my grandma's having now kind up my phone calls can be tapped by the paparazzi big to that.
The
bottom
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
right
Like Joe, it's a little slow like Joe.
It's wrong for the district to turn to be prosecuting these grandmothers.
We should be praising them not prosecuting them.
We're prepared to go to trial, so you'll say, and when we do, the war in Iraq will be on trial.
Alba won the 18, where Manhattan Criminal Court for the hearing, along with dozens of supporters.
When their case was called, some came forward on Keynes and at least one, used a walker.
How do you like that?
Oye!
Grandees have to step up, and you want to know why?
Because the rest of the public is a role in our country.
That's right.
He was a political by Doug Thompson.
Well, he was really wild today.
One of his good crusty old men that he is.
Exactly.
You see that picture up in there with the head here in the whole of the other.
The unicorns.
Behind that.
Our kind of guide.
That's a real American man.
That's a real rachio man.
Right.
And if you want any Democrat comes up in and they'd better have good dental insurance.
That was a good line.
Scott's staff thinks that recently released sex videos showing him and kid rock with several
strippers.
He meant to sabotage him.
Yeah.
As he got some talent or what?
No.
Obviously, someone wants to hurt me and doesn't want me to be successful.
My solo career, he told AP Raiden, a resident of you.
Of course, he used to be with Creed.
By the way, I was going to say that.
I was going to say that.
I got a big winner because I saw one time in South Beach with his windows down listening to
his own music.
Loudly.
I have it out.
With his windows down, he's promoting his own music.
His shoulders are about to.
That's like us sitting in a girl out there with a sandwich board.
Near Rogers, 10 to 2.
You like it?
No.
Listen anyway.
Scott claims the tape which has made a 99 with stolen from him.
He and Kid Rock have won a temporary court order preventing worldwide red light history from
distributing the video or promoting any part of it.
Red light with soldy infamous Paris Hilton sex tape in 2004.
Oh, you see that one yet, Jordan?
Ha ha.
I'd display a 42nd Peebuclip in the video on its website.
The company has acknowledged that the tape came from a third party, but it is a nut that
it was stolen.
The tape was released just days after staff.
The former lead singer of Creed, who's very former.
I beg your pardon?
Creed sucks.
That's why I said that without it.
Very former Miss New York, Jacqueline Nishewat.
Nishewat, that's it.
It made me for Whartain Miami.
Step 32 says the tape was made soon after it was divorced from Hillary Burns.
It burns.
He said he previously told his new wife about having a wild year and that she accepts the
tape as part of his past.
He had a wild year.
You think it's part all part of your rock and roll memory, Step, said I should have
burned that tape.
Just like Nixon should have burned the tape, she should have us got stabbed.
And then he should have hopped in the fire.
Then it's all a favor.
The tape was not the only thing causing Step headaches.
A day after his wedding, it was arrested for investigation of being drunk at LA internationally
set for Raymond on that on March 8th next week.
You don't want to say it's laughable, but just like my God, there's so much stuff he said.
Somebody doesn't like you and somebody wants you to fail.
Maybe it is God.
Maybe it's you God.
Staff, Staff, I want to Grammy in 2000 for Creed Song with Arms Wide Open releases for
a solo album The Great Divide last November.
Trust me, it blows.
I mean, I haven't heard it, but I'm sure it does because it's him.
Right.
Here's a real Jamaican monster in Claire.
He says I saw the loose change and I let him on to inform you that I took the link from
the website forwarded to my friends and their friends.
Excellent, Mon.
Maybe he's got a good computer, a good machine, Mon.
Neil, I'm Jamaican, Mon.
I believe most Americans don't give it to him about what's going on.
I can't even vote, but I'm so seriously concerned about the state of this country.
I try to spread the knowledge about how wicked this administration is.
Congrats on your fight to power.
Keep up the great job.
Thanks a lot, Sam.
Have a great weekend, Mon.
Hope you find a good machine, Mon.
I just got a really good pile here.
Then we got the trends coming out.
Let me just tie it through this baby.
I don't think I'm taking no calls today.
I'm just not, you know, we didn't do it yesterday.
And this isn't like a permanent thing, but I just, I'm on a role here now.
You know, I'm on a jelly roll and plus we got that.
That Norma can't, why were you talking such crap about fire his ass and these and
cop?
Well, you know how I am a little hard to keep said.
Yeah, making all these horrible comments about my close personal friend.
And by the way, Norm, Jim Stork still ain't interested.
A small town police chief was accused in federal lawsuit yesterday of stopping would be
read that this story is just this is the epitome of America right here.
Okay.
Are you on the easy your seat?
Are you glued in?
I'm just wrapped in Charleston, West Virginia.
Oh, God.
Yeah, before I go into the story, once upon a time, I guess when I was young and naive,
like about five years ago.
And I didn't think, you know, now we got this red states blue states, but really when
you look at the places where living and breathing, forget about liberal, but just I mean moderate
people, progressive people, people living, let live kind of people, you look at where
those people live.
And it's generally like in the Northeast and the far west and like way up the far north,
you know, like maybe it rubs off from Canada, you know, like the soda Wisconsin, like that.
Not to the quotas because nobody lives there.
And the rest of the country is just a bunch of red necks.
Basically, huh?
That's right.
You had that article on there actually, how the the outer states insulate the the inner red
net core.
Oh my gosh.
Old West Virginia and Virginia, the Carolinas and Tennessee and Oklahoma and Texas and Arizona
and my old man in Utah and oh my God, all the holiday things Arkansas.
Man, oh man.
Yeehaw.
In fact, you take a you take out date and Broward from man and Monroe County from Florida.
What do you got?
Yeehaw.
That's what they call Yeehaw.
That's what they call the exception.
Yeehaw.
Don't have he-haw.
No.
Now let's see who was in he-haw.
Somebody had just died recently.
I had to be on the roll though.
There's a lot of people sitting on the he-haw crowd.
What's the Bob guy?
The Bob guy?
I think there was a guy named Bob.
Probably Bob, Bob.
I'm going to have to look it up now.
Bob Green.
I was forced to watch that show, you know.
Yeehaw.
Oh my God.
You don't want to do that.
You don't want to go.
That's a different thing entirely.
Everybody's taking a photo of Rednecks, you see.
Let's see.
Now what is this message here?
Oh, it's interesting.
What?
I just got that from me.
Now do you believe this?
And why is it like that?
I got it from a irrefutable source.
No, you did?
Yes.
Before we get to that story, which is very important, but here is a facts that could be,
oh, I see it's a facts to Tony the Tiger, Power 90,
oh, where did you say that?
I just bumped it.
Okay.
I tried to block that out.
Well, you didn't.
You blocked out the wrong part.
Oh, we have moles over there.
No, well, I just dumped it.
Okay.
I sure hope it worked.
Anyway, it's a clear channel thing.
David Ross announcement.
From Tom Sure, I'm not sure who that is.
But anyway, he's something of who followed clear channel.
And it says, Miami Staff.
I have accepted the resignation of David Ross, effective immediately.
Oh, no, we were hoping it's down forever.
David has resigned to take a presidential position with another company outside the radio industry.
Probably a burger flip in place.
A formal press release will be issued today until the median trades.
However, I wanted to inform the entire team this morning, ask you to share in David's enthusiasm.
To that end, there will be an all-employed staff meeting at 2pm today in the theater.
In order to continue the tremendous momentum we have in Miami,
the OS Mike Crusham.
What's the OS?
I don't know.
Something director of sales.
Okay.
Sounds good.
We'll be named interim RVP.
Oh, they got more titles over there.
So all RVP responsibilities.
The RVP and the POP and the MCA and the, oh, my God.
They got more titles than Carter's got little liver pills.
That's shocking.
Hi, by David Ross.
There you go.
There's one for a Brian chicken neck.
Although I have to pass it by the whole committee before we play it on the year.
You know, it's a good thing that you always find the competitively a little bit.
Because I'm not joking when I tell you this.
If they were going to like play hardball on that.
You know what Chris Matthews would say to the side of his mouth like stirring his words.
If they were going to do that, I was going to require that either Joyce or Clarence or both would sit down.
How many, just pick a number?
We just say like 5,000.
That's about right.
About 5,000.
Several thousand of these bits and droppings we have in the, in the, for example, here's one.
And listen to and censor each and every one of these because I don't want to responsibility for it.
In other words, if they're that panicky, if they're that insecure, if they're that nervous about what's going on on this show.
Then they ought to like, you know, stick their nose right in there.
And I'll just stick my nose right out the door and keep walking.
This reminds me, this takes me back.
It's like the day, remember the day I'm sure you do it.
How could we ever forget?
Josh was there.
When Duff Lindsay came on, moments before 10 o'clock, this is after Stern went disappeared.
Remember that?
To announce to me that he was going to be sitting in that same room where he was during the Stern show with the headphones on.
Oh, oh, oh, like that.
And monitoring the Neo-Rodges show for FCC violations.
Remember that?
Yes.
How many days did that last?
I don't know.
One.
Because I told them that there would be no number two.
Well, there'd be a number two, I'll write, but probably on somebody's desk.
A one to two and a three.
We give the whole Lawrence Rock routine all over everybody's desk.
That's a little bit less of a scale.
That's what this whole business reminds me of.
As opposed to just talking to people, communicating a little bit, telling us what's the problem,
sending an email, which by the way, he told you he emailed me.
He lied through his teeth, clearance sterile.
He lied, he never sent me no email about this business.
He sent me an email about something else, but that was long before this thing came down.
Unless my memory is slipping.
No, just you are, though, the ice.
What is it?
I said, you're just slipping, though, the ice.
Oh, I got my power grips now.
I got myself broken power grips from my shoe.
The 28 past 11, a QM courtesy to Mad Dog at 4.
Pathor's hockey tonight at the pregame at 6.30.
Any entry?
Oh, this is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Right, you bastard.
Father of the bride.
Cheaper by the dozen.
And the pig pathor.
They all have one thing in common.
They're all bad remakes, starring Steve Martin.
Thanks.
Steve.
Hey.
Now, Hollywood's biggest hack is back with a Steve Martin remake collection featuring classic films
rehashed as only Steve Martin can.
Like God with the Wind.
Likely, my dear.
Exceeeees.
Neeeeeees.
Taxi driver.
Are you talking to me?
Well, it's Steve.
Neeeeeees.
Titanic.
Exceees.
Neeeeeees.
I'm King of the World.
Buy the Steve Martin remake collection today and then do as Steve Martin does and buy it again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
Hey, Steve.
Oh, excuse me.
Sorry.
I mean, I do want to clarify.
I just want to clarify.
I did be email about the first one.
Remember when we had to have Boca do the bid over again?
There was an email regarding that.
I told you about the email they sent me.
Read it to you, actually.
I'm telling you about me getting any subsequent email about the remake or about this incident.
We've had this panic all this hysteria.
As opposed to just communicating to somebody.
Here's what the problem is.
I'm what do you think?
And but it would be put about whatever.
As opposed to.
Oh, Joyce is having it.
I was break down.
And it's about the beeslees.
And you got a rubber ball in her mouth.
And there's whips and chains or whatever.
You know, it wasn't it.
I mean, I think you're going to have to sit that child down and explain to him what the sexual activity really means.
Okay.
The fact that there's whips and chains or like.
I guess you can't say that anymore either because.
I guess you can't say that anymore either because.
You know, he's in the shape.
Stop it.
Stop playing that dance.
Stop in the face there.
Huh?
It was most laughing them up.
That's part of that same whole ass and end thing.
They say, hold it.
See?
Part of the same damn thing.
Anyway, Charleston, West Virginia.
See how you keep distracting me from my point of view.
I don't tell me the numbers are coming in.
No, yeah.
Oh, well, you got a facts coming.
What is it?
That's just the story that you probably already saw that.
Power crisis.
You could raise the alarm.
I don't have time for that right now.
I'll take a few kind of during the break.
Charleston, West Virginia, third try.
A small town police chief was accused in federal lawsuit yesterday of stopping a
would be rescuer from performing CPR on a gay heart attack victim because he assumed
the alien man had HIV imposed a health risk.
The flawed green 43 died June 21 after being stricken yards from the city hall in
welcher community in West Virginia about 2400 people.
The ACLU was sued on behalf of his mother.
Police chief Bobby Bowman called the allegations a bold face lie.
He said he called an ambulance and that green was taken to the hospital
no more than nine minutes.
No one refused him CPR as a sister and mom are saying they can do what they want.
But they're fair saying I refused him CPR that is in no way true Bowman said.
The lawsuit accuses Bowman of pulling off green's friend Billy Sneed.
As Sneed was performing chest compressions on the man, Sneed was a passenger in
green's pickup truck when green collapsed.
Sneed had managed to pull over the vehicle.
Green was pronounced dead at the hospital after about 30 minutes.
But 30 men are sentenced to revive him.
Rose Sacks, a lawyer with the ACLU's AIDS projects had Bowman's allegations.
A ledged actions contributed to Green's death and violated the Americans with
disabilities act equal protection laws and due process rights.
Sacks had Green's death was tragically senseless because he didn't have the AIDS
virus but that he should have received life saving care even if he was HIV positive.
He was simply a gay man in West West Virginia and because of that we can only
assume that Chief Bowman assumed he had HIV was unsafe to even touch him.
When asked if he knew Green was gay, Bowman wouldn't answer.
I referred questions to McDowell County assistant prosecuting attorney Danny Berry
who also represents, hey, how about asking Joyce, shall I answer the question for you?
Berry said yesterday he hadn't received a copy that complained but couldn't comment
because he hadn't reviewed it or is scusted with Bowman.
I sure hope he's not kind of Venerable Bowman from Pop it apart.
You know Venerable Bowman?
No, I don't.
Oh, and there's more to this other story. Oh my God.
Oh my God. How about those numbers?
Are they coming in yet or why yet?
Well, what's the story? It's 11.35 of public is out there and most importantly
people are working as horrible, got awful business in which we work.
They're on the age of their seats now. They're on pins and needles.
They got spilkeys now even if they don't know what that means.
Including Ron St. John. Hey, by the way, Ron, congratulations.
I'm 34 years in a market but you're still small potatoes.
You ain't no rich shaw and you sure as I like no?
No, God.
That's for a damn sure.
You could measure the impact that the Ron St. John has made in the South Florida radio market
with your little finger.
You know what I mean?
That's what's in there?
Seriously. What's the sentence with Ron St. John?
I'm waiting Josh can help us out.
Didn't he do the PA somewhere like at the dolphin games or somewhere?
Oh, I have no idea. I've never heard of the guy.
Right. See what I'm saying?
That's the impact after 34 years.
I got news for if you're on a year, even on like a deaf people's channel for 34 years.
And that's the impact you've made that nobody ever heard yet that doesn't speak too well.
You know, playing those oldies.
See, I guess that's why they call it oldies station over there.
Right. It's not the old music.
Because the music sucks. We know that.
Bob Hamilton.
But it's because Ricky Tickier, good buddy and Ron St. John over there.
It's the oldies station.
Maybe we could be the new oldies station.
We should have got the whole people on here.
A lot older and nose guy. We're working on it.
I wonder who's oldies.
Think me or Rick Shaw.
Oh, I don't know.
He's a good guy. He probably showed a whole of his.
He doesn't care. I mean, that can't make some look.
I always look probably older than he really was.
Of course, to me, I don't know about you, but he's always looked the same.
Yes, he has.
Has he?
Yes.
I mean, you talk about it. I'm not saying he looks good.
I mean, I would be getting carried away.
So he always looked exactly the same old.
No, I mean, old, but also just not getting older.
I mean, just saying like he's frozen in time.
Like that awful music they make him play.
You know, frozen and suspended in time.
You're okay in our book, Ricky.
And thanks for that nice rejoin there.
That thing on the Wednesday.
That's what made the show. That's what Joe Belsen.
That was really a hoot all of them cute rejoin.
That was good.
Poor Joe, I feel bad because you tell me he's a nice guy,
although I'd be hard-pressed to believe it.
But X-FEMA Chief says,
you talk about the popcorn and kettle black.
This is one of the all-time greats.
Here's a guy who all of a sudden turned around and got religion just like Lou Dobbs.
I mean, I spotted my time just to make sure it's like it.
It's almost gone.
But I don't ever bite your tongue while you're a little kid.
Don't bite your tongue.
I've done that before, but never I mean,
oh my, like chomp it on a sandwich.
And all of a sudden this big purple wealth popped up in like a black and blue.
Oh man, a wealth.
Like I told the Humper, like he used to get what they call those things.
Those little dispensers, there's candy machines.
The peas.
No, no, the gum, the gum ball machines.
You know, I guess I would call them machines.
Well, that's what it was almost like when I'm in like purple gum balls.
Now, what were the ones that red-hots?
Oh, god.
Oh, I know.
You imagine you imagine biting your tongue and then like trying to eat one of them red-hots?
Yeah, I've done that.
I've, you know, right?
I tell you while I was eating red-hots.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Now, they still make those the ones that have all the different layers.
And as you get closer and closer to the middle, it gets harder.
Those are the, uh, not like fireballs.
You know, they're not as hot as we remember.
Those, man, those will just burn a whole new life into your mind.
That's right.
Man.
I've seen some stuff like that.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Sherdoff should be fired for his handling of Hurricane Katrina
and who is saying this from her FEMA chief, Michael Brown.
Heck of a job, Brownie said yesterday accusing Sherdoff of lacking disaster management knowledge.
If he asked me to put the two of them together and you got a disaster,
put them together with Bush and you got a major disaster,
put the three of them together with Ray Nagan-Head and you got a humongous disaster.
Brown resigned from FEMA in September and intense criticism,
and then of course they kept them under payroll to December until people outed the fight they were still getting paid and he finally went away.
Brown, more than 1300 people, by the way, were left dead in Louisiana, Mississippi from Katrina.
Brown has blamed the poor federal response on the dysfunctional structure of the Department of Homeland Security,
which became FEMA's parent agency when DHS was established in 2003.
The Department of Homeland Security, joke.
It appears to me that you know when Sherdoff does things like tells me that I've got to go to Baton Rouge and plop my butt down on a seat in Baton Rouge and run a disaster from there,
I think that shows naivete about how disasters are run, Brown told CNN.
And you've either got to get out with it or move on.
When you ought to move on, Brownie, because go back to those Arabian horse disasters that you specialized in.
That's right up your alley, Sally. That's what Joyce told me.
As whether Sherdoff should be dismissed, Brown said, well, I think so.
He said FEMA had been marginalized by Sherdoff and his predecessor Tom Ridge, and that he had expected the agency's performance to suffer.
I had been screaming internally that the budget cuts, the personnel cuts, and what they were doing with Homeland Security was in effect marginalizing FEMA.
And I predicted that at some point in a very specific memo to both Tom Ridge and at Sherdoff, that at some point FEMA would fail, Brown said, I just didn't expect to be in the middle of the failure.
Right. So he's pointing, he's got all 15 fingers pointing over the direction, fingers toes.
There's a fact, where are those numbers, by the way? What's going on?
On their way, there they are.
Oh, good or bad? I don't know, I didn't look at it, I just don't know.
I'm going to get that.
So where is Mr. Spence going to be that he's been blackballed from TV?
That's right, he used to be on Larry King quite often, but not in quite some time.
You're supposed to have him like his outspoken opinions, sounds reasonable to me.
Jerry Spence, he used to be on that big cowboy hat all the time, remember?
Yes, I do.
Haven't seen him in a long time.
It's my understanding he's in the process of writing a new book entitled The Force Right in which he says the country now living.
That's why you don't see him because he's telling the truth now.
And he's from Jackson, Wyoming.
Guess who else is from Wyoming?
Of course, that I dip, the great heart.
How do you like that?
Jerry Spence tells it like it is The Force Right and that's what you're living in right now.
In only 19 minutes, that van in fact, they probably are getting there already.
I'm going to be able to evaluate the shell gas station, sure it's reached us west of by 95, between noon and two.
And then four to six, those commemorative 30th anniversary CDs called BOT 30, man.
And T-shirts will be available with the big go for the grand opening of sports clips at 87, 63 sterling road and Cooper City.
So you got to last noon to go out there and just bring us a whole bag of money.
But this is Neil Pup us over to God.
This is Joe Boehm, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
Hey everybody, I'm Brown and Brown.
Accountable for everybody, Brown and Brown.
That's a human being.
I don't think it's a point, but I got a Brown nose.
And I know it's where it pointed.
There was no runs.
You get them saying they don't welcome again anyway.
I did everything I possibly can to show myself home for the good luck plan.
Oh what a job I had and a director of FEMA.
When I'm much more than a weaselie skimmer and a clueless son of a pig.
Yes.
Kits is Skigs, Brown nose and the bridge.
Kits is Skigs, Brown nose and the bridge.
New old means is wiped out and gone.
But W said I did one heck of a job and it sure pays on.
To be a Brown and another white maize.
The Christian Fony, the National Guard, is down and down.
We thought of just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is pitchy pain.
All the hurricane gave us a big easy.
Or do you find social and do you nearly like a giant read public in Swingy?
Here's Jesus for our Lord and King.
Raise Jesus for our Lord and King.
How do believe in compassion is what we lack?
It serves the right to have less blacks and you descend to say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have a black in the first place.
This is no time to blame the blame game.
Since we know that the repeats are caused by bees who are not the right guy to harm our own.
Like stride with their linen and carols rolled over,
Achieving the America's right wing dream.
To beg everybody white like me.
And the ignorance of a pig.
Who gets his job from the ocean of rich.
Oh, how I've been spending my youth, Randy and Hortons.
I'd rather do that than watch clothing for him since I'm an negligent murderer now.
You keep going down to keep my nose ground.
I'm an negligent murderer now.
But I'll keep going down.
Why are you sending me these 12 plus numbers?
I asked you, and I'll be telling you what I asked you.
Eight, many 18 pluss.
I got it all.
Don't send me no mo.
No mo.
Okay, no mo.
No, no, no, no, no.
These numbers are bad enough.
I don't want to see no mo.
They're bad.
Yeah, they are.
You think I'm a good partner?
I said, yeah, they are.
I'm not used to turning so many pages to find our number.
Yeah.
No, no, we're on the first page.
No, we are.
We are.
I'm talking about like for the other shows.
Oh, well.
And the factions continue to uppour on our off of that damn thing.
I don't want all that side.
I don't want it.
I asked, I asked.
Every time I ask you before, you say, yeah, I send along anyway.
No.
This is only a trend.
This isn't a book.
This is just December.
It's an November December January.
We'll hit castle.
And we still got that big girl.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Okay.
So here's the deal.
Of course, we still got that bad November on there.
But I extrapolated.
It's pretty.
And it's still coming over there.
I placed that thing about 4,000 times in your damn stuff.
It's still coming over.
What I frost my fat ass.
What is your story?
Tellerium, diet, gagging on it.
We'll fall over.
Men 18 plus for the whole week.
CMQ FAMA.
Oh, another one of these deals, huh?
Number one, Numa Uno, 6.3 share.
WIrdice, they'll weigh up there 5.8.
Yeah, I'm sure they can play far south.
That's another one.
Of course, once they remember drops out,
but there's going to change some things around.
But we sucked in January too, so you know,
we can't use that excuse.
EDR 5, and number 3.
And I do more.
This is many 18 plus.
Oh, boy.
Where the hell's QA?
I guess there's no extra bonus money in there.
Oh, no.
For this in 2554.
Oh, from a 3.5 to a 3.0.
Oh, pretty weak.
Oh, my God.
Pretty lame.
And what about, let's see, I.N.Z.
272-21, dropping precipitously that scare America.
And what about Waxi, overall?
1.8 down to a 1.6.
But they're going to drop off that November.
And that'll be a kiss for them, if I can say that.
Because they were like, what did I have like a point 1 or something in November?
That's what the next trend comes up.
Oh, what are you doing here?
This is already set in the fifth set.
Oh, no.
I pulled out all the pages out when you said that.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Okay, mornings.
Let's take a look at this.
Radio on more.
See, we can't compete with this.
We just can't compete with it.
There's no way.
We did do the 40 grade, by the way.
Didn't we?
I didn't cross it out.
Yeah, obviously.
I was busy compiling all these important numbers.
We can't compete with this because it's all minorities.
Baby, it's all, you know, what they say.
CMQFM was number one overall.
In the mornings, it's the radio on more.
And it was speaking to you guys up from a 5.1 to a 6.2.
From fifth to first.
Is there anybody who speaks English in South Florida?
No.
Oh.
Who's great, Blah?
WS DJ.
Another one of those is 5.8.
Down from number one to number two in the morning.
Radio Mam B.
Oh, this is ancient people.
What are we looking at over here?
This is old parts.
Radio Mam B, number three.
Hot, 5.7, number three.
W-I-O-D stayed rock solid with a 5.3.
But dropped from fourth to fifth.
CMQFM, 4.8 up to a 5.2.
No speaking English.
Big, stayed for eight.
That's Ron and Old Paul.
Not too impressive.
E-D-R-4.
Magic 3.7.
It went up a little bit.
Must be because Rick Shaw said a good guy.
That's right.
Because he watched it.
Captain don't stink anymore when you tune that station on.
QBA 3.4.
Oh my God.
QBA.
Kubia.
Life 3.2.
Suave.
Radio Suave 3.0 in the Humper from a 3.1 to a 2.7.
Oh my God.
Oh.
Oh.
And then men in black kiss.
One, nine to a 2.3.
I guess Joe made the wrong move.
Waxy in the morning from a 1.9 share to a 1.6.
So even though the Humper dropped, he kicked Joe's ass.
2.7 to a 1.6.
What the hell is that?
1.6.
Joel Feinberg.
Oh my goodness.
Now in mid days W.I.D. continues being number one.
A little bit of a drop there.
When they drop off November, then we'll have a better idea of where they're going.
Must be the right people got the diaries again.
The right wing is.
I.O.D. 8.1.
Down to a 7.9.
From the fall to this trend.
There's just a trend.
Look at all bent out of shape about it.
Then CMQ number 2.
Radio Mom B number 3.
We're number 4 from a 4.7.9 to a 4.3, which is about the same drop that the Humper had.
But still the coupes that grew.
Tessq.
And not going to make any difference because we still had a bad January.
Right.
So if we're hoping to hop on that band, what I can forget about it.
4.3.
Time for 4th.
With a radio Amor, which went from a 3 to a 4.3.
You see what I'm saying?
No spigotting lace.
All of that's a new arbitrarian deal.
We only interviewed people of color and people don't speak English.
Man.
Then life.
Then EDR.
I'm nobody cares about the rest of this.
What about mid days and I.N.Z.
Scar America.
Al Franken.
Let's say an audio swab it.
And a spining lace come to a Colombian station.
2, 3 to a 2.8.
They're climbing rapidly.
The median cartel is forcing Colombians to listen to it.
I.N.Z.
From a 3.0 out of a 2.4.
Wow.
What a drop off.
I guess this wasn't just what you called your...
It was a very good month for right-wing talk.
You know, I would be.
Waxi.
Stayed at a 1-4.
At least they're consistent mid day at 1-4.
They're like 24th.
They're like basically almost off the air.
Nice going, Joel.
Forgetting that Sid Rosencran sky from New York.
That put them over the top.
3 to 7.
WIOD is still number one.
Schmidt, my third.
I know.
6-1 to a 6-2.
Number one.
CMQFM.
EDR.
Radio Amor.
Radio Sava.
All the Colombians all the time.
I mean in black.
Where the hell are we in the afternoon?
Oh my God.
Where the hell are we?
We're not even on the page.
Oh, keep turning pages.
Like I said.
I.N.Z.
From 3.9 to a 3.1.
Which I don't even know what the hell I got on the afternoon after I got frank.
And this is 3 to 7.
And then...
Look at that.
A lot of you, mom.
B.
Hot.
Magic.
Oh my goodness.
From 11 to 20.
It's from a 3.5 to a 2.5.
From a 3.5 to a 2.5 from 3 to 7.
And then...
Waxi from a 2.2 to a 1.8.
They dropped their 2.2 because it was fallen off and they got a 1.8.
So we beat them there.
But...
Kind of like nip and tuck is great.
Cortex would say.
And they really tight-pulled it in the herald.
And then at night nobody cares.
Okay, that's it.
Sorry to pass along all the bad news.
Not at all good.
Nice going, Clarence.
And of course that afternoon.
I think it's really very helpful that we don't have a lot of people.
Like anybody on.
And the afternoon from 2 to 4.
I think that's tremendously helpful.
Really, really good programming maneuvers.
They have like a revolving door so that we don't have somebody that people can identify with.
Oh, guess what we got on today?
Well, we don't know.
Well, we don't either.
But...
One of those things.
But nevertheless, we just continue to just get the checks going.
And we come to the ASK day, Clarence.
And that's it.
It's all I care about.
It's...
It's probably just as well you didn't look at that nighttime number.
Why is that?
The evening that I number.
Well, it's hockey.
There's nothing else going on.
We never do anything in a winter time.
And what do we got going on at night?
Nothing.
Panther hockey.
I mean, I can...
All right.
I'll look at it just to humor you.
I'll take a look at it.
I'll take a look at it.
I'll do it.
No, I'll do it.
W-I-D-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I-F-L-I
I'm not a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
I'm a good boy.
1156 at 560 WQM Bullack.
I remember the days we used to kick some serious ass baby.
We used to be dangerous.
We used to be dynamic.
We used to have an audience man who could fill the orange bowl, the P.P. Park,
a pop-it-o-park Gulfstream caulder,
flagler, Hollywood drug track.
Right?
Right.
You could fill up every venue with the Macarena.
And now you could put our audience in a phone booth.
And then you could divide that by 5 and then you got the guys across the street.
You know, there's Jefferson Pilots and then we're auto-pilot.
We're working really well, Joe.
Keep it up.
Four minutes till noon at QA.
And Beach Ford is gone.
Man, it's madness in March all this month at Beach Ford.
They've just missed having a record month last month so they plan to break that record this month.
Right now, extended cab 4150s.
There was always 249 bucks a month with 995 bucks down plus fees with a fruit credit and 39 monthlies.
Madness in March at Beach Ford means you must be mad.
You must be nuts if you don't take advance of rebates and discounts of up to 10 grand on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not on the market for new car, we know somebody who does,
send them into Beach Ford even if it's strange around the speed corner.
Because if they take delivery and March Beach Ford will send you 200 bucks in cash.
That money comes from Beach Ford's advertising budget so it absolutely, positively will not affect your friends' price.
Whatever you do, don't miss out on this once a year event.
It's Beach Ford's madness in March and it's going on right this moment.
Extended cab 4150s, as low as just 249 bucks a month.
Discounts and rebates have up to $10,000 and 200 bucks just for referring a friend.
So hurry your ass in there.
Beach Ford, two miles east of the Golden Glades on 163rd Street, West Exxio Highway.
Tell Paul that Neil sent you by to Beach Ford.
You'll love your Beach Ford experience or else.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 T.M.
Shark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8L.
Door door door door door door door door door door door.
So buy.
No buy.
No buy.
Your ship is Ford.
Where buy.
No buy.
No buy.
No buy.
Your wind is a dead.
Must die.
No buy.
Yes, who may hate us.
But boys will have his way.
No buy.
We will make you die.
Oh, no.
We've been in bed for such a long time.
With the bush-crime, travelling oooos.
I asked you what would be safe, but then an uncle checked,
pray to the world with the sugarcane.
We'll find you.
We'll find you.
We'll find you.
We'll find you.
We'll find you.
And when you die, we'll get a free ass of Ford.
No good job, but when those bombs explode,
or do buy, we will make you die.
Yes, who may hate us.
Ford, no money, never.
What are we now to do?
What's the matter, guys?
We will get rid of the hearts of two hate women.
A blessed re-die.
We'll change your minds as it won't be hard to do that.
You buy the hype of the old faiths.
Stay tuned for the new spurs we own that new.
We will make you die.
We need to suck in this book and the other guys across the street suck even worse.
That's all our people care about.
They're going back down.
What's going to happen when that November drops off?
For us, it'll help a little bit, but for them, it'll be like a goose.
They'll give me a good kick in the ass.
They're not doing much.
In fact, you put the sports segments together from both stations.
Maybe that makes a number.
Put them all together.
I'm thinking very seriously.
Let's just change it for them.
Let's go all the music.
All these, put that damn waxy right off the air,
put that rotten, sane, jod out of business.
I'll take a personal rickety key.
We don't have good music sounds at AM.
Especially with my great taste in music and little assistance from Georgian Josh.
We could kick their ass.
That's right.
It's at the world of fire.
968 votes.
I totally make a thousand.
It's just barely noon.
Just noonish.
What do you believe about 9-11?
The Bushies allowed it to happen 383.
Almost 40%.
We'll never know 238.
What about my pet goat?
What about it?
It was only al-Kyde 206.
The Neocons were behind an 87.
You know, people like Richard Pearl.
They pinak people like Jeb Bush.
That's right.
Paul Wolfowitz and William Crystal.
That proud of Farbitson Agoyam.
Billie Crystal was it on it.
Saddam Hussein was involved 21.
I hate this Paul, this Paul Paul 17.
And the CIA done it 16.
9.16.
Nobody voted for the dog done it yet.
Maybe the dog done it.
Okay, so that gets us up today.
The van is there right now at the Shell Gant station.
Sharon Street Diswise of I-95.
I'm sure that every brick will be given an update.
We already got 100 bucks so far.
100 bucks so already.
I just got there.
I would assume.
That's a good start.
We're getting up to that.
It gives us 88.00.
We're like kind of virgin 9,000 already.
The goal at least, let's get over the 10,000 mark by the end of the show.
That should be pretty simple.
Right over the week.
That would be nice.
Yeah.
10 grand would be a nice round figure.
By the time we leave it to.
Well, I mean, maybe that's a little bit unrealistic.
You know, there's another 1,200.
Now we can do that.
Yeah.
Two hours?
Absolutely.
Condi sweats for the cameras, baby.
Never let them see a sweat.
Yeah, right.
Condi leaves a rise.
The nation's tough to the night is appearing in a three-part TV interview in which he rides a bike, works on her abs, pumps iron and talks about her weight.
Hey, Condi.
You're fairy.
Public figures usually don't go public when they work on their figures.
But when they do it can help humanize their images.
President Bush is sometimes photographed trying to stay fit on his bike.
And President Clinton took some high-profile jobs.
But Secretary is a state.
A job most people associate with the stiff and screw-able language of diplomacy.
Three days on TV in the gym.
It's hard to picture her predecessor's colon, Powell or Madeline Albright doing the same.
How about Warren Christopher, Alexander Hague?
Not likely.
Samantha von Spirling, a New York-based image consultant whose customers include politicians, was skeptical.
She admires Rice but finds this all to be a bit Oprah-esque.
It just rags me as, what's the point, she said?
Why do I need to see her in spandex?
It has nothing to do with the quality of her mind.
And if she were a man, they wouldn't have asked her to do this during the first place.
Others argue that given the nation's weight problem, some role modeling couldn't hurt.
It's enormously encouraging to other folks who have very busy lives, said Alicia Mogue-Stalberg, executive director of Action for Healthy Kids,
a coalition of more than 40 health and education agencies.
The first segment aired Wednesday in Washington, NBC affiliate.
Now all the people working on their belt line, side to belt,
wait and see how the Secretary's day does it.
Rice gets up at 4.30 in the morning, she exercises every day no matter where in the world she is.
The interview shows her in the State Department gym sweating an ordinary workout clothes.
At one point, Rice is on a mat isolating her abdominal muscles,
listening as her ex-marine train entails her to find a right balance.
When I'm on the road, I absolutely skate the whole time to get up in the morning exercise first.
She said, fresh off her tiring trip to the Middle East.
So was this uplifting on becoming either way Rice may be playing direct and inverted audience,
Wednesday segmented at 5.45 in the morning?
Kind of lazy. Let's play the original one right now.
Come on, you can do it.
I got it.
Get this madness over with, especially with numbers like that.
You want to know what they did in the other day parts in January?
Okay.
To put it bluntly, we all sucked.
But I'll tell you, I can extrapolate it before clearance comes there.
Of course he won't come in or anyway now.
He's busy plotting and planning.
He's on the phone on the bat line with Joyce.
Let's see, mornings the Humper went from a 3.5 in December down to a 2.1,
a precipitous decline, a grotesque number.
We went from a 5.4 in December to 3.7, also a precipitous decline,
but almost double the other numbers of the rest of the day.
Afternoon 3.7, went from a 3.1 in December to a 2.3 in January.
That's 3.7.
And I'm sure that the 3.4 hour didn't help Mr. Magdog at all.
Are we evolving dough in January that we ain't got no mold?
In fact, when did mold be part?
I give up like a month.
No, seriously, this still includes the moldmeister.
Oh.
Okay, yeah, you're right.
Aha.
So there's like a little bit of hope right here.
So the 10 to 3 in 3 to 7, it like includes two hours of numbers.
Maybe.
We don't want to pick on poor Mona, but he's gone kick him in the head.
Kick him in the muskrat.
Do we?
Uh-huh.
Do we?
We want to kick him in the muskrat.
So there you go.
So that's so whatever that is.
But if it's still no matter how you slice it, it's smelly old halibut.
It's not really good.
We've got a lot of work to do, baby.
We've got a lot of work to do.
Now with this new regime confidence is high.
We know that we're really going to attack from all angles.
We're going to bring back all the fart sounds.
And we're going to like really get back to being the humorous, amazing show that we used to be.
Right.
We're going to grow a gigantic pear like Harry Elefonte, am I right?
Right.
Like a big, gigantic hippo.
That's what we need to do.
Let's get our balls back.
No matter what Donald Shalevi says about that.
Get a pear.
Get a pear.
Do you think that would help?
Are you kidding me?
Don't get me started.
Right.
We need the balls of a hippo.
It's not just hey Goldberg.
It's a hippo pomo.
That's what we need.
Wait till you hear this story.
I'm just ruling.
I've listed in today.
I've got a whole got the cats and heres.
I've got a couple of days to come and fall out from a bribery scandal.
How long is it playing?
It's like a rebella shade standing on there.
It's playing, Catherine.
Look out.
Look out now.
In fact, even why Mike is saying, my, my, look out.
What Bush was told about Iraq?
Oh, dobson.
Alito said, thank you note to James Dobson, that far-bison right wing religionist.
Bigot.
Got him.
Making good stories in here.
I guess if I probably plowed right through him, I'd, uh,
I'd george the unready by Paul Krugman.
I may get to that.
Ooh.
What?
That sounds cool.
He's talking about you.
I know.
I wasn't ready.
Soft range found to have high levels of cancer chemical now.
That's bad.
Oh, well, it's chemical.
You know me.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm drinking my caffeine-free dive Pepsi here right now.
I'd bring this stuff by the gallon.
And evidently, it's not good for you.
I've switched to water.
I know that sounds revolutionary.
Really?
Yeah, I drink bottle water.
Well, then we're going to start getting some of that good water that you brought.
Oh, yeah.
I haven't heard anything more about that.
Oh, I see.
Got it.
You got it.
You blind man.
Cloth, Gabby, where's our water?
I'm paying for that.
Gabby.
Who's Gabby?
Gabrielle.
Oh, I think we're talking about Gabby Hayes.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Traces of a carcinogenic chemical have been found in soft drinks that eight times the level
permitted in drinking water was revealed last night.
Eight times the level permitted in drinking water.
Test conducted on 230 drinks, 200 and about 30 men.
I'm selling Britain and France to identify high levels of benzene, a compound notarcaus cancer
coroner, a food standards agency.
This is from the Times, UK, eh?
There's a legal limit of one part forbidden of benzene in British drinking water.
The latest test revealed levels up to eight parts forbidden in some soft drinks.
And of course, people are saying, well, that's the bridge and ain't no different.
That's the same crap.
Believe me.
They got the same stuff.
Benzene has been linked to leukemia and other cancers of the blood.
Traces found in peria water 15 years ago led to withdrawal of more than 160 million bottles
worldwide.
The disclosure is prompted food safety campaigners to demand that the government reveal which
products contained benzene at present at least had been revealed yet.
Well, I want to know, and Querymines want to know, am I drinking benzene or what, by the
gallon?
Richard, at least you'd be in bomb pretty well, what time to croak.
That's right, pickled, pre-pickled.
That's good.
Richard was of susstain.
Well, like you said, all those grave robbers rubbing their hands together waiting for me
to croak, you know, and hurting all of my money.
So then they wouldn't have to waste it on bombing.
That's right.
Of course, you don't have to worry about getting in bomb when you're cremated.
That's what I want to be.
I'm going to sprinkle my ashes at the woodbine.
Oh, we want to do a smearable, or forehead.
You can do not do too late.
That was Wednesday.
By the way, don't forget it was ash Wednesday Wednesday.
It's still not too late to smear few ashes.
Richard was of susstain, a pressure group sustained.
I'm sorry.
A pressure group lobbying for better food standards said that they should be done urgently
because the drinks were being marketed to chillans.
These signs have given instances unclear about whether there's any safe levels of benzene.
We see no reason why it should be different from the designated safe level and drinking
water.
If it's unsafe and drinking water, why should we be safe in the soft drinks?
Maybe all that acid in the soft drinks kills it.
Like when you stick a penny in a bottle of soda, you know, right?
What is this J and Gainesville service?
I love the facts.
And you want to tell you guys how great it is.
I think that you've lose change on your site.
Problem is I got no facts machine.
I know you're good.
I need a good machine line.
Also, you emailed you, right?
Right.
And you find it to me.
I have it at the power of nightmares on my site.
And I think that those things that required reading so thank you so much.
They ought to be required.
But the problem is most of the people out there aren't looking at it.
They could care less.
Pentagon strike, all of those things.
They run our website.
Those are the things that over the weekend, you people should be watching and just won't
know what a disclaimer.
Peel a banana.
By the way, something.
Please get someone to turn off the marlins announcement about returning to Reddit broadcast
and killing me.
And screwdriver and firearm are Joe Bell is a Patsy.
Is that Patsy or Pansy?
I ordered a CD2 and I love to cover.
Thank you, Jay.
Covered all the basic games.
Go to all places.
Please get out of there soon, baby.
Before it's too late.
That's a horrible play.
I've never been there though.
It's all right.
I've been there.
I've covered buildings and what.
You know, a lot of college kids up there, a lot of every morning, exactly.
That's kind of place I'm on.
Exactly.
Oh, yeah.
That's a good time.
Got there.
Let's do the shopping games, Bill, for a couple of weeks.
Let's get strong games.
And why don't I have to go down here to South Florida, man?
Oh, what a horrible, horrible place.
You have no idea how much.
In fact, I hate South Florida like Benzine.
Really?
I really do.
I probably shouldn't put it in those terms because it's not good.
But take a look at just the 3, 7, and January.
Of course, nobody got any number.
We got screwed.
That's a good way to look at it.
All the right winners got the Diaries.
There were no sports people.
And it's strictly, I was the all over again.
You know, it's Russian, the Schmidt Meister, and Schmidt Meister, and Russian on and on the
coast.
And of course, compound that with the fact that nobody who speaks English got any
Diaries.
And that kind of fits in the same category.
And I'm saying, always works out that way.
When the no-speakening English crowd get most of the Diaries or return most of the Diaries,
then the right-wing talk shows it was going to get the big numbers.
All the word in the same word.
Exactly.
My point precisely, that's right.
944 votes for what we're right on the precipice when we come back from the break will have
over 1000.
And don't you feel 997.
Oh, thank heaven for 711.
Or is the Neocons are saying, oh, thank heaven for 911.
What do you believe about 911?
997 votes.
The Bushes allowed it to happen.
395.
We'll never know.
245.
It was only Al-Qaeda.
245.
It was either Al-Qaeda or Al-Goldstein.
The Neocons were behind the 91.
Sada Hussain was involved.
21 of the dumbest people on the face of the earth in the letter to just being comedians.
The CIA did at 17.
I hate this poll only 17.
Well, that's interesting.
Only 17 people hate this poll because it's 7998 people ought to be thinking about.
I'd be watching loose change parts one and two on our website and Pentagon strikes and
the power of nightmares.
All of these.
All of these.
I don't think power nightmares are under anymore, is it?
You can find it.
The links didn't work anymore, so we took them right.
The links, what about the people can find it.
They got to do a search.
That's that one.
What's had a links?
Did you?
What kind of a car was that?
A links.
It wasn't a car that I bought it was given to me to use for a while from some dealer I had
and I can read.
A Ford product.
Yeah, links.
Little red links.
It was OK.
Yeah, a pedal, kind of.
Yeah.
1214 at QAM.
This is Dan Routic, former CBS evening news anchor man.
And now, a punchline.
My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true
genius and complete and total domination as an on the air talking head.
But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me.
First, Bob Sheeper, nice enough man, but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits.
And everyone knows you can't conduct a train if you use Rogaine.
Another name that has been banning about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the
Sunday CBS evening news.
There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long.
Plus he's Canadian.
And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, he can't be a hose head.
Then there's Scott Pelley from 60 minutes.
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush.
I think.
Plus he's skinnier than Kelly Ripper.
And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man.
And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime.
The front runner just exceed me seems to be current today's show co-anchor, Katie Kirich.
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J.Lo's butt
cheeks.
Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she reeks of gene to
take.
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember.
You can't.
You can only hope to find someone who was involved.
Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the
Pledge of Allegiance.
For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong
is to bang, and Katie Kirich has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins
and its extremities laying on a high school lad table.
This is Dan Rather.
Thanks Dan, boy we sure miss him badly.
I don't know who he missed, whereas Bubba or Danny Boy, even Bubba together.
Even Bubba, I see the QM.
There's Jim Clancy from CNN International who's done a turn to the right, a far right.
Anyway, how much we got?
I tell you if I got another update.
Well, see this business of them slacken off out there.
I thought if we're going to do it on every break fine, it may be a little bit over at
the top, or maybe we just don't have any more than we had.
Right, that's possible.
Yeah, at that location, if we only got 100 bucks at this point, boy, we've got real
tourist man, we're never going to get to like 9,000, much less than 10.
The van is at the Shell gas station on Sheridan Street just west of mind 95.
You know something, maybe it's just to do some of those numbers we just got that trend.
You know what I consider those numbers to be?
P-O-P, you know what that stands for?
Pop?
Coup on a plate.
Oh, yeah.
Well.
Well, that's how I envisioned those numbers that just came in.
Really bad.
Awful.
I never heard that one before.
And we didn't even have no hurricane in January.
We came playing that hurricane.
That factor was right.
He's quick playing the hurricane.
I mean, like some people actually had their power back.
Some people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, we're not taking any calls, but I like practice giving the numbers
out.
Tom 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
Now they ought to be lined up out there. Let me say it again. If this is the...if we can
is going to end like this, with these horrible trend numbers that we just had, these rating
numbers, which are enough to make you want to vomit, the puke up last year is kishki.
And...and we're not going to have any...I mean, just goes to show you, we had that
euphoric day on Wednesday, and then the last two days we've been joist, royally. I
mean, my royads are like, topping like rubber bands. I feel like the rubber band
man. Oh, don't play it, please. And then we get that almost 6th round online already,
which is...I never dreamed we'd do that in a couple of days, you know. Did you? No, I
didn't. Now I realized that's like, you know, right out of the box. It's obviously going
to slow down, so it's like anything else, like when you have a grand opening and all
the things. Oh, that sounds like a spinners to me. The spinners, your just spinners.
That's what we're going to be doing is playing a spin of lots of things from now on.
Sit all oldies all the time. Eat your hard-out wiki, tiki. We're going to keep your ass.
We can talk them up too. And see you stop there. He was looking about to start. See?
Very big talk up, baby. I can't even barely hear that damn thing and I talked it out.
Oh, anyway. Played out the computer, it was low. So I got to see. So 140, man. So we got
8840. That's not looking we need...oh boy. I don't want to think about it. Naples. Oh, you think
the only bad thing on a West Coast in Naples is the beesleys, right? You ain't heard nothing
yet. We've talked about this before. But here's the upchuck and the update. Domino is
founder. This guy is a little bit like this. You know, it's just the people who consider
themselves the most religious and the most godlike. They are the worst bigots on the face
of the earth. They're okay. And they're justified. The most bigot and nasty bastards. If
Domino's pizza founder, Thomas S. Monahan has his way, a new town being built in Florida
will be governed according to strict Roman Catholic principles with no place to get an abortion,
pornography or birth control. The town of Ave Maria is sung by Johnny mattress. Hey, Johnny.
You fairy. Shown in his artist rendering when it's called a large cathedral. Oh boy, it's
bigger than God, this cathedral. It's like the crystal cathedral in California, you know?
The Reverend Schuller. The pizza maggot is vancrolling the project, released 250 million bucks
and calls it God's will. I wonder if he's talking about...
Oh God! Civil libertarians say the plan is unconstitutional. I'm threatening to sue. The
town of Ave Maria has been constructed around Ave Maria University. The first Catholic University
will be built in the United States in about 40 years. They should call it Far Bissing University.
F.U. Cue. Both are said to... I like that P.O.P. Cue kind of plate. In fact, you know that
plastic Cue we've all seen that. That's what I... That's what I... That's what I, instead
of the ratings, just put that on the plate. The plastic Cue. Both are said to open next
year about 25 miles east of Naples in southwestern Florida where the beesleaves enjoy our
hanging it out and where they're like devastating everybody in their wake. I think what we ought
to do if we want to goose the number on the show back up there is really put a clamp down
on everything. Not let's say anything, play anything, just sit there and...
There's nothing about that. Nothing about that.
I like it instrumental, in fact I may crank that baby up against me yesterday.
Are you back again when that's the pan for the...
No, it's America Manta. Status looking much of Andy and Indians you ever saw.
I'll be there. Because Zimfar.
That's right.
Zimfar.
That's the world. That's life.
And what?
We could do that. And probably still get bigger than the cross of street guys.
There we go. We're going to the middle time. Just like going to the ballgame yesterday.
Everybody stay and come on. You can do it.
I'll start singing. There we go.
Cue.
Cue. Cue. Cue. Cue. Cue.
Anyway, that could be the new format.
Sure.
Anyway, getting back to the town of Ave Maria. Oh my God, this is just sick.
The town in the university developed in a partnership with a barren caldier company
and agricultural and real estate business will be set on 5,000 acres with a European inspired town center
on massive church, the size of Mount Rushmore, and what plan is called the largest crucifix in the nation.
And nearly 60 feet tall. Why, I bet you Jesus is a like that one.
Maybe even the Virgin Mary will show up on these stained glass windows of this church.
Sure, a big target.
Monahan envisions 11,000 homes and 20,000 residents.
During a speech last year with a Catholic men's gathering in Boston, a men's gathering in Boston,
Monahan said that his community's stores will not sell pornographic magazines.
Pharmacies will not carry condoms or birth control pills, and cable TV will have no ex-rated channels.
Probably I'll have the Pope channel on 24-7.
Pope buyers in Ave Maria will own their property on right, but Monahan and barren caldier will control all commercial retail statements.
The town meaning they could insert provisions and leases to restrict the sale of certain items, like those rubbers.
Oh my God, even on what days you can't wear them rubbers.
I believe all of history is just one big battle between good and evil.
I don't want to be on the sidelines, Monahan, whose sole dominoes pizza and ideate to devote himself to doing good works, said in a recent interview in Newsweek.
Robert Falls, a spokesman for the project, said Tuesday that attorneys are still reviewing the legal issues, and that Monahan had no comment in the meantime.
If they do attempt to do what he apparently wants to do, the people of Naples and Cudder County, Florida, are in for a whole series of legal and constitutional problems.
A lot of litigation indefinitely into the future, or an Howard Simon executive director of the ACL and you of Florida.
Florida Attorney General Charlie Chris Dufair said it will be up to the courts to the side the legalities of the plan.
The committee has the right to provide a wholesome environment, but when Epic Great's have a gay Republican governor, hey Charlie, you go.
Dufair, if someone disagrees, Charlie said they have the right to go to court and present facts before a judge.
I wonder if Charlie likes to be called Charlie or Chuck.
Governor, a fan asked Governor Jeff Bush at the site's groundbreaking review.
This month, a lot of the development is a new kind of town where faith and freedom will merge, and that of course is your good old Catholic governor.
To create a community of like-minded citizens, Bush are converted to Catholicism, and did not speak specifically to the proposed restrictions.
While the governor does not personally believe in abortion or pornography the town, and any restrictions they may place on the citizens choosing to work here,
must comply with the laws and constitution of the state and federal governments, Russia, a Russell twice, they spoke to him with the governor, said this week.
Francis Kisling, president of the liberal Washington-based Catholics for a free choice, like in Monahan's concept to Islamic fundamentalism.
Now we're getting a little warmer. Now you've got your thumb on it.
This is Un-American. Un-American Kisling said, I don't think a democratic society can have a legally-organized township that will seek to have a legal organization.
They have any kind of public service whatsoever, and try to restrict the constitutional rights of citizens. How do you like that?
Don't confuse these people with the facts, man. They're people of faith. They're morons, okay?
Please believe it all, that mumbo jumbo, and they walk around with lots of schmathas on.
This is the needle reflectors of Islamic fundamentalism.
This is 516-2-A-M.
It's dangerous!
Oh-oh!
It's my every child.
Nurse, at 516-2-W-Q-A-M.
Hey, hello baby. Look, you good?
I know.
Hey baby, you wonderful apple to go on that shake!
I'll cheer you.
Let's rearrange the enemy algorithm and put you and I together.
No, there's a thing. I lost my phone number.
Can I have yours?
You might say you have a nice buddy.
Would you hold this thing against me?
In your own, that's a beautiful bark that you're wearing.
It was a given better crampals in the ball on the floor of my cave.
Just eat it.
From 315-6-2-W-Q-A-M.
I've been up to 200 bucks over there at the van, you think?
I think, but I don't know.
Oh, wait, here's the phone.
Here's the phone right there. See, they're right on top of it.
The break just ended, so they're a little bit slow.
We've got that 30-time delay.
They're probably in the throngs of people lined up all the way out there to...
Yeah, there's a turnpike is out there on a server, isn't it?
Yeah, well, I mean, you can go west and the turnpike is there,
but there's no entrance or exit.
Get out of here.
All right, see?
Sterling?
Hollywood, nothing to know.
Yeah, just Hollywood.
Hollywood, Florida.
Florida knows where, like sunrise or something.
Are you sure?
It's, I'm telling you what, it takes me.
Well, that's right.
When I used to go in 95, I used to go to one where we worked in Paxon.
There's an order than it already is.
Huh?
There's a grip and also, by the way, we only have 180.
Oh, well, God's saying, Sidney, you hear the way he said that?
Well, I don't blame him for being detected.
You just have to try to be out of the way.
You know, you're saying, you're pressed.
Don't get depressed.
Too late.
Don't have that joebel defeatist editor.
Oh, we better call up Joyce and see what she says about you know, like that.
Be a little more positive, man.
Look at what happened the other day.
I pushed and I prodded and I beat him over the head and all of a sudden,
but I'm being...
It's only 1230 for quite a lot of those people.
You think they're all living in a block of there like George?
Nobody lives out there.
Who the hell lives on Sheridan Street anyway?
What's up with that?
What's up with the busy street?
What are you talking about?
Get out of here.
Go away.
We'll talk about it.
Go away, that deli.
Old Jew.
Is it really?
That's why we got no...
It's Chavez coming up at Sundown, man.
They're getting ready to go to Schul and put their schmott design.
My schmott design better than your schmott is.
That's the new deal.
It's all a question of head gear.
That's the whole world, man.
It's just a battle of head gear.
New leadership crisis is a right to send into Arna Anarchy.
I don't want to get you depressed with that.
We're doing all the work.
Everything's going real well over there.
Freedom's on a march.
180, that means we got like about almost 9 grand, right?
Right.
Almost 8,900.
Okay, that's anyone thinking.
If we can't even get to a thousand bucks by two o'clock today out there at that location,
then we know that all is lost.
In fact, I just...
I don't want to get you guys really depressed,
but I wouldn't start budgeting any bonus money into your plans for next to the person.
Yeah.
Because I'm sure not.
I think those glory days are long since past.
You know, they call them the salad days.
I think the only salad we're going to get is from Johnny, John DeBaker, and from my house.
That's the only salad you're going to be getting.
Maybe from our shallow, with a challenge.
That's going to be it.
See, a bad 8-hardy, all those three meals that come in all the time because of the voice.
It's looking pretty grim for the future of this joint.
Nice going, Clarence.
You win a new regime, but then against Holy January, you know?
And they barely just come in then.
Give a little time, okay?
Give Joe a chance to get both feet wet for crying out loud.
In fact, I go out there and get a garden hose is what I would do.
He's got a good sense of humor.
And next time you see him in a hallway, just smear his feet with, you know, little H2.
I'll put a pan of water in front of his door.
That would be a good idea.
In fact, just put a puddle of water in front of the door.
Maybe he'll slip on it.
And then, of course, they'll call off Joyce.
What do I do now?
To a poor Joe.
You know, I feel bad.
He's a nice guy like I said.
But didn't I tell you right from the beginning?
Who was the one?
Who was the one that told you right from the beginning to pay for Tiger, baby?
This is the beastly-staking control now.
They're at the realm.
They're at the helm.
Whatever it is.
They're at the Jesse helm.
They've got to come on the throttle, baby.
And they got us throttled.
We can't say crap.
Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, that happens.
That's right.
Just when you thought we finally had gotten punched back and smashed in the head as much as we could.
Now all of us, and we take it to another level.
And then we got that little puts clearance in there.
Oh, why don't you can't pay it as because that's about the beastly-stakes.
And there's whips in apples and all this other stuff.
Yeah, we got a couple apples for you.
Okay. In fact, you ought to be doing a green apple quick step right about now.
Correct them.
Clarence.
And as far as that email that I supposedly received about that reviv-
They're ain't getting there ain't no email.
Didn't exist.
And how could there have been an email because he didn't recharge his Blackberry when he went to do his basket bowl again.
He didn't recharge his Blackberry.
He was in limbo doing a limbo rock.
Right?
Right?
Didn't he call you?
I got an email that I read to you.
Oh, so how the hell did an email do if he couldn't email me?
It was from a computer like at the library or something.
I don't know.
At the library, he was making it up.
I don't know.
I got an email from some weird address.
Maybe you went to one of those internet cafes or something.
We're making a couple of coffee lattes.
Wait till you hear about Catherine Harris.
Did you hear about her playing all brother?
That play man's, he playing is on a spiral.
Catherine Harris caught and fall out from bribery scandal.
Yes!
There is a God.
Still trying to gain momentum for her Senate U.R.A.
US Representative Catherine Harris is having to answer questions about a California defense contractor.
The prosecutor say illegally funnel thousands of dollars to her campaign in 2004.
Like I said, it's a really good idea that we got Curtis and Bowen, all these different people on a guilty,
because we can only go up.
So keep in mind that January, your buddy was still in the blue floor.
Not that we're going to lay it off on him.
The rest of the station's stuck too.
Okay?
Don't know how to put it on his bald head.
He didn't help though.
Catherine Harris, the former Florida Secretary of State, who helped fix the 2000 presidential election,
issued a statement yesterday saying she knowingly did nothing wrong in her association
with Mitchell Wade, who was played a guilty to bribe your California Congressman.
She's caught on a fall out, eh?
And look at that.
On this page, this is from the Sun Senators and Ed.
Fly nonstop to Tel Aviv.
Oh!
How would you do it, Catherine?
I think it's a setup.
Friday, Wade admitted bribe.
US Representative Duke cunning him with more than a million dollars in gifts in exchange for the Republican Congressman's assistance
and getting $150 million in defense department contracts for his high-tech national security company.
Wade faces up to 20 years in a slimmer.
There are a bunch of cruxes what they are.
Gypsies, tramps, and thieves make no mistake about it.
No wonder people only give it to them about American Idol.
They're one of them going to get laid next.
That's all anybody cares about.
They help with all this other crap.
Sitting here reading all this stuff.
We put that loose change on there.
And people are going to sit there and they're going to think about it.
They don't care.
All they want to do is try to stay alive, just like us.
30 years.
Boy, it's a good thing.
It's excellent timing.
You notice right after the end of that 30th anniversary show,
and now it's like we just went over the ends of a cliff, like one of the titan, Leo.
God.
Wade, MZM's former president also admitted to making nearly $80,000.
By the way, I understand that they're remaking.
Gone with a wind.
Yeah, all right.
Red Butler, Leo de Caprio, Scarlett O'Hara, Jailo.
Oh, is she going to play that?
Wait, I mean, MZM's former president also admitted making nearly 80 grand in legal campaign contributions.
And the names of MZM employees and their spouses to two other members of Congress,
identified well from federal election commission records as Harris, and represented virtual good,
Republican of Virginia.
Where's that Virgil Goody?
Remember that song Goody Goody by Frankie Lime and other teenagers?
Speaking about Frankie Lime and other teenagers.
Goody Goody.
He did so to get around a lot of the limits campaign contribution to do grand before.
Now, actually, chicken echo members that, Goody Goody, I bet you don't have that.
I bet you got wider fools falling in love by Frankie Lime and but not Goody Goody.
You got it?
Look at that.
What's out there?
Wrong?
What was that?
Rock and Goodway by Brooke Vettin and Dino Watt.
Brooke Vettin, oh my God, is he still alive?
I hope not.
Brooke Vettin.
I don't have Goody Goody.
It's not Goody Goody.
Goody Goody.
Well, we're up to 80.
Goody Goody.
See, I have what I just tell ya.
Two 80 and other, the next, the next sale will get us up to nine grand.
We got 8980s, our total mass.
You have no stick with it.
And just like, look at you.
Look at you.
You've got that panthers thing.
You were going over there putting a few bogus hours on your timesheet.
Which by the way, Deb, I fetched him my timesheet from February.
Please don't lose it anyway.
And you're off of that.
He walks away.
He had the Marlins gig over there sitting there just eating free pizza and patting Dave Van Boren on a back.
Or convincing me he was doing a fine job.
He even had a wake.
He walks away from that.
Oh.
Then you got this posh gig.
What you got nice checker to mail on the way to you.
Which will be there any day.
And you're walking away from this.
You're going over to par to work for like 10 grand a year.
Am I walking away from this?
I'm not.
I'm not.
We sure had, I mean, after being a boyfriend, I like to, at least we got somebody.
It may not be a rocket sign.
Just released your like stable.
Apparently he had before.
He's upright, which is really.
You show up on the menu where you stand up straight.
And don't keep falling on a board.
Oh, the way that Marlins thing was a scam.
Because remember that he would be gone like two or three days a week because of that thing.
Yeah.
So we're glad he's not doing that anymore.
Oh, me too.
Crying out loud.
We don't want to move it.
They're eating all that bad food at the state of making himself sick.
And the food over there does suck.
Okay.
I don't care whether Wayne likes it or whoever don't like it.
The food there blows.
And you got to pay for it.
And you got to pay for it.
The only good thing they got there is Carvelle.
Not that Carvelle is so good.
No, no, I'll tell you what I'm, when I was doing those dolphin games when I had my paid season tickets.
A nice hot-fired Sunday before the dolphin game always puts you in a nice mood.
You know, got your blood sugar up to about a thousand.
Yeah.
With like extra maraschino cherries on it.
Now, that was a good thing.
They would put as many cherries, put a whole bunch of cherries on it.
Okay.
They're cheap.
Oh, I think it's just the name they used to be.
You know, those games with fat rich.
I think what I'm going to do, I'm going to come back to town football season and go to a couple of games.
They'll prop fat rich up in the sea next to me.
And that'll mean extra submarine sandwich all for me.
All for me.
He's gonna be sobs, man.
You know, one thing about fat people, us fat people.
We know our food.
Well, I don't care what they, and I'm not talking about gourmet food.
I'm talking about good food.
Good, just down home.
He used to, I forget the name of the place in Kindle.
But he always had a big sack of sub sandwiches.
He'd bring to those dolphin games.
And before the game would start, we'd sit there and just shovel them down our foot.
Oh, man, that was good.
I wish I knew the name of the place in Kindle.
Captain is a Captain Jimmy?
Is that sound familiar?
That sounds like a name.
I think that's it.
Boy, I'm, all of a sudden, man, I'm a sharpest attacking.
You wonder why yesterday was one of the most aggravating days of my life.
And I got that blood sugar down real good.
And my blood pressure down like it's so good, it's scary.
And I'm going to stay alive in spite of this company.
In spite of Joyce.
So Joyce, you bitch.
You idiot.
You know, if you got spilkeys, baby, don't look at me about it.
You got your own problems.
And you made it.
You made your bed and now lying at honey.
Lying at laying it.
And by the way, prosecutor said Harris got $32,000 from employees who were reimbursed by a way.
That's your friend, Catherine Harris, of the fixed election fame.
Wade targeted these two members of Congress because he believed that they had the ability to request appropriations funding that would benefit MZM.
US Attorney, Kenneth Waynestein said last week, or is that Waynestein with an AI doubt today?
In his plea agreement, Wade acknowledged dining with Harris at a Washington restaurant in 2005 to discuss a possible fundraiser for, and obtaining funding for a Native counter-attunance program involving his company, the Plan Co. for Location and Harris' Sauri Soda District, the City of Hate, Sauri Soda.
Prosecutors in Harris' Soda said she was unaware that donations were illegal and she recently donated the money into a charity.
Right, your mama.
Try not to like that.
So, Catherine Harris, she's got her toes.
She's got about as much chance of getting elected dog catcher as anybody.
Senate my ass.
So, I hope the Republicans continue running a lot more candidates just like her.
This is Neil Rodger.
And we all take the same place.
This is 5'16".
In the last few years, she has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
She has been a member of the National Assembly of the United States.
and from the sky over couple
извест
and remember
Shakespeare territory
and
Roger
nost
McSA Entrepreneur
The
47 at 560 WQM Curtis Stevenson at 2 the award winning Curtis Stevenson for Moe show
Mad Dog from Bonefish Maxx at 4 and in 630 we got that Panther crap
Panther of panthers
Even the Fox News poll shows that most Americans opposed the port deal and Republicans are sagging, you know
Kind of like Maude their sagging probably not that much. We can only hope
Most Americans opposed allowing you to bottle guess who Larry hit unless not at once four seconds of it
I channel change so fast like an auto pilot I don't know rose and bar
Now is she kind of like old old new yeah off the bat
man
Let's see well first of all Americans by great. This is the what poll is this round brown scene from the LA times
Americans by greater than a three-to-one margin opposed the proposal that would last state on their affirmative assume control operation
Several US force and LA times Bloomberg poll is fun greater than three to one margin you got that?
Yeah, that'll care and in their poll the Bush approval rating failed a 38% is this approval rating rose to 58%
So all the polls show between my 34 and 39% for your president
President Dumbled them with dangerous. That's the problem. Too many d's with this guy Dumbled and dangerous
We're gonna see if there's any new any new any new what no any any new numbers in this period around the whole of it
There's new numbers out at Sheridan because we got three twenty three twenty so we're like over nine thousand now you see
We got a shot of getting up to what 400 today
You got nine thousand and twenty dollars we need nine eighty in the next hour and twelve minutes to get to a thousand and we'll never make it to get to ten grand anyway
Can we do it you can do now? Well, we could do it if you folks who get out there and get with it
But I know we've already we've already siphoned enough money from the whole audience since one of those one day one shot deals
It's like Wednesday, you know, there was a right off the highway like 30 seconds from the highway exit
Yeah, Fred off on 95. It's right there, man
It's right where the old I would use to be the tax and building right right where Jack Mark's parking space used to be
The van is at the shell gas station on Sheridan Street
Just west of I 95 it's right there the QM van you'll see it
Some strange people inside of it and they got the commemorative of a CD
T-shirt 20 bucks a piece the proceeds go to a band-in-peer rescue and we're over nine grand now
But it would sure be nice to get to ten grand by two o'clock or really close to it right on top of it
Because you know whatever is coming in online will certainly already put us over the ten grand soon
Right, but I don't want to say that because
Oh, they already you know
There's another excuse for them to like slack off
I realize it's Friday and most of you people aren't listening to us anymore any hobbit
That's okay remember what we used to be good. I do remember most Americans opposed allowing me to buy comedy to run some US ports
Now this is a fox pull I know I just I'm reading this because if they come up with these numbers
Then you know the things are really bad for the bushmeister and coal
Even as a majority understands the US would continue to control port security according to a new Fox news pool
This is on the Fox and and a poll website the one that's got the swastik on it
One in four Americans sees the UAE as a strong ally, but most either disagree or unsure
The United Arab Emirates you think that most people know what the hell that is or where it is get out of here get out of here
United Arab Emirates my ass and
Edition the poll shows Republicans have lost ground on the issue of terrorism and by a wide margin voters
Nothing it'll be better for the country if the Democrats when control Congress this year's mid-term election
Not great the least in improvement. Okay. We know the Democrats suck but they're less dangerous
For only the second time was presidency the poll finds the president bushes overall approval of job rating has fallen below
40% this is the fox poll
39% of Americans say they approve and 54% this approves last year
He had a record low of 38% 36% this poll
There's also one of only a handful of times the bushes approval is dropped below 80% among Republicans today
77% of Republicans approve
This is approval rating from Democrats went from 79% early February to 84% today among independents his approval rating essentially is on change
35%
The port controversy along the situation in Iraq fully 81% of Americans think it's likely Iraq will end up in a civil war
A pair to be taking a toll on Republicans as Fox News with several tears in their eyes
For the rest is wiping his eyes with these pages my back pages remember that by the birds. Oh, you don't have that. Maybe you do
Looking that's B.Y. R.D. right right. Oh come on. No, I got mr. Tambry men walking in rhythm
Turn turn turn oh I get the black person turn turn turn now. I don't have it. Oh, well, why not? It must not have been a big enough hit get out of here
I'm not gonna pick up that book. I'm too old and I've been I've been the am right away here for almost eight consecutive hours now
Had almost three years today like I said six
Maybe we'll take some calls in last hour. What do you think no chance?
A
1778 votes not not that I really mean I was starting Monday. We'll go back and talk to the idiots and those are great callers again
But enough is enough for a couple days. I'm giving myself a nice gift here
For my anniversary especially after these two days of psychosis after something that could have been handled very very easily
Like a manch talk a little bit. What's the problem with the thing? Okay? No problem. I mean, let me let me ask you this seriously
Was there ever and I want to find out one thing
I want to know the term because you conveyed it to me and I have a feeling was your term was I having a hissy fit over the fact that he's since you
That bit was that your term or his no comment. No, no, I want to know
It wasn't mine
So was that was currencies that the email that you supposedly got that didn't that you didn't get was the email that I read to you
Yeah, which contained that term so I wanted to know because I had an email on it was I having a hissy good over the fact that there was a
Print it up and send it to you that would be good
I'd like to keep that I'd like to keep that in my drawer that I'm keeping the email like I've been from Joe
But you were the one that insisted on hearing it because I was I told you right we have an email saying I'm having a hissy
Continue not to play that this is the point that's not the point
But it could be handled very easily, but I started to ask you you know in the past
There have been those occasions like when Duff was doing the stuff which was certainly much more
Rational and much more like a manch
There were times when they were said oh well, this is just you know and we thought wow
We didn't know but if we were told don't play we don't play it. Yeah, we got 50,000 other bits in here to play
Plus we realized we can't say anything anymore anyhow
I think the day that it all went downhill is when we couldn't play the sofa king anymore. That was the end
Mm-hmm. Maybe toward the end of the show
Paul Krugman writes in the or times George the unready sees picking on you again
Iraqi insurgents hurricanes and low-income Medicare recipients have three things in common each has been at the center of a policy disaster
In each case experts worried about the impending disaster and in each case well looks. Let's look at what happened
Night ridders Washington bureau reports that from 2003 on intelligence agencies
We've repeatedly warned the White House that the insurgency in Iraq had deep local roots was likely to worsen and complete a civil war
But senior administration officials insisted that the insurgents were mixed up dead-enders and foreign terrorists
Intelligence analyst refused to go along with that line were attacked for not being team players
According to US News and World Report President Bush's reaction to a pessimistic report from the CIA is bagged at station
Chief was remarked what is he some kind of defeatist?
Many people have now seen the video of the briefing mr. Bush received before Hurricane Katrina struck
Much has been made the revelation that mr. Bush was dishonest when he claimed a few days later that nobody anticipated the breach of the levies
Where's that leave ease?
But what's really striking given the gravity of the warnings is the lack of urgency mr. Bush and his administration displayed and
Responded to the storm a horrified nation watched the scenes of misery at the superdome and wondered why
Help had him arrive but as newsweek reports for several days nobody was willing to tell mr. Bush who equates disagreement with this loyalty
How badly things were going for most of those first few days newsweek says Bush was hearing what a good job the feds were doing
Heck of a job
Now for when you may not have heard about the new Medicare drug program got off to a disastrous start low-income Medicare beneficiaries around the country
We're often overcharged and some were turned away from pharmacies with not getting their medications in the first week of Medicare's new drug benefit
The New York Times reports how did this happen the same way the other disasters happened
Experts who warned of trouble ahead were told to shut up
We can get a sense of what went on by looking at a 2005 report by the nonpartisan GAO on potential problems with the drug program
Included with the report is letter for Mark McCullan the Medicare administrator
Rather than taking the concerns of the GA or seriously
He tried to bully it and the changing its conclusions
He demanded that the reports say the administration had established effective contingency plans
Which it had not and that it dropped the assertion that some people would encounter difficulties obtaining necessary drugs
Which is exactly what did happen
Experts within the Centers for Medicare Medicaid services must have faced similar bullying and unlike experts at the independent GAO
They were not in a position to stand up for what they knew to be true
In short our country is being run by people who assume that things will turn out the way they want and if someone warns a problem as they shoot the messenger
Or just their hunting partner
Some commentators because the series of disasters now afflicting the Bush administration
There seems to be a new one every week as if it were just a string of bad luck, but it's not
If good luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity bad luck is what happens when lack of preparation meets a challenge
And our leaders who think they can go into a mix of wishful thinking and intimidation are never ever
Prepared
Why it's the one to two hour
Oh
Hey mark stop that thing whatever it is we already have it
We're about 10 years too late
Yeah, that's when things were great
When Finland was president
Okay, it was innocent
But we still see friends
And people stand for a bit
Spiritly at an internet
And there was no spend yet
Never heard about been locked
Was there was always in the black
We still care about my gun
And not about to take a text
And all that great music
Yeah, you could take your big
Like it was said from gun
No phone, no ringtone, no
I was like a racist or a booty
That granny was a cutie
There was a lambish horse that
And Julius went from Lava
And to f**k him
We're smashing the field
Stripecation
But nothing that white deals right since
1919
1994
1994
You know my cryus and with me
They beat the pants up right
We still had some teasers
But also there was winter and we had so
Fees be Hawkins
Yes, he was never gone in
I wonder if he survived that
1995
It's one o'clock in 560 WQMD
You know where your children are
No, why do they say that?
What does that mean?
That's uh that's old
I know what the public service is
Teach you wrongly for anti-bush remarks
Oh by the way before I get to that
I did receive here's a copy of that email
Now you'll notice
And I have no idea what you blocked out
Or somebody across the
His real email address is obviously what's there
And you're the kind of bastard that would put that out on the air
No, I wouldn't
When the hell did I ever do that?
Oh it's something you did
I added that to the guy from across the street
Alan Brown
But that's the echo
I wouldn't do that
So you're as bad as he is
I think you're in cohoots with that idiot
That's right we're cootin
Yeah, I haven't at least
I think you're doing something
I don't know what it has to do with
Right, Tom
Anyway
To George and it has nothing to do with the me
Didn't say to Neil and their copy and right
And my credit
He doesn't want to hear from you
I mean you don't want to hear from him
It's what I meant to say
If it has to do with something that is on the air
Going to be on the air and out of court
How now
In other words, I got to get all by you
Even on a female
Get out of here
Childish
Just like this email
George my battery died
I have no access to my blackberry
See let me see it again
Take the charger
Okay
Take the Dodge charger
Like the one that was in
Christine
Was that a charger?
I don't remember
I don't think so
Where's it?
A plymus fury
Think you're thinking of Duke's a hazard
Well, I'm not thinking of Duke's a hazard
I'm thinking of Christine
With John Stockwell and that goofy kid
Regalized that was in
He was in the movie with Michael Kane
And what's your name?
Oscar kill
The Andy Dickinson
Right, Gresta Kill
I was good movie
Isn't that the same kid that played in Christine
Because of restrictions by major league baseball
We cannot stream Florida
Marlins baseball here online at wqam.com
When the Marlins game is over
We were turned to regular programming here
Strong a hissy fit
Now let me ask you something
When's the last time I threw a hissy fit
Can you over the sea?
I've been able to pop
Including the one yesterday from our general mangroves
Who says I know we're going way over the top
But that's what they want us to do
That's a good one to keep in your fire
You know
We're way over the
Teach you on leave for anti-bush remarks
That's side America, baby, Aurora Colorado
About 150 high school students walked out a class to protest to the city
To put a teacher on leave while they investigate remarks he made
About president pushing class and coding that some people compare Bush to Adolf Hitler
Well, I'll be more than glad to volunteer on that
To bear out his case when you
Okay
The protest in fact, what was that reading before about who was it?
What were their cowboy hat?
Stop faxing Mark
Hey Mark, stop it if I- is this that Mark of art quickly guy?
Well, stop it. What is he faxing?
Trying to stack the story that you already had
What is it? I don't know
He's just I'm canceling the cover sheet
Stop doing it Mark. I already got it. Whatever it is.
You got it. That goes for everybody else that packs the stories all day long
Whatever it is, you got it
Well, not necessarily. Once in a while we get something kind of interesting
Like once every single time I can't remember when the lot yeah
Anyway
Uh Jerry spends with a cowboy hat
When he talking to Disney, isn't he right now?
That's probably the boy with the bullway tie
Well, there you go
The protest came yesterday as administrators began investigating whether
Overland High School teacher Jade Benish
Violated a policy requiring balancing viewpoints in the classroom
Cherry Creek schools district spokeswoman Tuston Amelie said
It was peaceful the students yell but there was no fighting Amelie said
Most of them did return to class
A telephone number listed for Benish who's been teaching social studies in American
History at Overland since 2000 has been disconnected. I can't imagine why
Southmore Sean Allen recorded about 20 minutes of Benish's class during
In February 1st discussion about Bush instead of the union speech
And gave the recording to his father who complained to the principal Amelie said
Isn't Amelie like a car wax?
I thought it was a uh
Oral aditings about Amelie
Some carishments
After listening to the tape at seven and the comments in the class were
Interpreterate there were now no not adequate opportunities for opposing points of use
You said there were fouls and spokesman for the Colorado Education Association
Which represents about 37,000 union teachers said it will not represent Benish because he's not a member
But that Benish has hired an attorney well good you go man
You go Jay tell him like it is tell those kids we got to not see a government
We got a fascist for president some and dangerous
And devious and dishonest anything with a D
And of course the vice president begins with the D as in dangerous did I dick
Speaking of a liar what Bush was told about Iraq oh no this is from the national journal
Too highly classified until I'm just I'm gonna frame that thing I'm throwing a hissy fit
You know something my life is very calm and very classy the only time that I get all whipped out of shape
Is because of the same person that wrote you that email
And somebody needs to sit that and I'm gonna win system is somebody needs to sit this child down
And either get him some emotional assistance or do something to stop with the insanity just like that outrageous call
I got that 20-minute lecture I got on Monday
Honest acceptable to what next week I'll bring my balls
Yeah, there's a calm him down a little bit. Okay. Give him a melancholy just a couple of nights is it be good
Couple of doggy downers would be excellent
Anyway
Too highly classified intelligence reports delivered directly to president Bush before the Iraq war cast out on key public assertions made by the president
Vice president chanye and other administration officials as justifications were invading Iraq and
Taffin Sodom was saying in court to records and knowledgeable sources
The first report delivered the Bush in early October
2002 was a one-page summary of a national intelligence estimate that discussed whether Sodom's percurement of high strength aluminum
Tubes tube was for the purpose of developing a nuclear weapon
Among other things the reports stated that the energy department and the state department's Bureau of Intelligence and Research
Believe that the tube tube were intended for conventional weapons of you disagree with that of other intelligence agencies including the CIA
Which believe that the tube tube or intended for nuclear bomb when a bomb
The disclosure that Bush was informed of the DOE in state descents is the first evidence that the president himself knew of the sharp
Debate within the government over the aluminum tube during the time that he changed another members of the cabinet
We're citing the tube as clear evidence of an Iraqi nuclear program
New to the president nor the vice president told the public about the disagreement among the agencies
When U.S. inspectors entered Iraq after the fall of Sodom's regime
They determined that a rec nuclear program had been dormant for more than a decade and that the aluminum tube had been used only for artillery shells
The second classified report delivered a voice in early January
2003 was also a summary of national intelligence estimate
This one focusing on whether Sodom would launch an unprovoked attack on the U.S. either directly or indirectly
By working with terrorists the report stated that U.S. intelligence agencies unanimously agreed
That it was unlikely that Sodom would try to attack the United States
Except if ongoing military operations risked the imminent demise of his regime
Or if he intended to extract revenge for such in the South according to records and sources
Prouding the hornets necessary great philosopher once said that would have done it
The single descendant of the report came again from these states bureau of intelligence and research known as INR
Which believed that the Iraqi leader was unlikely to conduct like this in the tax against the U.S. homeland
Even if his regime demise is imminent as a result of U.S. invasion
Remember that he was going to use the chemical gas on our troop
Like we already all those who don't understand winter stem. I didn't do it because he didn't have field commanders
I don't order. Yeah, have it
Oh
You don't got it you can't use it
It's like a race if you're not in it you can't win it
And at least for earlier occasions beginning in the spring of 2002
According to the same records and sources the president was informed during his morning intelligence briefing and intelligence briefing
That U.S. intelligence agency believe it was unlikely that Sodom was imminent threat to the U.S.
However in the month leading up to the war buschening in cabinet members
Repeatedly asserted that Sodom was likely to use chemical or biological weapons against the U.S.
Should have provided such weapons to al-Qaeda or another terrorist group
And this is a very long article. It's on our website. What Bush was told about Iraq
I think it's on here today is it not Josh?
What do you know?
I don't remember how I'm what we got by the way. I'm 440
440 see we're plotting along
We had a shot of getting close to a thousand by or close to 600 by the end of the day. So what is that?
Give us now other 120 91 40 now. We're not going to get to 10,000 by two
But keeping in mind that between four and six that's going to be the secret weapon rock solid the big old right?
Right because I'm sure that there'll be
Trayons of people going out to see him at 87 63 sterling road in Cooper City with our best of needle
Teenies and commemorative t-shirts a mere 20 bucks a piece for a band and per rescue
See these and t-shirts will be there with the big roll for the grand opening of sports cliffs
At 87 63 sterling road Cooper City between four and six to seven and so we got a double shot
Add it we go we got a shot like Jimmy Johnson would say
We got a shot is Dick Chaney would say
Let a shot
11 await on the pole by the way. I think I'm going to read that email again
And then I'll throw a hissy fit
All right
You see you're dealing with somebody who doesn't know how to deal with adults
That's the problem when you got somebody with a childish sports nerd mind
Who only knows what the score to ballgame is he doesn't know how to deal with adults
How to talk to people who are like over the age of 10 do you understand what I'm saying?
Maybe he'd be a real good kindergarten teacher. You think well, I think it's all life-old actually
And why is that oh because I shouldn't have read that part of the email to you
Oh, it's you're gonna like pick and choose whatever he uh, that's right. I'm gonna cherry pick email
Make sure that you don't really be that would be unacceptable seem
Because obviously the question is is your loyalty to him or to me
Obviously no to him that's right
We're kahooten. Oh look at this the internet feed is going wacko
It keeps getting interrupted by that stupid ass Marlon's baseball disclaimer
This thing was also playing during commercial breaks giving the impression that you guys aren't on
Well, that's really good nice going back there whoever's responsible for that
And that's certainly got to be an internal thing whoever's irresponsible for that. Yeah, who's irresponsible for that sounds like sabotage you to me
Or at least read people injured by an SUV somewhere big story on CNN
Oh, no, and there's four lost puppies in San Antonio. What do the Marlins are co-in there? Oh
That's what they want to pedal to the American public anything except anything that's meaningful that might make you a question what else going on around you
Now what were you just saying early a moment ago that got me so affronted? I don't know you were throughout a sissy fit about something
Oh, that's right. I'm sorry when we come back after the breaking wheel throw a sissy fit
9,140 bucks all right now I bet you with what we got on the internet
Don't forget you can order right off our website and also on our website please
Yeah, I know you won't you won't read it. You won't look at it well. No, I'm gonna shot there
There's the occasional odd ball out there that does give a crap
And we got the picture there to cover the CD which is really cute and then we got the place to click on our online store to order the stuff
And then underneath the pool
There's a link 9 11 lose change and second edition with extra footage
And if you have any questions about what happened if it ever peeked your curiosity about or really went on there
And about how those twin towers both happened to fall and of course there are a lot of sources now saying that the ribbons place inside the building
And of course those mysterious exercises they had the week before and I was to just been a coincidence
1112 votes. What do you believe about 9 11 the bushes allowed it to happen over 40%
447 people say we'll never know 270. It was only al-Qaeda 231
The neocons were behind it 101 the neocons
Sodom was sent was involved 24 of the dumbest creatures who have ever crawled on the face of this globe
Sodom was involved
The CIA did it. I think Jesus done it. I think Moses and the Muhammad done it all there goes the Arab street
The CIA did it 20. I hate this pool only 19 out of 1112 votes pretty good pretty impressive. Yes, me
Huh, we'll take it. I bet you want to come back for that but we're found her yesterday for the shell stations
Don't forget the vanners of the shell gas station Sheridan Street just west of 95 go there and just throw a whole bucket of money
If those guys and they'll leave town
Who's out there by the way?
Okay, oh my gala and listen and Miguel's only got 440 you guys my god almighty
It's from an extra fin and he might to do something special for you
He'll dance a jig that's right. He'll do a little. No, I have danced uh one of those though like
Solcidance is what they call like karaoke. I've karaoke. What do they call those?
What do they call what those little uh Mexican dances uh like the Mexican hat dance?
Like hooker right that's it. He'll do a Mexican hat dance. Somebody better bring him a hat
No, bring your good smart to the put on okay Q.A. M. Maracas. That's it
I'm wondering if this is oh that's right. This is not the right. This is for the next break
I don't know because the course restaurant for it's just a wall. He didn't do nothing
And like Hank said this morning isn't great to see that the sales department's really shaping them
Nice going branch. What's by the way? I got some copy from him
If you're hungry, I mean really got a big appetite right now, but it's time to head over to John the Baker with two great locations for you
I bet you're wondering how I knew
Everyone knew all 62,000
I know you had a privacy before
But thanks to me, you don't have it no more
It's no big deal. Don't have a cow
Just because yes, I can hear you now
Don't you know that I heard it through your phone line
Attorney general says it's just fine
Baby I heard it through your phone line
The land's pretty soon will read your mind. You know it's coming
Your phone line and we're hoping that you don't mind baby
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's your heart out smokey Robinson
Huh? All right. There's 10 of immigrants
Very white. I don't know why I'm guessing
Dr. 6.7
Don't lie baby
So that crack staff looking at that internet problem of the Marlon's feed and it's a couple of taxes we've had about that
No, no, they're not
Well, that's good. We're almost done today anyways
Somebody else worry about it. What me worry. You know, I don't know if you ever use Alexa
No, I don't I tried it for a while and
Since it's technically spy where I took all that stuff
And for whatever reason no, no, it doesn't really miss anything up. They like they keep trying to remove oh
They're finally your message is on the way. It's not the explorer because if everything else on there's working like lightning fast
Like always but the Alexa stuff is just a crawling and I don't what's going on besides I use firefox for everything
Okay, okay, we're back to that again
Hey, you're the one that got me started on it. It's your fault. I love firefox the only problem is you can't do the quick email on there and
Alexa does it like at least when it's working right like I have these but they're having their issues lately
I don't know what their story is they're having issues. You know what I'm saying? We're having issues
Don't have a scissors fit over though. Hey, at least we have six 40 now
Well, no, there's a quick couple hundred four and we got a shot man. We got a shot in the thousand. I can do it
I can do it the old man. You can do it
Let's see so that gives us 90 340 we will we will get to 10,000 at the end of the bigos thing between four and six
I will bet you I'll bet you joebell's life on it out sure when the water Nazi and we'll throw in Joyce and Bruce Beasley and
Caroline Beasley what I leave out
George Bealley or Maul in there and he would go up in the atri
Well, what are they're going to do when I have to famous when Tom Monahan comes in there with all that all the pizza and Catholics
Ha ha ha. Now, let me ask you this is it okay to like eat the meat and cheese on Friday
macaroni and cheese and it was okay. Oh, remember they said that that was like that expired or something
Yeah, that the Pope changed his mind because he likes his papi runny's baby
He likes his sausage on Friday. It killed bossa. Oh
Man, I hear he entertains the swish party. That was the old poem that my Lexus Bratz
Yeah, he likes his bratz. Maybe I'll invite him over for a couple of good brats
I got from Omaha steaks that showed up early. No less those are really good
The rest of their stuff is crap and they bugged the hell out of you
Doesn't that bother you when you like do business with somebody like over uh the internet
And then they keep sending you emails and phone call they just bought I don't like that. Yeah
That's that's everybody what you just put at least your spam list leave everybody alone. Okay, and I'll order more your brats
Otherwise, I'll send the Hermann Gearing. I'll send the attorney general or Alberto V05
Jose him in his Gonzalez
9340 we got six 40 so we need only 360 and 40 minutes. So what is that 360? It's like 18 transactions
Right, right? So that's like one every two minutes. That's not a big deal. The other girl can handle that he can handle it
It's good out there the advantage of the corner of the shell station is sharing the street just west of 95
Rubikini corner where we used to work there by a passion where jack mark left his mark in the parking lot many croaked
We're running Ron used to be with all them nasty skanky hookers. They used to have any oh my god that place used to stink man
Used to stink like a Chinese laundry on a bad day
God what's what now? What's that thing in the Taliban? It's felt like a bad day at the zoo
Yeah
You know I get the feeling I must be on drugs or something these last two days so I am just why?
How do you have because the words are just pouring out. I have no idea where to lie
I am. I'm so in coherent from all this stress stress kills clearance leave me alone
Okay, you child you silly person you go have a sissy fit leave me out of it
You see an effect the fact that a matter is you know
I want you to stop and think about this. It doesn't take child outcomes in perimation
To figure this out if somebody sends you an email saying oh if he's having a hiss event
That means he anticipated that I would have because of the way that it was done
You follow what I'm saying?
Okay, right. That's a point. Yes. Stop and think about that put that in your list of
evidence as you're building this case
I know I sure is how I am
Maybe it was intended that I should have a hissie fit because now he's gonna you know
So thank god that your attorney Norma Kent there who did such a great job working your contract out
By the way, I just expired aren't you expired already? Yeah, yeah, yeah, if you'd pay him some money man
That's all Norma cares about he just wants a big check
Josh will take care of it. He's got that new gear coming over there in power. Oh, yeah
So they're just stonewalling you right you're not hearing any more about that. That's a very good word
Stonewall. Yeah, which means that they did what did I tell you before this has been their modus operandai from the very beginning
We see it happen to one schmuck after another one and that is that they keep streaming you were long and streamer
And the longer they're streaming you were long that means more pay periods that they just keep paying the same Paltry
50 Cent an hour whatever they're giving it and then they're just they're just buying time. That's all that's that's a mentality
And these people are worried about what we're playing on a year my god
Good golly miss Molly. Esmeral business
Anyway
Denver focused on the family founder James dobson said yet at Wednesday that new supreme court justice Samuel Alito
Send him a letter thanking him and his radio listeners for their support during his confirmation hearings in the US Senate a
As if there was any doubt about where Sam Lito is coming from
Uh-huh Alito wrote that the prayers of so many people from around the country were a palpable and powerful force
As long as I serve on the supreme court
I will keep in mind the trust that's been placed in me dobson said on his radio broadcast quoting Sam
Dobson is an opponent of abortion as conservative Christian ministry for our business based in Colorado spring says this radio show and its other broadcast and publications reach more than 200 million people worldwide
How very sad how tragic
Zair tragic we got like a three seven share in January and this mums are his region 200 million people around the world
While I'm sitting here puking my guts out. It's the old POP baby puking on a plate
Supreme court spokeswoman Kathy Arbor said Alito's not was in response to a letter dobson sent him congratulating him on his confirmation
She said his pledge to keep in mind the trust that has been placed in me was a line. He included many replies
He wrote to congratulate our congratulatory letters
David Yaloff a political science professor of the University of Connecticut and the author of a book on supreme court vacancy said
Alito's letter didn't appear to violate ethical standards
I think it's a very carefully worded letter
And I don't think any of the cross to the line. He says as long as Alito didn't say there's any obligation or a debt owed
I don't think it's a violation of judicial canon
America's United for separation of church and state code letter grossly inappropriate
This note strongly suggests that Alito is carrying out a right wing agenda instead of being a justice for all said the Reverend Barry W. Lin
Executive director of the group which describes itself as a watchdog and it is on church states separation and religious freedom
Oh, what's that
Thompson you know, so getting worse and worse. We've got all Catholic cities free up in Naples
We've got this mom's her dobson who's I help and put these right weird as on a supreme court
We've got this guy these people want to make South Carolina and all Christian fundamentalist Bible thumping
Or raghead farbic in the state and it just goes on and we're talking about Islamic fundamentalist
What are we to be talking man?
Religious fanatics baby that's us
That is us religious fanatics are us that be a good bumper sticker
For the American flag on air religious fanatics are us
Got it. I got it. They get it. No. Well don't throw a sissy fit
567056 can give those numbers out by hand, but I absolutely will not take any calls because I got a couple of things
They're late on this what late no I'm not gonna late on you got to do the break now man
I'm gonna leave him in a park on you right now
Now I'm not gonna read that thing again about oh I see this is a new spot. Thank God. Where did this come from?
Oh, you're talking about oh, this is an old spot
No, that's not it. Where's the right copy for pomp in a park the only spot I got is the one for my anniversary show
Nice going there Steve. Well, thanks for the memories, but worse than a real real copy that choice to add for you
Can't complain about the job he's doing because you want to know why
Why he ain't doing one here's the copy now? I'm not gonna read that whole thing. That was for Wednesday
Okay, and once is enough of you know
Shimmering myself would grease and all of this stuff
I'm really awful in my mouth like Joyce
Anyway, it is true though pompino park is my longest standing sponsor to get on with me since year one
Thank you Alan thickleson rest in peace my good friend for those big cigars. I think those big stokies killed Alan, you know
It cancer
I do have a good stokie, but I am not make you imagine spoken one of those after you lit your tongue like
Oh
Anyway, pompino park racing and poker's got all the plunging action for everyone of course those slots are coming soon within a matter of months
Just a half mile from both i95 and the turnpike pompino park is easy to get to and best of all pompino park features free admission and free general parking
Everyday and if you love the drivers man, you've never seen anybody drive like Miriam toland
Live hardest racing in the smoke free poker room was open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
poker gets underway at noon. It's going on right now as a matter of fact was until midnight and live racing gets underway
Nightly at 7.25 in the pm every Monday night is Monday madness on the top of the park 6.4 restaurant excellent food
Two for $25 to do the specials and don't forget the french onion soup up there is the best in the world
And don't miss out every Wednesday is dollar night at pompino park
Black beer soda hot dogs and lots more just a bucket piece starting at 6 p.m
So this weekend take the got some of your spuck out there and punch your guts out have a great time at pompino park of lost
Authentic Boulevard on power line road for the current racing schedule called 954 972
2000 or go on the web at pompino park dot com pompino park look out for Mickey McNickle
This is new Roger
All these things is 5.62
You
Beets
That waste
I've got my own son.
The best years of what remains of my life I came for his place.
Just for all time like we don't go in hell on the views of the bliss we've hurt him,
and soon...
I've had enough for you to guide me.
Not you, too, as though you're white, aye, aye, aye.
You've passed the story of death and death.
I've got a stay home far away from here.
I've been in this time of mine.
I'll hand my cheeks back in gold and card and I throw my cards.
I go to my orifice and bleed out my desk.
That is why I only had an orifice for a desk.
I'll slap up to both Godhood of art and sit watch the heavens.
From a bed, yes, from the moon.
I wander in this way, this from a mirror, helpless white evening,
when he got kind and down for a day we needed.
I've been in this place for a whole week, and it's a waste of less than me.
I've been in this place for a whole week, and it's a waste of less than me.
I'm going to turn my eye when I hear that when you know.
I'm going to choose to have one.
133.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
3.
1.
22.
22.
We've got a half hour to get to 1000.
If you want to swing by by hello and fish mocks there, you may see it is an afterthought.
I knew I was going to be the mad dog, but Miguel said, that I'm going to give you CD also.
So rather than just came together.
Oh, just leave it alone.
If Joyce could get a hold of you right now, she'd twist your head right off, who would
spin right off and roll down and say, yeah, I'll fight her.
Mad Dog at Bologna Beach, Max 4 to 630, and Josh Cornice will be there with a bunch
of RCDs and stuff, and maybe a few T-shirts too.
Yeah, I'll have some crap.
You'll have some crap.
Well, that's not unusual.
720, so what does that give us now?
87, 94, 20.
Oh, we'll get to 10 grand by the end of the day between these three deals now.
But I'd sure like to get to that thousand by the top of the hour.
The van is the QM van.
Look for it.
Okay, Miguel is in it.
Make it.
It's at the Shell Gas Station on Sheridan Street just west of I, 95.
And by the way, he has certain aspects.
I don't be worried about it.
720.
That's not too bad.
We're starting to, if we could do a grand piece or close to it on each one of the rails,
we're going to race some serious cash this year.
For a band of test rescue.
For them little puppies, man.
And the cash.
Oh, gee.
Oh, guess who got arrested for child abuse?
Let me give you a clue.
Gary Glitter.
Oh, good guess.
How do you guess that?
All right.
Bam.
Oh, this is the most...
This is even more sour than the beginning of that fifth-everyplace, Sodomino.
Oh, yeah.
And Rosie and the ridgels and Angel Baby.
Bam.
Oh, it is so sour.
This is the most of the best first notes of the day.
Anybody who's ever been to a sport event.
Oh.
Oh.
That is sickling, man.
What is that?
Angel Baby.
Oh.
Oh, it feels like a right boy, I forgot.
Oh.
People looking for it, you'll find it.
In fact, I think listen carefully and you see if they ever hit the right note.
Just by accident.
1960 is that correct?
I would say, 60, 60, one, they're rushing.
I'm going to say 60.
I'm going to say 60.
61.
No, I have my thumb on it or what?
You know what else was from that singer?
A toss and then turn it in by Bobby Lewis.
Wasn't.
You don't like that song?
I like it a lot.
I'm just trying to play it.
Literally out for a child of youth.
Don't be trying to cover up for all that glittering gold, man.
Don't throw a sissy fit.
Baby.
You know, that's interesting because that's the extended version of that song.
There are two different versions.
There's one that starts out.
I didn't sleep at all.
You know, like, that's right.
And then there's this one.
We'll let it go.
And then it comes in.
You're coming.
I couldn't sleep at all.
You're right.
I heard it with a little cray-lewdness.
That's exciting, man.
That's almost like those old showrooms that I got on the floor.
This has got the voices of the people in there, all the dead people.
Okay, that's enough.
Former rocker Gary Glitter has been found guilty of obscene acts with two yet in the middle.
He's girls and sentenced to three years in prison.
I thought he was just doing research.
That's right.
Glitter best known for the anthemic rock and roll part two.
I thought I should say anemic instead of anthemic.
I never heard that word before in my life.
In other words, I don't know.
Anthem, but anthemic?
What is that?
Play that sports arena's worldwide and way, way too much.
Shout it out.
I'm innocent after the verdict.
It's got a picture here being dragged into court in Vung Tau Vietnam.
Oh, they're going to have a good time with him.
Reporters and honor lookers allowed into the courthouse in southern Vah Ria Vong province,
gave the verdict filed the close to the trial, pressed for a glitter when I've seen the pandemonium.
As fully spending them off and escorted him out of the building.
That's right.
Gary has just left the building.
I haven't done anything on medicine.
It's a conspiracy glitter shouted.
And then it says, watch for how much glitter paid the two little girls families.
And then it's got a clip on here.
You can get on this is on CNN.com.
It's got a clip on it.
You can get a link.
Glitter has 15 days to appeal.
Could become eligible for early parole if he behaves well in prison official said.
Glitter 61 was real name is Paul Francis.
Gad.
E. Gad.
Was convicted.
That's what I always say when I hear that at the Macaroon.
They start playing that.
Oh, E. Gad.
Was convicted of committing a scene acts with a 10-year-old and 11-year-old girl at his rented seaside villa in southern Vong Tau last year.
He likes them young.
Maybe he's just having some egg food, young.
Oh, I can't do that.
Don't you like egg food?
I do, actually.
Man.
With shrooms.
Shrooms and shrooms.
I'll take it.
That's what we need to know.
He was sentenced to three years in prison followed by deportation from Vietnam.
The court in its verdict cited graphic testimony from the girls that glitter had fondled and molested them and took showers with them naked in his rented home and nearby hotels.
Well, the Josh do that all the time.
With their teammates, right?
Yeah, they can't show it.
With them naked.
Glitter said he was teaching the girls English at his home and considered him like his grandchildren.
Well, there you go.
Don't you always take showers naked with your grandchildren if you had any of them here, but you will someday.
Very sit up, sure.
He's been in police custody since November 19 when he was seized in home team and city, trying to board a flood out of the country.
Police confiscated his laptop, which had hundreds of photographic pictures on it.
During the criminal investigation, police considered charging Glitterwood's child rape, which carries a maximum penalty of death, but said they didn't find enough evidence.
But they don't walk you around over there.
No, they don't. They like the child.
Just like in the Middle East.
And when they slice off your hand, they slice off your hand, they slice off your...
That's it.
The girls families were off to the court in December asking that charges be dropped after Glitterpaid to Grand Aecent and they tried to buy them off on, of course, at no way Jose.
In fact, the next time somebody plays that song, they're going to get it to you.
Although prosecuted has decided to move forward with a case anyone, under Vietnam's legal system, the payments are considered compensation that counts toward lessening any sentence.
In other words, as opposed to like a briber blackmail, it's like he's compensating the victims.
Okay.
The sleepy resort town of Vang Tau about 80 miles southeast of Ho Chi Minh City is drawn intensively for international media.
Glitter's fall from grace began in 1990, now with a conviction in Britain for possessing Kitty porn.
He served two months in jail.
Then he later went to Cambodia. He was expelled in 2002.
Officials there never told they were mum. They didn't say why. They were thrown a assist he took, but didn't say why.
157 votes on a poll. We're going to get our $1,000 for a band of pay rescue by one o'clock.
At least on the day, you know, get us up to close to 10 grand. Are we going to do it?
We can do it. We had 720. We need just 280 bucks. That's 14 fine South Floridian's man.
We can find them in the next 20 minutes.
40 new people for 20 bucks a piece for CDs.
I would be surprised. We'll need seven people with 40 bucks a piece, right?
That's right.
Or if we have people with 80 bucks a piece.
This is Neil Rogers.
All right. This is 5.16.
She's a...
It's a lie. I am not a Nazi.
There are right wing knots.
We're both again, mother of...
Saint DiVonius, Boni Suwinter, and there are all mothers.
I bet you're going to save that when it runs at your bag if they paint your board that train.
Right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
Well, it just ain't enough.
Just have luck.
Feeling the airways with hatred.
The radio is permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Bill, Andrew and Michael Reagan.
They call the clear channel, fussed it clearly out.
Make the message clear.
Are you sure?
The right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
They're all right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
...F***ers.
For all the table talking, any to go to get any dumber.
That or that or two, whatever they are told to believe and worship your just their kin.
Right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
...F***ers.
Well, the Democrats, the Democrats, their paints like a child that is scary-moving.
At Terry M. Follah, who should go home and shut up, because he don't have a clue it is doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
And you can cover them done.
If they run jolly, they're mine.
Right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
...F***ers.
They're all right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
...F***ers.
Who get indignant, but he's a feminist candidate, you see, Homer.
Just remember what I said when it comes to your back, they make you or that train.
Right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
...F***ers.
They're all right wing Nazi, Republican, Mother of...
...F***ers.
...for all the table talking.
145 a.k.a. that...
...Hummer is raven on the highway.
Right.
Vanished off in a thin air somewhere.
Stanley Crouch writes, how dare they try to copyright the N word?
This is about your buddy Damon Wands?
That's right.
You attend the weigh-in by the way?
I did just know.
196 for Damon.
One of the most we possibly...
...this isn't the New York Daily News.
One of the most we possibly fascinating facts about contemporary black popular culture is how it continues to work.
It's to reach fresh lows.
It finds new ways of leaping all fences that would barge from falling into a bottomless pit of tastelessness.
All of the insults and burdens of menstrualcy have invested by black comedians and rappers who made stupidity,
...heatenism, pimping, misogyny, pornography, and violence their stock and trade.
Well, by the way, how much we got?
Eight-photies.
Hey, what are you gonna do it man?
That means we only need eight more deals now.
Let's make a deal where's money hall when we need them?
You can't do it!
840.
We'll get to that thousand if it's a lot of time to stay under like midnight.
Eight more people with 20 bucks by the Arithea Shulgastate Insurance Registrationists' White Subitone 95.
Stanley Krabs continues,
One defense of this amoral sense of life and culture is that black people don't invent any of it,
...so why shouldn't they, like white people, be able to make big money from it?
As one in the Select Black Man and television said to me,
I ain't hating on these brothers.
All they're doing is dealing with the market the same way that the white people do.
This is capitalism that are responding to a market.
You know the old saying, whatever the market will bear.
Now we find that comedian Damon Wain has spent the past 14 months trying to copy right the inward
with IGGAS instead of IGGERS.
He wants to put it on appeal and whatnot, unapparital and whatnot.
I say appeal, unapparital and whatnot.
So far he's not been successful.
One can imagine young American kids wearing that word emblazoned on clothing and listening to rap songs,
in which the inward frequently appears in conjunction with bitches and whos among other denigrations.
Of course, there is a defense.
Maybe they're talking about what they say bitches about Joyce.
Her name is Fitch.
Of course, there is a defense.
One Hollywood Negro said that Damon is no fool.
He might be pulling a bare rabbit move that would mean that he would take control of the word make everyone pay to use it.
I responded, rappers and others would merely put the cross into budget to Hollywood guy greed.
However this comes out, it's further proof of how remarkably decadent our moment is.
On the one hand, opportunistic numbscalls use the rhetoric of free speech and liberal arts
to justify the thick presence of misogyny and insult in their material,
meaning that constantly referring to women as bitches and hos is an expression of their artistry and freedom of speech,
so as the constant screaming of the inward.
Now we have a comedian attempting copyright the inward so that everyone who uses it will have to pay him for the right.
I guess that takes place right next to John Singleton,
spikely and will smit, supporting the the humanizing hustle and flow.
In the world of entertainment to siren-cull of the commercial, however hollow and denigrating,
seems impossible for many to resist, a fact that transcends all ethnic sexual and religious disinkings.
When Essence magazine began to campaign against the prevalence of misogyny and insult in rap material,
literally hundreds and thousands of voice there are approval.
This proved that this product is disgusting the millions of black women and their supporters,
unfortunately the most important movement in popular culture since the emergence of the rap itself floundered.
Essence left the campaign fizzle after editor Diane Weathers,
who shaped the magazine's response to popular mock, left the magazine.
If Damon Wayans wins his quest for ownership of the inward,
one wonders to whom if any, he'll have to answer.
It's kind of like that the March Madness thing.
Right.
And what's the one that Pat Raleigh's got three peep?
No.
This idea that you can copyright words or expressions.
It's just a ludicrous man.
Oh, I'm sorry, ludicrous.
See that movie.
Oh, I figured that crash better when some Academy Awards on.
I hope so.
Over a broke ass mountain.
Oh, I throw it broke ass mountain wins.
I'm going to like I'm going to throw a Sissy fit,
which would be right and perfect for that.
That is such a piece of garbage man.
See crash believe me if you see one movie next to a couple of that's right.
Crash is great.
And even Ryan Philippe whom you're not that crazy about don't know.
I like him a lot now.
I thought he had a speech effect.
He doesn't have a speech effect.
He just didn't do any movies with James Khan.
You know, I say he talked funny.
I don't blame him.
After critical article, this is from Ross story where it's as fast becoming one of my very favorite websites.
After critical article, conservative nonprofit accuses Ross story of violating copyright.
The National Center for Public Research Policy, the conservative nonprofit,
where fall and lobbyist, that cable wife served as director, has instructed Ross story to remove a fundraising letter
of the group sent in 2004.
Nolan McKenzie Center, canter, the third allure for the group says the publication of the center's fundraising letter violates their copyright.
To many outside Washington, the center is known for being the group that they brought off used to cover posh junkets for former house majority leader Tom Delay.
Ross story, a public letter in January of 2005, the story of the company detailed the effort by conservative nonprofits
to raise money from senior citizens by disguising a solicitation for a political donation under the guise of a task force to save social security.
Centimists, the climate of growing concern about the social security program, the group's letters targeted in seniors of both parties,
aiming to convince them that their social security benefits were in jeopardy and hopes of inducing them to donate money.
The meetings also encourage seniors to keep the misused secret from others, perhaps even from family members.
Inside your sealed envelope is information regarding the potential collapse of the social security system,
and how it can enganger you and the entire U.S. senior citizens population,
NCPPR President Amy Rittner writes on behalf of the National Social Security Task Force.
The task force appears a little more than a paper dragon, when asked about why it wasn't mentioned on the center's website,
NCPPR Executive Director David Almsali told Ross story last year,
we don't currently have internet access in our office.
Oh yeah, and it goes on.
And on, and on.
NSA sued for surveillance of attorneys, Zined America, baby, the fastest U.S.A.
Civil rights leaders have sued the National Security Agency, claiming that it legally or wire-tab conversations between the leaders of an Islam maturity and two of its attorneys.
The lawsuit filed this week in U.S. District Court in Portland, Oregon,
asked that electronic surveillance by the NSA be shut down, arguing that the agency legally wire-tabed electronic communications between local chapter of the Alharmani and Mayan Islamic Foundation,
and the Wendell-Baloo and Osteem Gafur who are lawyers in Washington, D.C.
The Foundation have been accused of aiding Muslim militants.
These complaints as NSA did not follow procedures required by the foreign intelligence surveillance act or Pfizer,
and failed to obtain a court order authorizing electronic surveillance of the Churrians and Citerneys.
They fed ink.
Exactly the director of the ACLU, Chapter Nurghant said that the complaint to similar lawsuits at the ACLU as filed,
the law could not be clear on this issue, we said.
Not only is the NSA's spying program unauthorized by a federal law, but we suspect that conversations of thousands of Americans have been subjected to illegal surveillance by the NSA.
How do you like that?
I don't.
They're listening just like somebody else we know and love.
They're listening when you least expect it.
Okay, after the break when we come back, we got like close to 900 something.
We got 900.
We got 900.
Oh, we got eight minutes to get another hundred bucks.
Oh my God, somebody come on and throw a hundred dollar bill at Miguel O'Keele.
Take all those clothes off.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-X.
Bill, this is Randy West.
Now if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls.
Who sounds like a moron?
So this is her?
Every time he's been here, it's the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take his city and cover it in the streets.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again because he wants to make a new or a least tasteless person.
And I don't care what people are saying.
Just like Jesse Jackson.
We as black people.
His comments are the dogs.
Surely God is mad.
He compares the locals to low-wieldy, long-to-bond.
Shocked Renate again.
Yes, Renate again.
Renate again because he wants to make a new or a least tasteless person.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a new world as the one that should be uptown or wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate new horse.
He never takes the blame.
Or anything says chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate and some coffee and a new or one bothers.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again because he wants to make a new or a least tasteless person.
You can't have Neuron as no other way.
No.
It wasn't made to war.
That's for danger.
It wouldn't be a real treat.
Anyways, 157 Curtis Stevenson is sitting by.
He must be on pins and needles getting ready for his big two hours.
Mad Dog at Bonefish Max.
Where is that, by the way, Josh?
Where is Bonefish Max?
I wish I could tell you.
I'll be finding out after the show.
He's going to Google map it.
Listen to Curtis.
He'll tell you.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
Curtis would love to tell you where to go.
We got 1020 total though.
We got how much?
1020.
All right.
How do you like that?
You are so negative to our man.
You see you're in the learning process on this show.
Don't throw a sissy fit.
But I told you we could do it, didn't I?
Yes, you did.
You just don't have confidence in this old queen.
I'm sorry right now.
Even when we were only there, like, what, we're 140, was there a creep in a quon?
It takes people time.
They're not like the whole audience, all 50 of them are within like a 10 block radius of that gas station.
Okay?
In fact, most of the people not get afforded gas anyway.
Thank you, by the way, Mr. President, for those old gas prices.
We've been very remiss.
We haven't been saying that ever yet.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Which is gracias.
What do you believe about 9-11, speaking of your dangerous dumbled president?
A dangerous dumb, devious, dishonest.
What do you believe about 9-11?
The Bushies a lot of that.
We have 1193 votes.
We're going to have 1,200 by the time we get out of here.
This has been quite a banner day in spite of certain people throwing sissy fits.
You know what I'm going to do after I do the after two o'clock?
I give up.
I'm going to do a big ace, doucin' trace.
And I'm going to write my ass with that email.
Okay.
What do you believe about 9-11?
Bushies a lot that happened, 476.
We'll never know 291.
We'll never know.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
It was only al-Qaeda, 248.
Even though if you watched that loose scene thing, you'll notice that it appears that several of those people, those picture of those 19 are still alive.
We hit them with all those planes and they still alive.
The Neocrons were behind it 110.
Or by the way, the cruise missile that shot down that other plane, I'm sorry.
Sodom was seen was involved 27.
I hate this full 21 and the CIA did 20.
You know that Paul Wellstone plane crash was your so convenient to the Republicans in Minnesota.
And I don't want to be in the Mervaldi's conspiratorialist and the Alex Jones crowd.
Prison plan is pretty interesting.
But that time he goes a little bit.
But I'm going to start to think about if they could do other things with cruise missiles.
They could certainly not down any kind of plane, especially small planes, you know.
Because that was your awfully convenient.
I know the weather was bad.
It kind of reminds me of the child pilot thing a little bit.
Except that Paul Wellstone was a great guy.
And the little girl who knows maybe some days she would have grown up to be a senator, president.
I doubt it.
Another president of Ante.
Right?
Let's hope that.
Or an Ingestica.
That sounds right.
I think that was right.
Poor little Jessica.
The three-year-old pilot.
Anyway, don't forget we got the rapid up there.
Thank you for making us over a thousand or today.
Now what do we got all together?
I don't know.
We got 8790, 720.
So by the end of the look, I said ye of little faith.
We'll have over 10 grand.
And that's just a, you know, not cutting what's online.
Right.
So you got two projects of the weekend.
Order your merchandise for Bandit Pair Rescue and check out loose chains, parts 1, 2 and 3.
Bye, bye, bye.
