Several days ago, I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by
some members of Congress about Iraq, and it's important to make this point at the outset.
The President of the United States purposely misled the American people on free war intelligence.
American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most
dangerous and unpredictable conditions.
These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falsit.
Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program.
There is no denying that the President lied to the American people.
This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety.
It's also something I enjoy.
It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business, and I believe the feeling is probably
the same for most of us in public life.
The President and his administration hate our country and hate the liberties for which we stand.
They dwell in the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare, and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality.
The President of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible, and none of us should want it any other way.
Absolutely very much.
Thank you all for coming.
Well, it's a breath of stress here.
It's a little bit of stress you know that you're from Dick.
Anyway, somebody faxes this and who keeps sending me this Wayne Madsen report?
But don't stop.
Yeah.
Like Google the Wayne Madsen.
He's an investigative uernless based in Washington DC.
I say.
He says informed sources in Tallahassee of toward WMR, Wayne Madsen report, the fat ass governor Jeb Bush was fully aware of ex-representative Mark Follies conduct with underage mail pages,
but said on the information to protect fully and on other top ZOP-floor official, attorney general Charlie Chris Gay,
who was currently running for governor to replace Bush.
Today Bush said this meaning yesterday, he hadn't previously known about Follies' behavior with the pages before being informed by House Speaker fat assed any hasty and later dated October 1st.
Bush said he was dismayed and shocked to learn about Congressman Follies' unacceptable behavior.
Oh my God.
However, says the Wayne Madsen, according to our Florida sources, the FBI and Justice Department informed the Florida Governor's office, attorney general Chris and the Florida AG Child Protection Cybercrime Unit,
at least a year ago, about Follies' predatory emails and internet messages.
WMR always told that Chris conflict of interest in the case stems from Chris and Follies involvement in Gays' ex party, some of which suffice during 2003 in friendly coconut grove.
No.
I don't believe that for a second.
Do I?
No.
Nobody wants to listen to me.
I've tried telling him for a long time about, of course I didn't know about the emails, but then again Mrs. Dredge says, the Eggman says that it's the kids fall.
Ah, Cuckoo Cuckoo, Cuckoo Cuckoo, it's the Eggman. Where they got his push.
God, you are such a silly queen, Matt. But anyway, I'll be right along.
Here's something, let's get that bad news from a racquet out of the way.
And you notice how all this stuff has gotten a rac off the news and off the air, everything.
What a racquet.
Chris, we had that shooting that Amherst deal.
And then of course we got Mark Follie with all kinds of salacious emails and instant messages.
A suicide bomber unleashed a blast in Baghdad fish market today and two or yesterday and two Shi'i families were found slaying north of the capital as violence across a rac claim at least 52.
So mark that down for yesterday, 52.
Not bad.
The US military meanwhile announced the deaths of nine more soldiers and two Marines and what's been a deadly period for American forces in Iraq.
The announcement brought to at least 15 the number of service members code and fighting since Saturday.
And this was yesterday.
Four of the soldiers were killed in Baghdad on Monday in Sippet small, atmosphere attacks.
And other four killed the same day in a roadside bomb attack and their patrol northwest of Baghdad.
The ninth-dice Sunday when his vehicle struck by a roadside bomb went to the capital.
Other than that, everything is just hunky-dory.
Oh, where fly?
Bombsheeper would say.
By the way, I've never turned that bitch back on again.
Which one?
On CBS news.
Oh, that bitch.
Never turned that account.
You're not missing anything.
Have no interest.
I've seen it like one since then.
Here's our poll result from yesterday.
Which best describes Miss Mark Foley?
Petophile 526.
Now, let's see.
Was it the booze or was it the fact that he was molested by a priest as a child?
A whole population.
It'll be the excuse to endure this afternoon.
There are obviously these two aren't flying. Nobody's buying these two.
There'll have to be something else.
I guess the devil made him do it.
That's it.
Hipperkrit 486.
Pervert 203.
Great Republican 182.
Crazy Fag 147.
Stupid 111.
Who's Mark Foley 81?
4.3% of our audience doesn't have a TV set.
Old troll 52.
A myriad old troll?
He said, don't call me myriad.
2022.
I hate this poll only 16.
Oh!
That's like the number they have at night across the street.
Desperate 16 and Carolus 13 out of 1855.
Democrats lead in races for 1115 crucial Republican L.D.
West seats in the House a month before the elections of November 7th.
Let's see yesterday was Tuesday the 3rd.
So it's like five weeks from yesterday is election day.
Putting the Democrats within reach of season control in the September according to Reuters Army polls released today.
Republican incumbents are spread in particularly high rift the polls found with seven of nine treading their Democratic
Challenges in the high stakes battle for control of the U.S. Congress.
But this judge the AgManno come up with something you'll see.
Will either be about Catherine Harris and there'll be something come up.
Now this is a classic example of your hard your hard tax dollars hard to work or somebody was hard.
Former Congressman Mark Foley interrupted a vote on the floor of the House in 2003 to engage in Internet sex with a high school student who had served as a congressional page according to new Internet
Instant messages provided with ABC News by former pages ABC News is now obtained 52 separate instant message exchanges which former pages say were sent by Foley using the screen name M.A.F.
54 to two different boys under the age of 18.
This message was dated April 2003 at approximately 7 p.m. according to the message time stamp.
Now I'm not going to read this on here again like yesterday and you're going to owe me an all kinds of money.
Foley I miss you teen yummy to Foley we're still holding you miss me to the exchange continues in which Foley and the teenage are both of your describe having sexual orgasms Foley okay better go vote you know this you would have this effect on me teen laugh out loud I guess teen you go vote I don't want to keep you from doing your job our job Foley can I have a kiss good night teen how do you spell well you have to see it just like it's felt oh the House Voter that evening
on HR 59 emergency wartime supplemental appropriations this is for the war in Iraq but Christmas Foley hit interrupt that vote on the floor of the House to go take care of business another according another message Foley also invites the teen and a friend to come to his house near Capitol Hill so they can drink booze well he didn't have a drinking problem maybe just he just didn't have enough drinking buddies but buddies teen are you going to be in town over the veterans day weekend Foley I may not I may be now that you're coming who you coming to visit teen ha ha good stuff no one really
Foley will be adjourned by them teen oh good Foley by then we can have a few drinks Foley laugh out loud teen yes yes Foley you're not old enough to drink teen
shh Foley okay teen that's not what my ID says teen laugh out loud Foley okay teen I probably shouldn't be telling you that huh Foley we may need to drink at my house so we don't get busted
as if he didn't know that he was underage to begin with right so what's worse the fact that he wants to do a little
number on this kid or the fact he wants to booze him up a little bit well you want to booze him up first a little bit
and see what develops oh suicide truck bomber attacks Iraqi army headquarters in Ramadi just in
certainly not news network oh boy Carol and the city pressed speaking of all this hanky spanky going on a
secret document which sets out a procedure for dealing with child sex abuse scandals with the
Catholic Church is examined by BBC's panorama crimson solace Tatiana was in force for 20 years by
Cardinal Joseph Rassinger before he became the Nazi Pope crimson solace Tatiana it instructs
bishops and how to deal with allegations of child abuse against priests and has been seen by few
outsiders critics say the documents been used to evade prosecution for sex crimes crimson and
of course your buddy bill William Donahue was on one of the talk and his teeth were just I
thought his teeth were going to pop out of his mouth he was just kicking and spitting blood
was written in 1962 in Latin and given the Catholic bishops worldwide who are ordered to keep
it locked away in the church safe it instructs them how to deal with priests who solicit sex from
the confessional it also deals with any obscene external act with youths of either sex it imposes
an oath of secrecy on the child victim the priest dealing with the allegation and the witnesses
breaking that oath means excommunication from the Catholic Church reporting for panorama
colm olgorman fine seven priests which had abuse allegations made against them living in an
around Vatican city one of the priest father Joseph Han has been indicted on 13 molestation
charges brought by a grandeur in the USA during filming for sex crimes in the Vatican
colm finds father helmets fighting extra distance in order from inside the headquarters of
this religious order in the Vatican the Vatican has not compelled him to return to a
market of face the charges against him maybe the spirit of christ will compel him to do it
come on to do what return to the west to face the music of it after filming father helmet lost
his fight against extravision but fled the headquarters and is believed to be hiding in Italy
while there's an international warrant for his arrest colm olgorman was raped by a Catholic priest
in the diocese of ferns in county westward irland when he was 14 years old sounds like miss folly
father fortune was charged with 66 counts of sexual indecency in the salt and another serious
sexual offense relating to eight boys but he committed suicide on the eve of his trial
colm started an investigation with a bbc in march 2002 which led to the resignation of dr
brendan kamisky the bishop leading the ferns diocese i think they once named the stadium after that
priest dr. kamisky colm then points for a government inquiry into which led to the ferns report it was
published october 2005 and found a culture of secrecy and fear of scandal that led bishops to
place the interest of the catholic church ahead of the safety of children the catholic church has
50 million children in its worldwide congregation and no universal child protection policy
although in the uk there's the catholic office for the protective children vulnerable adults
in some countries this means that the crime in solicitacionis is the only policy followed
the fatacan is accused repeated requests from panorameter respond to any of the cases shown in the film
oh and we missed it it was shown october first su day october one on bbc one while we
damn it'll be back keep her keep an eye peeled for it so between the catholic church and now
course of this holy says he was molested by a minister well course it has to be a precinct
fully sounds awfully Irish Catholic to me i like that's right so that must be the excuse that must
be why he's got the hot for 16 year old page here to give you a pass doesn't right oh there's you
John will will follow your attorney provided more information be more background on the allegation
of molestation and and i guess the final answer that is is he blaming the molestation for his
behavior with the pages what do you think what do you think it's not answer that first no he's not
blaming that no for his behavior with the putting the answer i just tell you coincident that you
know here at first blush the day after these announcements that a lot of the reaction that's coming
out is it's just not fair it should not been handled this way that if they were going to say that
he was molested by a clergyman that in all fairness the name should have been been revealed
and that was not revealed and mr. Roth said that he had hoped that mark fully would in 30 days or so
himself addressed that right here again address that issue and shed more light on it but there were no
the the drinking thing that didn't that didn't work and now the uh
molestation by the priest i don't think that's working too well so what do you think it's
going to be today possessed by the devil the devil made him do it that always works
for 4th radio 560 issue a m
want a lollipop little boy
to fairly
yeah
yeah
all the time now invisible
raise our hands
for having to much fun
with Tube mejorar
émon
Here's a jellyfish that can't be far behind now.
These are the birds of all the frowning,
The frowning, the frowning, the frowning,
The frowning, the frowning, the frowning,
The frowning, the frowning, the frowning,
The frowning, the frowning, the frowning,
The frowning, the frowning, Oh human humor purred up the Court,
It's a loaded fire as oil.
It's a loaded honey
The only thing worse than having an egg on your face
to be having 2 of my guess or better.
10, 19, and 5, 60, WQM. Let's take a look at that schedule today. We got no games of any time.
Not exciting.
Marlins are done. Who won the, I guess the Yankees were ahead 7-3 when I turned that off last night. Who won that game?
Yankees won it.
It was discussed at 8-4.
Oh, no.
Anybody mad dog at 2? The power hour with Hank and the mad dog together 4-5. The Humper, Hank Goldberg 5-7.
The Beast and Jesse.
Oh my god.
Between 7-10.
Eddie K. It's at 10 o'clock.
How about the Panthers preseason show go with Geldelaston? Anybody hear that? I'm sorry.
Here's today's poll and thanks to the list who sent this in. Somebody fax this in.
If you could keep your federal tax dollars from being spent on any one item what would it be? We got 1135 vote.
The war in Iraq, that was my vote, 430.
But 30, man.
Tax exemptions for religious organizations. I was tempted to vote for that. That was vote for them all.
That was my vote.
I'm sure it was. He then bastard.
That's right.
Well, subsidies for energy companies, 147. Matching funds for political campaigns, 79.
4 and 8, 71.
Due to the UN, 34, public service announcements like just say no or abstinence is best or keep it in your pants, 21.
The space program, 21. And national missile defense, Solomon Tevante, only one out of 1100 plus points.
So thanks whoever sent that in. You can let Eric know that the poll for tomorrow is, uh, it's, you know, there.
Okay.
I'm going to change it now. I'm just saying it's there because I'm sure you'll take care of that later on.
Sure. If I don't make a real, uh, early return with the wads of money from would buy whatever you want.
Unlikely.
A CNN poll released yesterday puts tangible proof to something that most of us already knew that the majority of the American people are clued in enough to understand that George W. Bush has deliberately misled the nation about how things are going in Iraq.
Oh, it's going slow.
They were fine.
A September 29th to October 2nd poll commissioned by CNN showed that 58% of Americans said the administration has misled the public about progress in the war in Iraq.
And they haven't even read the Bob Woodward book yet. Neither of I haven't got it yet.
You're supposed to remind me to go get it.
Oh, I forgot.
Can't go get it today unless I leave now because I got to leave it to a clock for you to know where.
The poll also showed that despite ongoing chest thumping by team Bush and their ridiculous assertions that they've made Americans safer.
Most Americans 57% also believe the words made the US less say from terrorism.
What all tell me the public is getting like smart like Fredo.
The poll comes on the heels of the release of Bob Woodward's new book stated in a line which would it a dollar may forget to or get that.
All right.
In which Woodward gives evidence that Bush ignored warnings from military officials about the strength of the Iraqi insurgency and the danger posed to US troops and continues to lie about how well things are going there despite contrary news and opinion from our would this own administration.
Now it's really interesting that the media is in a foaming feeding frenzy about the foley thing and they should be and did any hamster covered up in today as a republicans lie and yadi yadi yadi and chimkissed this and rentals did that.
But in the meantime we got this war going on based on lies in which thousands of people are dead and they're like, you know, who cares, right?
Right.
What's that got to do with sex and body parts?
A lot of body parts all over the country there.
Other poll findings include the following opposition to war in Iraq remains high with 61% of the public state they are posing the war.
Another recent poll done by CNN that showed that 65% of respondents think Iraq is currently engaged in a civil war.
Abe Lincoln would be embarrassed he'd have egg on his face.
A lot of egg going around here.
That can't stay there.
I do like Alex though.
Yeah.
I saw him.
66% say that it is to prove the way Bush is handling the situation in Iraq.
Of likely voters, 53% say they'll vote for a Democrat congressional candidate next month.
42% said they'll vote for a Republican.
According to this article, it says the most amazing results of those showing Bush's job approval ratings is highest.
39% Bob Gagriss says I'm still investigating reports that the same genius level 39% believe that Jessica Simpson should replace Don Rumsfeld as Secretary of Defense.
You got to say it right.
I agree with that.
Could she do a worse job?
No.
At least she put a nice face to it.
Thank you.
All of this coupled with recent polling showing that the vast majority of Iraqis want America to leave in their country and the Saudi results showing six to 10 Iraqis favor killing American troops,
the best we can get out of the White House and Republican Congress has stayed a course.
That's what it says.
Bob Gagriss says I'm smirkling chimped.
39% approval rating should be like maybe at top it ought to be like.
Yeah, I understand.
Like Robert Gieber, people like that.
Well, hopeless.
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
That kind of crowd.
Sure.
Your buddy Doug Thompson has an article here, calm.
He says it's just a little fashioned karma coming around a Capitol Hill blue.
It's got a fairly graphic picture here of two guys with what?
Naked guys in their underwear.
I see.
From the shoulder down.
Obviously in a turd-ed state.
I see.
At any rate, Doug Thompson says it's fitting truly fitting that the political fortunes of a homophobic party may rest on the actions of a gay sexual predator in that party's midst.
Colleagues and good old fashioned karma coming around when it comes to homosexuality.
The hypocrisy of the GOP has been waiting in the closet just waiting to come out and bring the party down.
From President George W. Bush's call for a constitutional amendment ban in gay marriage to the rabid religious rights claim that homosexuality is a sin requiring eternal damnation.
Republicans have always preached intolerance toward gay as well, looking the other way when it came to one in their midst.
For Republicans, the policies have been more than don't ask don't tell as more like if asked don't admit.
When I moved to Washington in 1981 to work on Capitol Hill for GOP Congressman Paul Finley, a dominant political force in town with the National Conservative Political Action Committee, and a NICPAC, headed by the flamboyant Terry Dolan, a closeted gay man, whose sexual leanings fell under the category of open secret.
Most Republicans, and just about everyone else in Washington knew that Dolan was gay, they just didn't talk about it.
In those days, the media looked the other way when it came to sexual preference.
NICPAC openly advocated the anti-gay agenda of the right wing while Dolan cruised the gay bar as a Pennsylvania Avenue.
Dolan epitomized the conservatism around with Reagan and the GOP's right wing.
Reagan's advanced parties anti-gay agenda by cutting funding for research on AIDS.
Ironically, Dolan would die of that disease.
In 1984, I worked for the National Republican Congressional Committee and found a member of gay men and women working in the party's ranks.
At Bullfhead, there's a popular Capitol Hill bar near the NRCC headquarters, asked one gay NRCC field representative why he worked for a party with the anti-gay agenda.
I have a mortgage to pay, he said.
When Dolan died of AIDS, GOP politicians and operatives expressed public shock and learning of its homosexuality while some right wingers like the Reverend Jerry Falwell call Dolan's death, punishment from God.
Such comments drove Republican gays further underground, but party leaders continued to look the other way when they found a homo in the wood pile as long as that gay man or woman stayed quiet.
A homo in the wood pile.
What better place?
While a number of gay democratic politicians publicly embraced their homosexuality, gay Republicans usually stay silent.
Those who choose to come out of the closet do so at political risk.
Former representative Mark Foley who resigned last week in the ever-rescalating scandal over his inappropriate and unbelievable behavior toward young male congressional pages revealed his homosexuality through his local court.
The lawyer only after leaving Orifice.
Yet his fellow Republicans knew Foley was gay. They just didn't talk about it or acknowledge the fact as long as the Florida Congressman told the line.
Like other Republicans, Foley's hypocrisy knew no bounds. He'd both with a conservative off an anti-gay Republican agenda while covertly living as a closeted homosexual.
He would sponsor legislation to protect children from sexual predators while he himself stalked teenage pages.
When Republican leaders learned about Foley's predatory behavior they did nothing. They looked the other way because their first instinct is to print their own no matter the cost.
Now the hypocrisy is in the open and the cost may be great to the party of the elephant and rightly so.
The homo in the wood pile.
From this picture he's got in here in the story, there's a lot of wood net piles.
The biggest name, the best talent of all is Rio Rogers, 4th radio 560 UAM.
God your breath are beautiful.
New, this season on ABC, from the producer of Dancing with the Stars, some people think it's an ancestral sissist.
And they're right.
It's drinking with the stars.
Audio on DOOM!
Starring Charlie Jean.
This is so surreal. This is like a sober acid trip. Mel Gibson.
Are you crazy? Are you crazy? Are you crazy? Are you crazy? Are you crazy?
And Paris Hilton.
Look how they are drinking with the stars.
Oh my God!
Sponsored by Yegirmай sir.
And by Miss Foley.
Let's go to Mars place and have a few apops when they say.
Aye.
1033, 2074, 11 and 560 WDQAM.
Speaking of him, I've only got about 600 Mark Foley stories here.
You wouldn't want to hear those, would you? Of course they do. It's all I want to hear about.
All they want to know from, they don't want to hear about dead people and I racked.
They don't want to hear about lies and wars and stuff like that.
As the young teen growing up in Lake Worth, former US representative Miss Foley was molested by a clergyman
as Attorney announced yesterday causing adolescent trauma that may have contributed to but does not excuse his sexually explicit Internet exchanges with congressional pages.
The Attorney David Roth also declared, Mark Foley wants to know that he is a gay man.
Oh that's a shock. How many years have I done you that?
About 30, man.
The revelations came as the fallout from the Foley scandal and the salacious instant messages and emails he wrote to boys
continued to darken the political landscape for Republicans just weeks from intermolections.
Oh what a shame.
During a news conference in a rain soaked downtown West Palm Beach public park, Roth asserted that Foley reiterates unequivocally that he's never had sexual contact with any minor.
And he suggests that Mark Foley is a pedophile is false.
Maybe he's just not a successful pedophile.
Point into an Irish Roman Catholic family in Newton, mass, Foley moved to Florida at the age of three and later attended Perocule School at Sacred Heart Church in Lake Worth.
He was an altar boy in red scripture at mass.
Uh huh.
Who could he have been molested by?
Certainly wasn't no rabbi.
Roth refused to identify the religion molesters church or religion.
Like that's a tough one, the religion.
Alexis Walkenstein, a spokesman for the Palm Beach Dice, said,
it will be inappropriate for me to come at this point based on their vague allegations and mirror speculation.
O Sean is sending some new polls.
Thank God for that. Thank you, Sean.
He also has a note on here.
Did I catch the story that they bought?
How the Alcatelians have written a letter to Abu Moussa Balsar Kauai telling to cut the crap with the text inside Jordan.
And other rags which might set what?
Might alienate Muslims.
A few months later, he was known to resubmly knew exactly where he was and blew his crap away.
How do you like that?
When the guy called your shoesthing Alzer Kauai's body should be cracked for a freezer burn,
I just about sped up my morning espresso.
O Sean has espresso in the morning.
He must be one of those suits that hangs out at Starbucks.
Says, I have a feeling he was embarrassing Alcatel with a video of him fumbling with an assault rifle,
plus judging by his waistline looks like he was more interested in acquiring fudge cake than yellow cake.
Is that incredible or what?
Incredible.
Now who now is Gary Newman?
Cars.
Oh, Gary Newman of the Cars.
Have you ever seen the cars of the song Cars that was his big hit?
Cars.
Gary Newman?
I heard Al Prady think he's kind of it.
I don't know who Gary is.
He doesn't sound you know it well.
What is it?
You're tired of it.
We all are.
No.
Good song.
The first 5,000 times.
Okay.
I think I'm going to...
Oh, she's holding it.
I can't out of that.
That's enough.
I don't ever want to hear that again.
Please.
I didn't know who Gary Newman is.
That's a little of Congress.
Yeah, it is.
Much better songs, but you'll never hear those.
Oh, there's Miss Foley.
I'm that there were these red flags.
Red flags.
Let's see.
Congressman Foley.
Oh, let's see.
I already read you this.
Did I?
I had several sex in the house.
I was prepared for the one funny thing.
Yes.
I just got through reading that.
I was almost ready to read it again.
Can I have a little nighting night kiss?
There you go.
Oh, disgusting.
Right on the lips.
I'm sure it's valid.
I saw that jewel, man.
Pretty sure it was jewel.
And the Dany Fowler in the Huffington Post writes, incredibly Fox News labeled Mark Foley
to disgrace Republican Florida child recruiter as the Democrats, three different times in
two different segments.
On the right-wing program, the O'Reilly factor, the video clip of Foley showed him as
Mark Foley Democrat of Florida, rather than the correct designation as the Republican,
Mark Foley, are a Florida.
Could this truly be an oversight or mistake you decide?
How do you like that?
I already have.
Must have been just an accident just to coincidence.
There were many people that Fox would never lie to us or never would hold a truth.
Although Fox News had copies of emails written by Mark Foley to a Louisiana boy, but chose not
to run the story, according to the passage in the AP report.
Morley, bankrupt, scum.
Are you picking on poor Rupert Murdock again?
Sure.
Gary, who is it?
Gary and the Playboys?
Yes.
The FBI's begun an inquiry into Foley's computer contact with pages in Hasty Road and
London, Florida, fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, asking for investigation into whether state
laws were broken.
I think Jeff's upset that he was left out of those parties with Charlie Christ and your
buddy, Mark.
Meanwhile, Florida newspapers who were leaked copies of the email with Louisiana boy last year
defended their decision not to run the stories.
Both the anxious, mind me, here old and the same Pete Times were given copies of the emails
as were other news organizations, including Fox News, the Nazi News Network.
Our decision at the time was that because the language was not sexually explicit and was
subject to interpretation from innocuous to sick as the page characterized it to be cautious
said that little twirp Tom Feeder executive editor of the hero, right.
Given the potentially devastating impact that a fall suggestion to Peter Feeder could
have on anyone, not to mention a congressman known to be gay and lacking any corroborating
information, we choose not to do a story.
Didn't stop him on Gary Hart and Donna Rice from chasing his ass around and run his presidential
ambitions in it.
Oh, back in those days of the yellow trench code.
Didn't stop you then did it time.
Of course, Gary Hart was a Democrat.
Mm-hmm.
After I owed the political leanings of the hero, the new fascist over there at the freaking
mommy, Harold.
She only croaked.
Have a great day, Tom.
Oh, look at this.
Talk about not learning your lessons real fast.
Maybe as a slow learner, Mark.
Maybe it's because he was molested by the preacher man.
That looks it.
Scarred his brain.
Congressman Mark Foley was still using the AOL screen name now associated with attempts
to solicit underage boys coin to raw story.
As recently as 10.50 yesterday morning, users of AOLs and messaging were surprised to find
Foley signed briefly onto the chat service using the screen name M-A-F-F-F-D-F-F-R.
And there's a picture of the screen here.
M-A-F-F-F-D-F-F-R is just signed off.
The login was used in our public emails and instant messages with underage boys.
And of course, the Eggman says they were the ones that were coming out of this photo.
They are the ones.
That's right.
Those beastie boys.
Foley signed on only briefly this morning yesterday, but has reportedly continued
to use the screen name occasionally as a scandal surrounding it unfolds publicly.
Log active is taking the screen, capture a foe's online status, this morning available
here it says, and there's a picture over right there on raw story.
Pretty raw, yes.
And the Eggman knows, but I think the Eggman is jealous of what's all about.
When you think?
I imagine.
I bet he's had a page or two in his time.
I'm not talking about congressional page.
I heard he was a real page-terter.
Uh-huh.
More like Lana Turner.
1213 votes if you could keep your federal tax dollars from being spent on any one of these,
which would it be?
The war in Iraq, 458, a bloodbath, lunacy, tax exemptions for religious organizations,
338 subsidizing those get-skies, subsidies for energy companies, 157, matching funds for
political campaigns, 83, foreign aid, 75, views of the UN 40, National Missile Defense
22, public service announcements like just a note to Nancy Reagan, 21, and the space program,
again, only 21.
The biggest name is like the best talent, the fastest wheelrodger for 205, 6th of the
world.
Hey, stench of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
Okay, so I googled what's his name, Gary Newman, and there ain't no picture.
Really, rightfully so.
I don't want to see no picture, okay, if he looks like John Mark Karr, like twins.
So anyway, speaking of all these closeted Republicans besides Matt Fudge and Condom Lisa and
Colter and Charlie Christ, and up until just yesterday, Mark Foley, I just googled Laura
Ingramham.
I was wondering about her.
You know, she actually was engaged to businessman James Reyes and planned a wedding in May or June
of 2005, but she announced in April 26th of 2005, she had undergone breast cancer surgery,
and as a result, her engagement was canceled.
She was also once engaged to conservative author Dinesh D'Souza and dated former New Jersey
Senator Bob Teracelli, but never been married.
Now hold on to she.
I don't know.
Let's see.
How come we don't have a, oh, born 64, that makes her 3642.
Well, I'd not be wrong with that.
He's 42 and never been married, right?
Okay.
Then the Wikipedia thing here, views on homosexuality.
According to David Brockham, his book, blinded by the right, Ingramham, are writing for the
Dartmouth Review in the mid-80s.
Once attended the meeting of gay student organization for the purpose of publicly outing them in
the newspaper.
I'm sure that's the only reason she was there.
She secretly taped the meeting of the gay students association and published a transcript
identifying students by a name and calling them Sodomites.
According to her, however, she attended the meetings to report the newspaper, how the money
was being spent.
Jeffrey Hart, faculty advisor to Dartmouth Review later wrote in the weekly standard Ingram
held the most extreme anti-homo sexual views imaginable as an undergraduate that she
avoided local restaurant, prefer that gay waiters might touch her silverware, spit on her
food, exposing her to AIDS.
A decade later, February 23, 97, high, every she wrote an essay in the Washington Post,
in which she announced significant changes in how she views gays and lesbians.
This was motivated primarily by the experience of her own gay brother, Curtis and Graham,
removed rumored to have been a strange from her for a time after the gay student group
infamy as he cared for his eagling partner.
How do you like that?
Just an obsession, obsessed.
What is this facts here?
It says, condesleeism must be the happiest bitch in the world right now.
The country is so focused on the fully scandal, we're ignoring the more important fact that
she has continually lied about, the meaning she forgot about, warning us of attacks on the
US by George Tennant.
Man, I hate her asses, whoever this facts her was.
And we end up with a good thing for your name on it, they come and get you.
Before noon there has to be an asslimer, by the end of the day the rest of you might be
too.
I started to do this a second ago and then do it.
Congressional pages involved in the fully sex messages scandal are receiving threats via
emails.
This is according to Representative Rodney Alexander, our Republican Louisiana.
He sponsored one of the pages, received inappropriate messages from Representative Mark Foley.
Alexander explains that he believes he let the page down, saying my job was to do what
I could to protect the young man's interest and I failed.
I apologize for that.
The parents have had a horrible week.
The young man is beginning to get some threats.
Aren't you shocked by that?
No.
Not.
No.
The media has been aggressively seeking his conversation at school, his home and that's
the most disturbing thing.
It's just simply not fair.
The young man's gotten caught up in something that he and he's getting brewed for something
he shouldn't be part of.
But you know what the Eggman says?
He wanted it.
Yeah.
What do you say?
These punks, these what do you call them?
You know, another I think of it.
All these children that have been molested.
You know, it's their old fault for being so damn sexy.
I wanted it.
There you go.
That's right.
If they would have just tried to be as ugly as they possibly could.
They got a dress like the Amish.
I guess that doesn't help.
That doesn't help either.
Well, of course, there's another guy who was, and you know, we're waiting to hear this
horrible thing that supposedly happened to him 20 years ago.
Yeah.
That's the excuse for this grotesque barbaric act that he pulled and then come to find
out.
He was the rape, rape, rape or not the rape.
Mm-hmm.
So that's why he had that cube and a spare of K.Y.
With him.
Got him.
In order to draw the boys out of there, I think, you know, because he was having dreams
about how much he enjoyed doing it.
And he was thinking about doing it again.
But maybe because of a shortage of time at any rate.
Is overman on Thin Ice Wets Jeff Cohen on common dreams.org.
And by the way, I see Keith's numbers are staggeringly going up.
He beat out what's your name that bubblehead Paul's on last night.
Good.
And moving on up.
Anyway, Jeff Cohen, which I've read many of his columns before, he's not the apiece
of guy.
He's founder of Media Watch Group Fair, an author of Cable News Confidential My Miss Adventures
in Corporate Media.
He says, I fear for Keith Obernman.
Like so many others who hunger for some journalistic independence on TV news off and Marvel at Obernman's
Dog and Reporting in Unique Commentary, in a Cable News environment of conformity and
conservatism, the MSNBC host takes on a Bush administration for demonizing dissent,
for abusing our constitutional traditions, for taking cynical advantage of the unanimity
and love following 9-11 and transmuting it into a fraudulent war in Needless Death.
Only Obernman talks about team Bush's monstrously transforming 9-11 unity into fear and suspicion
and turning that fear into the campaign slogan of three elections.
He was virtually alone on TV news and seriously reporting on 2004 election irregularities in
Ohio and exploring the pre-arach word Downey Street memos indicating White House deception.
In recent months, his prime target seemed to evolve from softer ones like Bill O'Reilly
to bigger game Bush and his minions.
It's worth noting that strong criticism and extremist presidency hardly makes Obernman
the leftist.
I remember him as the whimsical sports guy in ESPN.
I remember his first go round at MSNBC in I.D.A. when he could have sued his bosses for
repetitive stress disorder for having the host scores of the Winsky episodes on the
road to Clinton's impeachment and impeachment they may well have been impossible if not
for the complicity of TV news.
It's obvious his bosses at MSNBC, slash NBC, slash GE, never envisioned the increasingly
bold overmen of recent months.
It's likely that Obernman himself could not have foreseen his current rule as the lone
voice of those who feel assaulted by a cable news business dominated by the O'Reilly's
and Hannities.
So why do I fear for Obernman because I know his bosses in the run up to the Iraq War
I-2 work for MSNBC as an on air pundit and a senior producer on the prime time Donahue
show.
As I detail in my new book, cable news confidential, the suits at MSNBC slash NBC muzzleless and
ultimately terminate with us.
They feared independent journalism and serious dissent.
They smeared Bush critics with MSNBC's editor-in-chief actually going on the air without
evidence to accuse the Iraqi WMD skeptic, Scott Ritter, of being the appaid agent of
Sadahoo Sayin.
Obernman has been gaining an audience ratings that provides him some security but perhaps
not enough.
When Donahue was terminated three weeks before the Iraq invasion, it was MSNBC's most watch
program.
Canceling your top rated show doesn't happen often but it happened to Donahue.
Who knows what will happen to Obernman?
With Donahue management care less about building up an audience than tamping down to scent.
While independent outlets and blogs were soaring an audience by questioning the rush to
war, our bosses imposed right jackets on us that prevented similar growth.
In the last months of Donahue, management gave us strict orders.
If we booked a guest who was anti-war, we need two who were pro-war.
If we booked two guests on the left, we needed three on the right.
When a producer proposed booking Michael Moore, she was told they'd need three right-wingers
for ideological balance.
Obernman's increasingly boldest end has been occurring at a time when Bush's appropriating
is our low and Bush's wars in shambles.
That gives him some added security.
During Donahue's tenure on MSNBC, the eve of the war, Bush's popularity was high and
media conglomerates were especially concerned about not roughing the White House at that moment
as they were lobbying hard to get FCC rules changed to allow them to grow still fatter.
The day after Donahue was terminated, an internal NBC memo leaked out said,
Phil Donahue represents a difficult public face for NBC at the time of war.
Why?
Because he insisted on presenting administration critics.
The memo worried that Donahue would become a home for the liberal anti-war agenda at
the same time that our competitors are waving the flag at every chance.
NBC's solution then, don't Phil, stifled a cent, brandished the flag.
NBC's solution now, so far, Obernman appears to be on much more solid footing, mostly
because the political zeitgeist has much changed from four years ago.
But MSNBC is still owned by GE's conservative bosses and managed by NBC's ever-timid executives.
Obernman knows this reality as well as anyone.
Six months ago on C-SPAN, while expressing confidence that good ratings would keep them
at bay, he remarked,
there are people I know in the hierarchy of NBC, the company, and GE, the company, who
don't like to see the current presidential administration criticized at all.
I'm pulling for Obernman.
I'm one of the multitudes who find his commentaries online, per-erbs, nor see them on the web
that on TV and forward them far and wide.
But with each new broadside against the Bush administration are fear for his future.
His best security is us and active citizenry.
Its media activism organized heavily on the net.
Its media watch groups like Fair and the Media Matters for America.
It's the movement that resisted the FCC changes in 2003, challenged and clear broadcast propaganda
before the O4 election, and recently exposed an ad-level of an hijacking of ABC by right-wing
Clinton basures.
In the epilogue of cable news confidential, I looted this moa movement.
My only regret was that such a potent movement hadn't coalesced by 2002 to flex its muscles
against MSNBC brass and defense of an unfettered Donahue.
If Obernman gets muscled or terminated for political reasons, it'll be up to us to fight
not only for him, but for the concept that without serious dissent democracy is a sham.
What am?
Oh, there's your buddy Tony Blair.
That was always saw him.
What the hell is he babbling about?
Something about the IRA said this and the IRA said, why doesn't he just go away already?
He keeps threatening people away.
He just doesn't want to do it.
He'll do it quickly.
Kind of like Greg Reed.
He keeps threatening to leave, but the door keeps bumping him on the hip before it hits his
ass.
Oh, I was thinking about Greg Reed this morning, you know, about where he holds him.
Yeah.
Probably in line with that Mark Foley business.
Anyway, how many votes we got on the pool?
1260, baby.
1260.
Is that WGDA?
I better just go ahead and let it go.
1056 at 560 QIM.
The biggest name, sub-best talent, the biggest deal in Roger's, 4th radio 560, issue
AAM.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your boy.
Any questions?
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography
profile story, you didn't have to be baked out of your mind to enjoy their mystical progressive
rock sound, but it helped.
They relied Zeppelin.
There's a lady in the shore, all the glitter and the snow, and chief fighting was their
way.
Stay away to heaven.
One of the most utterly crafted rock songs of the 20th century and so layered with meaning.
British writer's story and Ian McMannowing Smyth and Wiggle, in an interview with Led Zepp
frontman, Robert Plant.
First question, Robert.
There's a lady who's sure all the glitters is gold.
And then later, if the stores are all closed, with a word she can get, what she came for.
It's brilliant.
What does it mean?
Excuse me.
Not really sure.
I think it actually has get me nole polished by a backup singen recording with the
time I reckon that.
Getting a noble polish.
Amazing.
Oh, and that classic line.
If there's a bustle in your head row, a bustle in your head row, what does it mean?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you know something.
That one I came up with on the sport, I was in a fairy, because I just done about three
pounds of primo, clumby and flagging, and the whole design, this is where, here they
were bleeding quite a bit.
I'm smashing.
But the passage I find, so personally rewarding, there are two paths you can go by, but in
the long run, there's still time to change the road you're on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that one.
Yeah, yeah, well, Jimmy Cage had just finished with this one bed, and he had his thing,
and so I thought, hey, first time for everything, right?
And he'd buy bento, when he came up, I got to dash.
It's a puke, he got to out now.
Led Zevler, they had a lot more fun than you did listening to their music on your lazy,
big ass.
It's a big, juicy, something like a show business tonight, on Inside the Mind.
But what's that guy to do with Gary Newman, that's the obvious question.
Oh, you got that picture.
No, I did not.
Oh, you sent me a picture of Gary Newman?
Sure did.
Or you got my card, take your pick.
No thanks.
Oh, more bad news from Iraq, more bad news.
Why, you haven't read any of this, definitely.
I'm gonna say good news.
I know.
I'm way ahead of you.
There isn't any.
A triple bombing targeting Iraq's Ministry of Industry employees killed at least 12 people
wounded seven of the others today, and a mainly Christian neighborhood of Baghdad
police said.
Two bombs targeted ministry guards and other bomb targeted at a ministry convoy, a
court away Baghdad emergency police official.
Things are going incredibly well.
But why should we care about that when we got Mark Foley to worry about him?
We got bigger fish to fry.
We got a lot of egg on our face.
We got a lot of pages to turn over.
Three years after lending star-powered adorages W Bush's re-election campaign, Arnold has
distanced himself from the US president of the upcoming elections.
The Hollywood actor, chin Republican politicians is a strong favorite to win November's
Gubernatorial Race and Democrat Dominate California, where Bush's approval ratings have
slumped to record lows.
He's feeling mighty low in California.
But even while Schwarzenegger enjoys a commanding leader with Democrat rival Phil Angelini's
and recent polls, analysts say the incumbent is worried of being associated with Bush.
Schwarzenegger did not meet Bush during his trip to California yesterday.
A spokesman for Bush said the focus of the visibly congressional races, while Schwarzenegger
said there was no reason for a meeting.
President Bush is coming out here to not to help California, but to do fundraising in
California.
So there's no reason for me to meet him because I'm attending the business, he said.
Not to help California, but to do fundraising.
As to be viewed Bush's liability, Arnold replied, absolutely not.
Privately, however, his campaign will be only two-wear that Bush is bad for the electoral
box office, say the enlists.
If I were running Schwarzenegger's campaign, I'd do exactly what he's doing, and that's
avoiding the president's at Ed Constantine, a professor of political science at the University
of California, Davis.
It would feed right into the Democrat strategy of trying to link Schwarzenegger to Bush if
they're suddenly seen in photo-wops together.
He doesn't want to be within a hundred miles of his ass.
And who the hell can blame him, right?
Right.
Speaking of obnoxious people that nobody would like to be anywhere near, Dick Morris,
what a fascist he turned into, huh?
Tarnco doesn't even do justice to it.
So let's say Gary Newman was what?
Alfred E's brother and he was in the cars?
That's right.
No.
Wasn't Rick Riley was in the cars?
Sure.
Sean?
Rico Kasey.
Kasey Kasey was in the cars?
Yes, he was.
Eskanaaba.
What?
Eskanaaba.
That's in Michigan, isn't it?
I don't know.
I believe so.
What paper is this from?
Probably the Eskanaaba Daily Press.
Oh, sure the hell it is.
I think it's in the U.P.
Dick Morris, what a jackass he turned into, pulled no punches and talking about his former
bosses, Hillary and Bill Clinton, the members of the Bay Area Economic Club the Monday
night.
Bill Clinton, Morris said he's not a very nice person to be with in private.
Of Hillary Clinton, he said, sure reminds me of President Nixon, very ruthless.
Morris predicts Hillary will be the next president, but he's not happy about his prediction.
He doesn't think she'd make a good president.
She's as close to a European socialist as we have in the U.S. Morris said.
Hillary is a liberal who's a moderate when she has to be.
Bill is a liberal when he has to be more sensitive.
People ask me, why did you turn on their Clintons?
I didn't said, Morris.
I'm not a Republican.
I'm a Democrat.
He said, boy, it could have fooled me.
I hate both parties equally.
I like both parties equally.
When they work together, they get a lot of things accomplished.
I believe we've had the best government in the last 25 years since we've had the founding
fathers.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
In the 2008 presidential election, Morris said he believes the only two Republicans who
give Senator Clinton a run for money are Rudy Giuliani and John McCain, but they're
both too good, Morris said.
I think the only person who gets stopped for his algo or Morris says, he's written several
books.
He wrote, county versus Hillary arguing that only condom leads it could block Hillary's
bid for the White House in 2008.
He didn't even mention immigration as talk on Monday.
Morris wrote a pair of books criticizing the Clintons and wrote behind the Oval Office,
winning the presidency in the 90s.
They read for respect of his work with the Clintons.
It was published soon after his August 29, 1996 resignation from the campaign, due to
scandal.
Morris resigned after a court surface that he'd been involved in an extramarital affair
with a prostitute named Sherry Rowlands.
Oh, no.
Not another one.
Those are good moralists.
Morris also wrote the screenplay for Fair and Hype 9-11 and alternative to Michael Morris
2004 film.
He was a Fox TV news commentator.
Is that tell you what you need to know?
Right.
So, weekly comment for the group report, Murdock owned New York Post and Hill Magazine.
Card carrying fascists, Dick Morris.
Sell out.
I tell you one thing, there must be a lot of cash floating around.
You know, a lot of suitcases and that's where people bags full of cash, you know, around
DC.
That's a bunch of offers you can't refuse.
Right.
Wonder how much misfudge has got on the payroll, huh?
Wonder how much Richard Mellon's escape has taken care of that queen.
Lots.
Marine down has a column today in the New York Times.
Don't pass the solid peanut century.
Oh, yeah, that's the thing of all this stuff, you know, after watching that Kissinger movie,
which I got for you.
And then seeing the fact that he's there all the time advising Katie and Bush to the White
House that they bring in this not.
And like they said, he's still fighting the war Vietnam.
The only exit option is victory in Iraq.
Of course, nobody can define what victory is or whatever it might ever come about.
But that's his advice.
That's the only exit strategy is victory.
Just like in Iraq, the pieces in our hand.
I have the two.
Marine Doud says Tom Lair said that political set there was rendered obsolete when Henry
Kissinger won a Nobel Peace Prize for prolonging the Vietnam War.
But even the inventive lyric, a never imagined that Dr. Strange Love would get a second chance
to contribute to misleading the public about a military catastrophe and a misunderstood
land, a duover in scarring the American psyche and reputation in profound ways.
Yet as Bob Woodward reveals in state of denial, the sequel to Bush's adgenious, Mr. Kissinger
has been one of the few trusted outside advisors that W is listened to on Iraq.
The administration has shaped its policy to heal the 83 year-long wise man's belief that
the only way to beat an insurgency is to stick it out, no matter how many American kids
and forants of Indians die.
Especially if elections are coming up.
As the historian Robert Dallack was writing a book on Nixon and Kissinger notes, Kissinger
was complicit using foreign policy to try to save Nixon during Watergate.
Bob Haldeman wrote in his diary on December 15th, 1970, using K for Kissinger and P for
President Nixon, K came in and described some of the general thinking about Vietnam and
the big peace plan for the next year, which K told me he does not favor.
He thinks that any pull-out next year would be a serious mistake because the adverse reaction
to it could sit in well before the 72 elections.
He favors instead of continued winding down and then a pull-out right at the fall of 72
so that if any bad results fall, there will be too late to affect the election, it seems
to make sense.
35 years later, Mr. Kissinger, the consummate fawner, was once more able to sway a president
with a fake difference.
Dr. K encouraged W. to play the tough guy on the war even though he had himself never
gone to war.
In September 2005, Mr. Woodward writes W. his head speech writer Mike Gerson, visit Kissinger
and received a lecture declaring that the only exit strategy for Rack was victory and
a copy of the diplomats salted peanut memo from 1969, warning against resisting pressure
to withdraw troops from Vietnam.
Withdrawal of U.S. troops will become like salted peanuts to the American people.
The more U.S. troops come home, the more will be demanded he said.
It's the kind of logic that makes Dr. K. Sets a valuable counsel to the president
so already declared privately that his midterm election strategy is to tar the Democrats
this way, surrender and taxes.
The shrink-wrap president didn't consult his own father before going to war against the
same dictator and moving from Dr. Strangelock to Dr. Freud, two of W.S. top war counselors,
Rami and Henry the K, our man who didn't bother to conceal their contempt for Bush Sr. as
a naive lightweight.
As Woodward notes, part of Rami's allure for W. was the fact that Toppy Bush considered
him as arrogant, macka-vallian sort who could get you in deep due to.
It was a chance Woodward says to prove his father wrong or right.
It's been clear for years that Cheney and Rami have been using the Bush presidency
like elaborate vanity production to replay Watergate and Vietnam and to try to reverse things
that bothered them during prior stints in the Nixon and Ford administrations.
As Cheney told his pal Rami when W. gave him a second crack a quarter century later,
at the Defense Chief job, get it right this time.
The vice president has been biobolically successful, successful, exploiting 9-11 to restore
the imperial presidency to where it was before.
Congress and the public became such nosy parkers after Watergate.
Mr. Cheney and Rami have been less successful in their attempt to exercise the post Vietnam
American skittishness about using force.
The rubismal misadventure in Iraq has only reinforced it.
Kissinger's reasoning for favoring war in Iraq had none of the idealistic gloss about democracy
that the president came up with later.
Like Mr. Cheney, he thought it was a good idea to invade Iraq, not because it was strong
but because it was weak.
We need to humiliate radical Islam, he told Mr. Gerson, and send the message that we're
not going to live in this world that they want for us.
Half a century of foreign affairs experience, and he still doesn't understand that humiliating
young Arab men and occupying Muslim land just radicalizes them.
We're expanding terror at a cost of about $6 billion a month.
Right, Maureen McQueen?
Your girlfriend Maureen Dowd.
I love her.
Well, look at that.
We can pull Shod Mahoney with a slight lead in Florida and fold his congressional district.
It's only a three-point lead that Grown told me yesterday that he's actually buoyed by
that, says that's actually a good sign.
I think they can make up some ground.
They can make up some stories as well.
They can make up like the devil made him do it, and it was that all the stations by
the priest is a child.
And of course the booze is going to make you do almost anything.
Sure, and that Mahoney I hear he's gay.
Oh, brother.
Man, aren't all Democrats?
Sure, and cowardly and they want to tap you.
Right, that's correct.
That's your ass.
Kind of first cut and run.
Cut and run.
From 1809 votes on the polls, coming along and swimmingly, keep those polls coming.
Thanks again, Sean.
Yep.
Although I am pissed off about that Gary Newman thing, where comes the person who that
is.
I'll let you know that song.
Yes, you do.
Okay, during the break, we're going to look at that picture and then maybe keep my guts
up.
We salute you, Mr. Fake ID, maker.
Sure, you don't have the best equipment.
In fact, your scanners produce images only slightly sharper than silly buddy on the Sunday
comics.
He doesn't matter though, because your customers are completely faced when they visit you
anyway.
Most establishments would deny little Jimmy his alcohol and tobacco.
But thanks to you, he purchases a 40 and a pack of smokes with ease, while his underage
friends wait around the corner.
Don't forget the magic.
Sure, the cops have tried to shut you down, but you provide a public service, keeping
businesses that would otherwise go belly up in the black.
So we salute you, Mr. Fake ID, maker.
You're in jet print.
You're three X-Fives and the scours of hungover teenagers who couldn't get up for school
today.
You are a real American ale.
1118 speaking of giving good face, that I love that picture of Miss Foley.
That's a foley picture, of course.
We've got to say that as if we didn't know that.
Oh, the other.
Under our corner.
The wrestling picture.
We're Mark Foley is teaching one of the pages, obviously.
Some wrestling positions.
Well, there's fantasy football.
That's fantasy wrestling.
He says, relax, then.
It's just teaching the kid to wrestle.
Try the donuts with the sprinkles.
And I'm sure Dennis did.
He's here right back around.
Got some of them ducky donuts.
I bet he likes the donut holes.
One thing about crispy cream, they don't make no donuts with sprinkles, do they?
Probably.
Do you think they do?
Yes.
We're actually talking about donuts this morning, and the consensus is, crispy cream
does make other flavors, but nobody notices because they only go for the clay.
Because the other ones are so damn good.
Right.
And he came even only three hundred.
God.
How to be a logger.
So as well, they're going to be out of business one of these days because people are decided
to, you know, they're getting too sick and too addicted to it.
New revelations about the so-called laughing hijackers.
I don't think I've been talking about that today.
Remember that video came out and they were, oh, those hijackers.
Yeah, yeah.
The so-called laughing hijackers, they expose, it's releases a stage managed politically
time father of time.
See, this is chopped off again.
The father of my hamadata blessed the video as a fake while character to the reclaims
of its origin and nature baffled even terror experts, while even the media admits to
tape is released not by al-Qaeda, but by the US intelligence community.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
Firstly, the father of my hamadata was previously said that his son is still alive as
blasted the video as the, as fake.
He said the video tested it in my son's false.
I continually believe his innocent.
Muhammad al-Amyr al-Said said he told the Saudi daily al-Watan.
The Americans tampered with and falsified that video.
He said they want to change something in order to achieve their goals in the Middle
East.
See, the right hand column on this thing is all chopped off.
What am I going to do about that?
I know, go back to the, the Liza La Fire Fox.
Select print selection.
Why?
Select the part you want and then print the selection rather than the whole page.
Oh, you're going to start with that again.
We're going to have to have a whole day.
You know what, catch up with the rest of humanity.
In a separate revelation, AP is reporting the next part on Islamic extremism as deemed
latest al-Qaeda footage.
Out a character for al-Qaeda could have been taken by a security agency.
Out a character.
Was this a video by al-Qaeda or by a security agency?
Dr. D. Roshwan, an Egyptian expert on militant groups that I've never seen such a video.
Also a question is these strangely different appearances of Muhammad al-Ata and Ziajara,
both seem younger and the infamously bleak glaze of al-Tahduring leaders replaced by
somewhat softer expression.
Just like that fat picture of Osama, where that one where he looked like he believed
was going to be a glaze donut.
By the way, we're only a half an hour away from a big thing at Pompano Park, 1150 this morning.
The steel structure is complete at the new alacopry casino at Pompano Park.
The casino is time for the topping out tree, setting on the top of the new building.
And there'll be a special debut of the design renderings of the inside of the new
race scene, including the slot machine floor, restaurants and summer cast racing area.
Boy, that's enough to wet my appetite and make me think that it might be a wood-bein
Wednesday for me.
Do you think I needed this?
No.
Oh, topping out tastes placed with the tree planning at 1150 this morning.
That's a half an hour from now as they kept the construction site in front of the clubhouse
entrance at Pompano Park, followed by the rendering premiere of the inside of the new
race scene of on the fifth floor in Patent's Place lounge.
Don't shiply corporate vice president of the casino, while persons for the alacopry and
Pompano Park will conduct a question and answer session of the new race.
Cino, Pompano Park Horseman, members of the Pompano Beach and Barbarate County Commission
and the greater Pompano Beach Chamber of Commerce will also be in attendance.
Thank you, Steve.
Steve Wolf sent that by.
I want to point out that I'm in this from now.
They're going to be unveiling it.
You also see that it was pitched for a new moment.
I've got that right here in my pile, man.
Would you relax?
Jesus, God, are you impatient?
I got in my hand right now.
Get somebody to answer.
That's what Mark Holy said while the Congress is supposed to be voting it, whether we're
going to provide money to invade Iraq.
By the way, we got in that story facts to us three times already today.
What's that?
All the Pompano stories, of which people would realize that you're on top of these things.
Don't you understand that if anybody knows what's going on at Pompano Park, Bruce Ranger
knows.
Don't you understand that?
Kelly, the Schlepp.
Pompano Beach, Barbarate County and Florida, Marlon's officials have been in discussions
for several months about possibly financing a baseball stadium at Pompano Park, Harnest
Track.
Oh, my God.
The officials are saying the talks have not, but what does this have to do with Mark Holy
and those emails?
Let's get back to that.
That's all they want to see.
Do you know that we put that up there 1030 on Wednesday, right, Josh?
About 1030?
Yeah.
It's got over a thousand reads.
How many stories do you think we ever put on our website to get over a thousand reads?
That may be the third or fourth and all the time we've been putting this stuff on there.
What does that tell you?
Everything I already.
I see X, T, E, N. That's right.
E, A, G, E.
And that's what it's got to be, baby.
That's right.
Yes, H, R, P, E, U. When you wait, when you stop, but I don't take much to get you going,
I'll tell you that.
Just give me a little piece of, you know, like a shoelace and he turns it into a
tight rope and then sticks it around my neck.
The talks have not yet yielded a completed deal, but Tom Potombech, Mayor John Ration and
Robert County Mayor Ben Graber said they're excited about the possibility of bringing
the Marlins to a prospect that has seemed unlikely for years as County Commission has
even unenthusiastic about putting tax dollars to another sports venue.
The County Commission raised the County Hotel bed tax 2% in 1996 to help pay for the
bank Atlantic Yanta Center in sunrise, home of the Panthers hockey team.
Don't forget the hockey season starts tonight.
Not the Panthers though, that's Friday night against the Bruins.
And Gildi and Silly asked Red Deer Randy, you'll have the game for you right here on
QM on Friday.
We're pretty proud and pleased about that.
What are they leading, what are the press really say yesterday?
One of the leading broadcast teams in all of hockey, didn't that what's it said?
The conversation that we had about the defense was, is that we don't have any.
There's Paul Marista, a new coach of your Toronto Maple Leafs, aren't you excited
about that?
No.
No, I knew you wouldn't.
What?
Hockey talk, baby.
It's one of those hockey shows going, baby.
Hockey season starts tonight.
Hockey night in Toronto.
Both mirrors called the discussions about the stadium complex.
It wouldn't disclose any of the financing bills.
Now who's going to pay for it?
There are possibilities said racing.
It was toward the track with representatives of the Marlins and they track owner Alicopri.
He said one possibility is relocating a set of older stables at the track to make way
for a stadium.
I'm hopeful we can make progress racing said, I'd love to keep the Marlins in South Florida.
I think it's fantastic if they're able to get a stadium built.
And because there's so much interest, they just fired the manager for doing too bit of
a job.
Graber who wouldn't discuss the location of the stadium city hoped to be able to announce
the deal before he leaves office on November 7th.
Maybe this could be an October surprise.
A new stadium for the Marlins at Poppano Park.
And maybe Wally Hennessy can pitch for the Marlins.
What do you think?
Or maybe Donald Brainerd.
We are very close to perhaps putting it off together that made the representative of
the County Commission.
We're still about two weeks away from finalizing it.
Graber said, it's a complex deal that doesn't depend on one entity greatly.
It's a fair deal.
The Marlins decline comment.
They were too busy firing George Arroy and announcing their new manager who's named
again, Z.
Who is the new manager?
Freddie Gonzalez.
Oh, and Z.
The team is in discussions with Dave County and the city of Haya Lea about financing a
ballpark in Western Haya Lea.
Oh God.
Major League Baseball has contact tracks to purchase land south of Miami Arena and been in discussions
with the city of Miami and Beness dealers about locating a stadium in downtown Miami.
No deals been reached in either location.
Now, that would be a good poll to take.
Maybe we'll do that one on one of these days soon.
Okay.
Like where should the Marlins build a new stadium?
Haya Lea, downtown Miami or Tennessee, Pompato Park or like in Vermont would be good.
Mod Pea.
Sure.
It's not certain a deal can be reached in Broward either.
Pompato Park is financing and building that $140 million.
Two-story building.
The house, 1500 slot machines, restaurants and bars and is in the midst of a $10 million
grandstand renovation.
And the unveiling of that Racino, at least the rendering of it, is coming up in 24 minutes
at 11.50.
Steven Wolf, the track senior director of racing operation, said he's unaware of any talks
with the Marlins.
It wasn't sure where a stadium might be located on the tracks 223 acres.
Pompato Beach, Vice Mayor George Brummer, who's district includes the track also was
insured and doesn't think the public would support the project, which he says would be
even more traffic congestion along Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line Road.
I don't think it's practically said.
Maybe you could drop all the fans in by helicopter.
How many helicopters would it take to drop all the Marlins fans in?
About 30 men.
That's right.
If there were like 10 people in each one, that's 300.
Sure.
Majorly baseball president Bob DePuy said he has not been presented with any proposals
beyond a highly amimic plan.
And that any plan near a gambling venue where there might be a use for gambling revenue
or financing would need to be closely reviewed.
Oh, that's for sure.
We don't want people going over there to the baseball game and then sticking their money
in the machine, you know?
Like Billy and Reaver, they're in Vegas.
Boy, that show's got to go off the air.
Next, we want to puke.
27 past 11, I'm sure we'll find some more Mark Foley stories in the pile, right?
Some more salacious.
Oh, it's a big name.
So fast and talented.
It makes this P.O. Rodgers 4.20560.
P.O. A.M.
Rodgers.
Oh, the ride.
Never washed his hair or seemed to have a care, Kobe.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up their Kobe.
White thing drew from his chin doing heroin, Kobe.
New Vado was hot and now it's Kurt.
They ain't got Kobe.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Kobe.
Made a million in hour, never took a shower, Kobe.
He's a number one hit in heaven's Big Mach Pit, Kobe.
He'll be held as the king and say grunge was my thing, Kobe.
So if you feel without don't take Kurt's way out, Kobe.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Kobe.
We got 13, everyone.
41 votes on the poll are to impress.
That's amazing.
You wonder why I played that?
Why?
Eric Clapton is playing cocaine and concert again.
Good.
The recovering drug addict and alcoholic who founded a Crossroads Center Rediction
Recovery Center on the Caribbean Island of Antigua stopped performing a song written
by J.J. Kale when he first got sober.
But what's that kind of doing with Gary Newman who looks at it, he asked me like a cross
between John Mark Carren and David Boy.
Okay.
Doesn't he?
During those makeup wearing days, absolutely.
Oh my God, gruesome.
And you can almost see them.
I thought that it might be giving the wrong message to people who were in the same
boat as me, Clapton recently told the A&P, but further investigation proves the song
if anything.
If it's not even ambivalent, it's an anti-drug song.
And so I thought that it might be a better way to do it, approach it from a more positive
point of view.
And carry on performing it not as a pro drug song, but just as a reality check about what
it does.
The fact in bands shouts out dirty cocaine during the song.
Dirty cocaine.
I see it's dirty, I get it.
Well, so that's your doing, wouldn't you think?
Sure.
It's one of those songs that you can take any way you like Clapton to the A&P, but
it very clearly says in the opening verse, if you want to get down down on the ground,
I mean, I think that's the focal point of the song.
That's what the song is about, you know, is that there's a price, a price to pay.
FACE.
Clapton also said he missed the cocaine with a signature guitar, but just purely from
a musical point of view.
Clapton 61 is on the North American leg of his world tour, his duet CD with K.L.
the Rotasca and Dito, his kids and for race, on election day, I wish them, which I'm sure.
It's just a coincidence, wouldn't you think?
I imagine it.
You can play your game.
Here you go.
Hardly spankster.
This is where Nia loses contact with the audience and the outside world.
You work in fashion.
You have to hit the your own.
Sing in cocaine, no less.
25-Till Nootek, you know this next story here, this next bedtime story from Smirking
Chimp by exec branch Ford dummies.
The conservative fog machine is in full CYA cover your ass mode.
The excuses Tony Snow and other page shows are coming up with are nothing less than Batchmit Crazy.
Fox News had full-lays picture up on the air on Tuesday with the label Fully Democrat of Florida.
They paid apologists trolls on the having imposed the announced fully, but intentionally misspelled
his name, Foyle, F.O.Y.O. Lee, as though he wasn't one of them and they've never heard of him before.
Republicans already said there's strokes with such demons to think they were Democrats.
So there are two possibilities.
If you're willing to accept there are no accidental outings of scandals, if the Democrats have hit their first October
home run and over a decade, or Carl Roeves pulled off another major genius move.
Roe wants to be known as the great tactical mastermind who won the last three elections.
It does no good to say that it's easy to be a mastermind if you know we have widespread electoral fraud as an optional last resort.
According to the price, you have to be crazy to think that.
What better way to cement your reputation than to win when hit with a bombshell like this so late in the campaign?
I put this theory forward but I have a hard time trying to defend it.
I really think the Republicans are screwed and these are my reasons why.
There have been many attempts to scare the public but they've hit with a thud this time.
No shampoo on airplanes. FU, give me back my shampoo.
Israel starts a WW3. FU, WW3, will last more than three weeks and won't end with a bad tactical retreat.
Iran has nukes, not yet and not soon a whole. The public just doesn't care.
If any move to bolster public confidence has any chance to work it might be plummeting gas prices which doesn't eat constant headlines.
It's a massage the public feels without the benefit of the media.
Too bad the Republicans have so many bad candidates at the Senate level and general anger at the House.
And now we have Mark Foley. If this is a Republican ploy it's like stealing home when your down six runs in the eighth inning.
Little chances are scarce and probably not going to be enough anyway.
If the Democrats leaked this now they covered their own ass for the cowardly retreat on the torture bill which is solid road star execution.
Isn't it remarkable that the Republicans have to massage their base from time to time but so many Democrats think that we won't care about selling the Constitution down the river?
Lucky them. This week is about Mark Foley's instant messages not about the Geneva Convention or habeas corpus.
I know that the view from this side of the Republican faithful is that they are idiots who will buy any story but skills do fall off eyes and camels do buckle under the strain.
With all the Republican successes people forget how close the split is in this country and midterm elections are almost always about turnabout.
About turnout this can't help turn out. So I want to congratulate the quiet behind the scenes Democratic operative whose name will never know who gave Mark Foley's story to ABC and Kuro Suda Howard Dean who finally decided to fight dirty and smart.
I've gambled enough to know that not to celebrate early but let me use a poker phrase here. Our opponents all in and we have the best hand with one card to go.
It's possible that I'll suck out but over 90% of the time folks who are sitting in the Republican's position go home broke.
Now we can only hope that them with power will grow up here in ITMFA.
Yeah exactly.
That's where we need a lot of support.
We need man just like when Bubba got all pissed off there with the rest of the party. It's about time people start getting fired up and pissed off about this crap.
It's just sitting back like Julie Raman and Susan Collins.
Well I think it's a real disgrace man. I don't know what's worse her or Rita Crosby.
At least Rita Crosby ain't killing anybody. She's killing me every time I hear her on the air.
It's a good for poverty though I got to admit. That's true. She's a little comic relief. I wonder if she's on now.
Now we got some other prune-headed bitches.
Woman on the Supreme Court. That's why I love that story too because I think that story tells so much about how tough Senator Day O'Connor is and just as you pointed out how much.
That's right. We want Senator Day O'Connor back. That's what we want right now. Thank God for her.
We all be in concentration camps right now. You and me and Josh and everybody even listen to the show or admit they ever heard of it.
1350. We got 1500 lit today and maybe I'll even find a good machine again when there'd be something three Wednesdays in a row. I doubt it.
You go girl.
Yeah. If you could keep your federal tax dollars from being spent on one item what would it be?
How about it? You know they spent so little time actually in session Congress.
The fact that they were having a session of the house and going to vote on that the appropriations bill for the war in Iraq in April of 2003 and Miss Foday is going off to have an Internet sex chat.
What is a boyfriend page? God I thought page was a girl's name anyway. It is.
The war in Iraq 509 tax exemptions for religious organization 366. I wish I could vote twice at least.
Right. Some cities for energy companies 177 matching funds for political campaigns 92 for an aid 86.
Do you think you win 53 public service announcement like just say no just say no to Republicans 24 just say no to a pedophile congressman.
National missile defense 24 and the space program only 24 our our audience our space could it's like it.
The biggest names of the best now has you read this real Roger sports radio 560.
Is you say the people say I didn't do enough.
Spent the whole time I was president saying why is he so obsessed with them.
That was why I got the dog when he tried to kill me and you know it's not true.
It's just not true.
I was like I was like baby.
You know your failure now.
He tried back his 98 to burn it by what a country who has done dog now you murder me.
You'll come home by the line all the night to the right and you'll play with all our questions.
Hey trick no the age from Republicans.
Their best kind of loyalty makes them an accessory to better my friend and bringing the world to a land.
My low guy all the night to the right and just played it all on the plane.
And raise your location to the police.
America don't want to be right.
Why do they don't need soccer mom?
Then as you leave.
Crowd their heads to like 103 and they're not in the mood.
What's up with you as they play with all of this.
The same exact crap exactly.
I'm 48 12 minutes before noon at 560 number to Q and how about that sports.
Oh God.
Hey we got plenty of sports crap today.
We got mad dog at two power hour with Hank and a mad dog at four.
The Humper solo between five and seven.
Well what else he gonna do we got no games.
What time is that panther stuff started on Friday.
The query minds want to know.
Panther preview at seven o'clock.
Oh look at that.
Look at that.
Guilty at the Yanta Center for two hours in for Hank on Friday.
So here I'm worried about all these hours he's got to work.
He don't even work on Friday.
It must be another one I'm stupid.
I mean one of those great horse races this weekend.
Have you ever find out which one was last weekend?
No.
That one in New York.
Yeah one of those in New York.
Anyway panther previews at seven Friday.
Panthers open up the season against the Bruins at the Yanta Center on Friday.
And Guilty is gonna be on a long time.
We'll be seeing you hit the transmitter going.
Sean Penn talks about the arrogant, the misguided and the cowards.
Not today we like Sean Penn right?
Right.
He's a little bit thin skin.
Takes himself a little too seriously.
But in some days we like him.
In some days we don't all depend on what kind of crap he's all depending on what kind of prep.
He's spewing on that day.
His heart's in the right place.
There you go.
After Sean Penn has sailed the arrogant and misguided and the cowards who argue that an immediate pull out of our troops from Iraq would inspire like a cow.
Confidence in the lost well will be at credibility of the USA and a statement written in preparation for anti-war demonstrations planted over 190 cities tomorrow.
President Bush and his functionaries indeed have lost enormous credibility for the perception of our country internationally wrote Penn.
And a statement read by actor Mark Rufalo on Monday night at Cooper Union in New York City.
Who's Mark Rufalo as he came to a Gary.
You didn't?
No.
Hmm.
The world can't wait to drive out the Bush regime emergency meeting with sound in response to passage of the torture bill.
One of the reasons are people are keeping their eyes on the torture bill as opposed to whether Mark Foley is a pedophile.
Ah, what's torture got to do there?
Well, it looks to me like that wrestler down there that he's a Leon Toppo.
That looks like torture to me.
Yeah.
Perhaps more damaging than that they've created the greatest cultural, religious and political divide domestically since our own Civil War Penn wrote.
Yeah, well, if they have a Civil War in Iraq, why can't we have another one in America?
Sure.
Penn paid a three day visit to Iraq in December 2002 because he felt the American public was being adduped by a media perspective that saturates us every day.
And of course, he is on that.
Absolutely correct.
If there's going to be blood on my hands, I didn't want that blood to be invisible, Penn said in 2002.
He says, we the people of the U.S. have a unique opportunity.
We can show each other in the world that what the Bush administration claims is their mission is not ours.
And by leading our country as the citizenry and demanding of our government and immediate end to our own military and private investments in Iraq,
display for the entire world that democracy is a government of the people.
What more powerful message to send the world than we ourselves can choose in policy and peace and humanitarian support?
Sounds to me like he's running for office, don't it?
Does.
In fascism, one serves the state.
Let's show the world that with democracy we can make the state do our bidding and that such bids would not be the blind ones given exclusively to the friends of power.
But rather, they domain in the people of freedom everywhere.
This is an administration that advocates torture.
These thieves, the public spends billions of dollars on a failed war.
This is an administration where in the year of Katrina, X-On-Mobile claimed the highest profit margin in the history of world business.
It's an administration that belills the means these thieves and indeed kills our brothers, sister, sons, and our daughters.
At the U.S. Mexico border, we panic at the notion of illegal entry without blinking an eyes, our elderly line up every Saturday morning with wheelchairs, walkers, canes, and joint pain,
queued up in the desert heat to enter Mexico where they can purchase affordable medication.
In a human family, this president is indeed pushing his wheelchair bond grandmother down the stairs with a smile on his face.
Everyone knows that these are true statements.
Everyone, some are ashamed of where they put their support in the past, their passivity in the present, with the courage of their minds and hearts at bay.
What an exciting thing to reverse this is one America and show the world who wears the pants in this house.
Stand up as an American and join.
The world can't wait and those demonstrating this Thursday, October 5, out of Iraq and out with Bush, says Sean Penn.
How do you like that? Always like that Sean.
You go, baby. He's a good actor at least.
The same is that crap.
There you go.
Wouldn't it be something if the Democrats leaked this thing?
There was a political thing, well you know, it's too bad.
Too bad. In fact, they're always, they're all talking now or at least many of them about, well you know, look what Clinton did. Who leaked that crap?
I guess Kenny Star was a Democrat, huh?
Not. And by the way something, what's that got to do with this?
Nothing. If you would know.
It's not in the fact that she was 23 years old and went to Washington with her presidential knee pads according to her and was there looking to exactly what she did.
She was actively, and I don't think that Ms. Fudge was back then saying, oh well she was the perpetrator. She was the one that beast.
Of course she was a beast. She was a beast.
Pig, cow.
Although not as big of a beast in the crowd she is now though.
This is the beast.
Have you been down on your knees praying for a quick easy way to lose those unwanted pounds?
Believe me, I know the feeling.
Hi, I'm Monica Lewinsky.
Well good for you, honey.
Pig.
Anyway, sticking to celebrities, you're going to feel really bad and I almost feel bad, but I'm too much of a hard-hard investment to do that.
Remember I had you buy the Inquirer last week?
Right.
And you saw that horrible picture of Pharaoh?
I don't know, I'm still scarred.
TV legend Pharaoh Foset is battling cancer the Inquirers learned exclusively.
Oh you're bad.
If you're really bad about putting that nasty picture in your heart, looking like that's right.
Terrible.
Doctors discovered a malignant tumor in her lower intestine and blasted away with radiation to shrink its sources.
After surgery, you ruled that Italy cancered a 59-year-old former Charlie's Angel starfates his face as chemo and more grueling radiation treatments.
The devastating news came after Ferris Trump at appearance August 27th of the Emmy Awards when she unveiled a stunning new look during a reunion.
I mean, I always felt like an in-eak.
Yeah, I was stunned.
Yeah.
During a reunion with Angel's co-stars Jacqueline Smith and Kate Jackson and of course the lovely Gary Newman.
But it brought her back together with a long time.
Love Ryan O'Neill, who survived his own battle with leukemia.
Whatever happened to him anyway, kind of disappeared, thank God.
He bugged the hell out of me.
He couldn't act as wet of a paper sec.
He kind of reminded me of who was that kid in the Disney movies that I hate like poison.
Which one?
Kurt Russell.
Kurt Russell.
Kind of reminded me of him.
Okay.
Tasty and Irish.
Well, it goes hand in hand.
After Ferris got the diagnosis, cancer of the anus and lower intestine.
Cancer of the anus.
Correcto.
She was devastated.
Everyone in the family cried for days.
A long time family told the inquiry.
Then she snapped out of it and told Ryan, I'm going to beat this, dammit.
With a stick.
Cancer of the anus and the intestine.
Wow.
Hey Ferra, watch your anus.
If you would have just listened to us a long ago, you know what?
Same message for all of you watching and pages out there.
Watch your anus.
Correcto.
Watch your anus.
How many of those kids are in this stargazing?
Maybe they're like a stelescope.
Or in a stelescope.
Yeah.
And a stelescope.
Just watch where you stick that...
It's right.
Yeah, everybody's got to take at least one look at that picture under the pole.
If you wanted a good chuckle because there's so many depressing things going on.
Although of course when they're scandal in the Republican Party, how depressing can that be, right?
The biggest name of the best channel ever.
The last of the business.
Neil Rogers versus 4th radio 560.
You A.M.
Uh-huh.
This is Pope John Paul Lind.
And if he asks me, they only think more at funds than playing Grabass with a Swiss guy,
is the Neil Rogers 12-1 Hour.
From the caterers of the movie's Jackass and Jackass 2,
comes the motion picture everyone is talking about.
Hey, Jack, this out.
I'm gonna stand in the path of an oncoming freight train and not move.
I wonder what will happen.
Some ass see the movie with death-defying sucks that don't defy death.
Why do it happen when I stand in this bathtub and Charlie throws a plug and closer into the waters?
Some ass, where average people try to impress you by attempting to cheat death.
Oh dude, right now we're 15,000 feet in the air.
I'm ready to jump out of the plate with no derriere shoe.
Let's see what happens.
The dumbest, one and a half hours, you'll ever spend in the theater.
It's just so damn dumb.
Yeah, dumb ass.
Everyone was harmed in the making of this movie.
A lot of dumb kids out there, how do you think they're good to me, so many dumb adults?
Hey, no.
Uh-huh.
Something to think about. I heard that movie was good.
What dumb ass?
Yes.
So I said Jackass part 85 was really great.
And then what do you suggest?
It was very funny.
A lot of gross stuff in there, but it was very funny.
Oh, that's good.
Don't you try them at home though.
Are you stupid kids out there?
A lot of stupid people?
No, no. Do it.
A lot of impressionable people.
Please.
I said do try it at home.
Yes.
So I really stupid people fancy that way.
That's why those movies are like a pubic service.
You know, I don't know about you, but I get around, of course it's the whole religion thing.
You know, these goody-toothi-shoes people.
What kind of expression is that anyway?
I never really thought about that till just this moment, till I said it.
Goody-to-shoes?
I'm sure it had a good effect.
Never goody-goody-back-ranky-lamin in the teenagers.
Play it.
Put it on there.
But this Amish crowd, you know, well, of course they are.
Amish grandfather says we must not think evil of this man.
No, have good thoughts about him.
He's a wonderful guy.
Oh, and look at what the name of this town is.
I thought the name was like, nickel, nickel and dime.
Paradise, Pennsylvania.
Paradise.
Absolutely.
A grieving grandfather told young world it is not to hate the gunman who killed five girls in Amish schoolhouse.
And the young boy, Charles Carridge, a pastor, said today,
as we were standing next to the body of this 13-year-old girl,
the grandfather was tutoring the young boys.
He was making a point just saying to the family,
we must not think evil of this man.
The Reverend Robert Shank told CNN.
It was one of the most touching things I've seen in 25 years of Christian ministry, he said.
In other words, the girl was one of ten shot by Charles Carr Roberts IV.
There was how all these slimbals now they all have like three names.
We did that for, I guess.
Like John Mark Carr and Charles Carr Roberts.
Well, this one is the fourth.
He's not only got three names, he's got a number.
Think of Charles Nelson Riley.
After he invaded their one-room schoolhouse in rural Pennsylvania on Monday,
three died of the scene two died early in Tuesday in hospitals.
Funeralists were four victims are scheduled for tomorrow and the fifth will be on Friday.
Five girls remain hospitalized today in critical or serious condition.
And the family's request, the hospital didn't provide details on the standard girls' injuries.
Shank met with the families of two of the victims as well as the family of the gunman,
relatives of Roberts had no hint that he commits such a violent act the pastor said.
There's always a pastor involved, you know what?
There's always good Godfear and people's.
Others who knew him described him as troubled.
Kind of like, one person might almost daily encounter with him said that
he noted that he never looked in anyone's eyes, never looked in anyone's faces,
and she knew that there was something deeply troubling about him.
Shank said.
Although she did say, she was very careful to say that Charles Roberts was not an evil person
that he was a deeply troubled man, that he had in her words the sort of modest words of the Amish.
He had problems of the heart.
I say.
Well, now what Mark Folihan, I've had problems of the heart and heart problems.
Jack Meyer, member of the Brethren Community and Living Near The Amish and Lancaster County,
said some local people were trying to follow Jesus' teachings and dealing with a terrible herd.
Jesus Christ, right.
What would Jesus do?
I first of all, I think Jesus would go there.
I don't think there's anybody here that wants to do anything,
but forgive and not only reach out to those who have suffered loss in that way,
but to reach out to the families of the Man of the Community's Acts, he told CNN,
what a Christian way to do it.
I want to reach out to the family even though they butcher this wonderful, good Christian man.
Well, they are Christians, that's supposed to do.
Sam Stoltz for the 63.
I wonder if he's kin to Abe Stoltz as the harness driver.
Sam Stoltz for the 63, an Amish would work who lives a few miles away from the shooting scene told the A&P
that the victim's families will be sustained by their faith.
And you know what they believe in?
They'll God.
We think it was God's plan.
We're going to have to pick up the pieces and keep going told the,
oh yeah, it was God's plan because he works in mysterious ways and he's a sadistic bastard.
Part of his plan is to have slime balls like this go in and shoot up a bunch of little girls.
A funeral to us is much more important thing than the day of birth
because we believe in the hereafter that children are better off than their survivors,
he said.
Sam Stoltz is.
When members of the community died, they're buried in wooden coffins, women and all white men and all black,
queen Amp.
Honies are in bomb, but aren't takers do not apply makeup?
Funals are held in line in the victim's home in the dead and are delivered to the cemetery in a hooster on carriage.
A hem is read but there's no singing, God forbid.
Do not be singing or thong.
Yesterday, police said Robert Stoltz is white.
He molested young relatives 20 years ago, and was dreaming about molesting children again.
Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Jeffrey Millis said Robert's may have targeted the school for its school students
and given various items found in the school intended to molest the children.
Didn't get around to it though.
They found it one or two of a K. Y. in there
So the fact he chased all the boys out of there and that pregnant woman
He just wanted like did a little girls in there, but didn't have no time so instead he just
Shot him instead
Maniac, but let's not have any bad thoughts about him. He was not an evil man
He was a man of the poor Christian. You're not supposed to that's correct
Merrill Lee writes on Capitol Hill blue political fallout increases. Oh good pay back his abit in it
You know what sounds like to me
From one direction and battle house speaker Denny has to that cow
Hey, have another donut have the ones with the sprinkles on him Denny took it on the chin Tuesday
I wouldn't be surprised at Mark Foley's
When an influential conservative newspaper demanded his resignation for not in your intervening sooner and what's become the biggest sex scandal about Washington
Since the days of Monica Lewinsky. Oh, there's that name again that big fact disgusting piece of theory
Monica Lewinsky, where's that?
We can't play that what are get are you crazy? That doesn't have any of the words you played about two 15
Well, I'll listen to it in two. Okay. I'm ultra cautious now knowing the Nazis that we
In an editorial yesterday, which I read you on the air myself
Washington times the voice from the right to carry his weight in the Bush administration and conservative quotas and Washington beyond call for a
Haster to step down it blasted him for essentially shrugging off indications of representative Mark Foley
One of Haster's deputies was engaging in sexual conversations and possibly sexual activity with underage males
He was trolling baby trolling for that's it and it begins with a C
Either when they were serving as congressional pages soon after their terms ended. It was trolling for congressional
Also from the right side of the political spectrum a coalition of more than 70 conservative pro-family groups
Express concern that house to you. Peel leaders may have shrugged off early warnings about Foley's behavior
In order not to offend the radical gay rights movement. Oh, that's what it's all about. That's it. We don't want to piss off those
Gays
It appears that the conservative majority is given way to political correctness at a statement from the Arlington group coalition
Which includes the anxious family research council the American Family Association and the Free Congress Foundation all a bunch of far
Bison of Goyem, but Haster to the conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh yesterday
He wasn't even considering resigning also got a pat on the back from another direction when President Bush weighed in
El Presidente it was the first time Bush Boe publicly and they politically explosive subjects and fully abruptly
We signed a floor to see the health for 12 years on Friday after transcripts of his online conversations from sexually explicit
explicit others suggest it became public
And you know what Latoya said don't say that damn back and I can't stand it right I would just made in shock to learn about Congress and Foley's
Unacceptable behavior was said in Stockton, California adding that any violation of law should be prosecuted
Even so, Bush said he retains confidence in Haster who's coming under increasing flack for not acting sooner or stronger enough after
Reports surfaced in 2005 that Foley was engaging in inappropriate interactions with young male pages
I know that he wants all the facts to come out Bush said from Stockton we're revisiting an elementary school and campaign
Well, we don't want him to know his elementary schools anymore. Remember what happened last time I don't
Bush said I'm confident he'll provide whatever leadership we can to law enforcement and misimestigation
Right Bush's comments came as Republicans fearful the Foley scandal would cost them control a house
Try to dismiss political groups of war from Democrats who viewed the same possible shift of power with glee
They're whoop it up. They also came as one of the most topary accounts
He had a fully sexual activity surfaced on ABC news yesterday
Which made public an explicit transcript and if an apparent sexual encounter that occurred is fully weighted to vote on the house floor
While not attacking Haster by named the coalition to conservative groups called for a full investigation and said the GOP leaders
Most demanded resignation of any house member who would acted improperly in this manner
But another voice from the right focus focus focus focus on the family
Advocacy advocacy group decried the political tone that the controversy has triggered
Thank God there was neither that after Monica gave right right
Those truly interested in protecting children from online predators should just spend time less time calling for Haster to step down and more time
Demanding that suggested to government of forces existing laws. She said
Haster to said that representative John Shimkes Republican of Illinois who heads the board that oversees the congressional page program
Confredded Foley about a series of suggested emails Foley sent to that former page from Louisiana last fall and told him to stop emailing the young man cut it out cut the
Correct. That's it
Haster said no further action was taken because the email stopped and the teenagers parents wanted no publicity
Both after in Shimkes said they had no knowledge until I stridey of the explicit instant messenger conversations
Foley had been having with pages of for or former pages some as long as three years ago
How do you like that? I wonder is he using his phone is blackberry? What do you think all of the above all of these
1422 votes on the pull we're gonna top 1500 easy today on a Wednesday right after you
I'm keeping no less. I think that puts a real feather in our cap feather in our crap right
1422 I say no don't forget it's five o'clock. I don't want to keep reminding you but I just you know
I'll set a reminder because it's highly unlikely I don't see Eric don't have it up there yet
I don't want to get now push you with him but I just a little bit nervous because once the crispy cream donut survived at the house
He's useless the rest of the day
Isn't that what you hear through the right fine? I hear it through the chat box
1425 on a pool baby will have 15 by one o'clock God only knows what's gonna happen by two
Real Roger's 4th radio 560 issue
Okay, now there was another one of those false rejoins there in the middle of that break
And I'm getting really tired of those false rejoins
It wouldn't mind except for the fact that something really important to come back with like this
See what I mean
Oh
There is nothing
you
Sing
You don't have a show, going in a dope video.
Take it all.
Your ancient won't return any of your calls.
You won't fear at pastors of global war.
If you're hardly working and your career's in a swamp,
what do you do?
Don't get a handicap and show off your wrong.
You'll love the deeper.
If you've been forced to sell your house and your car,
you can't even get off dancing with the stars.
One way to go is an adult video.
You'll make an adult video.
Have a sense and parachute will pop up later.
That's what if you don't find anything like a pig,
what's the way to go?
Is an adult video?
A video?
A video?
If you want to make a movie contract to find,
go on in a website and put your film online.
You need some dope.
Go make an adult video.
Let's fall and show off.
One way to go is an adult video.
I tell you one thing, this is a story.
It's just starting to burst open.
What a bunch of bloggers is going to reveal the identity
of one of the boys, Congressman Mark Follett,
who communicated with the coin to Ross Story,
William Kerr of Passionate America,
whatever that is, has pledged to that Volsie information
at four o'clock, Central Time this afternoon, five o'clock.
He also plans on discussing the boys' identity on his radio show,
who the hell is William Kerr, and what the hell is Passionate America?
You know what it sounds like to me?
The same exact crap.
Right.
A press release issued by Kerr seems to quietly argue the boys
not a private person, priced indicating
that the information was discovered among publicly available material.
Ross, during other news organizations,
have been aware of the identities of some boys involved in the scandal,
since first receiving the now famous emails.
Some even fail to read that one boy's email address
from the messages published, none have, as yet,
deliberately identified any of the boys involved.
There is a possibility that this story will not be well received
by some of the major news media Kerr's release notes.
Mr. Kerr's evidence has been checked by many people to be accurate.
And what's that going to accomplish?
I don't know.
I'm urging the identity of the kids.
Well, what is that, you know, August probably increases audience
over the hell he is.
He probably can be found, right?
Is it not where you had the names and who we put them on here?
Maybe.
No.
What was that accomplished?
And then, of course, you got Miss Fudge, who's trying to say,
well, they were the ones, they were the evil doers.
They, these beasts, these 16 and 17-year-old beasts,
as in, you silly beasts.
Yeah.
What a fag.
God.
It's all their fault.
I bring you a pardon?
It's all their fault.
Yeah, it's all the kids fault, right?
They were those clothes, you know, those granables.
Andrew Gumbel, yeah, they were, they were, they were, they were, they were, they were, they're kneecaps
out of them, anybody, not the right side, yeah.
But there's Miss Folly.
Well, I would like to be bringing news, special reports this week on somebody who was humanity
and crime seems to have, oh my God.
Oh, my God.
It's all the, you know, the, you know, the international with this very stuffy British bitch.
Well, speaking of the British, the British independent, which is a great newspaper.
Andrew Gumbel writes, why is the U.S. gun culture in the news?
And the headline on the story is, the big question, can America ever be weaned off its love affair with guns?
No.
No.
Same old.
Right.
He says, this week, school shootings in Amish country, in which five children died are just the latest
and they seemingly never windings string of spectacitor mass murders to hit the headlines in the U.S.A.
Last week, a gunman in the Colorado Rockies burst into his school room and killed a student
before turning his weapon on himself.
Seven years ago, we had the bloodbath of Columbine High School.
We've had disgruntled ex-employee shooting up their former workplaces, shootings in fast food restaurants,
and a person who were in Fort Worth, Texas shooting up his local church.
Each time it happens, a panoply of reasons comes to the fore.
Gun control acts, this blame the phenomenon largely, if not wholly, on easy access to firearms.
Cultural conservatives like to blame Hollywood for its violent movies and video games.
Other frequently identified causes are the prevalence of anti-depressant prescriptions,
the peculiar alienation of new white suburbs, and the war perfect of the media.
There's no question that the gun culture is stepping back to the frontier spirit of the 19th century
and justified at least by gun owners or advocates by the second member of the Constitution,
plays a major role in perpetuating the high numbers of violent deaths.
In the U.S., there were roughly 17,000 murders a year of which about 15,000 are committed with firearms.
By contrast, Britain, Australia, and Canada combined, see fewer than 350 gun-related murders each year, combined.
And if not just about murder, the non-gun-related suicide rate in the U.S. is consistent with the rest of the developed world.
Factory in firearms and the rate is suddenly twice as high as the rest of the developed world. It's easy.
Children are affected especially hard and American youth is murdered with a firearm every four and a half hours on average,
and an American youth commits suicide with a firearm every eight hours.
It's worth remembering that may the most spectacular mass murders of recent years are really suicides,
with the perpetrators choosing to take few other people out with them while they were at it.
Gun control advocates argue they manage to carry out their murderous fantasies only because firearms give them the means to do so.
Any adult with a clean criminal record can buy a gun in the U.S. with relative ease.
Gun shops and dealers will conduct mandatory background checks, and produced them to the 1993 Brady Bill,
named after the White House press secretary James Brady was sitting disabled during the assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan, 81.
But dealers at gun shows poppins throughout the heartland, and widely advertised here on WQAM.
Our exempt from the federal law making it easy for criminals or children to lay their hands on whatever they want.
These semi-automatic tech nine machine pistols used by Harrison Klebold at Columbine were bought at a Colorado Gun Show.
Federal law, more generally a subject of constant pressure from the National Rifle Association, the powerful gun ownership lobby group,
which has the influence to run elected officials out of office that they dared to challenge its agenda.
That explains why a nationwide ban on semi-automatic assault weapons introduced during the Clinton administration
was allowed to expire on the eve of 2004 presidential election despite the abiding fear of how traitor sleepers cells,
possibly operating in the U.S. and planning another attack.
Not only did John Kerry, the Democratic candidate, not feel able to use this as a campaign issue against President Bush,
he felt obligated to tout his own gun-loving bona fidees for fear of losing key swing states such as Pennsylvania.
State by state gun control laws vary widely. California is relatively strict.
Colorado closed the gun show loophole in the way to Columbine and Oregon has followed suit.
Seven states have assault weapons bands and nineteen have laws making it a crime for gun owners to leave weapons in places where they might fall into the hands of a child.
Pennsylvania, with its hunting and shooting traditions, the movie Dear Hunter was set there as one of the worst gun control regimes.
The Brady campaign to prevent gun violence gave Pennsylvania a de-plus grade last year.
Donald Sutherland, the Canadian porn actor, once pointed out it's almost as easy to buy a gun in Canada as it is in the U.S.
Yet the incidents have gone related deaths in Canada is dramatically lower.
He argued that both countries have a frontier spirit only that the iconic figure of the Canadian West is the mounting law officer,
while the iconic figure of the American West is the outlaw, a cowboy.
Gangsters in Cremson, to get to have flourished in the U.S. and Hollywood has certainly done its bit to glamourize the empowerment of a man wielding a firearm.
Like Luca Brotzichini.
Even the most ardent gun control advocates will acknowledge there is more going on than just access to deadly weaponry.
Tom Mauser, or that mumzer, Tom Mauser will lost his son in the Columbine shooting and blame several other factors.
He sees a latent violence in the culture, spanning everything from television shows to the uncompromising rhetoric of talk radio to the eruption of road rage.
He also worries about alienation among young people, porporital oversight, and an adequate communication between school authority figures and students, especially in a suburban high school such as Columbine.
Park Deets, perhaps America's foremost criminal pro-final, believes that saturation media coverage of one mass murder will lead almost inevitably to an end.
Another mass murder within a couple of weeks. He told the independent recently, it's not that the news coverage made the person paranoid or armed or suicidally depressed, but you've got to imagine this small number of people sitting at home with guns on their lap and a hit list in their mind.
They feel willing to die. When they watch the coverage of a school shooting or workplace mass murder, it takes only one or two of them to say, that guy's just like me, and that's just a solution to my problem, that's what I'm going to do tomorrow.
The Amish country murders Veradisk, concerning similarity to last week's shootings in Bailey, Colorado. In both cases, the government released the boys in the room and attacked the girls.
Coincidence? Perhaps more a case of one high profile of end-triggering another. Is there a hope for an end to America's gun violence? He says, yes, with every high profile mass murder victims, advocates, and gun control, obviously, and more visibility and more influence.
Some would eventually will make the link to Homeland Security, while making it easy for al-Qaeda to require assault weapons. And yes, the numbers of American children who die in gun violence mean sooner or later the madness will stop. But no, Congress is enthralled with an NRA and is too scared to act.
The burst of reformist energy that followed column binders have cited, and the most recent mass murders have been greeted with resigned indifference, and the US media is too addicted to its regular real life horror show to want it to stop.
Yeah, this is these are reality shows, right? Isn't that what the big deal is now? Sure. He need reality shows. Baby shoot them up. Kill a few people. Let's see, American F and Way. See now I read that one story. Now I'm sure to do that. You know, be an MF here and an MF there and we'll go out and kill some people. That's right.
Now get that bleep ready, baby. Get ready. Get the joy meter ready. Bitch. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQM. Of course that I don't know why we're serious about gun control because going to shelter many might as well be farting into a window.
That's right. Farting into a tornado. You know, you know, hurricane. Speaking of hurricanes, it is the 4th of October. We got over a month to go for a hurricane season.
So isn't it about time you did something smart and so if you're stressing worry out of last minute, hurricane preparations, the hurricane shutters outlet manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and now even provides effort installation for you to if you like call them at 9 5 4 2 3 7 7 0 83.
They feature rule down to courtians and panels to just like the good folks at hurricane shut about let us to make even install or shut us for you call right now 9 5 4 2 3 7 7 0 83 get only way to top notch protection.
You'll never have to worry about it again. The hurricane shut about let family and operated license and shared in daybrow and Palm Beach County approved. They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your
respect and ready for pickup or delivery or like I said if you like that one stall and for you to the public and all contractors are welcome major credit cards accepted and if you mentioned my name tell them ancient needle cinchify.
They'll give you a hundred bucks off a minimum order of 350 square feet. Hurricane shutters outlet call 9 5 4 2 3 7 7 the 83 or just log on to their website.
Hurricane shutter outlet dot com.
The biggest name of the best talent is the raw trash for 305 60.
Hurricane loves to watch boobs and butts and biting.
Like savages within you with bare boobs and they made their ball debut.
Hot chest can't watch the view.
For some of their guests look a little bit shell shot.
Can't sneak in a word. For example, with batty wives on the show she got so nervous she left behind the turd booth.
It was a calming clash but now it's a steel cage match.
It went from peaceful to a way having fast.
Need a bulletproof belt. It's like a fence.
It's a chest. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it.
Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it
Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it. Watch it
My name is Deon грagged because my name is Deon грagged because my name is Deonrall horas. My name is my name is Deonrall hours. My name is Deonrall stars and my name is Dianna Bill , my name is Bill Marake . I'm the father. mom same name ma com size
when you're pregnant with your wife. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom years in 후� deinen . Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mom. impact on echoes. Adding for old stuff. healing for suscalousary blocks. rewardsull literature.꽝.
they is undoubtedly over how big the responsible employees bonus should be
neck you
icey in a few thousand
it's a subliminal thing you know they realize a lot of stupid people out
there so they just put it on the screen democrat of florida people are
all gee i didn't realize that he's a democrat
always just the uh...
closet queen was out of the closet now
is where once you know that he's a gay man
uh...
all of it's a few and two gay these days
i know what is feeling
all of the other picture looks to be like he's feeling something
and what about this book about those wrestlers
all of the argument here
you don't know that he was a rassler in the middle of something
that he had a friend who was uh... big into it
well i'd stay the hell away from him
michael macarthe environmental editor of the independent rights for a lot
of stuff from the britain dependent thank god there's at least one or two
papers in the world
and most of our in the u.s.a
the century of drought i mentioned this to george before and he just like
and we don't care we have to look at what it here yeah like we care about drought
well
if it's a bunch of droughts one place that means it'll be gigantic plus
elsewhere you know what i'm saying i want to say names
a third of the plan will be it desert by the year twenty one hundred
say climate experts in the most their warning in the effects of global warming
a third of the whole panel be desert
and then the food and slot machines of the like you want to go far to go to
vegas the hotel here that's right
droughts right in the lives of millions will spread across half the land of the
earth in the coming century because of global warming according to predictions
from britain's leading climate scientists
which certainly would not be like to say those things in the u.s.a.
they'd be lined up and uh...
taken out for dinner
extreme drought which in which agriculture is in effect impossible
will affect about a third of the plan according to study from the
met office happily center for climate prediction research
and one of the it's one of the most therefore cast so far the potential effects
of rising temperatures around the world yet it may be an underestimate
the scientists involved say yesterday
the findings released the climate clinic at the conservative party conference
in born mouth
through astonished and this made reactions from eight agencies and development
specialists
who fear that the poor development countries will be worst hit at your twenty one
hundred that's like ninety four years from now will all be dead
this is genuinely terrifying said and repellent in the christian aid
it's a death sentence for many millions of people
it'll mean migration off the land at levels we haven't seen before
and levels for countries cannot cope with
one of britain's leading experts on the effects of climate change and the
developing countries and recent from the
new economic foundation said there is no almost no aspect of the developing
countries that these predictions don't undermine
the ability to grow food the ability to have a safe sanitation system
the availability of water
for hundreds of millions of people from getting through the days already a
struggle this is going to push them over a precipice
the findings represent the first time that the threat of increased
drought from climate change has been quantified with a
super computer climate model such as the one operated by the hadley center
their impact is likely to even be greater because the findings may be
ununderestimate the state did not include potential effects on drought from
global warming induced changes to work carbon cycle
and one on published net office study when the carbon cycle effects are
included
future drought is even worse
the results of regarded as most valid at the global level
but the clear implication is that the parts of the world are already stricken by
drought such as Africa will be the places where the projected increase will have
the most of your effects
the study models how a measure of drought known as the Palmer drought
severity index is likely to increase
global global during the coming century with predicted changes in rainfall and
heat around the world because of climate change
it shows the pds I figure for moderate drought currently at 25% of the earth
surface
rising to 50% by 2100
the figure for severe drought currently at about eighty eight percent
rising to forty percent
the figure for a streamed out currently three percent rising to
thirty percent
by 2100
and like I said will all be dead
and it goes on and on about all the horrible things are going to be happening
why should we carry on about people's children grandchildren stuff like that
right everybody always talks a good game
oh what you know what's the legacy we're going to leave for our children here
right
audio hetero is out there making babies man it's really it's
tragic
am I right
absolutely
I mean this folder said it looks almost like I have a chance at it
we'll treat him with tender loving care is that what he said kid gloves
haha
he said he treated the kid with blood yeah
rubber gloves I'm surprised you have the gloves on when he went to his
a super computer there oh there he is
laying on hands or just laying on that the kid says relax then it's just
teaching the kids to wrestle and try the donuts with the sprinkles
pick up you could that we got fifteen hundred four votes on the pool
and for dual fineberg as eaten donuts by the by the fist pool
yes
on the
to
school
program
that everyone to replane to the station
