Rogers guy
Holy
I don't know why I came here tonight I
Got the feeling that something around
Put on a armor curtain don't take it off
You can see your rap I say my little song
Must to the left of me
Puzzles to the right here I am stuck in a temple with you
You feel
I'm stuck in a temple with you
And I'm wondering what it is I should do
I don't want to pray at the way that I want
And I know that I don't like my football
Smokes to the left of me
Puzzles to the right here I am stuck in a temple with you
Well you're in your daddy's business
But you claim that you're with self-made man
Then your uncle's father comes over
Ask your poor, a bagel and crew
And crew
And crew
Okay let's start out with a great call QAM
Hello? Yes?
Yeah I was just trying to call in the final
The money ready gone is what the money what money?
I would show that you are loving today
The show that we're having on the money
Yeah for the bomb what you calling?
Bomb your ass bomb a rack yeah the bomb a rack
Yeah I wish you want how much you want the bomb a rack
How much cash you want for million
Yeah I don't know how much I'll give it to you
How about how about 50 cents?
How about 50 cents?
How about 30 cents?
I have to leave it a little bit more than that
Okay well listen we'll see if we can raise it for you
10 or 5 or 5 or 6 or no crossover with a Humper today
Because he's got bigger fish to fry than me
I'll tell you that so must be an awful big fish
Maybe it's a trout or a sturgeon
Or a big sturgeon could be
Maybe a sturgeon from Sturgis, Michigan
I lived there you don't want to be living there
Although they had this great, not a great restaurant
It was a restaurant side of a hotel
Before they had the best New England clam chowda
Other than New England, man it was good
Used to make that my whole lunch man go there and get a
And they give you like a big bowl you can almost take a bath in it
Look at the way these cones are smoking man
Alster Coway's dead the war is over everything's okay
Everybody's coming home not
In fact 12 people were killed and 20 others wounded
In a roadside bombing at a crowded market in San Pistons bagged ad
Jadid neighborhood according to an official with bagged ad for the least today
A second roadside bomb 30 minutes earlier
Lot of men say they've hood targeted in Iraqi police patrol
Two civilians were killed there and eight police wounded in the incident
These attacks came on the same day as US and the networks are hyperventilating
And there's your fearless leader into putting him out of business
He put him out of business man he gave him what four Alzar Coway
We'll see him no more they got pictures of him with his eyes closed
So he's either dead or maybe he's taken a nap
He's dead
US and Iraqi authorities announced that terrorist leader Abou Musab Alzar Coway
The most wanted man in Iraq was killed in a coalition air strike
Al-Rai! Al-Rai!
So how is Osama doing?
We got him yet?
And how about Mollabala Omar?
No
No, don't got them yet
We got the Sodom locked up, of course he didn't have nothing to do with any of this
But nevertheless
In fact when he was in there there wasn't all these terrorists running around killing all these innocent people
Plus our soldiers
But nevertheless don't start peeing on their parade man
They are just emotionally wound up like an alarm clock
The parade is very terrible
There's gonna be a parade
They're doing an apple crisp there
Already TV and air all over the world
At least bush and glare anyway
Oh look at that
Olga Morera
How am I gonna read this?
The prettiest tiny thing in my life
Like a scotty
Tried to thwart the devil Olga did but death cut up further anyway
Oh no
Morera 77, debout Catholic from the Jamaica section of Queens
Purfosely chose to go from
Go home from Fitzburg for a doctor's appointment today before June 6th to avoid traveling on the dreaded day of the devil
666 yesterday
She had a fear of what might happen on 666
She was a very religious Catholic woman
She had a feeling that something was gonna go wrong
She must have left her rosary beads behind
Maybe that's it
Oh that's what a granddaughter said
And Nira Ledema of Fitzburg
This print is tiny and also
But anyway
Morera however died before she could brave the very day that she feared
How do you like that?
About 314 money after noon
The express van Morera had booked for her trip home
Gave way from its park position
Started to roll down the street and struck a park car
Two passengers including Morera were ejected through the open van door
I thought she was a good Catholic
Lord wouldn't do that to her
No
Morera suffered to her head travel when her head hit the ground and later she died
Have you mass medical center in Worcester?
Ramon Herbees, who runs the Worcester based New York City Express van
Service didn't return to call Seagun Commett
She was 77 and she wasn't sick not taking medication
Nothing was wrong with her Ledema said
Maybe she suffered from a demon
Morera a seamstress who moved to New York from Ecuador
A seamstress 32 years ago from Ecuador
She will be buried this Saturday in Fitzburg where her son Antonio lives
For other two children, Yolanda and Gato Freddie
What does that say?
I can't read it
Is that what it says?
Galo Freddie may not be able to attend a funeral service because they can't afford to travel from Ecuador
Wow what the hell is it to make? She won't care
She didn't want to travel on that specific date
She wanted to feel safe at home said LaDema
We felt that was the safest way to get her back
Well they got her back but you know in a box
I think that's exactly what they had in mind or maybe this is what they had in mind
Pretty gril and pretty grotesque host to show you
You can't start to strategize and start thinking too much it's a bad idea
I think it's worth it that crossover thing with the Humphor is starting to get the little iffy
You know are we just dumping that now or what?
We just, especially with the summer schedule coming up
I think that'd be a good idea to just stuff that all together
Oh I'm sorry I was listening to a song in Cuba
WK
QAM hello
Who's ready for him?
WKWAM hello
I got my bus pack
Yeah okay got it WKWAM hello
Hey how you doing?
Alright
Man I just called the earlier Metro PCF hang up on me
I was fine to see if I win anything
Or if I could win anything
Yeah no no the answer is no
WKWAM hello he's gonna be calling on there
That's okay
Turn that off pal yes
Yeah it's about to be the free case religious people
I write a motorbike where he's going out in the full dangerous
You get hurt and last week of the week of the show I'm out in this guy I ride with
You made the sign the cross before he went out
Oh my god Jesus you know he's a good guy and we got a car
Jesus is right that's you should have said that a few times
Oh Jesus can't hurt
So he went out and he comes back
And he's the only one that ate his wife's gotten wrecked
And the reason the cross
Oh that's because Jesus was pissed off
He don't go for that motor sport car
And if I see you out there I'll go out on a kicker ass
I heard you had motorcrosser
Okay get him for Jesus man
And kick his ass for Jesus and go away already
Here's the poll we have for me yesterday
Who's your favorite dead singer?
Oh this could take us right up till midnight
Let's take a look at that schedule first
What day is it Thursday?
We got jelly at the NBA final
In Dallas real less
I beg your pardon only Thursday?
Yeah damn it seems like Sunday already
Mad Dog 4-7
We have no Marlon Salvatges to game out of that
Series South have actually Josh is pretty impressed by that
I bet you very bonds didn't know home run
I actually don't know I didn't get to see the game
Well they Marlon's beat me to one
I know that I saw that
Well I'm just telling you that I don't know
They could have been there only one
One more tally than Edmonton got against Carolina last night
One more tally
Nothing
Oh dude I didn't see that
I was busy getting my money back from my machine
And I did most of it again
I'm the comeback kid
Old kid but let's see
Mad Dog 4-7
Seven and I and we got QI was opening tip with Curtis
Where he didn't tense it baby
Oh yeah we don't have the game
And anybody with a brain that cares about to be watching on TV
And we got the opening tip man
And we got the heat we wanted after the game
And in the middle of the game and under the game
And over the top, Curtis at 9-10
That's after the opening tip with Curtis
Just playing a little Curtis 9-10
Eddie K at 10 then at midnight
And he rewind with Eddie K as opposed to just playing Eddie K from 10 to midnight
Got that very heat intensive
Because tonight is that big game man in Detroit
I'm telling you one thing
The Edmonton orders are going to rude the fact that they gave away
At first game the glue of three nothing
They gave it away and at greasy go
They're going to rude the fact that's the end of them
Who is your favorite dead singer
John Lennon wins hands down everybody's pants 239
Bob Marley 153
That's just, it makes me want to gag a little bit
Jim Morrison 119
Elvis 93
Freddie Mercury 79
Roy Orbison Roy the boy 69
That's what they say in gay country
Roy the boy
Frank Sinatra 67
Mark M. Gay 66
Johnny Cash 61
Jimmy Henry 58
Kurt Cobain 53
George Harrison 47
I hate this pull 41
That's a good number right in the middle
Jim Krochi 40
Frank Zappa 37
Pat C. Clien she still walk in after midnight
34
Karen Carpenter 32
Janice Joplin
But Karen should probably
She should have gone to Vegas
She was a California girl anyway
She would go on to Vegas and eat them but phase a little bit less right
Janice Joplin 31
Here regards Cia 26 could he sing or what?
Oh, not a lick
Maybe he could lick man
But Cia Cruz 21
Nacking Cole 18
Rick Nelson 18
Tyward Nacking Cole
I think actually was the same guy just in blackface
Buddy Holly 17
Very white 15
2 pack 13
2 pack
Bobby Darren Levin
Notorious B.I.G. 11
Luther Van Ross 11
Mama Cass Elliott 7
Who did not choke on a ham sandwich
It was actually for strome on rye
Sam Cook 6
We find a guy that'll straighten out old dirty that five
David Ruffin 3
Billy Preston 3
And Eddie Kendrick 480
Out of 1500 plus votes
Only got Solimented Dose
Solimented Tonto Duet
Actually impressed with my linguistics
That you're a real linguine
Yeah, a real linguine is right
1013 at 560 W.K.M.
We're going to take a lot of calls today
Man, we're going to be very heavy phone call intensive
Maybe that guy can win a prize
Let's give him $50 million
What do you say?
What do you think?
The beesleys got it
Coffee, all right
Yeah, we'll just auction some stuff off on the QM website
You know, add that new revenue stream
Exotic Amami Beech is fun and exciting venue for the public
To purchase the hottest new products and services from the adult industry
Oh my god
Need adult stars including Jenna Jamison and the club Jenna girls
Tara Patrick and lots more
Take pictures you can brag about for your shop for something sexy
And the largest adult marketplace on these coast
Enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from
The committee's styleings of Ron Jeremy
He is a hoot
To a 50 in person male and female group group performance
Enjoy hours of entertainment
There's burlesque hot body contest and more
Whatever way you decide to sell about your sexiness
Enjoy it with Exotic at the Mami Beech Convention
Center promises to be a memorable experience
Go to their website exoticamami.com
That's triple likes of course three X's exotica
Miami.com buy your tickets there
Check out who's coming and get in for one nightly after parties
Exoticamami.com tomorrow Friday, June 9th through Sunday 11th
In other words this weekend at the Mami Beech Convention Center
Must be 18 over with valid ID and they'll check your shoe size
And got to renews what else exotica Mami Beech a celebration of sexy
This is an Apple Blossager
UFFhamilis is 5.60 qu an
Dan
This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rodgers
Haw Bop Bop Bop There's
BROCH
ROCH TOW BOP Bop Bop There's
A rulers top of the raalley
Haw Bop There's
a fighter angel
Abe of the war
retrospect
Ty топ her
Bob Bob there are!
Louder as a way to retaliate
We can wipe that smile of the devil
God is his thunder and a fire
Bob Bob there are!
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob
Alright!
We're developing a trap
In a start we've been affected by
Bob Bob Bob Bob there are
Oh!
Give them what they want
You see the greasy smile
It's a nerve up to be with Google
Pray!
Bob Bob there are!
Bob Bob there are!
Bob Bob there are!
Strictly open their breath
They're starting to get a catch
Bob there are!
Bob Bob Bob there are!
Bob Bob there are!
Bob there are!
Bob there are!
Oh man it's all over now
We got Alzerr Coway
He's dead in that adornio
My God!
Hope you do not like that
He's dead in the meanie
Of course they're just there
They're doing that
They're doing happy days are here again
They got all the al Smith back out
They dug up his body
The happy warrior Al Smith
Remember Al Smith 1928?
No
I'm sure you don't
Remember Al Jolson?
How about the Hebert Hoover?
Who?
Hebert
500 run votes on today's pool
We're not going to get to that 1000
I don't think because we've got a very late start
I didn't put the pool up there till about 1 a.m.
I had to come home from finally cracking open that machine mine
With a crowbar
I'd like to take a shotgun to it
501
Which of these issues do you care most about?
The economy
You know we have to add to this abortion rights
Do it it now
Don't you think that's a movie important?
Not really
Not really as important as them
Fag marriages
Let's see the economy 135
The war in Iraq 132 although now it's going so swimmingly well
Although their bodies all over the place
But nevertheless
At least one of them's Al Zarqawi
Legalizing pot 52 a distant third
That's your crowd
Education 52
Freedom of speech 51
Oh that's gone now
I voted
I told you that in decency
You think passed overwhelming
We'll get to that later on
It's in my pile
Although I do want to take 40,000 calls today
We've got to get a lot of calls
Illegal immigration 48
I hate this poll only 19
They like it
Well kind of
Game marriage only 9
1.7%
And flag burning only 3
Half a 1%
That's going to be their next deal now
These far-bison right wingers
Bring in all like they call them the wedges
You know they're wedging it
They're hedging it
They're wedging it
And now they're going to be all over this Al Zarqawi thing
Like stink on Norma
It's going to be unbelievable
Speaking of Norma
Cuba breaks taboos with National gay soap opera
Do you see this story?
Nope
Well, you will
You'll hear it now
Notice up the date on the Cuban news as you are
Well you better get with it
Talk to Miguel Avada
He knows about his gay Cubans
Once persecuted then excluded
And finally tolerated
Cuban homosexuals have seen the delicate
What is that?
Oh the debate
Open a lot
I can't read this
I wrote it myself
Because it chopped off on the edge
And they've seen the debate open wide before the rise over the past few weeks
Open wide
Now stay run Cuban television is breaking even more taboos with a gay soap opera
How do you like that?
Oh my god
So the first time ever Cuban television is running a soap opera where several of the characters openly
Gay
The hidden side of the moon
Is the title
Oh you're bad
Always think something intriguing is something really
Yeah
Rusem and Grotesque
I wonder what kind of moon that is
Talk to the world
Oh no
The hidden side of the moon is the title of the soap opera that's generated so much controversy among Cuban viewers
That the institute of radio and TVA state run entity had to preempt regular program
And invite a panel of experts to call for tolerance
Come those bastards down
Madi con madi con buka rawm baba ba ba ba
We just like being in them
Well, a sweet water again
The soap opera tells the story of people that by different means have been infected by HIV
Not everyone agrees with the notion that the soap will help Cuban society be more aware of diversity and become more tolerant
Well, anything would be an improvement
Abraham Bueno
A gay who regularly turns into a female character named Imperial
Or there we go again
All the drag queens all the time
I believe that while the new soap opera did give entry to homo's on homosexuals on television,
it didn't necessarily help their image.
Well, I'm sure that he's doing lots of doing it.
That's by dressing up in drag all the time.
All the drag queens all the time.
You're fair, old brother.
Madi-Kol and Madi-Kol and Boo-Yadon, etc. and so on.
Yeah, what do you think about?
Let's take a vote now.
I say let's get rid of it.
It's just going to be kind of ridiculous now, you know?
Allo, it does fit in with the rest of the programming on this radio station.
It kind of like in fits and starts, you know?
Sometimes we do and sometimes we don't.
Sometimes he'll do it and a lot of times he won't.
I just tired of it, you know?
Let's start at 10.
We went through all that business with a stern thing, you know?
When we were starting whatever the hell he felt like finally giving it up and going home.
And I think we started at 10.
Enough with that crap.
Okay?
Okay.
Well, no, because you know, I'm not going to repeat what you said before the show.
I'm not going to repeat what you said before the show either.
I'm going to go ahead.
I really go.
I see one thing about me.
I'll say it on the air and off the air as opposed to you.
Or always like, you know, pussy-footing around.
That's right.
You make it up.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I know.
Just like all that crap about destroying our studio all the time.
We just trouble making it all.
Oh yeah, I understand.
As parents, I'll tell you.
That's right.
You just make that stuff up.
You know, this meeting that's going to take place tomorrow with Norma Kent and the
two of the trauma with their Clarence Deereau and Joe Bell.
I'd like to be a fly on the wall on that.
Because they talk about the blind leading the blind.
I'm only the three of them.
They haven't got any idea what this is showing us all about, what our issues are.
And they have it a big meeting.
They're going to have a, and yesterday the house passed that in Dezancy Bill.
So now it's, you know, they'll get the final thing all ironed out.
And it'll go to Bushnell sign it so fast that your eyes won't be able to blink.
And so now, if you think we were under tremendous pressure before, just wait.
You ain't seen nothing yet, boys and girls.
You just wait.
It is going to be so clean and pristine and mean.
It's going to be beyond belief.
We won't, not only won't be able to play fart sounds on you.
We won't even be able to fart in our personal lives.
You think we're out.
We're done.
I think they're putting in the contract.
That's part of the insubordination clause.
If you fart, you're out.
WQIM, hello.
It's coming back.
WQIM, hello.
It puts Albert, how are you in the bath?
Yes.
WQIM, hello.
Okay, those are our three calls for that segment.
I tell you, we're going to take a lot of calls today.
If you got them, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, when they least expected, you put the pressure on them and they can't come through.
It's always been this way, although it never quite this way, you know?
No, never quite this way.
Like it is on this radio station.
I've been doing this a long, long time.
It's never quite, but this is the Q&F in a way where we are getting here.
Oh, man.
I just got the ass end of this studio, you know?
Yes, go on, though.
There's Tony Snow on there with his little swastik on his arm band, doing his Deutschland
uberalus thing.
Alzura Coway's dead.
That's Eastern time here.
The car.
Baba, baba, baba.
Oh, yeah.
Don't hug the car, baby, now, Tony.
Don't squeeze too tight.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Trying to find another way on the show yet.
If what?
If I could win any money today, I'm trying to find it.
No, the answer is no.
Do not call again.
If you call one more time, we're going to send Luca Bratzie to your house to kill you.
How's that?
Don't ever call us again and we will break your neck.
Get out of here, you idiot.
Call us anytime you want.
WQIM, hello.
Check.
Check this.
Check in the mail.
QIM, hello.
No.
Yeah.
What about the chair of Randy Fedend?
What happened to what?
That chair of Randy Fedend.
What ever happened to it?
They're resuming it right now.
And your body.
Schmuck.
Boy, these people talk about living in the past.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I know what his favorite group is, the ink spots.
Well, he thought they were ink spots, anyway.
26 after 10 at 5.60.
I think all calls today, I got a huge big pile of really important stuff here.
I'm not going to waste my time with it.
That will probably get you all depressed.
I can save it for tomorrow.
Yeah, whatever.
Plus, you're on vacation next week anyway.
Oh, good.
So, we came to that. I'm on vacation and we're sliding into the summertime.
There's nobody around.
There's nobody in town.
No.
You're just kidding.
You're just kidding.
You know, as it was, we were playing about a third of a deck.
Now it's like about a tenth of a deck.
We got about 5.2 cards.
Well, there's that picture of Alza Kaui sleeping.
The eyes are closed.
You think, you know, he's laying out there under a blanket out in the desert.
Don't you look peaceful there?
Yeah, yeah.
He looks in pieces there.
And of course, you know that now that he's dead, he won't be any more killing in the orange
fridge and so on.
He's all over with everything.
No, everything's going to be peaceful.
Although I do wonder about all those other people who died this morning after he got
fucked up.
Well, they guessed it.
I guess the message hadn't gotten enough.
That's right.
That's right.
That now we're all going to be peacemakers.
Blessed are the peacemakers.
Remember, you know, I allow wallets to do that.
Mm-hmm.
Just before we eat the canola.
Hey, if you love voting, who the hell doesn't, man?
It's a real hoot to get out there in the water and you really ought to.
But don't go spending a lot of money to buy a boat because the price and the maintenance
of it and all the grief that goes along with it is just unbelievable.
Just during hurricane season alone, just think of the possibilities.
Instead of that called club.co and enjoy the water the easy way, one 800 boat rent.
Why pay the expenses of boat ownership when you can rent one totally hassle free?
Throw in the club.
The club.
The club.
The club.
The club.
The club.
It's a smart way to go.
Call 1-800-BOT-RENT.
No getting the boat ready because club.co does it for you.
No cleaning up either because the club.co just hop on your boat.
Go out there and just have a spectacular time when you're done pulling to the dock.
Get off and just run away.
It's that easy.
You know, take care of all the other business.
Not a code call 1-800-BOT-RENT from an unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats to
the charters and everything in between.
It's club.co.co.
Call 1-800-BOT-RENT to let club.co tailor plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today this smart way by calling club.co at 1-800-BOT-RENT.
This is meal.
Roger.
We could go to the next.
This is 5.69.
8.
8.
8.
8.
8.
8.
8.
8.
8.
8.
10.
Four fingertips, three fingers, two fingers, one side twisted and q folded.
Munna populia Terraniro free rockas near fire untucked woody sweet cl 我是 of
hammer saw with cotton away wood, three i axereating herbivores, three sammits duynephyl and
two держito problema di patoτien Brandeaumuhoho
Vent такое marongoing
Pass you hごar,
Get your hand like a friend, think quickly, walk the way.
They had Joe, go to five-six-oh with ratings and the toilet mold to get those
Playings for cold moans in order and control.
And then so, Gully, Rolly, Joe above you and him the note he lets moan.
Go and hear what blows, Gully, his own Joe.
He'll make the big change and read a range.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
Oh, what goes on the air at two?
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue out of four.
My platycentially blows for all radio.
But he ends of five-six-oh, Gully, Rolly, Joe.
All right.
10, 34, 5, 60, WQAM, happy Thursday to him.
And we can start in the role along not too fast.
We were bitchin' before.
So if you're talking about a month, it's already the eighth of June.
Yeah, I think mark it down right now and write it on your wrist.
We're not doing any more crossovers, which also includes you on the summer schedule.
We're all through with that. The show starts at 10.
Let's at least between 10 and 2 start having some continuity.
I do.
Some consistency like the show starts at 10 and ends at 2.
Almost every day. Yesterday I apologized and went about 15 seconds over.
And why not just they chopped this off real faster?
Like they might not have been able to say one more time.
That's right. You don't want to spill over.
I'm always so prompt, man. You could set your life on the atomic clock when we get down to two o'clock.
Just about every day.
Depending course, sometime they throw.
In fact, you know what else are they doing?
Remember we had the big debate about these lengthy rejoins and these promos that go on for like some of them 42nds, some of them almost a minute.
So it takes basically the formative break and it makes it into a five minute break.
So based on the way parents is programming us, we got like instead of, you know,
it would be like having four or five minute newscasts an hour.
Think of that CKLW documentary.
You know, there used to be one five minute newscast on stations that didn't use.
And then that was a lot.
You know, that caused a lot of tune out.
Like when stations used to be CBSF-related and carry CBS news at the top of the hour, five minutes.
Now so basically we got the equivalent of four five minute newscasts based on the way clearances butchering this thing.
So we don't have any time to waste.
So nothing personal unless somebody wants to take it that way.
But we're going back to a 10 o'clock start.
And everybody, you know, they're all on their own. They got their own agenda.
It's like everybody's got their own radio station kind of, you know what I mean?
Oh yeah.
They've got their own thing and they run schedule and if they got something more important to do,
then we'll see them in a few days and hope that they feel okay and don't need too many below any sandwiches.
Stuff like that.
Although of course, you know, if we just had Ira on here a few more times, I think that would put us over the top.
We'd get back to those great numbers we used to have once upon a time.
I think we alien into the audience because we don't have Ira on this show.
He's on every other show.
Well, that's all your fault, you know.
And probably also Tony for Antino and Eric Reed who talks to his teeth and all kind of like the spokesman.
Not quite as much patuny, you know.
When you're near the spokesman, you have to like keep towering yourself off because he has spitter.
He is a spitter.
That's Brian Murray.
They're spokesman, man.
You better know your spokesman, Mr. because you sure as hell don't.
I don't.
You better know BM.
In fact, what I heard is you already knew it this morning.
That's right.
Colleagues life.
The way to hear this.
This is a, see, a coast of Shoei, man. I'm going back to college.
Colleagues life isn't just about drinking beer.
In a rare instance, Apple computer, Inc's iconic iPod music player surpassed beer drinking as the most in thing among undergraduate college students according to the latest biennual market research study.
Any other item on list that also included text messaging, bar hopping and download and music.
I'm sure they didn't put getting laid on there, but why would they do that?
You know, you're a go study.
I'm just telling you right now, MP3 players are like for little kids like elementary school.
That's what an iPod is.
And Sony bought, no, it is not.
Okay.
An iPod is not an MP3 player.
Okay.
I have an MP3 player.
It's for all people like her and me.
It's for all cards like us, but it's an MP3 player.
What do you think it does?
Now, what do your wife hate you like?
Poison and wishes you would croak a wicked death.
This year, drinking beer and Facebook.com, a social networking website,
we're time for second most popular.
With 71% of students identifying them as in, Facebook.com.
I never heard of that before.
It's like my space.
Oh, well, that we know about that thing.
Okay.
I close me at his iPod laying right there on his public.
Student monitor conducted survey week of March 6, interviewing full-time undergrad students at 100 US colleges.
Yadi-adiya.
They did not ask them about whether getting laid.
I just, I don't want it.
I guess I'm not fooling anybody on that count.
Hey, listen, nothing is great.
What, your shaver?
Every two days I use that baby.
That thing I got, whatever that is.
That's sharp cutter, razor, shaver, against the sharp knife.
In fact, you know something if I were there right now, you'd say,
the thing I'm not, because I would probably find a sharp knife like that machete
and do like a Stephen Harper on your head.
My team before 11 a.k.w.M. the summer season is approaching fast.
That means it must be close to Father's Day and you want to know what it's a week from this Sunday.
Come on up Sunday, June 18.
We all know what dads like to do on their big day.
And when they're through doing that and maybe before they're doing that, they'd love to eat.
It's time to call the melting pot, make your reservation for Father's Day.
Do something great this year for your Father.
The melting pot is a fantastic, unique fondue restaurant.
And this is their famous cheese and chocolates.
They serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours.
Party on praise from Sena Kuttele Minyantu, Black and Shrimp, Teriyaki Surla, and Torg Lopster and more.
And it's not just a meal.
It's like an experience when you go there because you're dipping and dunking and eating and the smiling and laughing.
The melting pot, in fact, you can take your iPod with you.
The melting pot definitely serves serious food for serious appetite.
Nobody walks out of there hungry.
They waddle out of there with a big smile on their face and a big fat puppet.
They also have an award winning and wine list to boot.
And don't forget the melting pot's famous desserts, man.
When dad dips that into the chocolate, he'll just go nuts. He'll be go ballistic.
Guarantee to put a big smile on his push.
So make that call today.
Make your reservations and invite dad to dip into something different and delicious.
A real fantastic experience at the Velting Pot restaurant near you.
A full four-course gift for dad from you.
And when you call to make those reservations, be sure until the cranky old meal, Torg Lidikal.
There's a melting pot and coral springs in Boka, Fort Lauderdale, North Miami Beach, Cooper City, and of course in highly congested Kendall.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5'16 QAX.
And a lot like hot little boy.
Tom Hanks stars in a film that will shake the very foundation of the Western world.
The Gump Code.
The tone of the painting, Gump, Death Plane, Super.
It's stupid as as Super does, sir.
Does the Gump Code reveal a secret, secret bloodline?
I'm not a smart man.
I'll know what that is. That's the wise of baby Jesus.
Exposing the truth can be a dangerous thing.
If all's not mistaken, I think that all bottom-hand was trying to kill me.
Run for it, run!
Okay.
Does that all bottom-hand get contagious?
Will history be changed forever?
History's like a box of chocolates.
You never know what you're gonna get.
The truth lies in the Gump Code.
And that's all I got to say about that.
It's 10.46. Well, is he an actor?
What? He is just dynamic.
Oh, yeah. Although I do have a poll I'm thinking for tomorrow about overrated TV stars, we've never done that.
We can do overrated actors and actresses to do something more like TV people, like Seinfeld, Tim DeBulk, Vanna.
Vanna, by the way, just turned 88 and by the way she refuses to get on the plane with Cancer and Harris this weekend.
She's got a premonition that something horrible is gonna happen.
And the Republicans are hoping that she's right.
Oh, yeah.
There was that article I had there that she's been described as a pariah by the Republican Party, Cancer and Harris.
They don't want her to run.
She's looking at a Chinaman's chance in purgatory, but nevertheless she's a stubborn bitch.
I'm probably jet-promised to her anyway, you know.
For help and fix her, 2000.
5.670560, let's get these phones on fire, baby.
Let's get with it.
I realize it's the dog days. It's the getting to be the middle of June already.
There are only about 400 people left in town and they're not too happy about it anyway, but they ain't got any money to get out of town.
Like you guys.
5.670560 and pound 560 and they've Verizon and Singular Wireless Live.
When you need them the most, they're not there.
Just remember that all summer long. Keep that one away.
You know what?
I know all about it.
Oh, and when you don't want them the most then they are there.
You know, it's where I catch my grief on that.
When you're just monologuing into all the lines and line up like, what the hell do these people do?
Yeah, exactly. That happens all the time.
When our 6-minute delay case is up there and they get onto this thing and we're going to be taking a lot of calls, then they're going to be foaming.
You'll see. Like this one here. WQAM.
Hey!
Ah, huh? Statolia.
I could smell it.
Many miles away.
Now you tell me that's a Gilbert Jr. that's an imitator?
That is an imitator.
Oh, well, so what's that all about?
He's got a fan club. What can I tell you?
Does he really?
Well, I'm sure that he and the guy with the eyes and the guy with the yellow teeth, I'm sure they probably hang out together as a fatty pack guy with a fanny bag right in the course.
Yeah, all that crowd.
Not to mention what's his name up there, Port St. Loosely.
Oh, no, they're not saying.
Oh, don't even say that.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is.
I think about it. He'll be on I know.
And of course, what's his name in Hollywood?
Uh-huh.
Or them all that crowd.
See, one thing about doing this in this market and on this station especially,
more so than any place else I've ever even dreamed of working is that once you get rid of the first group of, uh,
Luntex, there's a whole another new one like the guy who wants to know how much money he's gonna win.
Not at least he's at least at least a change.
Yeah, I enjoy him a little bit a little bit.
Probably up to this next hour.
I'll probably get tired of him, but they're like a series.
It doesn't matter how many you blow up.
That's right.
Like that Abuza al Zal Al Zarqawi guy.
You blow up on service and there's a hundred thousand more waiting in line to take their place to be the next big hero.
WQAM, hello.
That was a good one. QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Long time.
A couple of times.
Anyway, listen, I finally got some, uh, broadband from my mobile over here.
So I can actually respond to your poll.
Like, uh, I do have a question for you.
Do you guys have, like an email site where I can send you some crap once in a while?
No.
No.
Okay.
No, you can email the George.
George, what is it?
NeilRajas.com.
George.
George.
George.
I'll read it without reading it.
I'll delete it without reading it.
Right.
All right.
Okay.
By the way, speaking of emailing, don't email me that stuff anymore because my, uh, my email outfit is blocked it.
Okay.
I'll just send it to the other person.
Don't.
Yeah.
That's right.
Do it the other way.
Yeah.
Don't be, uh, don't be sent to me.
No, uh, you know, stuff on my, I don't want to get crap on my computer.
Got it.
I got it because probably the RCMP and the Gotterwin knows what else, you know.
Probably be a whole bunch of subversive lunatics running around here.
Oh my god.
He's got all kinds of, yeah, right.
I got news for him, man.
This studio is clean and pristine for the old queen.
WQI am, hello.
Yes, sir.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, tell me.
How are you able to be physically recognized after being blown up with two 500 pound bombs?
It was like, actually, he looks pretty good for a guy that just got blown up.
That is a good point.
I think they better check him for freezer burn.
Yeah.
Okay.
That is a good point.
He had a nice, yeah.
And he looks remarkably well preserved, doesn't he?
Yes, he does, but it's a good thing.
You almost get to think that they had that body laying around for a while just for the opportune moment.
You know, like to, oh, here he is.
It's irrelevant.
No, it's not irrelevant.
The media is on time.
There's a look at that tone.
Oh, I don't know, man.
Totally.
The car used to take four.
But it moved, but it moved.
But about everything.
Oh, yeah.
What kind of a voice is that?
I can't do that.
I can't do that.
Damn thing.
I'm not saying a separate effect.
I'm not going to manipulate the media.
And the Democrats don't know the scream or peeler banana.
They're just, oh, what do we do now?
What do we do?
I still think it would have been kind of a hoot to see Stephen Harper without that good head on his shoulders.
And he could have been like the ikabab crane of Canada.
WQAM, hello.
And back at you.
WQAM, hello.
W. Rachel is 1040 and KXC.
You don't care.
Go away.
Okay, dial right.
You're one.
I'll make an exception for you.
We're not talking about that today.
W-H-O.
I, in your case, I say W-H-A-T.
Okay.
What?
Actually, there is a station W-H-A-T.
What?
I think Tana works on it.
I know what else he works on.
What?
56670560.
Just relax.
Okay.
We don't know.
It was a rhetorical question.
Just march right along.
Okay.
Don't even go there.
They say.
I don't want to go there.
I don't.
Yeah.
Well, go ahead.
I'll put the two of you in a good time.
You know what the people say.
You know what I want to go there.
No, no.
56670560.
We want some new and different people today.
We want some women, man.
We want some lady callers.
Enough that bitch that called the other day.
What the hell was she battling about?
Remember that one?
No.
This is the only lady call we're heading about six months.
I forget what she was on.
Not job.
Don't remember her?
No.
Crazy with that a bed bug.
I'm actually Josh remembers it.
That's how it does.
Oh, yeah, her.
She was bad.
70 Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
A.M.
Listen.
I just wanted to call to thank you for recommending the show.
Like to monitor the show about the, you know, the history channel.
Remember?
On my history channel?
Yeah, I got the church on other hiding spree,
the center of the battle.
On A.M.
Yeah, on the A.M.
On the angels.
Yeah, I remember.
Yeah, I remember.
That was a demon's right.
Right.
That was the documentary next to 5.00 and 11.
Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Well, there's a guy that actually wants to.
That's the first call I've had about that thing.
There's somebody that actually wants it.
Right.
But we don't have the impact that we used to have.
That's the four of the audience.
That before Joe Bell came along and turned us into a way that Chinese is laundry.
Uh-huh.
It's just, you know, I think I've got to make me a mid-year resolution just to stop even.
Forget about thinking about it because if I think about it then I talk about it.
Right.
So there's no point in saying don't talk about it because as long as you're thinking about it,
then you are going to talk about it.
Maybe you say hypnotherapy or acupuncture.
That's what I need.
I need to be deep program because I'm just so aghast that it's the 8th of June and they're still
fumbling and bumbling.
I mean, you know, if we're running back fumbles about all this many times,
they're going to get like farmed out, man.
They're going to get like shipped out to a Siberia somewhere or to Ethiopia.
Well, you could always consider it this way.
Yeah.
Whatever they do, it's going to suck anyway.
Yeah, but they're not to, but they're not to, look, I wouldn't mind if they did something in a suck,
but they're not doing anything.
Well, they're doing something all right.
They're doing something.
They're, they're killing it.
They're butchering it.
If you hear any squealing noises, it's like a cat being butchered without any, you know.
That's what's happening to us here at QAM.
Please, the system.
Please throw us an anchor.
Throw us a light bag.
Oh, wrong, wrong, wrong, swale.
Sorry.
What is this thing?
Uh, you know, yeah, I'm so tired of this crap.
You know, there's nothing.
Crackberries, my ass.
Oh, bet.
Oh, and if you got a lot of, at least mohad dingleberries, I got a lot of crackberries.
Yeah.
I got instead of, you know, instead of Martians in my house, you know, I got crackberries,
different, like marble rings.
Blackberry addicts have a crack at freedom when they check in a one Chicago hotel.
The manager will put the communicative devices and others like them under lock and key
for guests who want to break.
Oh, give me a break.
Oh.
Ricky Wayno, general manager of the Sheraton Chicago hotel, said the program began on Wednesday,
grew up as own personal Blackberry addiction.
His one step recovery was switching to a regular cell phone.
I was really addicted to my Blackberry.
I had to have a session with email, he told Reuters, morning and night.
There came a time when I didn't think it was healthy.
I quit cold turkey.
Well, what's wrong with email?
I don't understand that.
It's just an added convenience.
You don't have to go home or wherever you're out right.
PC is.
You know, I am.
And you don't have to pay any attention to it unless you want to.
Exactly.
Many at many times, they just turn it off for a few hours and then when I turn it back on,
it's like vibrates and buzzes and pukes and it catches up with whatever was on it.
That's fine.
Yeah.
I run a hotel with over 900 employees and thousands of guests.
I think I'm more effective.
I feel better.
I sleep better.
My family likes to be said of his post Blackberry life.
The popular handheld device is called crackberries because users become so reliant on them or made
by Canadian based research in motion.
It puts the motion in your packet.
God.
I can't say packet.
Nope.
Not normal.
Especially now that the house passed that thing yesterday and the bush is going to sign in
the law, the new indecency bill, they're going to try and get $80,000.
You're going to have to get the poll of the mayor, Mani D. as his son, to print up a whole bunch of money.
It's time to forget about those tens and twenties.
We need a thousand dollar bills.
Okay son, a lot of them.
We've got to print up a lot of phone bills to pay all MSCC fines that are coming down to everybody for being the
audience.
In fact, look at that.
They got Tony Snow on CNN right now.
They had to be fine for that.
Damn it.
Oh, we're fine.
I mean darn it.
1056 and 560 WQM.
You're used to be great station.
Remember that deer to be great with Glen Turner with the hair lift and I keep throwing that at you and you still have no idea who that was?
Who?
I can't believe that.
He had a hair lift.
He had to be great with all my best friends.
I had a hair lift.
Still doesn't sure.
And you probably make fun of him.
I did to his face.
Well good.
That's very nice.
That's very nice.
He was a sword.
That would be like making fun of blind Mike.
620 votes on a pool.
Now what are you thinking?
We're at the end of the first hour.
What's your initial take on the pool?
Are we going to get to our thousand or not?
Oh, what a very doubtful.
What do you think, Josh?
Sure.
I think we have.
We got to get to 800 by noon.
Can we do it?
Yes.
If you think you might have termites in your home,
well, I've said it in an article in the Harold Estad,
those four most in termites, Mike,
that are bigger than bowling balls.
Call our friends at Riddett Pest Control today
for a free termite inspection before those critters
chew up your whole house and cause just zidians of dollars
in damage.
Riddett Pest Control uses that amazing orngeural treatment
that kills termites and termites out of present on contact.
They're going fast enough to say that Todd records a shrimpy idiot.
He's a sh- what is it?
What?
Seen.
Seen.
Oh, if you have termites, it's the best possible way to get
eliminated.
I started to say that S.H. you knew I was an assistant.
Of course, he's that too.
You don't have to tense your house when you call Riddett because,
oh, man, that thing is so embarrassing and humiliating and degrading.
Everybody's running around the neighborhood pointing at your house going,
I'm clean.
I'm clean when you have that tent.
No worrying about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels and motels.
No worrying about food or your pets in your health.
Poor tiny.
They treat your home with this amazing orngeural.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're not treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean
set of oranges for just a few days.
It's true if you have a termite problem or think you might have one starting.
Right now is the time to be caught in Riddett pest control and find out about this amazing,
undrupulgable, orngeural treatment that kills termites and the rigs 100% on contact.
This is the way to do it.
No tending.
No gains.
No kidding.
Call right now for a free no obligation inspection.
They'll come in to check it out for you and see if you've got a problem.
1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
Don't forget to magic trick when you call to really get great servers.
Tell them a little Todd Dreck told you to call.
They'll be over there in a heartbeat.
1-800-447-4348.
This is Mule Roger.
What's solid?
This is 5.69 A.S.
I'm a wino jelly.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
yes, Ottoman historical military warfare Yes, yes, yes, yes yes, yes, 자연 if victory how may peopleиниing victory Quared in atoms of power to protect against the war against Islam
It's a level two. Look at that Tony Snow's got that yellow band around his wrist. You know what that means?
No, limperist. Oh
637 votes on a pool so far. I don't know. I'm really dubious man. We got to get to 800 that say 850 by the top of the
New Nour or no. Well, that's right. It's only 1102. I'm thinking it's new. That's right
And I thought I want to push it young. I'm in a big hurry to get out of here, but you are no I'm not
You're gonna take all the time we want you're cuz I just made up my mind during that break
I say anything to myself gosh dang it as buddy, but Paxton would say in
Yeah gosh dang it. I'm gonna start doing the show the way I want to do it
I don't give a damn about clearance about normal camp about Joe Bell and Ring of Bell and
Ring of Ding Ding all these other idiots who pretending or something about this business
You put the three of them together. They wouldn't know a radio if he shoved four dozen of them up their ass
I'm gonna you know so how would that cross over thing? I don't like it, you know
I'll just email how's that? No, no, I'm just telling you right now. It's not gonna happen no more
Not with me sitting here because whenever basically he's you know working for us and not for somebody else
That's when we do it. You know when it's convenient either that's not programming programming is a well
We'll do something when it's convenient for us when we feel like it or when I don't have something better going on
Well, what kind of crap is that? That would be like my saying. Oh, guess what? I won't be in tomorrow. I got something better to do, you know
How do you think that how do you think they would react to that you think they would cotton to that?
They would say something along the lines of oh my god or something
I don't know what they'll say but I'm sure it's how they wouldn't just stick over the finger up each other's ass
Well, they might they've already got that now
I'm just gonna start to do it if I want to play a little music in here
Whatever the hell we want to do man. It's the near-roger show. It's not the Joe Bell show. It's not the Clare and Stereo show
It's not the Norma Ken show. Thank God talking a 400-year-old geeks on the light bulb about their Colossomy bag
My god, and he's representing me. How do you ever hook me up with him?
But oh god, Norma. Oh, I'm sorry about that. You know, it's the gate thing. That must be it and the weed red band
That must be it the weed thing there. I knew there was a connection with you somewhere along the line the weed thing
That's right. We're smoking boys. You got pipeline the bombside pipeline. Yeah, that's right that water pipeline red banners with urgent tags appeared on many Arab TV stations today
As the regions major stations broke at a regular program. We do not some of the biggest news in months the death of terrorists
Obu Musab al Zarkawi better known as Al
Islamic extremist websites were also quick to carry the news and in their case lamented and that guy made a very good point
Because they're showing the bombs that keep showing us over and over again about how they dropped these big ones
They knew he was there. He looks at pristine and he looks a little tired
But other than that he looks no no worse for where you know when you agree with that I would
They don't even look like somebody hit him in the head with a rock. I mean
Realistically speaking, you know, they drop those bombs on the buildings and you know how that happens
He got hit with a breeze and then he got put it doesn't look like he even got like fish. What's up a little bit?
Well, maybe they've touched them up. No, they wouldn't want to do that. They wouldn't know
Look at that. There's the picture man. He don't even look like he's got a zip
But I mean, there's like blood around his head like I got squashed get out of here
What what are you looking at I'm looking at it right now. Yeah, you're looking at it
But it's not I mean you mean looking at somebody's head all right, but I think it's yours
Islamic extremist websites
So we're lamenting it a no posted on one website known as the clearinghouse for al-Qaeda interrac statements
Shortly after the news of al Zarkawi's death broke on TV and said we hope this news is not true
If she calls our cow he has died
He will go to heaven God willing and there'll be 200 million al Zarkawi's after him set another no posted on the site
It made me that 200 million, but it's gonna be a whole lot of now
They're really gonna get all whipped up and filming at the mouth
Somebody said a very wise philosopher said back three years ago when his whole craft started
They shouldn't poke that hornet's nest. They made a bad mistake
Bad mistake. They're the great job. They didn't have Afghanistan
Not and now they're doing the same great job at Iraq. It's bloodshed and murder and insanity and lunatic
2500 Americans are dead
18,000 more injured many of those without limbs and eyes and body parts that they might like to have cat held on to
In order for this to happen. Wow. We now don't you feel a lot safer? I sure do wasn't a threat to us here in America
It's safe to go back to the mall now
Did you just get cut off?
Confused the media with that. No, no confused them with that point because freedom's on the march and missions accomplished
Hahaha. Oh, yeah. Here's another mission accomplished
I'm gonna tell you right now you can blame the bush people all you want
There is no question there. It's not even debatable point the American media
Are the ones if you want to point to finger man take that big nasty finger in fact
I don't even care what you got on it and just point it right in their direction
Because they're co-conspirators without them. This could never all unfolded the way it has this butchery
And by the way here's an article by Catherine Schrader on Capitol Hill blue your very favorite website
I don't want to read the whole thing. I don't want to get too newsy
But she says the death of al-Qaeda air in irracial leader Abu Moussad al-Zerkawi
A lot of US counterterrorism officials an initial sigh really for what they held as a significant development
But they quickly cautioned against expecting it to enter operations or violence in Iraq
US general George Casey the top-of-scomender and erectile reporters were the development that the development would not in the insurgency and an official in Washington requested anonymity
Said it should not cause anyone to have unrealistic expectations
As the day wore on a news of the US military's most dramatic victory in Iraq in recent months dominated casual conversations in the NATO building
The fence secretary rose for you'll stay publicly mum and out of reach of the media
The impact of al-Zerkawi death is nonetheless symbolic
US hasn't seen the elimination of such an iconic figure since former president Sada Hussein was found an underground bunker in late 2003
alleged
Remember they said that that sir was also fabricated right?
All the al-Zerkawi was considered well. We know this but I beat the boot but about then the incident so yeah
You ain't seen up in the end
You deal with crazy people who are living in a stone age
We have a little or no respect for human life especially hours by the way right
We get a crazy people Pat Robertson claims to outlist linebackers feel the burn it burns
He said if Angela's concedes he cheated when leg pressing a ton he cheated a little bit
Religious broad and it's got a picture of him here. It's just it's just hysterical
It's like the picture of moxie tongue. You know swimming across the Yangtze River. Merlin. Yes, I just we got two facts
About that already today about what the Pat Robertson story you're reading right now
I'm on top of it here just right this is like normal Kent sending me that stupid idiotic email yesterday about the
About the indecency building. I can't handle it
I'm just so sick and tired of all these experts out there. They're helping. They're helping. They're not helping
The only thing he's helping me too is like stepping out of my patio and jumping from several floors up
That's about what he's got me on a verge of doing
You know we're getting ready
My vacation is in my after next week and then we got to summer schedule going
You know just like you said why do you want to like
Stick that thing in the locust cage?
I want to run away a hornet's nest why why do it just leave bad enough alone normal? Okay?
Just stop
Confediently and you know
He don't speak for me. He hasn't got any idea what those going on what the issues are
I'm sure he'll make something better program
Well, it's just like you keep making up stories about how they keep this
Combobulating our studio when they have these ball games on well, you know, I'm a trouble maker
I'm just saying you were a trouble maker in your relyer. This has been going on for the seven and a half years
We've been in that studio. They're on the third floor and they've been doing it every single time
The children they got running and when you wait here was the first play pen with your own I know
I seen it a million times and every time you go in on the stress out on Monday morning after they've
Dittled around with everything in there and all the settings are unsettling
We can't get the thing on it. It takes us 15 minutes or 20 minutes or a half an hour
Just to get back to being able to like communicate again. Oh, no. Jar just makes those things up
He just a trouble maker. I know. Yeah, I think you ought to get a hitman for clearance
I think what I think raised you got now that normal
Get a hitman for that. Don't don't go to my hand over here. You don't know what I'm sure it on two legs man
In fact, yeah, he and I heard that he couldn't robber told me that he had to hot date
You know, he couldn't get the turd base much less. He's gonna get the first base
Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson says it's the God's honest truth. Of course. He's talking about
God, he did indeed once leg press a ton when he was almost
73 and had prostate cancer and still regularly lifts up to twelve hundred pounds with his legs
The only pounds he's lifting are pounds of manure. Okay. Oh, hey, there's another picture of pressure
Oh, now there's a little bit of blood that looks like it was smeared on the side of his teeth
That looks about as phony as a $42 bill like paint. Yeah, I'm worried that that come from all of a sudden wasn't on the other picture
The
The acknowledge that the way he like presses would not be legal in a bodybuilding competition
You know when I see part Robertson is what I always think of bodybuilder. All right. What do you think of?
Uh-huh great athlete just like Jack Lillian. Oh, yeah, Jack Lillian by the way
He's got that juicer. He just turned 91. You don't look at day over 150 and you you know, and he is wife
Ever seen that in commercial? No, you never saw that for the Jack Lillian juicer. Sorry, and his wife is on there and that cross-eyed vixies on
Just nauseating with the much too much lipstick on and he's like feeble. He's standing there in his spandex outfit and like mommy
Mommy, you know like yeah, yeah, and he starts pretending he's drinking the glass of juice
They like puts it to his lips and starts shaking so much mommy's better put the glass down
He he just turned 148 Jack Lillian. He's a miracle over a modern science the 700 Club host feed is recounted on the website of his
Christian Broadcasting Network in Virginia Beach
But sports experts question the assertion in recent weeks with one noting that the leg press record for football players at FSU
is 665 pounds less a
Spokeswoman recently released a photo she said showed Robertson leg pressing two thousand pounds on February 1st
2003 Robertson at surgery to move a cancerous prostate gland later that month and turn 73 that March
I wonder why the Lord spoke him, you know, he's a man of God. I did at one time one rep
But I had built up for to it for about three years Robertson insisted on Wednesday and telephone interview with a amp
The first time he spoke with a reporter since they like press bruhaha
Robertson said his doctor encouraged him to leg press weights to strengthen his bad knees
Well, if he's a man of the law, why you just ask God to heal his knees?
Of course he earned his aim for it. Well, well, what's his name? Benny Hina? Hina Hina Huna?
Benny Hina he said he did the two thousand pound lift on an incline leg press with a machines break on which means
He didn't have to lift the weight the whole way when the professionals do it
They take the break off let the weight come all the way down
And if you don't have a lot of help you've got a wolf swag on sitting on your hips. I didn't do that
He said oh such a liar such a neurotic nut job and all these old ladies are sending them all their money
You know all their dead husbands money. Yeah, and old man without any ease can push that much weight right
Good Johnny Miss Molly now he wouldn't lie to us to understand that in fact
I wouldn't be surprised if we send him down to Venezuela knock off Hugo Chavez he he demand
In fact, wouldn't you like to see him kickboxing with Hugo Chavez when every ring?
I know who to put my money. I think even Pat Marina might come back to make that movie look how many votes we've got on a pull right now
Oh my god
six six
Holy moly maybe of a day late better late than never which of these issues do you care about most obviously none of them too much the economy
172 the war and I rack 171 which now I think is basically over now that we got L the gal education
83 legalizing pot 70 as if it's some debate of a issue right. Oh, it's bad for you right
Let me ask you something what's worse for you smoke and pot reading a refined sugar. Well, there's no separating them
You know, I'm just telling you right now. It's those words. He's low time. I'm gonna go for the toe nuts
I think the sugar people are below the log in June
That's right all the people who manufacture ice cream and candy they all be in prison
And let's make it illegal to be fat, you know, you know because it's unhealthy and it'll kill you
The speed 66 illegal immigration 64 I hit this full 24 gay marriage only 10 1.4 percent abortion rights only five
Because we got no women and flag-boarding five out of 673 we better get over that 800 mark by the by noon
Just just to be on the safe side. I think we got it made. I think we get a little bit nervous prematurely
14 past 11. Oh, forget we got guilty
For the NBA finals in Dallas, baby your Miami Heat and the Dallas Mavericks. Oh my goodness
The tension is so thick you can cut it with your toenail you cut it with your digit
If you have a business need to get cut things away from the competition
And here's the perfect business partner for you
Pub-set printing and design Pub-set can design and print everything in your arsenal just look at the display with
They made about me. It's a picture of it on our website at the bottom of the page
You will laugh your ass off or see even more of their phenomenal work at pubscentsf.com
Pub-set can print everything from your business cards to banners posters and they're especially trade show booths and displays
Pub-set design printing the very best for over 14 years and Pub-set can handle it all in house for you
Call 954-77272-75. That's 954-7727272-75 or better yet
See for yourself on their website the great stuff they do at pubscentsf.com
Look you're besting it. Those new customers. It's your business and it's Pub-set's business to make you look great and get you a lot more customers
Call 954-77272-75 or go to their website pubscentsf.com and be sure to look for my gross nasty picture on their building on Dixie Highway
Just know what the commercial bull rats enough said. It's really is gruesome
Two is the very best Pub-set printing and design column in 954-77272-75. Tell me that ugly old Neil told you to call
This is Neil Rogers
Superlip
This is 516-Q-A-S
And whatever the heck it is and the people that call in
They just like them like that they run the what called the weed and they're high and they're
I mean it's terrible
The years that I've been looked at listening to 610 and I see you
How about this here?
I
So I'm done. I am
Tell me why can I play when I'm a little high in a go line situation
I float over the line take the pitch run it straight
Jump the line and score and then they give us six points and I spoke to joints
Okay
Absolutely
I
Well, I should have been born to make it
I spoke enough for three hey there ref hold my roach think they called my number how come no one's chasing
Which way am I facing
Poor Ricky man poor misunderstood Ricky since he got a haircut don't clean up his act
He's still the same 21 past 11 at 560 this faxes from somebody at the everlasting covenant church
You know what I'm saying? What's that mean?
It says there was a general on CNN this morning. So they cleaned up Al Zarkare and look at the way this is spelled
Al Zarkare cowie before they photographed him
This is the Emma's it says the Emma's from somebody at the everlasting covenant church
I think you got an infiltrator where it's a church
How do you like that?
Uh-huh. It's next thing. He's gonna be peddling creploc over here. Yeah, I gotta blow my nose
He's gonna be peddling creploc as wontons
690 to go center pool. We got I think we'll make a no problem
I don't know what all the pressure is you get so panicky god five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
And the Verizon singular right outside. I got a huge pile just a gigantic pile
Don't know it was that Saudi guy to threaten to blow off a Delta Airlines flight because he was upset
He was a nod to job as an interpreter for US military in Iraq. See that guy
No
Opponents of Washington state new case of a rights law failed to submit enough voter signatures
This week to force to stay wide ballot on the issue this fall the anti-gay biggest failed in Washington state
Office to report Lewis calls the Iraq war illegal and refuses the order to go he will not go
Got all kinds of really good stuff here in this pile of two bad amount of waste my time reading it
Got a story about how bad do you have to go at some schools?
It's bathroom breaks versus grades
You only you can only go and now they tell you it's time to go now when nature tells you it's time to go
So just you know drop drop whatever it is in your pants one two and three right right it's way to do it
Five six seven this is my last call for calls non-vote of my music
That'll be part of my new strategy on the show
Because I think that reading all these stupid bedtime stories is killing the show between that and that stupid crossover
You know when we first came to this radio station
I want you to stop and think about this and here it is eight and a half years later
And it isn't any different than it was then all they had on the air was sports. That's all it was right
They hadn't they didn't have that not only didn't not have the foggiest idea of what we do on the show
They also resented and hated it like toys
That's right
And for the first time you finally unloaded them yesterday the real truth about before even when it started on the air
What you do all about that?
What just forgot I'm old all the bus in the building what hey? I forgot because I sure tell unloaded it
You know back then yeah, all they talked about oh my god
He doesn't do sports at all fact. We don't need him on a station
But my boy's gonna kill us and we got all a great Chris more on air and the book yeah, yeah
We got all this one see one thing about us man if we like bail out of here right now
At least then they could have ones and twos all day long really be consistent
That's a one thing the ingredient lacking on this radio station now is consistency
They could have one and two shares all day long like they did before right
That's right like before we invaded their territory
So they haven't got a freaking clue what is we do on this show and the idea that they're like make a oh
I just make up stories yeah just leave us alone okay
We don't have any problem between ten and two and what is that what I always said mm-hmm
Just like an iod the same philosophy man mess with success if it ain't broken fix it if it ain't broke mess with it
Just like Greg Reed did there it broke the egg what I tell you about that Humpty Dumpty syndrome break the egg
He picked it up and dropped it in this mess into a million little pieces and now oh gee. What do we do?
Yeah, I don't know don't ask me
That was really something when our fearless leader says to me well we have a plan but what would you do?
I think Harry Carrie might have the answer. I'm not talking about the baseball announcer. He's dead
I'm talking about the Japanese. I'm talking about committing sausages
I'm about taking that machete and slicing a few heads that couldn't hurt
I think that's a good idea. Let's send those terrorists from here all down there to kick some ass
Take care of some people who really deserve being beheaded
A federal judge in Oregon ruled Wednesday that the Vatican can be sued in connection with his sexual misconduct of a
Surveied priest who's accused of abusing children in the iron Chicago and Portland, Oregon. He's sure spread it around man
The suit accuses the Vatican of conspiring with Roman Catholic bishops and they serve by religious order more than 50 years ago
To transfer Reverend Andrew Ronan to the St. Philip High School in Chicago after he molested a minor in Irish parish
Paris the thought
The priest abused the other miners in the early 19s. You know, and now I realize why all of the celebrities that have tons of money
They either buy their own island like Marlon Brando didn't the South Pacific where they go to Hawaii
You know because it's paradise and you just get away from all this crap
You know get away from all the idiots and a crap
It's just pathetic all these religious and all these Getskis the priest abused three other miners in the early 60s
It's the now closed west side high school according to the lawsuit
He was then transferred to a church in Portland yet they just shift them around man
That's the Catholic church FN way where he allegedly abused the plaintiff as a teenager
Ronan as since died
U.S. District Judge Michael Mosman ruled that because the Holy Sea had all the minute authority over bishops and religious appears
It did not qualify for foreign sovereign immunity and could be named as an apprentice well good
Good I sue their ass man
sue the rants for billions god. I know is how much money they're hanging on and probably all the
The Vatican banking scandal a post got pretty just for that wardrobe. Oh, he's got to have a lot of cash for those snappy red shoes
That lovely dress that he wears the Nazi Pope right and of course his predecessor man was here a fashion plate. Oh
Slab on the slab
seven
That one that one by the way so the the facts did say they cleaned him up a little bit zerkawai
But you know something just brushing off a little blood from the side of his
Cheek there. They look like he had a little bit too much rouge on or something, you know
Here's the fact it says every time I hear the name Al Zerkawai
I was immediately pictured the goofy Indians in F troop can either of you remember the name of the Indian
I never watched F troop. Did you watch that? No, I've true that yeah, huh? No
Well, if you we can google it right now during the break and we'll have it for you or just wait for both the bride to hear the question and
Type it in the little box can either of you remember the name of the Indian or Indians with a similar name
Please help in the F troop and I'm sure that the chicken echo tell you that F off
That's 27 past 11 at 5 60 wqm
I've been telling you for many many many years now to call 1 800 man first whenever you need a bed when the old man
Fritz is embarrassingly worn out and lumpy and saggy and sorrel and schmutzie and smells like crazy
They can deliver the mattress within a to our window the toothpick
They have knowledgeable bedding consultants and lots more. It's an unbeatable deal all the way around
The best the easiest piece of shopping that anybody could do and if you thought the downing
1 800 mattress on the phone was easy check them out on the wicked worldwide web at mattress.com
Shop on the web anytime them would stress you day or night with product details prices and photos
You can check out online too or you can call to place your order and schedule your delivery
If factory direct prices lower than the so-called big sales at those chain stores plus
Problem on financing is available for you to
Now the mattress is got the complete line of all the top names in the business
I mean their deal is unbeatable all the way around delivery price and selection
Sealy sort of kingcoil Simmons temperpid against sterens and bananas foster when you call 1 800 mattress
You'll get low prices on the best brands and down the mattress continues to be rank number one
The world and customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years
And this is the only smart way to get you a new mattress
Call them toll free 1 800 mattress. That's 1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last S because it stands for
Stoopendous saving
This is 516 Q a
This is the Neal Roger show
This is
Pood
Yes
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
In the back,
You'll be with them in the story.
Uh-huh.
A wide, head
To send out anewore
That's just me
A prayer is made for us by you
A hunt is made for you
I'm trying to stay on hold
With you
And with all my indiscency
You've heard
That every life we care
Is never gone
You checked out
What have I ever do up to any
With you all in
Having taken her that way
Shall there be a fire in the man's protection
Or a death of one that I hold
That day
Where I can tell you this is something
I've been wanting to suspect
I know it's a story
I know this is something I must have
Where I'm watching you and I want more justice
And a killer of mine
Wow
Wow
So many stories
Wow
I know I can say that you're going to be working on something
Seven hundred million
Wow
Seven hundred
Wow
Warden, my life is short
Ooh
Where is welcome out?
No, bring them on
Wow, this is a picture that I must have heard
Your teeth are in question
Wow, the wire's out
Where is this portal?
Yes, I'm standing here
Where is this mess?
Oh, although we're not smart
We're not smart
We're not smart
We're not smart
We're not smart
We're not smart
We're not smart
I'm sitting here Waiting for you in the street
Woah
I don't know what拘 thou are
I don't care
Dastin' peace
Where I'm in Ghashar
No host lange
Hey
I'm near my country
que es manejo
reiter Forschada
한번
the
iban
no
Nice job
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
Corporal Randolph A. Garn, Larry Storage.
And it's got a bunch of other people here.
Crazy Cat. That was one of the Indians.
Don Diamond. Kissing Squaw.
Merrill and Tucker.
True Pop and Mour.
Played by John Mitchamy's dead.
A lot of these people are dead.
A sergeant Morgan O'Rourke.
Played by Forest Tucker.
He's also dead.
Medicine man, roaring chicken.
Played by Edward Everton.
Edward Everton was like on, uh, he was in, uh, fractured fairy tales.
That's right.
Trooper Duffy played by Bob Steele, who's also dead.
And while Chief Wilde goes flanked by Frank DeCoba, who's also dead.
A lot of dead people from F2.
But anyway, those are the names of the characters.
And nobody like Alzer Cal.
We should whoever sent this face get you some help immediately if not sooner.
Okay? You clown, you silly person, you idiot.
Three Roman Catholic priests.
His more of this propaganda you give sending me.
Right? Nothing worse than a fallen Catholic man.
Lord is going to smite you and smoke you.
And he's going to attack both of your knees.
And you won't be able to press more than four ounces.
It just smite.
Three Roman Catholic priests accused of sexually abusing minors have been permanently barred from working his priests.
The Archdiocese of Detroit says.
Anthony Coney, 57, formerly of All Saints Parish in Memphis.
Edmund Borges, Borges, 65, formerly of Saint Michael Parish in LaVonia.
Oh, LaVonia, Michigan man.
Former home of DRC Wolverine Harnes Raceway.
And home of Skipper's Table, uh, Buffet.
And Michael Mallowey, 51 of St. Joseph Parish in May be.
I lost all their lengthy appeals to the Vatican there.
Stisie said Monday.
Coney is no longer a priest.
Rob Borges and Mallowey officially remain clerics but can't participate in the ministry or represent themselves publicly as priests of Detroit News says.
In other words, they can't wear that collar, you know, that little white tab and the Catholic stop them.
It's frustrating for everyone that these cases have taken so long.
So, a court of appeals judge Michael Talbot, who wears an Archdiocese board that oversees the protection of children.
Oh, yeah. And our Stisie's board that oversees the protection of children.
Right. Oh my God.
It's been frustrating for those who have been, I wonder if Michael Jackson serves on that board.
It's been frustrating for those who have been accused because they wanted to know the answers.
It's been especially frustrating for victims of abuse he told the Detroit Free Press.
The three men had defended themselves for years against the charges, which all involved allegations of sexual misconduct.
Did I say against the charges?
The newspapers said they couldn't reach them for comment.
Thus far, 18 cases have been completed by the Vatican since 2004.
With only one priest being returned to the ministry, the Archdiocese awaits ward on the 6th of the case.
Oh, there are other cases already.
All these silly men running around and dressed as just waiting to molest your children.
All your people keep running, schlepping air every week and putting the money into play.
And you're rubbing your rosary beads.
And you're doing a hell of Mary's.
I think everybody ought to go see the Omen.
Even they go see the Noon.
Because it's a really good reminder of all the trappings, the trappings and the trappings of this ridiculous corrupt institute like that stuff.
What are you talking about?
That's what I'm saying.
Man, more of a barrier.
In fact, Old King Col was a merriol soul.
But I heard.
Only at least he didn't wear a dress though, like the Pope and the bishops.
And of course, the Swiss guard. That's another story all together.
What do you think the Swiss guard are doing most of the time?
Swishing?
No, the Pope.
745 votes on the poll so far.
I think we've got a shot at it.
We'll get over 800 by the top of the article E's on in.
Well, close to 800.
Which of these issues do you care about most?
The war in Iraq, 191.
The economy, 187.
Education, 95.
Freedom of speech, 81.
Legalizing, pot, 75.
Illegal immigration, 66.
I got another one for a minute.
I hit this poll, 26.
Game marriage, 11.
Only 1.4%.
That's about the same as all the other polls.
A little over 1%.
Maybe a little less.
Abortion writes 7.
And flag burning, 6.
Oh my God.
And even a Hillary who's busy not going to encode a ripping her ass.
Nice going Hillary, but you're an idiot.
Even she's on the bad way.
Oh, let's have an amendment to, if I love burning the flag.
You know something, if I go into a store,
we've been through this a million times before.
If I had by a t-shirt at Keymark,
and I want to take it home and burn it in a waste basket,
that's my business.
Okay, start the party.
Or in the barbeque.
Or in the barbeque.
Or whatever.
Yeah.
If I want to take an American flag and stick it on a barbeque around
those t-bone sticks, that's my business.
It's my property.
I don't know what it is how I want with it.
That's right.
It is so embarrassingly juvenile and idiotic and pathetic.
It's just like a marijuana laws.
It's the same thing.
America is a society that refuses to grow up.
It just absolutely don't want to grow up.
And of course, we're trying to export that same kind of juvenile.
Just like the thing warning the Germans about prostitution in Germany during the World Cup.
Mine, you're all business, okay?
Just like always, we're warning the Dutch about their drug laws.
Mine, your own thinking business.
Trying not just to export, but to impose your values on the rest of the world.
They wonder why the world hates America like poison?
You're getting pretty sick and tired of this dip tutorial deal that's going on.
Oh, I have one more for the poll.
Now I'm serious.
All right.
The survival of QAM.
Don't you think many of our listeners are very concerned about that?
Yeah, we're adding it right now.
And we need to suggest that that's a hell of a lot.
A much greater priority than a Fag marriages.
This is Neil Rudder.
You failed.
This is 5.16 QAM.
Drudge back in?
Huh?
Early in the morning, wait before Christmas time.
Thousands of labels are trying to cross the line.
Send true to the border.
Who won't take no breath?
Trick or a thing is itchy.
Just got back from the wreck.
Yeah, I'm the border.
Near the real brand.
Wishing the guards man a weight.
Trying to be blind and the same.
They won't need body armor.
And they can even get a tan.
Won't see no car farmers.
Just thinking I'm a little van.
There's no one named Mohammed.
But a lot of them named Ron.
And they don't want to kill you.
Just want to know your love.
Down on the border.
All the USA.
Wishing the guards man a try.
To keep the Mexicans away.
Down on the border.
I think I just came up with a perfect solution for the final solution.
But the perfect solution for this all, at least in probably all those companies over there
and all the Jews and the Arabs and the Guaymen and everybody hates each other.
I think we're just going to have to nuke them.
Okay.
Flatten them.
The fight over that.
Right.
That's correct.
And of course there's always a few innocent pan and he has bystanders just like this Alzar Calibombing this morning.
There were some like women and children.
But you know, getting away.
You know, if they were smart, they wouldn't have gotten away in the first place.
They should have attacked us.
That is correct.
So there's always some collateral damages they call it.
But it's one of those things.
The price you have to pay for freedom man.
Freedom's on a march.
And so I'm thinking that all of those middle eastern countries just flatten the man.
Just eviscerate them and leave us alone.
That's how we want this.
Leave us to hell all alone.
Leave us out of all your battles man.
Over all your nonsense and your mumbo jumbo and your seafood gumbo and all this other crap.
Just leave people be man.
They can't do it.
They can't do it because they're crazy people.
And like I've told you for a very long time, the religious people are all.
It's just a matter of degree.
And of course so many of you would say, oh not me.
I mean, yeah, you are.
If you're one of the God squad, no matter what your particular brand of poison is, it's still poison.
It's still grotesque and it's still ridiculous.
It's man-made nonsense.
But really just some spiritual.
Oh yeah, spiritual.
Remember I was talking about that.
Now what does that mean?
Does anybody have any idea?
No.
No, it's just another stupid word that people want.
They have a spiritual.
I'm in touch with the outer space.
I'm in touch with the Uranus.
Yeah.
I'll quit touching it.
A major wrestling match in Congress over control of the internet features some strange tag teams, rockers and evangelicals,
versus phone companies and the Bells usually biggest adversary, cable TV companies, rockers and evangelists.
And we've got that Christian rock.
Right.
I mean, that's talking about Senator Garfunco.
I am a rocker.
What are you eating now?
Pizza.
Pizza from Antonio.
Oh, but me.
You know what?
Oh, thanks a lot, Brad.
I may not be there, but I can smell it from here.
He's got a good, a good hot.
Oh, that's hot.
Mmm.
The Josh has a slice on each hand.
How about pizza?
Yeah, that's true.
The most far reaching telecommunications bill in a decade has its main purpose, making it easier for phone companies to compete against cable companies, offering the equivalent of cable TV,
and streamline the approval process for both that promise to consumers as lower prices and more choices.
But the biggest controversy is a different issue, so-called net neutrality.
The idea is that all websites should get the same treatment from cable and phone companies for use of their broadband, high-speed internet lines.
The rockers and evangelists joined by Microsoft Google and Yahoo, feared that telephone and cable companies who control the internet highway will put their own products in the fast lanes, and relegate those in line to pay premium fees to poor quality and slower service.
We want to be in the fast lane, don't you?
Oh, yeah.
Like a Superman, he wanted to be in the lowest lane.
In their corner are the Christian Coalition.
Oh, my goodness.
National religious broadcasters and gun owners of America, as well as move on.org and recording artist Aurem, the Indigo Girls and Moby.
Oh, my God.
Too fairy.
If Congress guts Amcere Glad and Moby and Gay.
If Congress guts net neutrality, independent music and new sites will be choked off, consumer choice will be limited, and the internet will become a private toll road auctioned off by companies like AT&T and Moby said, and a statement of a recent capital hill event.
Both the House and Senate bill sponsored by the chairman of their two commerce committees, respectively representative Joe Barton Republican Texas and Senator the Unctions Ted Stevens of Republican Alaska, addressed net neutrality, but in language that critics say is too weak to prevent discrimination.
Simply put, net neutrality legislation endangers both the future of video choice and the accelerated broadband investment has just beginning to gain traction for rising executive vice president Tom Taukey, test of that at a recent Senate hearing.
So here once again, you know, we're just going to hand it over as a monopoly to a few folks here, we're going to like, probably, yes.
We're going to do the wrong thing.
Yeah, we always do the wrong thing.
Now, here's somebody who's doing the right thing.
One thing about this show, man, we love Wendy's.
Always have always will.
Right.
I just go to Wendy's today and bring home a couple of those onion bacon, whatever those things are without cheese, you know,
this weekend, huh?
That's some of this week.
Bring him home and heat him up in the microwave, nuke him a little bit.
Now, of course, throw away bread.
I'll treat the bread.
And of course, who the hell needs the bread?
When he got 16 patties and that good stuff, what all kinds of cheese, dripping down on onions and oh, man.
Wendy's international said today it's going to begin frying french fries and breaded chicken items with non-hydrogenated oil,
continuing a shift to offer healthier menu choices.
The country's third largest burger chain said the blend of corn and soy oil has, you know, one of the great cause of all time, one of the most stupid people I've ever heard my life,
was that on Monday that I did, you called about the olive oil and all the carbohydrates.
Right, right.
Either way, you were trying to be a smart ass, which is probable because nobody can be that stupid.
Or you just amor on.
Or you'd be surprised.
Just an idiot.
Oh, yeah.
Don't use the olive oil, man.
Just load it with carbs.
Uh, what?
The country's third largest burger chain said the blend of corn and soy oil has zero grams of artery clogging, trans fat per serving, and will cut trans fat in those menu items by 95%.
Wow, I'm going twice.
Wendy's will begin using the oil in the 60, 300 restaurants in the US and Canada in August.
I'll wait till August to go.
Trans fat raises bad cholesterol and lowers good cholesterol, eating just five grams of trans fat a day, raises the risk of heart disease by 25% research of.
Well, I also saw a story, but I can't find it on the web that Hispanics react much better to high if the Hispanics with high blood pressure react much better to hypertension drugs than non-Hispanics.
Okay.
Today I'm going to think that some of you people get so emotional and hysterical, you know.
Papa, couple of pills, man.
Calm down.
I'm going to trouble now.
The Russian's got some oxies for it.
Take away the pain in Spain.
The new oil will reduce trans fat to zero grams for Wendy's cheek and sandwiches, chicken nuggets and chicken strips.
A large order of fries will go from seven grams to zero point five grams.
That's kind of like our numbers from seven to zero point five.
While in order of fries in the kids menu will have zero grams, the big O.
Wendy's based at the Columbia suburb of Dublin, Ohio.
I never heard of Dublin, Ohio.
Nope.
Said it's working to further reduce trans fats and fries that occurs when suppliers partially cook the potatoes before shipping them to restaurants.
What potatoes you can't have that anyway.
I heard of Dublin over.
Plus I don't want them.
Fries and sandwiches cooked in the new oil taste and cost exactly the same as Toronto said.
I wonder if he's kind of Eric Astrada.
Hey Eric.
You're fair.
Wendy's also anter trained workers in how to use the new oil which has a shorter shelf life than the old one.
Oh, we don't want them using no bad oil, man.
Well, you're at it.
Train them to actually cook the fries and serve them hot.
Wendy's has been working on the new oil for two years and testing it for a year at 370 restaurants in Florida, North Carolina, West Virginia and Ontario.
McDonald's corp plugs four years ago to switch to oil that would cut in half the level of trans fats and the top-telling chains fries.
However, Chief Executive Jim Scherner said in April that the Oprah Kilroy base company was still testing the oil and didn't know when they'd make the chains.
They said maybe from now until next circus.
Earlier this year Wendy's cut all trans fat from salad dressings and last year the chains started offering margarine with zero grams of fat for serving for baked potatoes.
Margarine.
Thought margarine's bad for you.
That is.
Oh.
In 2000, it skipped the baked potato.
Okay, because the baked potatoes, the deadly nightshades, man, the deadly nightshades, whatever that means.
Ever see that?
Yes.
Potatoes.
In 2004, in fact, don't potatoes have like a chew in them, tuber?
If you want to, you can tell.
I'm opening up a chain called tubers for goobers.
In 2004, I began offering combo meal choices that allowed customers to pick chili, a baked potato or a side salad instead of fries, an offering milk and a fruit for substituting kids' meals.
Do not serve your kids milk.
Okay, unless you're a crazy person.
There are no animals that drink the milk of other animals.
Okay, just it doesn't happen in nature.
It's just unnatural, unclean, unclean.
My God.
What are you people thinking about?
Next thing you'll be eating sugar.
I'm off to sugar man today and yesterday and Tuesday.
My third day off sugar.
Aren't you proud?
Very.
I'm wearing it proudly.
I'm my icy sleeve.
And you know why, present on a tonight's game?
786 votes.
I told you we'd be closing it on 800 by the new hour.
And I think we'll be okay.
I'm not really sure though.
I'm a little like a little crap on this one.
By the way, that is coming up after the break of your entire unsensitive crap.
All right.
This is meal Roger.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
Where are it beaded?
Well, the one hour on WQA.
Oh, look who that is.
Everybody look who new that is.
Nobody look who new that is.
That is when he wins.
He's a racing winner.
Race around in the start that is.
The race driver that never wins.
That is when he wins.
Now she hear all you means.
They call me Mr. Reef.
Oh, one day too not win, my race.
In my rocket speediest.
Oh, where are you, baby?
You showed us that today.
Oh, how history of the few wins this day.
Oh, where are you, baby?
It's not a big place.
Well, you hurt yourself so it's on a plane.
Well, get that on him.
How's the day?
Oh, it ain't gonna take that chance.
Not if you keep calling it last.
That's why you don't go out with me.
You ain't too slow.
You can't compete.
Where are you, baby?
Slow on the street.
But I show be fast on my feet.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
I'm gonna go out with you.
Jason Grimsley.
You know who that is, Josh?
I've heard of that name.
Jason Grimsley, who was cut by the Arizona Diamondbacks yesterday after admitting the steroid use.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
See, Zommy, you noticed the tone in his voice when they wanted to know why he's negative about this?
What is it all about now?
Because this is a story about his hero.
He's only got one hero.
What are you talking about?
You're a hero.
What do you mean what I'd be talking about?
Ron Jeremy.
Ron Jeremy about his hero.
Jason Grimsley was cut by the Diamondbacks yesterday after admitting the steroid use was only a pawn in federal agent's attempt to gather evidence against very bonds, Grimsley's attorney told the Arizona Republic newspaper.
They're after very zass, man, and boy, it's a big target.
According to Grimsley's lawyer Edward F. Novak, the feds tried to pressure Grimsley into wearing a listening device to lure other players into confidential conversations all in an effort to find evidence against bonds of steroid use.
Now why do they got a single poor bury out?
Even I think that's a little bit over the top, you know?
Good point.
Oh, I'm so shocked you said that.
It was a specific effort to target bonds, though, Vak told the Republic.
We were told that Jason's cooperation was necessary to their case.
Come on, leave poor bury alone, okay?
Just because he's a hard ass and got a crappy attitude.
13 federal agent searched his home in Scottsdale, Arizona.
That is Jason Grimsley.
For six hours to do that, but they wouldn't reveal what they found.
Investigators who cracked the bellcoast steroid scandal in San Francisco said Grimsley initially cooperate in the probe, but withdrew his assistance in April prompting the search on Tuesday.
It's red on my bed and Randy wasn't even sitting there.
Look at that. It's still green.
Let me try to refresh it.
Yeah, refresh it. You lazy, baby.
Oh, no, it's a turned green again.
Oh, no, you missed the red.
I got two dropouts, but it's still green.
No, it was red now. It's back to green.
So you missed all the good stuff and be green.
They're green.
I blinked when it turned back to green.
But that was real quick.
I think probably because I opened up a big mouth on that.
All of a sudden somebody went, oh, it better on messed that, you know?
We understand you're trying to sabotage the show, Joyce and Clarence.
We know what's going on behind the scenes.
You're not fooling anybody.
In fact, you know what I think they're devious kinds of, they're like your fat ass governor.
They got devious kinds.
You know what I think their friends really are?
I give up.
And they're working really well too.
I think what they want like to do, especially before the summer schedule is coming up, you know?
They'd like to get me pissed off and up to get me to take a walk.
I really believe that now.
No, that was never that conspiratorial mind had before.
I never give these people enough credit to be thinking that way.
But that's got to be it.
It's got to be that.
Think about it.
Because first of all, we don't do sports.
I mean, especially at a time when everybody's talking about, you know, we're just peeing on their parade, man.
It's four hours they could be talking a lot about.
And then that too.
Who now lots of you about Abu Musab, all of us are Kawi and about Ann Colter and Hillary Clinton and Indecency Bill's in a Congress and a bunch of great calls that we got.
Who aren't talking about that?
By the way, I heard that.
So what's his name in plan tonight?
Dwayne Wade.
I heard it.
Through the grapevine.
Who?
Ben Harper told me.
Said Dwayne Wade ain't planned.
Or Shaq and Pat Rattie's got a hair appointment.
850 votes on the pool.
I think we get to 900 by the top of the air we got it made in the shade.
And that should be pretty easy where we got 52 minutes.
Oh, yeah.
I think we got this baby lick.
And once we get to 1000 votes, I'm bailing out because it looks pretty nice.
It looks like sunny.
You know, I'm not going to be sad all day like yesterday fighting to get my money back.
I wish you'd stop telling me to play that damn dollar.
We'd afford to.
It's a mostly sunny and sunny degrees.
What are these days, it'll pay on.
It's going to be 77 today.
An honor of WABC.
77.
It hasn't been brewed by the way with the worst hair piece.
And even what's his name?
Dave and boring.
Even a worst hair piece then.
Don't go.
You're saying a lot.
Now I wonder what he did with that.
I have a theme.
Remember the days Steve said where the engineer at R&D we were making fun of that horrible wig.
You know, you just finally took it off his head and he did that.
I should have kept that as a souvenir.
I should have kept that for Mo for a spare with the muskrat cutter.
In fact, we did find out that Mo had like he had designer ones.
He had for different, you know, different moods he was in.
That is how he was all this and more.
You're not making that up.
No, I know that.
And he had like your Sunday go to meetin best wig.
And that is every day he's been doing work out in the yard.
Maybe he had his fight wig.
Scared the crap out of me.
Oh, yeah.
What a fright.
And then of course when he started trying to find those Martians in his pants.
Oh, totally, totally.
Man, oh man.
You know who his favorite congressman is?
I give up.
John Dingell from Michigan.
819 on the pole.
He pang it on that thing.
We want to get to that thousand otherwise you're going to have to do penance for it.
Do not go see the Omen go rent or buy the original Omen with Gregory Peck and Lee Remick.
Tony, there's not, I haven't seen the new one but I've seen the previous one I read about it.
And you just have to be a crazy person.
And by the way, was it, what was her name, the, um, the Manny?
Oh, geez.
The character.
Oh, I don't know.
Wait, it's very important, man.
The one in the original movie was fantastic.
She was like about 80% of the movie.
She was great.
She had that evil look in her eyes.
Lookin'.
Did you google the Omen yet?
I'm on IMDbbbb.
Okay.
Which of these issues do you care about the most?
The War in Iraq 208, the economy 199, education 107, freedom of speech 98.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
That went out to window.
Was it this is Velocon?
Who?
The first Veloc.
That's the longest reason.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Right.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Veloc.
Velocity.
Velocity
Velocity.
to show up, kind of like asking Charles Hesseman if he wouldn't have shown up in
Columbine at the right or in Flint. I didn't fly planes into the building. I don't
know what you're talking about. Said, quote, or is she pause from signing copies of
Godless, the Church of Liberalism, published Monday. It was number one. Amazon.com
is best over the yesterday. Isn't that said? And the most she claims liberals
so visually use women with personal tragedies to advance political ends. Her
remarks were aimed in particular to group of New Jersey widows who quote her said
use their grief to attack President Bush and support Bush's one-time presidential
rival, Democrat John Kerry. Meanwhile, speaking of macho, oh, she is so me
as that Anne Colter. My God. He should have been that list of a 40-pound
weaklings. How to see this picture in the sea.
Well, that's right, baby. Oh, brother, what is it? It's alive.
Hillary Clinton lashed out at Anne Colter for a vicious mean-spirited attack on a
group of votes outspoken nine-level widows, whom the right wing television
punter described herself obsessed and enjoying their husband's deaths. Clinton
who has felt Colter's wrath over the years, responded angrily on Wednesday.
Perhaps her book should have been called Heartless, the senator said instead of
Godless, Heartless. I know a lot of the widows and family members who lost loved
ones on 11. They never wanted to be a member of a group that's defined by the
tragedy of what happened. The New York Democratic Ratton former First Lady
said she found it unimaginable that anyone in the public eye could launch a
vicious mean-spirited attack on people whom I've known over the last four and a
half years to be concerned deeply about the safety and security of our country.
Senator Spokke, after delivering a speech on protecting children from exposure to
sex and violence, saturated media, especially reading that them
Ken Star Report. 1213 at 560 WDQM of course we got that
indecency thing passed like I told you over a minute.
Norma Kent's going to send you an email about that just to catch you up on what's
going on. Okay we're so out of touch on this show you know. I mean what could
we possibly know about what's going on with that stuff? Exotic on Miami Beach is
fun and exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new product and
services from the adult industry. You better get over there and buy them this
weekend while they're still legal. Media adult stars including Jenna Jamison and
the club's and the girls, Tara Patrick and others take pictures you can brag
about for years. Shop for something sexy in the largest adult marketplace on the
East Coast before they outlaw all those things. Enjoy entertainment on
stage with acts ranging from the comedic stars around Jeremy who ought to be
outlawed to a 15 person male and female group growth performance.
Enjoy hours of entertainment for less comedy contests and much more.
Whatever way you decide to celebrate your sexiness enjoy it with Exotica
at the Miami Beach Convention Center promises to be a memorable
experience. Go to exoticamami.com that's with triple access 3x is exoticamami.com.
Buy your tickets check out who's coming and get in full on the nightly after parties.
exoticamami.com this weekend tomorrow Friday June 9th through Sunday the 11th at the
Miami Beach Convention Center must be 18 and over with valid ID.
They'll be checking your shoe size your age your goods exotic
Miami Beach a celebration of sexes. This is new Roger this is 5.60
Q.A. Okay just relaxes I guess I'm changing you know because I've got
Michael Bloomberg on there now okay talking about the the threat alert now in
New York because of the death of Alzerr Coway. I give the Arab street upset you
think there's gonna be something happening I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal
us to see where this is all going now how about a June surprise certainly before
November election surprise come every day the news is morning we have a yellow light
that must be oh my god they have something too high that's how they
make you lay it high what's really happy kind of stuff you move like a yellow light
the guy the corporate be your life and that's why we have a yellow light
got Roux
these
And they're talking about why you know in New York City where there's a much higher
level and then rest of the country all the time. Anyway, of course that's why I pushed
this because big chunks of these funding, the Homeland Security funding for New York
Washington. I mean who are they?
I don't know what's there.
Oh look at the band wig on that guy. Oh my god from the American Pacific Foundation.
No you gotta go back. Oh god. Look at that thing. I think it's moving. They got some
India guy on there that why is it that people from India were the worst hair pieces I have
ever seen in my life? I hadn't noticed.
No, no, there's plenty of them here. There's one guy at Woodline. Where's one that crawls
around a little bit? Oh my god. It's just I think it's because they have that kind of
like brown and dark browns. Well different shades of brown but like skin you know and when
you have a red hair piece on it's like kind of like a puse. I don't know what that is.
842 votes on a pool. Let's hop up over 900 by 1 o'clock and then we'll feel safe. Although
we don't feel very safe I'll tell you why. The US House of Representatives and thank
God that Norma Kent alerted me to this yesterday because I had no idea that this was going
on. Did you? No I hadn't heard that. Now we're still having a loop. The US House of Representatives
approved the Broadcast Decenty Enforcement Act of 2005 yesterday by a vote of do you see
what the vote was? No. 379 to 35. How about that? See we haven't got a prayer where we
got a Chinaman's chance in Hill. The Senate has already approved the bill now it hits
to the desk of the president which he'll sign it very very very quickly. The bill sets
the maximum amount for indecency fines at $325,000 with a $3 million fine as the maximum
for any continuing violations. Three million. We would have started auctioning off a lot
of stuff on eBay. Representing a threat up to the Republican
Amish and helping craft the House version of the indecency bill which had stronger language
and stiffer penalties he said yesterday we're entering the home and stretching getting
the filth and triple like smud off the public airways. I didn't know there was any triple
like smud on the public airways. Did you? No. No. Triple like smud. This is a show here.
Oh yeah well. At their current level listen we've had our balls chopped off let's face it.
We have been neutered and devolved by this president regime. Oh I got a paper a paper
jam. I'm jammed. Oh they have a whole stack of paper in mind that one. Yeah. Okay wait
let's get back at their current levels fines are more of a constant way we already
been through all that. Four representatives spoke last not last night but would have been
Wednesday at two then I would only represented Diane Watson Democratic California opposing legislation
according to broadcasting and cable what Watson said to bill was a weak attempt to solve
the issue and called it uncreative policy to the harm our creative community. Well no
question about that more and more man this is part of the growing fascism that's taken
over America to fix the lessons enabled us to happen your freedoms are disappearing thanks
to the Patriot Act and all these other acts and the FCC which is make it up as they go
along we like Joyce they have a lot in common they just make it up as they go along well
what is in decency where I will tell you well let's do when you do it it's kind of like
the speed limit you know there's no sign out there but the the the porcars are sitting
out there they'll let you know when you're going too fast we're just not going to post
any signs to fit it with the speed limit is oh you're too fast it's a $5,000 fine let's see
did you buy any chance see the date line show last night on teenage predators no I did not
or they're still doing that and then what is this series of 4,000 shows anyway and says
well ladyfacts we were talking about you as the program went on because we figured you
would jump right on this morning I don't understand yeah you jumped right on it I haven't
heard you mentioned the end that's because I didn't I wasn't even home to watch it much
less the guys were just grossed all of them and quite a few claim they had found religion
oh I see one was at an evangelical college another was 61 years old and claims it was
the first time he tried to chat on line with 13 year old girl another was a teacher
this is where the Catholics were with their wife and family have a nice day you two
and we thought you jump right on this morning see it I mean they're getting a little bit
you know obviously it's a grotesque thing but it's a little bit over when you say a little
overkill yeah obviously they're going to be using this for you know the crack down yeah
well some of these people have a crack problem yeah you know I very seldom do this but yesterday
well I wanted this couple of times but this story by this article by Russell Shaw which
I noticed is our most red story on our website today and Josh got the stories on there
before nine o'clock this morning too nice going all right and culture bitches to kind
of word for you I this is worth this is worth reading again I like because if you heard
it the first time you need to hear it again and if you missed it the first time it's worth
because this needs to be said this she is the epitome of what the whole right wing in America
is all about she she's the poster child right for evil you know your president keeps talking
about evil doers in this and the only evil doers I think is in a bottle I think he's
drinking a lot of it Russell Shaw said and this was written keep in mind Tuesday is that
the issue was on today yeah Tuesday earlier today that today shows Matt Lauer challenged
right wing pundit and caught her on this charming statement of hers the self obsessed
women seem genuinely unaware that nine level was in stack on our nation and acted like
as if the terrorist attack only happened to them they believe the entire country was
required to marinate in their squizzet personal agony apparently the announcing bush was
part of the closure process then Matt said and this is part of the part I really need to
talk to you about she had written in her book these broads are millionaires lion eyes
on TV and articles about them reveling in their statuses celebrities and stocked by grief
paratis I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much because they dare speak
out master ass Matt last Lauer and quarter then said something of the fact that they left
loves the fact that by being widows these women exude a certain gravitas of quotability
well and if you believe these are reveling millionaire broads and I invite you to be a fly
on the wall tonight a fly on the wall is one of these widows looks at her dead husbands
picture under desk remembers the finer times a fly on a wall is one of these widows looks at the
other side of what was her marriage bet and sees no one there a fly on the wall is one of these
widows introduces a new male friend or children and they instantaneously that yet only to themselves
wonder if he'll be as kind of loving to their mother as their slain father was a fly on the wall
is one of these widows listen to a new audio tape by Osama bin Laden and wonders why the man who
was the ultimate mastermind of her husband's murder hasn't been caught a fly on the wall is one
of these widows kneels in prayer looks up to have a deputy projected presence of her slain husband's
and with tears and rice says i'm doing this for you because you can't sweetheart speaking out
a fly on the wall is one of these widows reads her here's ancotard hurtful spiteful words and dams
ancotard a hell i'm no authority on the next life ancotard but i know something about this life
and in this life consigning you to vitch them is to kind of nasi nation and worst the other
worst the last page oh don't tell me i left the last page of it off oh no no maybe jishless
the light is the most important part that would not be something i'm sure you didn't it's probably
my bad let's see where the hell is it where is it Josh i there it is keep all right no no i'm just
i'm just going back to our website trying to play me uh okay he says i've got a better see
here's the comes the ii icing on the cake and didn't print out i've got a better word for you
ancotard the word that rhymes with a football teams often do on fourth down amen to which i say
all right second and third that emotion you nasty skanky bitch you phony baloney right wing saw
her god is she a piece of crap yes she is that she's a man now i think she is got it out of that
she's got a man thing mm-hmm her and miss fudge well maybe they should always works because it's
well maintained nobody comes in and dittles with it you know how you're going to get your
nails going on over here eight hundred and fifty four votes on the pool while i'm just stalling for
time oh wait a minute we're good we're good to go all right
