Yeah, right. You're sounds coming out of Toronto. Yeah, but not the one that the
Joyce of it all upset about. Well, there may be that may come yet. Oh, that sound. So what did I miss?
Martin Luther King, the yesterday. Let's see. I don't know. I had and once with Joe. Yeah. What a guy, huh?
Very nice. Got a great GM at 2 a.m. They like that now. We need to say a two to four guy. You see
George's pull. I helped me. Showers. Yeah. I beg your pardon? You helping with this pull?
I'll let's not get into that. Put it together.
A symbol. You're the one. I was looking for names like they were going to that. Yeah, it's good
thing you put Evan Cohen on there or what's his name? Sarni had been all upset. The only problem is
he only got seven votes. Hey, Sarni, you can give multiple publicity. You want nobody knows who that is.
What a jackass that Sarni is. Anyway, speaking of a bad officiating. Wow. Yeah.
That one of the most pathetic. Now, I'm not saying I'm not one of those poor losers. I mean,
when you give the ball away five times like the Patriots did and they were scores four of the times,
even over a couple of bad calls, you know, they gave the game away. They could have actually won that
game. Didn't play that well, but they should have won the game. They gave it away. Yeah, that was
turnovers. You came right with you can't turn the ball over five times in a playoff game on the road,
but conversely in a steer Indianapolis game, I'm going to tell you two things, which you already
obviously know. And I got the from sports illustrator.com. The NFL says the referee made a mistake,
tried Palomalu, caught the ball. Yeah, we talked about that yesterday. I mean, give me a break. He
rolled over about 85 times. He ended up even saw a dog roll over that many times and he had to ball
for like how many seconds when you said, I would know his knee, but I mean, but about and a
referee is full of crap. In addition to which how about the no call on Randall L who got tackled
and when they were driving for a touchdown that long bomb. I mean, he officiating was just he got
tackled on that play and they didn't call interference. And then of course, a coward also almost
helped his own cause and blow into game because instead of when he stopped blitzing Manning when
he stopped the all out blitzing, how about when he stopped throwing a ball? Yeah, I mean, he started
playing. I mean, how many times have you seen a team try to protect the lead and then blow it?
Yeah, I think they won in spite of coward. Yes. That's right. Yeah. And then at the end of the game,
well, he outcoached Tony Dungee. Well, I didn't say it to him. I don't agree with that. We almost
outcoached himself. I don't agree that he outcoached Tony. I agree. I think, you know, it wasn't
Dungee's fault that they lost. That's right. People keep saying that, you know, it was Dungee
gave him too much time off. Well, yeah, I had time off too. It didn't affect them. Yeah.
What I tell you about the risk ends, by the way. Overrated. Yeah. Overrated. They can't have no
offense. They can't score any points. Well, I'm going to win too many games with 10 points. They
were scoring 35 points a game until the last week of the season. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. But,
yeah, that was not their playoff game. That was against the girls teams. Well, it was against
the giants. Like I said, how'd the giants do in this game? Dallas. Yeah. Like I said, pretty weak
division. I disagree with that. I'm pretty good at that. When you come back to the end of
that. Yeah. I think the NFC is pretty weak, except for the good teams like the Saints. But
anyway, now we don't want to argue about that. But we got important stuff like that poll about
who's going to do two to four for Moe. And what are we going to talk about now? I wonder for the next
80 years. Al Gore speech. Yeah. I said that to George yesterday. You know, Greg has gone
and no Moe. So we're totally out of material. All the losers. All the leaders lose his. No,
yeah, right. That's that was the allegation. What is he going to talk about now? If I really,
we'll talk about whatever we want to talk about, including him. But I'll get to that later.
Anyway, George's poll. Let's see. Anyone in suds. Well, that's not going to happen because
obviously with clearance involved here, we're not going to do another non-sports. That was me.
I said anyone in suds. Oh, did you really? Yeah. Oh, well, maybe you'd like to come back and do
a couple hours. I mean, I'll take a little nap. Place all your early bets to the early wagering.
Come back and do two to four. See, the ideal situation, which isn't going to happen, would be mad
dog two to six. I think they'd like to see that happen. And I know that they already tried that.
The only problem is, I mean, don't not going to do that. Being the smart guy that he is,
he's already got his great skin. We were four to seven, which usually boils down to four to six,
30 because of hockey games and marlins games and all of these things. Right. So he's not going
to for the same money to four hours where he's doing most of the time, two and a half hours now.
You know, he's ready to do four hours. I am. Oh, what is that start? Oh, look at the schedule tomorrow.
Hank, six to ten. Oh, right. That will not be happening either. No, no. No, we don't have a problem
there. We got the big O. And by the way, the big O is doing a hell of a job. Five to seven. No,
be messing with that. No, he is rock solid rock solid early morning hours before most people are awake.
The hero guy, by the way, had the wrong and very good. What a very jackass. Right about. He said that
there was no interest in bowl camp or he's got another job or whatever. Oh, there's there is
interest there. And I think both interested too. Oh, Kimbo wants to do two to four. He'd do it.
Well, what would your pick be between Curtis and Kimbo camp? I know offense to Curtis,
but I would throw bow in there. You throw bow? Yep. Go ahead. I'll tell you what. You better go
into training if you're going to be doing that. Yeah. If you can't even handle roll marks. First
of all, he is about eight feet tall in the ways of about six hundred pounds. Yeah. Why is
great with football? He's a good basketball talker and he's kind of dull. I mean, he's a good guy.
I like him a lot. And he's got that cow out there in front of the university doug. Yeah.
One that they brought in from Dan Douds. So you would put Curtis in there?
I'd have to do it. Okay, with me. What's wrong with developing a young guy that I read rehashing
the same old jocks, you know? I mean, with all due respect to Kimbo, I like a lot. He's a dull.
I mean, he's a good guy, but dull, kind of like your buddy. Terrific guy. And some of the other
dullards. I mean, you know, I mean, look at the people on this list. The Crow.
No, this is like a, this is a comedy list. Gildy. Oh my god. No. First of all, he can't do it
anyway. He's out of town half of the time with those hockey squeaks. The beast Eddie Kay, who's
definitely not coming out of his script for the daytime. He's not, no, he's not going to give up the
daytime racetrack. Uh, Joseph Gackie, no comment. Let him artes a little humor there, you know.
Jesse Aggra, I never heard Jesse on the air. So I'm not going to rip him too much.
Troy. Oh, no comment. And Evan Cohen's only got seven votes. He's not in deep. Oh, I thought
deep. Oh, and me full. And Joe Ros did well on here. He did better than any of the other sports
nerds, but he's out of contract over there. Now that would be good. Wouldn't that? That's an
old brainer. But like you say, he's got a contract. Does he really? Yeah. Are you sure of that? Yes.
Oh, well, in that case, uh, cross him out and suds that ain't going to happen because they don't
want a non sports show. So, uh, Curtis, I can tell you, I can tell you this. They would have made
that move a long time ago if Joe didn't have a contract. Right. Well, let me just say right now,
Joe, uh, isn't the one who left on his own. They showed him off the door. They invited him to leave.
But then he was the previous regime, you know. Well, let's do one. Let's do sushi. And then,
of course, you go into hiding. See, rather than talk about your clothes, I'd rather rip an ass
to that place. I'd rather rip the other guy that just left a little appreciating him. Man,
you talk about leaving. Just creating a nightmare on this. Even though, of course, he is our consultant.
But, uh, wow. Just unbelievable stuff. I was thinking about the day that he and Norma
can't were supposed to meet to extend my contract, which eventually happened through a lot of grief,
as you know, those deals. But, uh, and I did a pull that day who's gotten screwed over worst at QAM.
I don't remember what precipitated. I made this after one of your suspensions. And, uh, so the
meeting got canceled two o'clock. I call up Norma Kent, my agent. He says, oh, Philist call the
tummy. The meeting was canceled. Greg didn't like the tone of your pull today. Oh,
like a child, man, like an infant. I mean, we're talking about business and his feelings were
heard. He didn't like the tone of the pull, like an overgrown child, you know. See, now we're right,
when I, you met, you know, you met the new guy and he had lunch with him. Now we have run
in a business as opposed to monkey business. That's what was going on before. It was a fraternity.
It was Reg's private club, not a, we're not a business. I'll tell you what I like. Yeah, what do
you like? The emphasis on sales. Yes, that's right. You know, it's already the impact it's had.
He's scared to hell out of some of those people. You ain't seen nothing yet. There's no
say. I'm sure that's come right from the horse's mouth, too. Or so's my, my phone rang at two
fifteen. Oh, by the way, Saturday morning. Holy moly. Guess how many minutes I was at
Woodbine Saturday morning. How many? Twenty five. Why? What happened? I just looked into the good
machine, mine and it gave me like, it cost me a $250 investment and it gave me a couple of
spins and gave me the two fifteen coins right back and about ten minutes later, but I'm
being there's three thousand on the line and I ran out of there. I cashed my coins and ran out
the door. Now yesterday that was another story. But you don't want to hear about that. Now I was
one of those days when chasing paid off. I was losing. Anybody that says that those machines aren't
on computer programs. Anybody who tells you that is either ill informed or just a liar
because give me a break. I had a very good day Saturday at Santa and neither. Thank God.
I can't play the racing. It's called a gallstream. It's just well, but the Santa
and neither car was very playable and I did well and then Sunday I had both football winners.
It was a good weekend. What's not to like? I started out losing my ass yesterday made most of it
back with a phenomenal comeback because I found a good machine mine. So there you go. You know,
when you cut your losing down to almost nothing you feel like you're one million. So life is good
man. That's all we can say here at QAM, life is sweet. Nothing to be sweeter than the
$$$$. They were without the tweeter. Where were the tweeter was? I don't know.
But I used to work with a guy at Sarasota's name was Peter Johns. We used to call him the tweeter.
Peter the tweeter? Yeah. Peter the tweeter. Well don't ask me. I don't know. Make sense of anything.
That's radio. By the way, there will be a memorial for Chuck.
Since they're in Hank, I'll be there. Can I start this afternoon? No, that was yesterday.
Did you go? No, we're having a forum at the Olympia Theatre Saturday morning. At what time?
It's either at 10 or 11. I'll let you know tomorrow. Okay. So how come you weren't there yesterday?
Because I'm doing a one here. Well yeah, you don't want to go all the way to Boka.
No, it's a yeah, there was one for his Palm Beach guys. I guess and one for the ones down here.
Well good. So I'm working with somebody on it and it'll be great. It'll be a proper tribute.
Excellent. Well, well deserved. Yep. On that note, have a wonderful day. We got to like cut these a
little bit short now because we actually got some spots over the long of these days. Oh, by the way,
are we going to have something for Mo? What do you mean? Well, he's gone. Oh, right at the
beginning. I got a new moment. Oh, okay. I'll be listening. I'm sure you will. Have a nice day.
Ostemaniana. And you? No. No. No. No. No. No.
Oh, my checker. Now you can't take home around the home. Oh, that makes my my
store. The best years of what remains of my life I gave in his place.
Just for all time like we don't go in hell on the fields of the blissfully and pertinent.
走. I have high lun重要.
not use and ask.
lifeless
ah
I do for the kind and I draw one down.
I go through my orchestra and clean out my desk.
That is a fire we had in order to start a desk,
as led up to poker to the fireplace
and watch the shoppers from a bench.
That's a good question.
I walk the way in with a burger in a selfless way
when he got to the end of that morning for a day to eat today.
I'm even hitting a abuse for it all the way in the day.
I'm playing a lesson, maybe.
I'm playing a lesson.
I'm playing a lesson.
I'm playing a lesson.
Wow.
Bye bye bye!
Oh, is that time already?
Man, the show went well, didn't it?
10, 13, at 5, 60, WQA, at no mole.
We got a new GM.
We got Maddie Bell as the GM at Power 96.
Don't step on him now.
Man, all kinds of stuff going on.
Maybe the beastly finally took some smart pills or something like that.
Why is that?
Anyway, let's do the break.
Because we like back there.
So it was in that long crossover with the Humper,
where you had a lot to catch up on,
including the really bad officiating in the NFL playoffs,
really especially in the Steve Ecclesiastical game.
That was just pathetic.
Even Josh would agree with that.
Definitely, yeah.
No, it's sad.
And nearly a damn near cost in the game.
But anyway, maybe they had a big bet.
You know, it's that time of the year again,
a lot of you made new years resolutions.
You want to get rid of that unhealthy nasty-looking fact.
Well, this year you have the best chance
it's balanced for life,
where they bring in the food that delicious good stuff
in a little black sack every morning,
and you're all set for the whole day.
And the beast is on it too,
and if he ever shows his fat ass in there,
and starts getting on the scale and giving us some information,
we can tell you what his progress is, too.
What could be easier than getting three gourmet meals
and two delicious snacks delivered every day right to your doorstep
in that little black sack,
and still lose the weight like crazy?
Why would you want to join a gym, fight the traffic,
or try some of those dangerous pills
or the other crap that doesn't work with no results anyway?
Sign up for balance for life.
They give you a weekly menu.
You actually pick up the stuff that you want
for each meal and snack every day,
and they do all the work.
They prepare delicious meals.
They deliver them right to your doorstep,
at your work, at your home,
and the weight that pours off your fat ass.
So this year, save your life.
Get in the zone with balance for life.
Call them right now, full of free.
At 1-866-225-4543.
That's 1-866-225-4543,
or you can get more information on them on the web
at balanceforlife.com.
Don't wait. Call them now.
I mentioned you a Roger's at QM,
and get two free days of food this week.
If you will mention QM or an old meal.
1-866-225-4543.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-69-A.
Neil God.
I swear that my admission,
I'm a bag who likes to be bald.
I'm here to be part of this mission.
It's not to put that crowd on.
I'll be ready to see that through the small game it's a lot.
You're very good so far, don't you?
You're a good guy,
but I'm a good, a good, a good, a good, a good guy.
Welcome.
I'm a good guy, I'm a good guy,
I'm a good guy, I'm a good guy,
I'm a good guy, I'm a good guy,
I'm a good guy, I'm a good guy,
I'm a good guy, I'm a good guy,
I'm a good guy, I'm a good guy,
I'm a good guy, I'm a good guy,
it's not to put that crowd on.
Here goes his emotions.
Come to the shop!
I'm with news on the bench tones.
You know what, I could spend.
I'm hanging out with a chosen dude.
I like to be wearing a dress.
I have a mask on.
I mean myed sencha won't myam sont haircut it one
Itaah taahpa, bon them kids banwar, eenster boar
then the boy needs toカービ太肉
He salty nice okra
Itais k 1gb usb ko ni
you shit
you shit suck Ieta
Oh, well, you know, Josh, what story do you think on Saturday that you put on our website had by far and away the most
readership I'd answer that but I don't remember you know
Yes, but how about the one where the headline was Ricky Martin outraged over controversy caused by his golden shower comment
You remember that story I do
Actually, everything was over the weekend. Yeah, I don't really so did everybody else well
Latin-Cooner Ricky Martin has expressed outrage over controversy that emerged after we told the the US music magazine
That he enjoyed golden showers the act of hearing and another person. Wasn't that a song by L. Jolson when golden showers and you away?
Huh, remember that was it was an April April golden showers
I never heard the pop star was especially upset by statements by conservative leaders in his native Puerto Rico
Who said he should give up his charitable foundation and helps deprived and depraved children?
I love giving the golden shower. He told blender magazine earlier or a magazine. Oh, man
I've done it before in the shower. It's like so sexy. You know the temperature of your body and the shower water is very different
But in the statement posted on and by the way for you Ricky Martin fans
You have picked up the a national inquirer
There is a quite a picture of him and comporting with one of his male friends on the beach
You have to see it to believe it
Anyways, it's been a statement posted on his webpage
He said he never thought his comments would lead us to an absurd political discussion has become sensationalist
In other words, he doesn't he doesn't deny it or retract his statement. He likes it
I demand respect for my foundation and our works had Martin who's best known for his 99 hit live and love eat a bit over
The Clark well there's a middle of his smash okay, that's enough stop with the music already when golden showers
So a Ricky Martin in on the tweets its own he enjoyed the golden showers
And of course, I'm sure that a whole lot more people read that you want to read it
He made copies of it just said it all your friends posted on the tearroom doors
Alderman America it was on Saturday stories anyway
Here's the Georgia's pull from yesterday which Dan and he stole the pull I would have taken today, but that's okay
I'll forget lazy no
I had the respect it was Martin Luther King day and I was told the state of hell away now I wasn't told that
They'd just given the option and so and actually I spent all day plunging my brains out trying to get my money back in the
Eventually got a lot of it back it was brutal anyway
Who should replace Moe Howard David did is the pull question today or yeah, yeah, whatever was
13 at 18 votes
Anyone in suds now Hank came up with that he said I want to play you would have come up with that
Oh, I think Hank suggested it mom be damned
381 said that but why is Hank suggesting that I shouldn't ask him that it says not being a sports guy
Maybe Hank realizes we don't need any more sports shows we already got like you know Hank in a mad dog and
Any Kate Knight and then whatever was a
Big no show they're being no show they're being no show
Three anyone said anyone in suds so that leads by sitting in miles
But of course we don't know who that anyone would be and it does just you know
What does that mean anyone in suds like like looking a white page of the phone book and pick a name sure?
None to be above 207 that was a strong second place Joe Rose 152
But of course Joe has got a contract over across the street
Which I guarantee you right now from what I'm hearing he's probably not too happy about the fact that he's got a contract over there
You know when you think I would probably come back in a second now that certain people are gone
But nevertheless I doubt the bitch right now. I'm sure
Don't talk about Joel that way now
Curtis Stevenson 133 so all the real possibilities Curtis leads a pretty heavy duty lead in there
What would you say absolutely? I told him so yesterday afternoon as I saw
Absolutely, yeah
I gave him my vote now see Hank goes for a Kimba because the two of them are you know sports
Mirage a go-way back a long time and maybe he's intimidating see Hank is intimidated by big like
Rale Martinism Kim who are like huge guys that could just beat this not on him step on his fat ass probably smart
Yeah
Curtis 133 Orlando the big oh how do you like that a real sleeper?
He's got 8080 came in the second occurred as a lock solid, but he's doing so well there five to seven
You know, I'm sure that the new GM Joe is not going to want to mess with success if it works if it's not broken
Don't fix it right five to seven is positively rock solid right now keep him in here when people are sleeping Steve
Geltie Gelsstein 72 votes. That's kind of shocking
I'll release it'll keep you waking the early afternoon hours
Jeff DeFoto for a 69. I'm sure he's also got a contract over there at least we can hope
Kim Bo camper 51 he was kind of like Midland on the list in the middle but not to you know not too hot
Not too cold like the porridge war in the crow crow crow Marty is now we get into the comedy your names the crow had 39 the beast 33
Right any K 23 who I'm sure prefers being on the late at night when it no there's no
Well nobody in the building
Lenny Martez 18 or Joseph Gackie 19 and Lenny 18 so easy to forget Joe who needs a personality transplant
Jesse Agler 15 twice Bradford 11 choice fall in many notches a lot of our
Mines lately by the way how we deal in Troy with anything or that's right and Evan Cohen had Solomon Paciate
They only seven that's because nobody knows who he is
He might be the best thing since sliced bread but nobody ever heard him in sped a gym sarnies
Herkieleian efforts to make him into a superstar
There isn't one column about local sports talk that Jim Sarni doesn't go on and on all Evan Cohen 760 in Palm Beach
760 to most of us is WJR and Detroit
Where JP McCarthy is doing shows from the other side now?
How many years have been dead he been dead a long time?
So at any rate Evan Cohen was dead last with only seven votes. So I don't know maybe he's great
You never heard him right? Well Josh never heard him
It's definitely a time that when we terms he read the gym sarnies crap
So I kind of like I still say Curtis. Let's put a vote in for Curtis. Oh
And let me just say this okay before we move on because I know you already got one crank call yesterday
And it's fine with me. I can cure what well you guys what you want and you finally forced out of the door
I was asked about that last my
30-minute conversation last week with Joe Bell about that situation and I gave him a little bit of background about the
Hostility in the building, but I said don't put me in that position because I really I don't play that game
I'm not gonna be involved in other people's so I had nothing to do with that
I didn't say yes. No, whatever do whatever you want you know and
They had their little lunch and it was decided you know, would you like to stay or would you like us to pay you off?
For two months to go away now and the most and of course who the hell wouldn't right?
If somebody gives you a chance to get in pay for two months to go out and play golf and listen to the radio at home all day
I have no right you'd probably take the money right?
Take the money in one
So we certainly I'm sure that there are people in the building who wish more all the best
I don't know who they might be but maybe if you think hard you'll come up with an aim
Think about it for a couple hours
Wish him all the best in his future endeavors were at whatever place you decides to theorize next
26 past 10 at 560 WQ I am with lightning quick speeds the latest features and security
Comcast high-speed internet leaves DSL in the dust and today you can get on board for just
995 a month for three months with an always on connection speed of six megabytes
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL 1.5 and up to a hundred times faster than dial up
Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games who just surfing your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus when you sign up for
Comcast high-speed internet you get instant access to pre-peachers like the fan video mail
Comcast raft city radio plus it up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few not only that
But you get macapy security tools included so you can be assured that your internet experience will always be safe and secure
So what are you waiting for start doing more faster than ever?
Sun up for Comcast high-speed internet today for just
995 a month for three months you'll wonder how you ever managed to live without it call in Broward 954 Comcast or
In day 305 Comcast today call for details certain restrictions apply in Broward 954 Comcast or in date of course 305 Comcast
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
Up from a sparkle
Stop there's a filter that is now
Right stop for a barrier so run
Some days you say that he is fine
Some days you say he has my line
So come on and let us know
Will he stay or will he go
I'm dying of a hair
He would not pay face to face
He has a stroke for heaven's sake
I think someone is telling lies
Don't even know if he's alive
Maybe he's doing just so so
What's up with Ariel Shabo
I will say this is Dr. Tula go on a diet what a sense of humor huh
What's your thing maybe a little bit late?
Oh look at that Israel's old mayor their old blood of the sky's name once Palestinian peace talks
Oh hey hey we don't want to do that because it will spoil everybody's fun
That word I mean why should there be peace over there they've been killing each other for thousands of years
And that's what keeps it interesting
Anyway and now let me just say this that's very exciting for all of us is that this most
Situation which is best heard for what we're gonna say about four years
Okay, but unlike our previous regime we now have a general manager who is a decisive in other words the sales
Situation of Hank evidently indicated they must have discussed it there. I'm just in lunch
All of these things
Here's a guy that comes in and hands on situation deals with them doesn't let them fester or rock or create
All of his crap that goes on see that's a bad situation when management just like kind of like a hands off to the extent
They look the other way and just don't get involved and let bad things fester, you know this guy's not her tcb
That's right then you out of a sudden you have like a like a smell of a dumpster like rotting garbage
You know yeah, like when you walk into our building up up until about a week or two ago you smell oh man
What's that somebody must have cut some really bad cheese it? No, that's not it. It was the festering all the
Hookworms and the oh man you can smell it from like a mile away
In fact people over there at the at that old Farts home as there were swooning just from the aroma coming through the window
Of course, that could have been the dingleberry is but nevertheless
So thanks to Joe Bell for like you know one way or the other handling things and the moving on as opposed to like this
This previous kind of like in a dream world regime, you know
I don't know what he was thinking. Well, I do know what he was thinking, but that's not kind of that
I just I don't want to like dwell on this because then we have a lot of non sports people out there including George
But I do think it's worth the sports illustrate in it and also a lot of people I know this are reading this on our website
Even Josh probably read by the way. I mentioned but I love to to you about
What's his name? Diane mark potman or something?
What about him?
Nothing why is that important because he's kind of a Denise potman? I guess that's why why is that why would you even mention it?
I would never mention it wouldn't you? No, it's 38 so
If you think like a 28th of die every day, do you have any idea who mark potman was just from you mentioning it?
I never mentioned mark potman. I don't know who the hell he was. He was related to Denise potman
You got the wrong potman man. I'm sorry. You're hoping for Denise potman to be dying. Well, that's right now
Now you're talking see I never heard you're talking my language. What? I never heard of who?
Yeah
Mark potman my ass get out of here
The NFL says the referee made a mistake try a polymer maloo cut the ball boy a great player bad hero
But he's a great player even Josh would agree with that
Definitely bad hair. You don't think he's a hell of a player? Yeah, I do. I think he's good
But league ignores he's a great player. He wrote a lot of big plays in that game
He's willing for the bad hair though. Come on
I don't care about his hair. You're fairy. The league ignores Monday that referee Pete Morelle
This this referee is so he had to be in jail
Well after that long long review and then he comes up with that kind of a ruling
He aired when he overturned the replay and polamaloo's interception of a patent may sandy patent many by the way
Payton do fair pass Sunday in the playoff game between the Colson
They stealers Mike Pereira the league's vice president of officiating said in a statement
Then Morelle should have let the call in the field stand. It was an interception
He fumbled and kicked it out of his hand fumbled and recovered his own fumble stealer ball first down
What kind of so they let the somebody was that a big bet on that game?
I don't want to see who it might have been what kind of crap was that
He maintained position long enough to establish a catch for her said therefore the replay review should have upheld the call in the field
It was a catch and a fumble and recovered his own fumble stealer ball first down
After the reversal made with 526 left and Prince first went over to Colson Indianapolis run on the score touchdown
And a two-point conversion shaving the league to 21 18 and then of course the fumble on the two-yard line the bus
Almost had a bus right there didn't we on the right to go line
And then of course thank goodness that my bander jack wide-right missed the a 46-yard field
Would have tied up the game and would have been a gross a Rex grossment of injustice if that would have happened
How about the bears by the way do they stuck or what actually they made a question I thought of it
To be fine to them to lose the Carolina they I thought Carolina let him back in the game also
I thought they kind of stumped the joint out there late, but nevertheless as long as the Patriots are gone
Like I said, it's not important that the Patriots won but that the quotes lost okay, but everything you think that I really expected them to be 10
Ver in Denver. Yeah, you know it did not know I hope for it. I didn't expect it. No you're wrong
I anticipated the worst and they played the as bad of a game as they could fight to an overstate deserve to lose bye-bye
You know all at least they got three Superbow rings how about the bucks they got one how about the dolphins?
Oh
Anyway, speaking of local issues the beesley that the beesleys are all over the place. This is really incredibly you know it is
Right language
Everywhere you look you got your bells the new gn Greg is our consultant. Oh man
That that would be like you know what that's like
That would be like eight-off Hitler being a consultant on
Jewish Christian relations you call that a consultant. Yeah, they'll be like Michael Jackson being a consultant on
Fathering you know and it's just wow we'd like a Catholic priest giving
Instructions on marriage to young people
Oh, I know that's why I'm standing
Ridiculous
Anyway, and for 30 years now I've been asking anybody ever meet a straight priest and the answer is still no you have two categories
You have those priests to our gay and those who are liars
Anyway, beesley elevates bell to power gm. And it's of course little Maddie Bell. All right
You know stand your side of the building by the way Maddie
We took a poll before the show and unanimous everybody says hey, uh, we won't step on you
But they stay over there with power don't come anywhere near us and don't be interfering in the old show
And don't be picking on a little George anymore
He just likes picking on you because you're almost as sure as he is almost
Yeah, Maddie Bell he comes up to George's knees which always comes in handy by the way
Anyway, Maddie steps up from his longtime role as general sales manager beesleys
CHR rhythmic power 96 Miami to take on additional responsibilities for programming and promotional activities at the station
He replaces Greg Reed who left with his contract expired at the end of 2005
Bell will report directly to beesley president and see oh oh
Bruce Beasley who I understand was in the building they had a meeting for about two minutes the other day to announce this
Right now he said we're gonna be number one the power and that was the end. They everybody said okay
Go home go all the way back to Boka wherever you came from for this important two-minute meeting
Well, I got a chance to eyeball Bruce Beasley
Then that worth driving all the way from wherever they came from oh, sorry. I was listening to TV
Matthew was devoted
As devoted as broadcast and career the mommy market has been instrumental in the long-term success of power 96
But Beasley said we don't know where kid curry went by the way. Is he anybody seen him lately now?
No, I'm delighted that mad has agreed to take on these additional responsibilities
I'm confident that Beasley and power 96 will maintain their leadership positions in this important market their positions
Gotta say that right being actively involved in the emergence and growth of power to become one of my means leading radio stations
It's been a driving force and highlight of my career Bell says I look for and also a messing up with George and trying to get him fired
And the rest and the the titling to a Greg Reed
He was one of Greg's em moles, you know
You don't understand that all your people out there in the audience. That's why we pick on Maddie Bell
He was part of that inner circle and I was reward for his stock-upsmanship he gets to be GM
What that's like that word stock-upsmanship you copyright that word again
Yes, I have a copyright and I have copyrighted before the show
Bell says I look forward to working with an exceptional team of people and together furthering power 96 during popularity
Plain lot more that filthy music while focusing on new avenues of growth
The 28-year broadcast industry veteran Bell began his career WQA Mimey is an AE is a Greg Reed
suck man
He has served in the role of GSM at what well if there's gonna be suck-suffsmanship
There's gonna be Sucksman and power for 20 years with named Beasley General Man
General sales manager of the year 87 99 and you go Maddie you little short for you. You're so a person
Well, it goes to show you
Goes to show it's a good lesson for all your kids out there if you suck up heavy duty man for years and years and years
You move your way to the top so to speak
At any rate Maddie Bell is still around so it goes to show you nothing's perfect
And that sales department I guess those people are probably like having green apple christop today
I fear and about Hank's commentary and his meeting with Joe Bell
Wouldn't you think I would think wow gonna be some my heads rolling back there
Instead of putting up with it. Oh, well, we can't sell it the rates are too high
We can't do this and who are those guys under here anyway
Yeah
Revolving door we had done their cozy so it goes to show you that in spite of the fact there are a few idiots out there
I think I'm a hard ass and then I pick on people
You know, I if people do a good job. I'll log them from here to the end of the world, you know
Like mad dog for example, I'm ever gonna pick on him. No even if he is from me she can you know nobody's perfect
But people aren't doing a job because see I know this comes as a great surprise to some including your buddy Troy
I show up every day at least verbally anyway to do a job not not from monkey business
But for real business. That's what I show up for if I want to do monkey business
There's nobody in that building. I want to do monkey business with trust me when I tell you
Believe me
400 well, so do the breaking that we'll do today's poll thanks by the way to a shawna up there
Thank God for that because when I came back from wood buying yesterday about 6 30 last night
I looked on here. I I knew you would do it too. I mean there was no doubt
Yeah, that's the right thing to do you know like Tessio said it was a smart move
To do that poll about who's gonna replace mode to the poll right and I was the Curtis poll the day by the way
Really in other words you had a preliminary one before that just a little homeless poll
A
Homeless poll about what about beating homeless to death stuff. Yeah, do you think I'd be anywhere should you use the paintball gun?
10 42 at 5 60 WQM dry concepts is the best carpet cleaning company in the universe
I've used them for over 20 years in my homes
I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else and now they want to make your life a lot easier
During this month during January dry concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding
Maintenance contract dry concepts maintenance contract gives you savings and real peace of mind too
Enjoy the benefits of their plant carpet dry cleaning service
Not only will you say 50% off the regular prices, but you'll also enjoy the added benefit of knowing that dry concepts will be there when you need them
Dry concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach as opposed to the common clean dirty carpet approach
Don't be fooled by those 1995 specials that leave your carpet soaked for days on end without treating the problems
That really I made them filthy in the first place you made an investment your carpets opposed to injury
We let dry concepts protect that major investment their professional staff fully certified their
Service and standard are absolutely positively unmatched
So take the word out of having your home sanitized all year long by signing up for dry concepts maintenance program
Call today and date right into Palm Beach. It's a toll free call. You'll be glad you didn't believe me
1 800 248
5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 or on the wicked web it's dry concepts.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5 60 QA
Take off those checker pants. Yo, what's up?
This is Marcus Rick full of Virginia Tech and soon to be NFL quarterback
Yo, have you heard about the hottest new dance in the ghetto?
Uh-oh. Well, yo, do me one favor, baby
Lay on the ground. Uh-huh. Don't problem
Snap. That's close
Stop what the new dance is called stop you lay your hose on the ground and stop on
Yeah, stop
I said it's cold stop stop
That's right, baby. This is Marcus Vicks. They in stomp them home
Stop too many of this around. I think all right. I do love Vicks on my throat and wintertime man
I was enjoying something like who doesn't like sniffing Vicks. I love it other people don't
Really really are you serious about Josh? You ever use Vicks? Yeah, it's a it's got its purpose
I don't know what that means
I'm not asking about Vaseline. I'm talking about Vicks. Yeah, it's okay. It's got its purpose. What did that mean?
Sounded like something really sub-roser to me. Let's hear a little bit more about that. Wrecked. I wonder where Josh is sticking the old Vicks
So it's a little bit on the um uh strong side to be uh a lot of one to get away. It burns wow. Yeah exactly
I think uh Josh has got the Vaseline jar confused with the Vicks jar. No wonder it's got that burning love anyway
This dressed in to our newsroom
Our newsroom. Oh by the way the Steelers won. There's some news
Lisa and I never really liked the Steelers until they were playing the calls
I'm just seeing how your legions has changed and the Patriots lost that's news
And the a bucks lost a week before they didn't win their playoff game the first one at all got the their clock cleaned
I just thought I'd mention that again too. Do you want to start up with that? How many playoff games the bucks
This year mr. Smartass how many turnovers that they have in their game now how many games that they win in the playoffs this year mr.
Buckman anyway
Supreme Court upholds overgone suicide law
Another another shot at the Bush administration. I'll ride
The Supreme Court which he just is John Roberts is sending of course
Upheld over guns one of a kind physician-assisted suicide law today
We're jaking a Bush administration attempt to punish doctors who up terminal ill patients die. Oh Dr.
Jack of Orchid where are you now still in jail in Michigan no doubt
Justices on the six-three votes said the 97-a-regon law used to win the lives of more than 200 seriously old people trump federal authority to regulate doctors
That means the administration improperly tried to use a federal drug law to prosecute a regon doctors who prescribe overdoses
Then attorney general john ascroft found to do that in 2001 saying that doctor-assisted suicide is not a legitimate medical purpose
Just as Anthony Kennedy writing for the majority said the federal government does indeed have the authority to go after drug dealers and
Pass rules for health and safety
But organs lock-up is only extremely sick people those with incurable diseases whom at least two doctors agreed
I have six months or less to live and our sound mind unlike of course Terry and her cheers another story altogether
Today's decision is a reprimand of sorts for ass croft
Kennedy said the authority claimed by the attorney general is both beyond his expertise and in Congress with these statutory purposes and design
All right
The authority desired by the government is inconsistent with the design of the statute and other fundamental respects
The attorney general does not have the sole delegated authority on the law can be wrote for himself
Retiring just a cent reggae o'connor and justices john Paul Stevens David Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer
Who makes one hell of a good ice cream?
Roberts and justices clearance token Thomas and Ann Ninskely of course descended
And how they're gonna have this other fascist on a realito and oh boy, but in any rate still would have been the struck down
Five to four you see what I'm sure
That's right and all Ray Nagan old noggin head. I'm gonna start calling Ray noggin. He's lost it
Big time. He's a pan robber said of no Orleans now
Maybe because of God is punishing my look at that story
It's the very sad and we got the Al Gore story says Bush repeatedly and persistently broke a lot you talk about they yesterday
No, I did not say to him. He was speaking while you were on
Scalia writing the dissent said that federal officials have the part of regulated doling out of medicine. Oh, yeah, dole my ass
Hey like that all I do like a pineapple. How's Bob doles hand does anything on that for why?
What happened to his head? Okay, let's a little war wound, you know, oh, yeah, and I don't know stockade. Let's see still dead
469 votes. What's the worst thing about religion? That's one of Sean's polls. Thanks again Sean
We need your help badly on these polls first and when George stole my poll yesterday. That was sneaky
Sneaky. Why didn't you just stick with the first one about what was it about about?
about
Do the homeless have the right to camp and sleep in public places? That's an excellent poll
So why don't we leave that one on the whole day and we'll do the one again
Okay, the worst thing about religion breeds hidden tolerance 162 the whole world man
95 percent of the hatred exists because of religion and race. That's what it's all about. Oh, well, it's the pastunes and it's the
Kurds and the ways and the Shiites and the Jews and the Orthodox and the conservative and the reform and the
Catlicks and the Russian Orthodox and the Greek Orthodox those Greek right. Oh, well, we know their story
We know the inside story on those Greeks
religion breeds hate and intolerance 162 and you folks have got your thumb right on it, okay
Sponsed violent fanatics 98 which of course comes out of that first part most of these are like tied together
It's all bullshit 72 nothing like lying to your kids in brainwashing them and then pointing the finger with the cultist
Oh, they brainwash patty herds and they brainwash this one and by job Bob Jones or whoever
Don't was Jim Jones
Whatever his name was mark a pot van
It's all bullshit 72. I think you got mark pot van confused with the
The Felix pot van to these pot van
Oh, you better meet your pot van statement because you sure don't know your pot from your van
They're all the same to me probably got some pot in your van right now. I have a van keeps people on your words close
Keep people stupid 67. That's right. It makes people like superstitious and oh
Like people thousands of years ago here to the YouTube year 2006. We're destroying the planet. They ice caps are melting
Pretty soon florida's gonna be underwater pretty soon. Uh, hollumble. I'll be underwater when what's those dikes blow
Uh, nothing we needed badly 32 6.6% of you think uh 32 people out of a 4.7. I say oh, we need religion badly right
Is the Chinese say doc does hubbun?
In pizza scientific
For Chris 22 a great waste of time and money 11 and encourages overpopulation only seven
I'm sorry
Wake up colony that here only seven say encourages overpopulation
It's like it's like a appropriating game man who can have the most babies
Between the orthodox Jews and the Catholics and the Amormans and all these all these all of these great. Yes, he's man
Reproducing like rabbits
Oh, but that quality of life don't start that stuff again because we know that's the secular humanist that's that's you know a secret who
That's a catchphrase. You know it's like a signal
Like the hand like you know scratching the of Thomas somebody's hand with your index finger right or the middle fingers
You're more that's what Ricky Martin said the middle of his golden shower
Remember that song by Al Jolson? I bet you book a brine of red tape when golden showers comes sprinkling your way
You know like that. It makes you kind of gay. Yeah, something like that
I mean that that story is just so amazing, you know why Ricky why don't you just come out you fairly
We weren't having been fooling anybody except the dumbest of women, you know
See we're talking before the show about women and their taste in men. Yeah
There are a whole lot of women who are like obsessed with the people that they're
With another rain right can't skate right? Oh 61
Anyway, what was it gonna say before you interrupted me? I like to look at a woman or obsessive-fake with uh, gay yeah
Like Enrique and Ricky Martin and
Tony Geary and I can understand
Ricky Martin because what's upon a time? He looked pretty good now. He looks like Kellan wheels
I Enrique of course is a beautiful
gay guy
But some of these people like Tony Geary who was on general hospital. He may still be on around the bed. So
don't drop it
In fact, I hear that the general hospital is being replaced by body wash
Remember Tony Geary Luke and Laura Pukinlor I used to call him. I mean he and no
Such a and I don't want to grotesque but also yeah now
And the women just were swooning from her from him from it. I told you the criteria
What is that if they were on screen? If it's on TV or in the movies if you're on a screen or maybe in one of those magazine
You know, one of those star magazine then the women are obsessed. Oh, you know like that, but I don't think that the men are all that much different
Uh
Yeah to an extent sure
So-called stars did they get upset? How about Paris Hilton? There's another reason right if you saw Paris Hilton walking in the
Sawgrass mall or the day land or somewhere you saw Paris Hilton you say oh what a skanky bitch
I saw her that was what I'm saying
But because of the fact she's got all that cash and she's now a
Superstar on TV and she's like even on your pop up toaster when you wake up and oh she's hot
You see that video George. I never forget that guy to call you breathlessly that day
After the Paris Hilton sex video came out. Oh, you of course like you like by passing me because I was a whole fag, you know
What do you know? Uh, right? What would I know about porno?
And the video can be that as if anybody in a right mind any
Any of your human being will want to see her doing anything by the way the video confirmed it. What's that? She sucks
I
Go back to wood by now. I have a little more to cancer from yesterday
You know, just you just encourage a bullman. You're like pecs a little bad boy
Who?
501 votes on a poll about religion get rid of it already stop brainwashing your kids stop sending the school
There's little smotters on your head stop with them rosary beads and all these other chaffees already important things are going on in the world like ball games and stuff
Get your Paris
K
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
From the creators of dancing with the stars and skating with the stars comes a brand new reality show that will change the
Face it television you'll see Kelly Ripa Randy Jackson
Then bring Genesis to consume Wilmer Paldoroma and more known in pooping with the stars
We love pooping with the stars since America seems to want to watch everything celebrities do
We're taking the most personal five minutes of their day and putting it on television
You'll see it all from the occasional cooling rash to the cold water splash. It's pooping with the stars
Who's we rocks man? You'll learn the celebrity philosophies behind the number two
Scoot and the secret public
Public
Public bathrooms and on set movie our beads don't miss a second of the season's hottest reality show pooping with the stars
You know I'm with their valorama or fairs from the 70s show watch we poop also
Liberty's have waved their rights to privacy and decency but hey, that's why they're star
Some seems maybe upsetting the overview with parental discretion advised
Hit it pooping with the stars with your host Jenny McCarthy this weather on Fox
Now I don't know if you were listening carefully that bibby knows the montage of all the
Gaineshow themes in the background
I didn't write them all down, but I did know but you know Stan
Uh-huh there was swatts my line and it was like
Whatever a whole bunch of other stuff in there. In fact, that'd be a good quiz for those tickets for air wasmith
Well, and we're gonna be playing that twice today, right?
Correct when you hear that the sounder where
And like that yeah, but not right now
And we got the two pair today and two pair four tomorrow for the arosmith concert on north this Thursday in it
Thursday the 19th of the Bank Atlantic Yanta Center over there in sunrise
The bank you know the bank you know
Bank Atlantic Center in Sunrise
You idiots. Oh, I heard uh, yeah, friend of mine went to a UN basketball game unfortunately and uh man
Was it maybe maybe we had he was the one tell me that there's nobody there nobody goes to those games or maybe you were telling
Somebody told me at the bank United Center. Well, we need a new arena on campus and then they'll really support our team
No, we won't know they don't they don't care. I'm you know, we here's the line of for today. We got
To we have no idea now clearance was in there. We popped in about 9 30 this morning and
It told us nothing which is typical mad dog four to seven courtesy of it at 10 so that's kind of like picture
That I guess unless he's doing double duty any K-10 o'clock tonight. So that's the line. We got no games no
Vs
But we just don't know who's gonna be on two to four. Who would you like to be between two and four is the obvious question
See I would like to pick up eventually after I get through my 85,000 stories here
I'd like to find out a little bit more about that two to four
Like what like what are they thinking? You know, what do you think?
We don't want to like send the audience across the street or down the road or up to grandma's house
Two to four we'd like to keep some people around out at the moment and we're excited to take the cash and split
Somebody Q I am hello
Q I am yes, hello. I've got a request. Yeah
Sit not a mission Delray
Standard all those idiots at the boy parking lot on congress
Do you have any idea what that man just said no
The boys parking lot on congress
Maybe that was the clock running in the beginning maybe this time is running out. We can only hope look at that phone
Maybe 4670 560
Tom 560 under Verizon and see the rubber sign you probably milked that for all it was worth yesterday
That's probably finished. Well what it was the right thing to do. I understand that but you know leave a little
Milk in for this old cool. I want to say that facts. I could have just covered it over here, you know, or yeah those ideas
Right
I don't maybe they just want dead air between two and four maybe we'll just do an extra two hours today. What do you think? Oh no
No chance. Nobody Q I am hello. Yeah, I'll be now. You got for the moment. Yeah, we got rid of
I guess what did I take this point? What did I tell you my psychic powers didn't take a genius to figure that out?
I couldn't care less one way to do that. How do you like that?
Doesn't I was asked about it. I said I'm not getting involved do whatever you like and then they did
In addition to which there's the old saying about somebody who makes his own bed now
He has to reap and sleep in it and that's exactly what that guy did
When he came in he was welcome with open arms and legs. Okay, the problem is he had no sense of humor
And because of the fact that George made fun of his checkered pants and his pasty rig right away
Oh, how could you talk about and from the very beginning was like all-out war with everybody in the building
You can ask correct you can ask everyone in the building the same question. Are you happy now and everybody would say probably yes
WIOM hello
Yeah, I W I D. I mean W. Oh my what did you say what college did you say?
W I O D oh
I just took me wide. I'm sorry. I meant that you few a.m. Thank God. Maybe I'll take that mistake ever again
W I O D. I hate that so
Good. Go ahead. So I just I was listening to Mr. Mandy twice Friday and they were doing a mode of departure getting everyone's
Comments on as there was one one and by the way before I'm over though you you're not gonna say more royalties on this stuff are you no
We're not but I think you would like this one color called in and
His comment about most leaving was toy the toy
toy the toy
Toy toy toy toy toy toy toy thank you Neil
I hear the toys are back in town
They're gonna be they're gonna be doing the warm up for aros on Thursday
70 Q.A.M. Hello
Yes
When is this? Yeah
It's funny to see you had nothing to do with it, but daily basis you provide a forum to actually bash mode, don't you?
Meaning what?
Meaning that it's with these I mean they're hysterical bits on getting wrong
More than mining mode and lead because of the bit so in fact we provided him with more publicity in the last four years
Then anybody else could have for a billion dollars
Okay, if he would have run within had a sense of humor
There wouldn't that wouldn't have been a problem and that wasn't the problem
You could have made him a bigger monster than he already was. I think you're pardoned. No, I don't think that's possible
Yeah, the classic one was when he stole the pizza and he couldn't be big enough of a boy to admit to the fact that hey
Yeah, but now you're making him might be a bigger monster than he was see there you go. Call the popcorn the kettle pink
Shame on you you're fairy
70 Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, yes sir. I had great to hear you happy New Year
I'm happy to be a happy chivalrous man
Moe and I was more grace and dignity than he ever displayed in those time he was on the air
Well, don't you think that might have had something to do with the contractual of paying him off for two months
In other words if somebody's gonna be off they'd lay the ground rules of what's gonna go down? You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely now he came in
Years ago and the only thing got to show us but think that he was doing
Right
In fact, there he is right now is probably calling in for his royalties
Don't you hate that when he started when I called waiting because they were one of their boyfriends
Here's their voice on our horn right away. They're calling him. Hey, I heard you on a radio
I
I'm talking oh I know no mistake about it even smell of w.w.q.a.m. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Uh did Moe move out or y'all sleeping in separate rooms now?
In separate rooms. He's only a lot of money
Yeah
W.A.M. Hello
Nelly. Yes sir. Hey, don't tell you all right. Hey man. I just want to let you know I'm getting out of here
I'm going to see the service all the bad move really if you think how photos of the crevon old lady a little love it there
Yeah, I was out there for vacation and I had a very like about it
Uh, it's away from South Florida and is living and breathing people there
Really, I never heard of the sunny but man, that must be hiding and it's probably any sources
Ha-ha-ha five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and a rising singular wireless line
70 Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes. Do you want to know what that old
A cocktail is talking about when he said devise
Yeah
There's actually the ponder vegetable like super market in Del Rey
Where all the old folks come out and snore oh I see
Yeah, I'm like I'm shloin user whatever that place used to be in sunrise that finally closed down
What the old farts uh the old Jews put them out of business
Exactly, they couldn't they couldn't have enough ankle paramedics
I
Know I avoided like to play myself. Yeah, they attack you with a shopping cart. I don't know
Sunny I want to prove you's you're in my way
That's so true. You're so right. I know it
Anyway, you have a great day. Thanks for being there. You make my day better every day
That says that helps me a lot of my your day
But then I know I know where you are
It's say bye. See five six seven oh five sixty
Obviously we got the algo rster. I have a lot of stuff here
I yeah, it is interesting to get some of these calls and of course are you're the one you yeah right
These people loved it. There wasn't one bit that we play including the ones that will continue coming
Something a lot of you don't understand. I guess he didn't understand either and that is that voka brine being the chicken act wrinkled up for
Old genius that he is bald head a geek
invented two characters who are very amusing and very entertaining
Moan Geldy and of course they were patterned after real life people
But the fact of the matter is that they were both much more amusing and entertaining than either are both of the huh right
You know exactly what I'm saying. I think that should be the show from two to four two to four the moan Geldy show with the chicken
neck
I said a long time ago and he would be I don't think so though some people are good with the bits and they just
Didn't we try that once with him in guitar man and I don't know if he was a involved. Oh boy. I think so
I believe he was involved in that but anyway. Oh, I would take too much work
Yeah, I'm too much time out of it. I'm doing the stuff for this show. So we don't want to like I think Curtis would be fine in there
That's my opinion and I thought with the Kim Kim has threatened to Hank would like taking away some of his
Deli sandwiches or something
Because you know, he's campaigning can't you already tell that that's already kind of like drummed up? He's campaigning
He's campaigning for a Kimba between two and four and I you know personally. I like him a lot
He's a good guy, but he is so unbelievably dull. Oh
You know what I'm saying? No, there's some there are a few X-Jots and not too many of them like mad dog and Pat some are all who really great broadcasters
but then there's some X-Jots who are like
Dole and I'm saying like and then there's some like Jimmy syphilis who are like way out of their realm
I thought I want to pick on little Jimmy again, but you fare it. It's deservedly so
See I we were deliberating before the show this morning about whether mole might might wind up across the street
Of course Joe roses over there knowing the background between the two of them in addition to which and see if they were smart
Which they're not
If they would have been smart they'd have kept
Mo and mad dog on a football in the first place. They made some kind of a deal for that. Oh, we don't want to promote those guys
They're over at QAM right so let's put Jimmy syphilis on there. He's totally unqualified
It sounds like a little girl shrieking because she saw the boogie man or something
But they put Mo and mad Mo and Joe, but I don't see that. I don't think that Mo Joe would work. Do you?
Cute. Oh, no, no. Well, why wait me by that? I think they could like patch up their differences
Oh
I don't understand what you mean Howard from Bokeh. Oh come on. I don't think so
I'm gonna give you an update of what took place just now off the air. Okay
Sorry, there's a little bit of hostility there between those two, but that would be the smart move
Which they'll never do because they don't seem to be doing they seem to be real happy with their oh
Here's over there cross the street and we hope that they continue with tremendous success
12 minutes past 11 at 5 6 so if somebody can actually tell us who's gonna be on 2 to 4
We can like vote on it during the show today
Maybe there's another national talent search going on that we don't know or maybe there's another one
Those two minute meetings so everybody's gonna have to drive in from like Jacksonville and Eucharotis and two egg
That's right right
Leaky another two minute meeting to eyeball one of the beesleys and
You know maybe we can eyeball Joyce
Not too close to lunch time know from what the norma told me
12 past 11 speaking of lunch time those of you who are trying desperately to stick with your new use resolution
It's already the 17th of the year and I'll guarantee a lot of you are already fallen off the wagon
Have no fear because balance for life is here in fact the beast is getting ready for his wedding day by redoing balance for life in this time
We're gonna make sure he stays on that sack make no way in fact if you don't stay on the sack
I say sack his ass
What could be easier than getting all your food for the day in a little black sack deliver right to you right to your door
Three gourmet meals two delicious next and you have a weekly menu
So you pick out the food you want for each meal yourself whatever you like and the folks in balance for life do the work
According to various series the zone the zone diet and they put together all your meals based on that which really works
So instead of trying to come up with this some stupid ass diet that doesn't work at all
And you know you've tried them all they failed get with balance for life and lose that ugly and disgusting and very dangerous fat
They've been trying to shed for years called balance for life right now toll-free
Tell that Neil and Q.A.M. told you to call and get two three days of food this week if you make the call now
1 866
225 45 43 that's 1 866
225 45 43 get in the zone with balance for life you can check them on the web by the way at balanceforlife.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
Oh
Now speaking for God
The Almighty Pat Roberts Arnold Schwarzenegger crashed his motorcycle the other day because God is tired of all of those dead
Gitter homosexuals in the state of california
God has been curious ever since Arnold broke his weight of power
So our lord simply wages all mighty hands and sent the pro back governor and his son
Well back liberal wife and boar him straight back to the gutter
Who wins the game? I truly believe that God will forgive Arnold's sterile
Taked so the moment the governor
It permits the plan the lord and I devise just no every last homosexual through a combination of violent assassinations
It's significant
This has been speaking for God with the almighty Pat Roberts
The first of a series by the way
It's 1118 at 560 WDQM former vice president al Gore yesterday called for an independent investigation of president
Bush and domestic spying program
Contending the president has repeatedly and persistently broken law by eavesdropping in americans without court approval
By the way, Arlen Bush and Spector said on what they talking head shows on sunday
He's the one that brought up the word himself that impeachment is a possible remedy for this
He said not you know and not we're just talking theoretically. I see Arlen's specter republican from pennsylvania
mentioned the i word
i man
Speaking on Martin Luther King Jr.'s national holiday the man who lost the 2000 presidential election or least allegedly the bush was interrupted repeatedly by a pause
As you call the anti-theraism program of threat to our very structure of government
Gorg charged that the administration acted without congressional authority and made a direct assault on the special federal court that authorizes
Request eavesdropped on americans one judge on the court resigned last month voicing concerns about the NSA's surveillance emails of phone calls
A spokeswoman for the republican national committee Tracy Schmitt aptly named by the way attack was commenturally after the address
Al Gore is incessant need to insert himself in the headline of the day is almost as glaring as his life of understanding of the threat spacing America
Schmitt said while the president works to protect americans from terrorists
Democrats deliver no solutions of their own only diet tribes leading with inaccuracies and anger
Gorg speech was sponsored by the american constitution society for law and policy in the liberty coalition to organizations that have expressed concern about the policy
The former vice president said attorney general alberto v05 Gonzalez should name a special counsel to investigate the program
citing the attorney general's obvious conflict of interest as a member of the bush cabinet as well as the nation's top law enforcement or officer
Gonzalez is agreed to testify publicly the senate hearing on the program and told the news conference recently the president
Active consistent with legal authority to protect americans from a terrorist threat
Gorg speaking at the air constitution hall said the concerns are especially important on the king holiday
Because the slain civil rights leader was among thousands of americans whose private communications were intercepted by the u.s
Government and spied on by gay edger hoover
King is a four who loved to dress up king is a formal civil rights activist in the 50s and 60s had his telephone conversations wiretap
By the FBI I I I I I I always kept a file on him and talked about the civil rights and anti-we had no more activists
Just like those cookie-baking activists out there in San Diego. They use evil degrees
Those subversives
Gorg said there's still as much to learn about the domestic surveillance program
But it already has drawn a conclusion about it to the gallery what we do know about this pervasive wiretapping virtually
compels the conclusion the spirit of christ compels us that the president of the u.s has been breaking law repeatedly and persistently
Uh, he said the spine program must be considered along with other administration actions as a constitutional power grab by the dictator by the president
Gorg cited in prison american citizens without charges and terrorism cases mystery and are prisoners including torture
And see her individuals and foreign countries and delivering them to autocratic regimes
Infamous for their cruelty and their techniques to be tortured
Abu ghar
All of these things
Gorg didn't only criticize government officials referring to news reports that private telecommunications companies have provided the Bush administration with access to private information
Americans grossed at any company that did so should immediately and its complicity in that program
I'm not in that program is what it should. How do you like that?
All right. You go now
He's butchering up just like that business that huh?
Lotbox. Yeah, like that the speech on uh
Carrier where he was all whipped up into a frenzy. Do we have that?
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America
Who's a mud of Saddam Hussein's torture
Trevah?
Abu ghar
Red. How do you like that?
That's the animated the album. Go. Love. We don't like it. No, he's okay
You know, hopefully we can do better than that, but I mean we anybody than Bush anybody with these fascists
All condolese man the rumors are that tic-chain he's gonna. What resign?
Because of health reasons alleged or maybe just croak and a condolizial will be appointed to be the VP and then she can just slide right in there in
2008 to be the candidate and we'll have to be great. She's just thinking of uh
Miss Horkheimer. Good morning. Good morning, Jared.
Probe to Pluto. I wonder where Jack's gonna be probing
Not like I know the ad. I already like the probing rate as much as a few years ago before.
Oh, it is her pieces back on Stratus time. You don't have to hear that shite.
Anything other than that. He must have read on the phone on platform.
There's the stargaze or Miss Horkheimer from the faith transit planetarium.
Oh, hi, hi Jacko. Did you say stargaze?
Third, yes. Third suspect or rest there or rest uh let me just say it again.
See you got me tongue tied with all that to Miss Horkheimer stuff.
Or rest in the tax on homeless and forlotterdale.
Police on Monday arrested a third suspect an 18-year-old man and charged him in connection with taking part on
In one beating of a homeless man and forlotterdale last week. What what what what are we talking about with these kind of people, huh?
Well, what what kind of
Swill are doing things like this? Swill.
City spokesman David A. Bear Monday that wouldn't identify the suspect but the associated press
Identified him as William Amman's 18 who was arrested Monday in charge of an aggravated battery causing
Bodily harm or disability.
He was being held in Broward County jail and a five grand bond.
Amman's is accused of taking part in one of the attacks on a homeless but not the fatal one.
The five put eight inch 140 pound teenager was being held in Broward County jail and
A five thousand dollars bond.
Earlier Monday 17-year-old Thomas Doherty made his first appearance at the Broward County Courthouse.
The teenager with dark bushy hair and bad zits and a soft childlike face cry while looking over the shoulder toward his mother
Who sat alone in the back of the courtroom. He would not be going home with her or anybody else.
Doherty and friend Brian Hooks 18 face allegations of a murder and aggravated battery after
Predon beating spree Thursday and forlotterdale a beating spree that left one homeless man dead and two of his hospitalized.
County judge refused to release Doherty to home detention on Monday order that he remained in juvenile
detention for 21 days. Hooks hearing was rescheduled for two days after his attorney Jeremy
Kool failed to appear in court.
Well, that's always good when your attorney don't show up.
Judge Stephen to look also signed a order for a psychological evaluation of Doherty,
whom friends call Tommy.
Hey Tommy. Doherty is being treated as a juvenile and prosecutor semi-intestant whether he'll be charged
as an adult. Very prophetic. Very sad.
Well my son is misunderstood.
Yeah right.
And a tough child on right.
So did Miss Horkheimer probably have a difficult child and look at her.
Like one in a million.
Exactly. I couldn't say to better myself.
What timing huh?
Man that was almost but not quite as good as the day we caught good old Donnie.
Hermione Gearing-Rumsfeld saying.
Amstrak.
But not quite.
That was that was beautiful.
But I want to lovely talk up.
Anyway.
567-0560 we I'm not talking about it.
We have nobody listed on the schedule from two to four.
Mass how about some more bits from two to four?
What do you say I'm every of all of them?
All right.
I'll give them a different ones.
We can't play no more.
Get a big audience for that.
I guarantee you're in damn Tia.
Get about a 90 share.
Here's all the more bits including the unexpergated ones.
Sorry Joyce.
We got to get an audience in there.
So is there been like anybody popped their head in the dough and say here's what's going on for Mo?
Nothing.
Well maybe it'll be a surprise from two to four.
That's a good way of hook that we're going to keep you tuned in.
It'll be a surprise.
In fact even management might be surprised in who shows up to do it.
Maybe Mo will come back.
Don't just open up the mic and let anybody out.
That's it.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I was wondering about something the other day and gosh I hope I'm right.
Do you keep all your shows archived or do they only go back?
Oh I know.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
How far does it go back to?
Well I will find out from Eric.
What's the question is this?
Because I was thinking the other day that this statement stopped all our fun.
You used to play the condolenza song.
Don't hold your breath.
Thank you to happen.
But I could find it.
Let me say it again.
You didn't hear that no Mo.
If I found out on your archive show.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No change.
No.
Okay well.
No.
Thank you.
In my way speaking of I'll tell you who is partly responsible for the fact we can't play that
no.
No.
And that was.
No.
No thank you.
That was a really ugly episode that he saw.
See there's a lot of stuff that went on behind the scenes and all these experts in
Radio Land who think they have some idea of what that was all about.
They haven't even got a clue.
They're not even close.
They're not even lukewarm.
Trust me what I tell you that is not going to be a rearing its ugly head again.
Unfortunately.
Oh I just thought that.
But I can only hope that she won't wear her ugly head again.
So that's it.
I'm happy to see you.
Happy to see you.
Thank you.
Okay.
I'm going to need too many hermitation.
How about your party?
The answer is 60 days on the website.
60 days so it means us to say.
Right.
You got 60 minutes and we got 60 days.
And quite frankly whoever was responsible for all that the Schweiner-Ride deserved about 60 years.
27 past 11 o'clock.
Don't forget to show it to a clock.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.
16 Q.A.
And.
That is the elite of meaning.
Will he advance?
Unhard right's way science.
Will he know?
All the bushes wire paths.
Will he confide?
Will he?
Would citizens find him?
And will he end up out there?
One's life's part.
And will he?
All the sun of the ocean judgements.
Will he laugh?
At those strict search fields?
And if we get high,
all the time to drive.
Will he make us rot in jail?
For life's absolutely.
Should we like only two babies?
No.
Yes.
But we'll stand by him forever.
But we'll eat deep.
My right's way.
That's that's that's absolutely.
Will a little bit.
My right's way.
You're right.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
We're going to be in the car.
You're right.
Oh, hey!
These people!
They didn't judge the Germans.
They didn't judge the Germans.
They didn't judge the Germans.
They didn't judge the Germans.
They didn't judge the Germans.
God is pealed at America.
Deal, God!
Surely God is mad at America. He said he said this,
a hurricane after hurricane after hurricane.
It's just right to put stress on this country,
Megan who is black said,
or actually he's like chocolate.
Is he another leader's Mark Martin Luther King day?
Surely he doesn't approve us being in a rack under false pretenses,
but surely he is upset at black America also.
We're not taking care of ourselves.
Megan also promised that New Orleans will be a chocolate city again.
Many of the city's black neighborhoods
were heavily damaged by Katrina.
In other words, like him, like chocolate.
He didn't see what like mocha or what, you know,
a lot of us talking.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild New Orleans.
The one that should be a chocolate New Orleans,
the mayor said,
the city will be a majority African-American city.
It's the way God wants it to be.
You can't have New Orleans.
No other way it wouldn't be New Orleans.
It's the way God wants it.
So you people in like Liberty City and over town,
and that's the way God wants it.
People living in the ghettos around America,
that's the way God wants it.
What a jackass.
Speaking of that pulver got going today,
this is a perfect example.
Everything is God.
God wants this to be a black city.
God wants this one to be a white city.
Minnesota.
God wants New York to be like a lot of Jews.
That's God, man.
He works in mysterious ways.
Not going to describe an imaginary conversation
with King the late civil rights leader
and imaginary one.
He hallucinates a lot.
In case, in fact, while a hurricane,
while a Katrina was like
ravaging his city, while people were like
all being given all the wrong information
and being left to like die,
he was hallucinating about actually
knowing what was going on.
I said, what is it going to take for us
to move and live around your dream and make it a reality?
He said, I don't think we need to pay attention
anymore as much as about other folks
and racists on the other side.
He said, the thing we need to focus on
is the community.
Black folks, I'm talking about is ourselves.
This is what MLK Jr said.
In this imaginary conversation
that Ray Noggin had like conjured up
in his mind, I was going to say in this brain
or at least what used to be there.
Nagan said he also asked, why is black
on black crime such an issue?
Why do our young man hate each other so much
that they look at their brother in the face
they'll take a gun and kill him
and cool blood?
The reply Noggin had says was,
we as a people need to fix ourselves first.
This is all an imaginary conversation that,
well, Nagan also said King would have been
dismayed with black leaders who are most
of the time tearing each other down publicly
for the light of many.
I don't think he's talking about Bill Cosby there.
Do you?
Yes.
A day earlier, gunfire erupted at a parade
to commemorate King's birthday.
Three people were wounded in the daylight
shooting on throught mostly black spectators
and police said there were no immediate
suspect or witnesses.
Gun shooting, man.
It's like for the July and Highly a baby.
It's just the American infant way.
It's like there was a little suitcase
problem there with the Hodge, you know,
in the mecca.
Jean Pettin was singing mecca
and all of a sudden, oh,
grabbed my suitcase,
Oive in the area where I was
going to people there.
Another 400 injured.
Because they had their crowding a little bit.
Don't like people crowding, man.
Get away from my machine, man.
You're crowding me.
Get away from my machine.
Okay, how are we doing on that pole now?
I'm sure you said,
well, when we're going to be giving them tickets
away sometime, we already gave a pair today.
We did.
I didn't hear the other thing.
The last break.
We did?
Yeah.
Could have fooled me.
I was too busy queueing up and reeked.
Not that.
What's the worst thing about the religion?
604 votes.
It's a tough choice.
And like I said, they're intertwined in the woven
because it's all a bunch of man-made crap.
Religion without a hell of it,
our fear of death wouldn't be worth a damn.
Trust me when I tell you.
Oh, thanks, Madeleine O'Hare.
She's gone to pieces, though.
What's the worst thing about religion?
She was a real cut up that Madeleine.
Breeds hate intolerance to 10.
Sponsed violent fanatics, 124.
It's all bullshit, 106.
Keeps people stupid, 77.
Thou use your brain.
We'll just fill up with a whole bunch of gobbledygook.
Got gobbledygook.
Nothing.
We needed badly 36.
There's another word for you today.
That's two words I invented today.
What was the other one?
Sucks a lot.
I don't know.
I'll try to think of it.
Sucks a leader or something like that.
No comment.
Nothing.
We needed badly 36.
Yeah, Sucks a...
I like that.
36.
Well, reminds me of that line that William Holden said in
network.
Remember that about imputing a guy's
manship.
Remember that?
Right.
Nothing we need religion badly.
36.
5.9% of you people need mental help.
You need to be deprogrammed.
We need religion like a lock and cup like the
Asians always say.
Especially the Filipinos.
In Peech scientific progress,
2017, our little things like
stem-scaled research, things like this.
A great waste of time and money, 15.
And encourages overpopulation only 10.
The salimente deas.
I don't understand that.
VH.
How can we only have 10?
I don't know.
I guess these people think it's right to make like
7, 8, 9 babies.
And of course the ones that are doing that,
most of the ones that can't take care of them.
They can't afford like one or two.
And in Georgia's case, well that's another story.
Because I think that the wives that make unwanted babies
play that trick on their husbands should have
some of the consequences they wicked fate.
But now you can just my opinion.
What I would know about things like that.
I mean like what would a priest know about
marriage and sex relations and heterosexual
all of that stuff?
What would they possibly know?
I'm thinking now that we have gay marriage
released against over the unions in a lot of places.
Now the priest can start counseling on something
made in the middle of.
Yeah.
Because they prefer the company of men.
Well I got a paper jam on my fax
and you were probably saying me something really important.
No.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, can I talk to you?
Speaking.
Is this male?
Yes it is.
Is this you?
Yeah.
Okay go ahead.
You're on the air?
No you are on the air.
And I'm on the air because that's what they're paying me for.
Yes. What can I do for you sir?
Let's go.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
That's what I figured.
See that's a-
I'm on the air and they dial first and then a phone starts
reading and then like okay.
Now what am I going to do now?
And is it going to be George?
Is it going to be Josh?
Is it going to be Clarence?
Is it going to be Joe Bell?
Who's going to pick about maybe Maddie Bell?
And you know something I think I'm the first one to
realize this.
Uh oh.
This station has been taken over by the phone company.
We got Joe Bell and Maddie Bell.
They're con from inside the building.
That's really swell.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
And you leave the dough and he's got into the darkness.
For a little ultrasound scan.
Don't just don't do man's eye and a baby's coming.
Get some dead rest while you can.
Hey Brad.
Hey Brad.
Guess you know what your man was for.
Hey Brad.
Hey Brad.
Making baby's been a day too long.
He's very proud.
She's got protruding tummy.
They'll make a good long and dead.
Chancellor, see my coat away.
A push and a kiss.
That's just open marriage.
I say.
Hey Brad.
Hey Brad.
You'll be a dad that's gone too long.
Hey Brad.
Hey Brad.
Leave it and you leave it worth your own.
Let him 45.
What's he doing about nothing but them again?
That's the kind of important stuff that people are all whipped up into.
Oh yeah.
They told us so.
Yeah.
That's important.
Brad and Angelina they have a baby.
That kind of stuff happens when you do the old well you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You do know.
So quit doing that.
At least at home anyway.
I have.
I know that's what I hear.
Oh speaking of that and I didn't ask you before to show what's the big
Simmons with Heath Ledger.
I mean he's a good actor.
I'll give him that.
What's what's the big deal with him?
He's a sex somewhere here.
Rob there.
He's a craggy man.
He's a young craggy guy.
He's supposed to like old craggy like Ashon Karri and Tom Sullik.
Hey Tommy.
You fair.
Huh?
I'm glad.
Heath Ledger is peoted to ban on a movie.
Remember we had this story last week about that theater in Utah.
I think it was with the ban in broke back.
Bearback Mountain.
Hot Oscar tip.
Heath Ledger has compared US bands on a gay cowboy film to racism.
He said he's not surprised that Utah said I had banned Bearback Mountain.
Which the pixel act long affair.
Love affair between two Montana cowboys.
I heard a while ago that West Virginia was going to ban it.
But that's the state that was lynching people only 25 years ago.
So that's to be expected.
Legers he should have picked Virginia because they've lived people like 25 days ago.
Or it less than that.
Right.
And let's bring right.
Personally, I don't think the movie is controversial.
But I think that the maybe the Mormons in Utah do.
I think it's hilarious and very mature society.
These people if two people are loving.
I think we should be more concerned that two people express anger and love than love.
Your gay.
Ledger was in Melbourne last night.
Well, this is a few days with his partner.
Michelle Williams.
Not a guy.
Oh, she's a hot.
Well, she's his partner.
She only could have picked your party.
She's hot.
And he is which ain't so much.
With his partner and bearback Mountain coaster.
All but his what does that mean?
And they're daughter Matilda for loco premiere.
I don't know what that means.
She's been a big hit.
Matilda had a big opening weekend.
There will probably be a sequel.
I just said on the red carpet.
Ledger's been nominated for Golden Globe and screen actors go.
Well, we know about that.
We'll get to the golden globe is momentarily.
They went for a golden gold.
It's bearback Mountain last night.
How you like to ferry?
He earlier said he was incredibly proud of the film.
But awards were the last thing on his mind making the film.
If you're thinking about.
I had about people's opinions or how the film is going to be.
Judge later effects that isn't you make on camera.
He said while filming the left story with co star Jake
Hillenhall ledger was falling for on screen wife Michelle Williams.
It was obviously a very personal beautiful kind of evolving life and love.
It was occurring off set and we go to work.
He said maybe he and Jake are like a phone little bit to on a side.
Ledger arrived home in Sydney eight days ago, but said the paparazzi there
would make it impossible for him to live there for good.
One photographer ledger ledger's uncle spat on him.
A claim that ledger denies.
He said he wouldn't spit on the best part of him if he could find it.
Of the paparazzi said it sucks.
Because it's only when I come back to Sydney.
It's not like that here in Brooklyn where we live now.
Thank God for that.
No paparazzi in Brooklyn.
Just really good deli is what I'm hearing.
It's speaking of movies.
Yes.
I don't have to get Josh's opinion on the Patriots losing on Saturday.
Which you already know what that is.
He's ecstatic.
I am.
I'm jumping.
And the movie magnaulia.
My review is I think it's a good movie.
I will disagree with you in the fact that you think it's the greatest movie of all time.
I didn't say that.
But you said you voted right up there with the great.
I think it's one of my top 10.
I think it was good.
It was worth seeing.
Now I'm confused.
Would you give it like top 20?
Not no top 50.
Maybe top 6000.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
You got to explain the ending to me because I'm confused on a couple things.
Number one, there's got to be some significance with the blogs.
No.
Like the kids laughing.
Don't you remember the opening scene?
You better go back and watch the beginning game where the guy that jumped,
jumped, tried to commit suicide.
You got shot because she was shooting at her husband and she missed.
Right.
Which allegedly is a true story.
I'm not buying it.
But anyway, that that's one of those myths.
You know, one of those it's been going on for a long time.
That whole story about getting shot.
Crap happens.
That's the nature.
That's the whole theme of the movie is that Schmidt happens.
Okay.
I got that right.
But and so that's why the frog's father is coming.
Because Schmidt happens.
It's it.
You know, that's all.
But when the frogs are flying, you know, raining down.
Oh, you just follow the movie for everybody.
Don't watch Magnolia if you don't know that the frogs are going to fall down.
That's right.
I told you I didn't give away any of it.
But the kid is in the, you know, he's in the, they're with the books and he's laughing.
I figured there would be some kind of significance there, but I just wasn't getting it.
The kid is in there with the books and he's laughing.
He's laughing while the, everyone's, you know, freaking out the frogs are raining
and the kids laughing.
Don't you remember that?
No, I don't either.
What movie did you watch?
Oh, God.
Come on.
12 Angry Men.
Mongolians.
Now, we'll say I thought it was good.
I was watching.
Now, what about the acting?
You don't think the acting was great even though the acting was just fine?
Yeah.
And what about what's his name?
William H. Macy?
You think it gets easy?
You think he was kids?
Yeah.
You think it gets the braces that the bartender will fall for or not?
No.
I don't know.
Yeah, that was horrible.
Get a brace yourself, Billy.
I don't think it's going to happen.
And then the bitchy queen from a life in which we can, none of us can ever think of his name.
It's not already Johnson but the other guy.
The bitchy queen in the bar.
Why do we have a brain cramp on that?
Because we're not both a brides.
I would really like to find out what that is.
There are certain things, right?
And it's like, like a movie that I sent to you that you haven't got yet but you'll give this week.
And I kept trying.
I had to actually come in here and I wrote it down.
So I wouldn't.
And then I printed out the review of it or at least the cast.
Here it is.
It's a primal fear.
For some reason I can't think of the name of that movie.
We, with our certain actors or famous people or movie titles.
And all of these things.
All of these things.
Well, you can hear yourself.
Remember we both had that problem with that movie?
That neither one of us could remember the title of it.
Well, the movie was that.
Kevin Dylan.
Kevin Dylan.
I mean, remote control.
Exactly.
I see.
On the guy we had to propose to me the old...
Well, I remember the name of the crew with the Alzheimer's remote control.
I remember the name of it.
I just wanted to say it.
Because now we can remember it.
No problem.
But for a while there neither one of us could remember it.
And that's right.
Well, I wasn't exactly a famous movie ran thing.
It was pretty good.
It was all right.
And I do like Kevin Dylan, not better than his brother.
Although I have to admit, Matt has been in a couple of good movies.
Like the drug movie, what was that?
Drugstore cowboy.
Drugstore cowboy was good.
And I'll think of another one.
There are a couple who's been okay.
One of them was in the blob, whichever one it was.
There was a...
He was trying.
He's trying so hard to be a cross between Marlon Brando and James Dean.
And of which he is neither one of them.
Not that James Dean was a great actor.
He's in three stinking movies.
You know, big deal.
He smelled bad.
But other than that.
Who had a QIM?
Hello.
And Neesha Lien.
Hello.
Gil.
Yes, sir.
Alan Suis.
Alan Suis what?
Is the guy, is the flavor from laughing?
No, no.
Wrong.
Not even close.
And Dr. Suis should be a better.
By the way, breaking news.
Yes?
It is Kim Bo camper today.
Oh my God.
Absolutely correction.
Oh my God.
And tomorrow?
Yes.
We don't know.
Oh.
It's called Play As You Go, man.
We're going to make up that line if as we go along.
So it's like a baseball team that's like missing the number five hitter in the lineup.
Well, we didn't know.
But maybe if Lou comes back from his disease tomorrow, we can put him in the lineup.
Or maybe if whatever.
You better be fopping.
You ready to play with the big boy?
So Kim Bo camper it to.
I'm sure the Humphers had his fine finger in the air because he went to lunch with the boss on over the weekend.
And probably put in a real good word.
See, I should have pushed harder.
I just didn't want to offer too many opinions because I don't want to always be.
Oh, well, Neil's the one that programs that he gets this one hired.
And he gets that one fired baloney.
But you only man.
You know who said baloney?
Who the movie?
Who speaking of all of you Newton John?
Now she wasn't in the movie, but he was married to her.
Matt Lapanzi.
And what was the name of that movie?
I bet you either one of us knows the name of that movie.
That was a cute movie.
Who?
What was it?
What?
Matt Lapanzi.
He was his French tutor, don't you remember?
And he was a baile.
And a French tutor.
Oh, the chick of the boobs.
Yeah.
My tutor.
My tutor.
All right.
See, I came up with remote control and you come up with my tutor.
Did I start by giving?
Yeah.
I touched my tutor.
I need you really.
Yes.
At any rate.
I better made some noise too.
The deal is that he was married to a lawyer Newton John.
Of course, there's still looking for Olivia's boyfriend who they're all raving about.
Oh, he's a good looking guy.
Who's talking about that?
A channel surf accident last night for about two minutes.
Nancy Grace.
Oh, no.
Well, a friend, but I really want to know a friend.
You know, she's looking with a...
She is the most disgusting phony.
You know something?
She almost makes me like Dr. Phil.
And I just said she would croak.
Now, seriously, that's how obnoxious she is.
Don't say that.
She is the most phony syrupy, drowling hateful bitch.
Not the way.
The name you're looking for is Henry Gibson.
Henry Gibson.
Oh, man.
Henry Gibson, that's right.
He was the fag at the bar who was going for the bartender.
Thank you, Pocobrano.
Yeah.
Thank you, Chicunect.
Henry Gibson.
See, we have a brain for it on that.
And every time we say that, I say, Thurman Gibson was an old borer and about a hundred years ago.
How do I remember his name?
And then there's always Mel Gibson.
Jesus Christ.
I say, Thurman, listen.
Yeah, Thurman once in the both still dead.
And Mel Gibson, unfortunately, is not.
Anyway, Bearback Mountain is mosing along the Academy Awards trail as four golden globe wins.
Best drama among men, positioning the cowboy loves to ray.
For the Oscar Gloria says, how do you like that?
I don't call that.
I bet you they weren't looking for Gloria.
I'll guarantee you that.
You're looking for the glory hole.
That's what they said when they made the movie.
He fled your who as far as I'm concerned, the fine actor.
But, you know, he's he's bland looking.
He's like about on the same level I put with you, you know, very nondiscreet.
I'll take that as a compliment.
No, that's easy.
He's just a guy.
There's nothing good looking about him.
Sure, the stuff up from what I usually get.
What's that pasty?
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, I would agree with that.
Homosexual and trans-exual themes dominated in Monday's golden gloves were the key wins by Bearback Mountain plus acting
on us to the filmography Capote and the gender-bending trans-America.
It sounds like a festival to me.
Sounds like the Cannes film festival.
Right.
And I can with an S on the end just can.
But politics and music ran close behind the globe.
Second order, the Oscars and the hierarchy of Hollywood film honors.
Top prizes in the corporate government corruption.
So I went to Sireana and the constant gardener and the terrorism of drama Paradise Now
and a White House series commander in chief.
While the Johnny Cash film, I walk a line one three honors.
Isn't that what the Noel Bush always said?
She said it's a fine line.
And he got a stick, you're an astronaut.
You got to have good names, you said.
The poor gloves for Bearback Mountain story of old ranch buddies, ranch hand buddies who can see
on how I'm going in homosexual affair from their families and put the directing word for Ang Lee.
Hey, I always say that way and you say I have a lot of angst when I say that.
Here's Johnny Cash and I walk the line even though I'm still there.
Yeah.
You got to comb it up first.
I see.
Come on, Johnny.
The fact that Bearback Mountain has found eager audiences across the country including the conservative heartland shows
that Americans are wanting to embrace stories of love in all forms.
I got news for Americans are wanting to embrace anybody who would even touch the best part of them if they could find it.
This is Neil Rogers.
Thank God for that.
This is 5162.8.
Hello, how are you doing?
And this portion of the Neil Rogers 12-101 hour is brought to you by the legend 12.
I'm out of home.
Oh, that race got my mind so old.
The best years of what remained in my life I gave to this place.
Just for all times I think of going here on the views of the blissfully impertinent room.
I've had enough for you every day.
Not you, too, as though you're the white eye.
You've passed it slowly, but still dead.
And die of hell.
I'm gonna stay home far away from here.
I'll hand my kids back in for it and cut and I drove on time.
I go to my orifice and clean out my desk.
That is the fire we had in all of the sorrows.
I just as glad but to both God who the Paul Prince did watch the surface of the fence.
Next, putt.
I wonder when in the earth's out this way when he got to you now for a day.
I've been here but you sport home with me.
the list of me.
by by by.
double four five sixty double the q.
way and by by mull.
Go at the door hitch in your uh... checkered pants in a way off the door.
Wow.
You can probably want to that happen you can see the imprint of dingo berries
right on his back home cheeks.
Yeah we're not tell you right nobody's going to be missing him not me not
George not Josh not uh... mad dog not uh... Joe Rose who ain't even with us
no more not the Humper not uh... even probably not Robert Creeper.
So what's Robert Creeper going to do he's just going to suck up the he's going
to work on his sucks upmanship.
Which I'm sure in his case has had a lot of practice and Kimba both can't
probably on two to four this afternoon.
Kimba just puts up a little bit sweetheart and you're okay just uh... boring.
uh... open California
piles of goose poop at a city lake have official struggle to find a way to clean
up the mess for picking party goers
park goers and party goers full-time resident candidate geese
arrived at the city lake mirrored in 1954 when several injured birds were
introduced to the refuge their numbers have exploded in the past 20
they're multiplying like people like Catholics
they've exploded in the past 20 years to release 200 regulars with some
2,000 geese descending in the park each summer
quarterly national autobahn society
you know as a child I was like into birds
were you figures not not dolls with birds
yeah
that's your view like some insight
i had the i don't know there was like a big auto-bond society book with all
the kinds of birds
pigeons would want to be a like a pigeon no i don't like to do pigeons i still hate
pigeons
this is a i'm looking at pigeons right now in my balcony man i'm looking out my
through my uh... drapes here my blood where they are how about chicken chicken
like that much boy you know i'm the chickens
what's his name again the ether uh... some other
uh...
that's what i think
each bird produces about a pound of poop a day that's literally a ton each
day since definitely benefit is
had naturalist to be like mirrored wildlife refuge
it's a staggering problem that is open another city trying to figure out how
to chase away the geese without running a foul
of the federal migratory burden endangered species act that protect me in the
birds that live alongside the geese at like mirrored which covers 150 acres
the goose dropping some of the pretty much made the ones unusable to families one
have picnics or use the park with their children
said councilwoman pat kernigan represents theory it's very hard for people to use
the park for recreation
some cities have tried planning grass varieties that can't do the geese won't
eat or spring lots of chemicals that he's fine this tasteful like trache
others have tried directing places to keep the geese out of areas reserved for
people
chasing the birds ways another popular trick city as cities higher firms with
names like
goose busters or wild goose you've heard a ghost buster they heard goose busters
or wild goose chase which used dogs trained to harass and not harm the
ecstasy to chase the birds away oh yeah right they're gonna harass them but not
not the harm them they're just calling names
yeah but critics were they using dogs in okunkan our mother bird species such
as egrets malice and herons how do you like that
i i'm gonna say something revolutionary right now because i was a
bird lover as a child but then again you you know as you get older you learn
things and i'm thinking of myself that so many of these diseases
not just the avion flu but i'm finding that the earlier uh
pandemics have been caused by because the fastest transmission is by birds
because they're so migratory and when they move all over the world
yes they do so i'm thinking it's time to kill all the birds
all right not a good idea be well first we get them before they get us
don't you think that's a spinoff movie yeah
so they're we're gonna have to tip the emberin off for a
retirement i like her a lot she's she's still alive too i think isn't she
i don't know if i'm gonna look at it please say yes oh oh it's trend
like to announce whether he'll seek re-election oh boy
spend the future with my white
christian family spending more time with the grandchildren
you know their house was locked down i uh continue to
ask the people to allow me to serve this great state in our nation's capital
uh and i i've made a choice and i can learn one of uh
consultation and one of the four but my wonderful wife but i have a chosen
mississippi and america once again i am going to ask the people to
real like me oh she's like i said i thought it was gonna be like a story you know
he's running again oh they're all getting up
hey you know trend wave the pound pounds now you cheerleading jackass you fairy god
trend law is gonna run for a fourth term i hope he gets his ass kicked you know
i hope that every republican every one of these goose stepping nazis gets their
ass kicked because you notice even most of the moderate ones not all of them but
even the ones we thought were like a little bit more in the moderate side they're
all like a goose stepping over the far right except maybe for that
whiny Susan Collins and and john uh what's his name a cane uh
who every now and then says the right thing but then changes his mind he waffles all over the
place he rip bush pretty good on uh sunday i want them talking hit shows john
rekin i think we just stick that cheek back in place
i was speaking at uh goose poop the moan iowa a man has received a five hundred
thousand dollar federal grant to mass produces invention a machine that
removes the odor from hog manure have you ever driven by a pig truck i have with
the windows down yes grabbing around with your windows down oh my god they look
like pigs but they're foul even though it's europeans man it would buy a nose file
oh and i'm speaking about Russian women i'm gonna tell you story in a minute i just
can't even begin to i just form it the mouth foaming at the mouth uh from yesterday
don't think i've had the pleasure wow the tempest dryer developed by
loren valvans has designed to help solve water pollution order and
nazis gas problems in a hog industry man maybe we can do something for
Josh Friedman but i doubt it now see working on the other joint for yes good
best news i've heard all day valvans said that because his invention separates water from the
solids in manure it can solve air and water quality problems a lot of manure stories going around you
know what because like i told you about magnolia shmit happens that that's that's the go back
and watch the beginning again i'll take it like two three minutes i don't need to i remember it
and that that's the message of the movie that's why all the other stuff happens shmit happens man
just like the thing with the uh the game show guy remember the oh here's another question for you
the thing falls from the ceiling and the gun goes off and the coke the coke head chick right
the guy's daughter right okay who's talking to her at the end of the movie who's that guide you
just see his back remember the mom goes to follow her and she said well you don't know that
you know what i'm saying i'm gonna have to watch it again i'm gonna have to watch it again
i don't know who is talking to her at the end of the movie well i'll answer your question
that will watch it again this week because it's one of my very favorite movies now what about the
music and when you you're giving me that oh i thought i was a musical remember that you give me
that song well because i didn't know what movie it was i got to get used to it with other movies
i don't you talk about blue one rouge i was yeah it was not a musical yeah oh molla roosh forget about
that this song goes very well with movies absolutely perfect one moment is so lonely it's not
too long can be as long as long as the only snowman there's nothing on the moon
any man who we all on the show love like crazy but anyway uh but i'll tell you the best song
from movie which is really morbid and depressing but then what we just saying that most good
movies are morbid and depressing like uh right we inferred we would say all these other ones
that i'm seeing i wouldn't say most good movies no most movies are morbid and depressing at
least in one way or another what's the what is the uh uh oh wake up is the name and it's all
about 18 minutes long to this cut i'm not gonna play like more than two seconds because once we do
the other oh geez there he goes with that awful music again oh man
do you think that this was like set the tone yes
what you
can i say wake up on this uh
When you feel bad, begin you got what you want.
You can't hold, let's stand still, but I'm not with you.
It's not good to stop.
It's not good to stop.
See, there's an honest message in this movie as opposed to most of this.
Oh, everything's going to be fine.
No, no, it's not.
It's going to get worse.
It's just going to get worse and worse and worse.
Until freaking frog is coming on.
It's going to get so bad that frogs are going to fall in the sky and rain it off your nice car.
And you're going to have to get a paint job and mess up the windshield, all of these things.
Anybody doesn't like Magnolia's got taste in their tush.
And so George thinks it ought to be.
Let's have a sequel as far with me.
We keep changing the art of this Jason Robars.
Jason Robars can still lay in bed.
I mean, he's been dead a long time.
He's still later with the chew.
His nose.
He was great.
And the ironic part of that, I don't know if Josh knows this, but he was dying during the filming of the movie.
I did not know.
It wasn't active.
And then afterward, well, people just to say, yeah, there you go.
From 13 at 5.60 W.D.C.Y.M., happy new year from the fine folks at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
2005 where they stupendous year and thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal
and bought their new Ford from Armstrong Ford.
Why do people shop there?
It's easy, man, because Armstrong Ford guaranteees you a great, unbeatable price, great service after the sale
and that personal touch that comes from you locally, family owned dealership.
Pick up that phone right now.
Call general manager David Richardson 305 247 51 12.
And don't forget when you buy the new Ford Armstrong Ford from Homestead, you'll also get,
with nobody else would dream of giving you this, there were exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
You heard right.
When you buy from Armstrong Ford, you get free tires and batteries for life of your car.
That could save you an extra thousand dollars right there.
David Richardson the staff at Armstrong Ford guarantee you won't find a better price any place,
so why be stupid when you can do with some smart cars shopping at Armstrong Ford
and being locally owned and operated, they treat you just like family to make you a customer forever and ever.
No bait and swish, no phony sales.
So start the year off right with a new Ford from our good friend David Richardson the staff at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
307 25 South Fixie Highway is where you'll find them, just 20 easy minutes out of the 36.
Check them on the web, armestroncars.com and then drive a few miles extra to the front of a fantastic unbeatable deal
and save yourself thousands of dollars at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is the new Roger.
This is 5.62 A.M.
Where of exploding balls?
New from the gap, gap for kids and baby gap.
It's the new and exciting Grandma gap.
The flowers I fly to, Grandma gap, spit right over my tuber.
I found a pair of twausers that fit right over my depends.
Even after wearing them for the whole weekend with my arthritis I couldn't get out of this dress for over a month.
But I didn't wet too, it's so pretty.
I was trapped in the dressing room for a week.
Good job, how quick it out of this straight jacket.
I've got through a bit of his grandma gap.
I'm falling at a moan near you.
And I can't get up.
Oh boy.
From 19 to few I have 711.
711 votes you see that has the significance of that?
It's even better than 666 I do believe.
How about that?
711.
Oh thank heaven.
What's the worst thing about religion?
Oh thank heaven for that big gulp.
Religion breeds hate and intolerance 248.3.
No question about that.
Anybody who denies that is so full of crap man.
Just oblivious and so brainwashed that it's beyond our scope.
Although I prefer Listerina, the new orange stuff.
Isn't that interesting?
And Listerina used to be like the older original stuff.
Oh nobody would drink that stuff.
I mean I'm drinking it.
But it's swish it.
They still have it.
What?
Well that's for people like with a strong fortitude or some or strong halitosis.
Right.
Or just no taste.
Religion spawns violent fanatics 150.
Now you're talking.
And even nonviolent fanatics.
It's all bullshmit 132.
I think you put your thumb on it when you vote for that one.
It's all bullshmit.
It keeps people stupid 86.
Nothing.
We needed badly 44.4.
F's down to 5.1.
Or 6.1%.
6% of this audience say there's nothing wrong with a religion.
It doesn't do any harm.
We need badly.
So we can hate each other.
So we can continue finding excuses for our intolerance and hate.
If anybody doesn't believe the same fairy tales that we do.
Or just if any fairy.
Or anybody else.
Women, dark folks, you name it.
In Pete's scientific progress 29.
A great waste of time and money 17.
That's tax free money too by the way.
Can you just imagine?
Oh my goodness.
There would be any people starving in the world.
If all the money goes to the religious fakers, which is all of them.
If we could be using that money like for some useful purpose like to educate people and
clone them and have all kinds of great scientific discoveries to cure every disease and to kill all the birds to keep us safe.
All of these things.
You're out of control now.
God, anybody.
Encourages over our population.
So they only 11.
I don't get that.
Wondit you?
Well, what is that all about?
There are other, much better choices.
No, there are better choices.
But how can you not, I mean, that's pops right in your mind.
Just like that.
How can you not like half right on top of that?
Instead of like, you know, God forbid playing parenthood like planning out, you know, like some people don't.
I don't want to mention any names, George.
Some people don't plan out what they can afford in terms of making babies.
Anybody can make babies.
I know.
That's what Murf Griffin said.
Bibles, right speaking of our pool, Bible study coming in New Brunfells, Texas.
How do you like that?
One public school district voted Monday night to begin offering a new Bible classes part of its curriculum.
In New Brunfells, Texas.
See, generally speaking, the Dumber and more illiterate people are the more religious they tend to be.
Right.
The elective courses called the one I never told you the story about that Russian bitch.
Let me ask you this.
Oh, yeah, I need to know.
The elective courses called the Bible and its influence.
Board members voted 61 to approve the new class in New Brunfells, Texas.
The Bible is a fundamental document said, fundamentalist Rosalind Bratcher with the New Brunfells ISD.
It had a great influence in terms of politics, art, music, and literature.
The district says this course has not violated First Amendment.
What makes it complied is that we're teaching the Bible as a textbook and a document as Bradshire.
And probably going to have to all like wear some kind of a gesky outfit like Rosary B.
Oh, right.
B.E.
Northeast ISD.
This is like some school district already offers a Bible course at two of its high schools also as an elective.
New Brunfells ISD, surveyed their students about half the students who they're interested in taking the course.
Parents, we spoke to about the issue of a split in the idea.
If you're going to have to pass this class or take this class as part of a grade or any kind of credit toward your high school diploma,
I'm totally against it.
It said, Christy Olofand.
Well, I wonder if she's kind of married but I sure doubt it.
Keats says, I think we need to learn more about our creator.
Now that class has been approved by the new Brunfells school board, it will be offered to juniors and seniors in the fall.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
Put that Bible in the school, man.
And you know the interesting part.
Last night I saw a show on, was it biography or any of your one of those channels or maybe court TV about one of the Amaz shootings?
It was the one in, oh, I want to say, was it Joja?
Let's just say.
Let's just say.
Or I always kind of see.
Okay.
Remember that one?
Yeah.
And in any rate, in every single one of these cases, it's always, oh, these were good church going kids that raised in a very religious family and went to church every Sunday and never stole a freight train and got it.
And daddy had a whole bunch of guns and all these things.
Every single one of them, man.
So evidently, you're taking your kids to the wrong church.
Oh, you murderous bastards out there.
Oh, you crazy people that have no value on human life.
And let me say it again.
2200 in some American, I can't even keep track almost 2,300 now.
Then in Iraq for no reason, a war based on lies.
And they're just now hinting around at impeachment.
Like, oh, well, now it's becoming an Elizabeth Holtman wrote that great article was on our website about impeaching Bush.
Should have been done a long time ago.
But we're supposed to have Alzheimer's, man.
We can't remember.
Convenient Alzheimer's.
Well, we know I think about the weapons of my destruction or about about the Sodom and Camora or Sodom and Bin Laden.
And by the way, I'm in the prime and he's still alive.
They hit him with a whole bunch of shots, but he's still alive.
He wasn't even in there.
Oops.
But now they're saying, oh, four terrorists died in that attack in Pakistan.
Lou, Lou Drollen was the one who was flying over, dropping the bombs.
He dropped a few bombs there, right?
And maybe that's why he was always sitting there smoking that pipe in the dark.
You know, cover him to smell from his bombs.
Okay.
Lou Drollen.
That was a lot of news.
Wait before your time.
Lou Kron, Drollen.
Get with it, man.
At any rate, so it was an accident and somebody got hurt.
But for evil guys in area, I got hurt plus a lot of the 14 that had nothing to do with any of that.
It was just having a nice dinner.
One guy lost all three of his kids.
The three of his kids are all dead.
But, oh, sorry.
Well, they shouldn't have attacked us.
Maybe we'll apologize.
That's right.
A few people would stop attacking everybody or you pack ease.
Oh, wait a minute.
I mean, all you were rackies.
I mean, all you Saudis.
And how are we doing?
We didn't get Al-
I'll call it.
I'm in the Pymon.
I'm in Al-Zawarhiri.
We didn't get Al-Zar-Kawi.
We didn't get Al-Kaita.
We just aren't doing too good on the Al-front, are we?
Huh?
What the Al?
What's that got to do with Russian chicks?
Oh.
So anyway, I don't want to make a long story about this.
But there's a Russian young, like maybe 25, not that bad looking, by the way.
You might have liked your better.
Believe me, you wouldn't want to nest the hostile.
But she's playing about three machines because it's early in the morning.
There weren't too many people around, including one that I had played and got 500 bucks on.
Well, guess what?
Now she's got three machines tied up.
And I'm kind of like stuck on a lift one there, which I don't want to be stuck on a dead machine,
which I was doing.
And she, what her trick was that she'd put like a 20 in there and played like about five credits.
And then she'd go away for half an hour.
And now I realize she's gone over to the other side of wheel of fortune machines in the front,
which is a whole bunch of men.
She's got three machines tied up there.
So I finally go up there and I look and she's got only two credits left on the machine.
I want to play.
And she's got her coat on a chair.
And like it'd be 45 minutes, she'd come racing back and like put another, you know,
she wants to tap the machines because she's afraid that somebody else might get something, you know.
Right.
So I finally get really exasperated because I'm tired of feeding a dead machine, man.
And I go up there front.
I said to her, I said, you like two credits in that machine.
I wish you'd come and take your money out if you're going to play up here because you can't tie up.
I mean, oh, I forgot about it.
Well, you don't forget about her.
First of all, when your coat is on a chair, but anyway, you lying bitch and she comes back.
And now she tells me she's going to take the two coins out, but instead because she realizes I want to play the machine,
it must be good.
So it's not important that she wins, but that I lose.
Don't be trying to tell me what machine to play.
So one of the attendance comes over and I said, there she's got three machines tied up up front.
And I usually don't say anything on my own business.
And she starts with a mouth on a Russian bitch, a nasty, a hostile, and I'll play ten machines that I went to and...
And so finally, the attendance is one going to call a supervisor.
At which point she played out her last coins and left the machine like a bad out of hell.
Did she spell bad?
No, actually, she was...
If you were to look at her, you're sitting there and she's okay.
Not that great, but she was all right.
A little on the skanky side, but she would have done.
All right, yeah.
But she was just nasty and a hostile.
And the Russian women that I've encountered in that place, maybe it's just the...
I don't know, the drags that go there on the TTC.
Unlike the German women they grow up talking about.
Like what? What's your men women?
Or you tell her to say you go to Colaud all the time, the people are beautiful and how I love it.
Oh!
Oh, and in Berlin?
Yeah.
Man, you must go...
Forget about Amsterdam, forget even about Rome.
If there's one European city where you must go before you...
They stick your ass in a box, Berlin.
All right, trust me, when I'm all good there.
They smell good, they look good, they do a lot of things good, and oh, man.
They're forefathers and they're foreskin and even women.
28 past noon at 560 WDQM when you're shopping for shoes speaking of an unbeatable combination,
you'll find it at Brandeys because comfort, perfect fit and price and value.
That's what it's all about.
And Brandeys carries a humongous selection of just about every top brand in a business
like I've been telling you for a hundred years now, they've got them all.
Whatever brand you like, the best they got, the Floreshime, Echo, Rockport,
New Balance, SAS, Mephisto, whatever you're looking for, you'll find it at Brandeys.
And their professional shoe fitters will guarantee that they have a customized
video favorites you every time.
Just ask for Arnie, he'll take good care of your tutsis.
The pros at Brandeys understand fit and comfort, they even specialize in wide wits as well.
For those of you folks out there with big fat feet.
So Brandeys is worth the trip from just about any place in South Florida to get a perfect deal all the way around.
Comfort, style, fit, value and selection, they are positively unbeatable.
That's Brandeys shoes you'll find at the 1290 North Federal Highway in Palm Pano Beach open daily Monday through Saturday to 9.
And every Sunday till 5.
And another special value this week at Brandeys like every week, take 20% off on all men's Floreshime shoes this week.
Let me say it again, 20% off on all current men's styles of the famous Floreshime brand only this week
and only at Brandeys shoes in Palm Pino Beach.
This is the new Roger's, or this is 5.62 AF.
So these rejoins, we need to have a little more clarification on the rejoins you don't understand.
Yeah Tommy.
Yeah Tommy, get with it.
Because first of all you missed Ferrell saying,
I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal us too fat.
That, and then you like we're gonna miss this.
They roll from there back now down to Calcote County, Chad.
There's not much strange about them outside their garden strats.
Way back then in the Christian West, red pants were days to days.
Yeah.
With man's legs wrapped around them, they squeal with cardboard thread.
Very cool.
The bullets fired from the gun sticks, and the bullets stood fun.
There's another big cowboy shoe, John Wayne, was Mary Young.
His name was Mary Young.
They rolled from there back now down to Prey.
Cowboy, Grimes.
On Saddle Bay, come mountain with some help from Asteroids.
Welcome.
You fairy.
Class 35, and it was a horrible movie.
I don't know if it was horrible, but I won't watch it.
With Nicole Kidman, who I like a lot, it's called My Story.
I believe it was an invite of some guys down in Cancer.
That was depressing from my 2004.
And it was seen several times on the cable.
And as soon as I read the blur, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I mean, not that I don't sympathize with people who die from a whole bunch of things.
But it is, don't we see enough morbid movie in depressing movies already?
That's not entertainment.
No, it's depression.
Speaking of dying, doesn't that mean that you need to watch TV?
I'm dying out of here.
I need to do what?
Watch City of God.
Pretty sure.
That was a deal.
I think that's what I heard, too.
Hello.
All of a sudden, I can't hear the guys down in Florida.
All right.
This weekend I'll watch it.
Let's get around.
Or maybe if we have...
I'll watch it by the end of the weekend, by a few shows.
Yeah, when the kid gets shot, you know, just look away or something.
No, I don't have a couple of people there.
It's just so pointless.
First, he shoots the one kid in the foot.
And there's a lot of violence.
Just brace yourself.
Just brace yourself.
I see.
In other words, this is like that train spotting him in a...
No, no, no, no.
I won't watch that.
Yeah, there's no...
Caca.
In this movie.
Oh, thank God for that.
No, no.
There's no extra tourist effort.
There's just people being blown away for no particular reason.
There's a method to the madness.
Okay.
All right.
Watch it.
This is the environment that they live in, but there's a story going on.
Oh, my God.
So what's the guy that says this all the shooting up big?
Little Zee.
A little Zee.
He started on us as little dice.
He grew up, he changed his name a little Zee.
Little dice.
Oh!
Apparently.
One team at homeless babies released on bot another denied bond.
A little update on that disgusting grotesque story.
I say, uh, fry them all.
Crank up old sparky again.
Let's take a little trip up to, uh, eh, eh, entry.
I mean to, uh, Stark.
A teenager who was charged in connection with last week's
free of baseball bad beatings that left one homeless man dead
and two others badly hurt, was released on bond this morning.
Says the hero.
Also this morning another teenager who charged in the beating death
was denied bond.
Brian Hooks, 18, who charged with a murderer of Norris Gena,
was denied bail this morning.
William Amman's 18-4-large deal was released on $5,000 bond
and left the jail around 10 o'clock this morning.
Amman's charged with one kind of aggravated battery.
Police say he rode along to all three attacks
and then actively took part in one of them,
although not the fatal one.
Hours before Amman's arrest, uh, yesterday,
a Weeping Thomas Doherty, 17,
made his first appearance in a borrowed courtroom
to face a murder charge, also in connection with Gena's death.
You know why he was weeping?
Bye.
Because you got caught.
One of the three meetings was captured on the surveillance tape
which was shown around the world with an hours of the early morning attacks
and to keep showing it over, over, over, over again.
Doherty fled to his mother's home in Tennessee,
where his surrender was negotiated.
Bridgetto, where the company impacted South Florida
and bond the court yesterday, she mouthed the words,
I love you.
To her son, well we don't.
He too was denied bond on Monday.
Amman's who did not leave South Florida after he had taxed for a showdown on TV
was first interviewed by the police on Friday night.
He gave officers the names of Hoax and Doherty
and could ultimately be a key witness for the prosecution.
Neither Doherty nor Hoax who also surrendered to police on Sunday
has given a statement to police.
In court yesterday Doherty's lawyer Bob Nichols asked
the judge to order a psychological evaluation for his client,
circuit judge Stephen D'Aluk agreed to do so.
Hoax who graduated last year from South Plantation High School
and Doherty are accused of beating Gena,
45-year-old FNS-Felon Park,
across from the Broward Performing Arts Center
around two o'clock Thursday morning.
According to a police report, two people,
one of them Amman's, saw Hoax and Doherty approach Gena,
and are carrying baseball bats.
Oh, what a couple of courageous guys.
The report based on Amman's initial statements
is Doherty went after Gena with his bat,
while Hoax stood by a bat in hand.
The report does not identify the other witness.
Hoax attorney Jerome Crawl cautioned against a rudge to the rusted
judgment against his client.
The Courage Charges levied against Brian,
and not representative of his culpability cruel said,
once all the evidence comes to light,
we believe it will cast a different picture of Brian's involvement.
In addition to the murder of Chargers,
the team's also face aggravated battery charges
and a 1A Amitech on Jacques Pierre, 58,
who've been sleeping on a bench outside the downtown
for a lower-real campus of FAU.
111, he stole a loss oldest boulevard.
He suffered broken bones and lacerations.
That's the beating that was captured by the FAU surveillance camera.
The tape shows two young men to believe
the Beed Doherty and Hoax repeatedly clubbing
the defenseless Pierre.
I say just lying out a whole bunch of movies.
I save us a lot of time in money, don't you?
Sure.
Yeah. Or maybe just take one of their old billy clubs
and just clubbed it out.
I just, I don't know.
Maybe I just, as I get older, have, I don't want to hear any stories
about how they were abused as children.
They were misunderstood.
They were bored to death one or two o'clock
and a morning they didn't have nowhere else to go.
And I'm new, you know?
Right? Yeah, what would you do?
I don't know.
Probably be sleeping on a bench in Del Rey.
755, 65, whatever that says.
What's the worst thing about religion?
And boy, it's just the evil.
It's the evil of the universe, man.
Embedded by, invented by a bunch of silly-ass people.
All with ulterior motives, by the way.
To control people's minds, to control their pocketbook,
to control their purse strings.
And if you have a purse guy, they don't want to do with you.
The worst thing about religion, it breeds hate and intelligence.
264, spawns violent fanatics 157.
It's all brilshmit 142.
Keeps people stupid, 93.
How the hell can you think when you're looking at there's all the birds on CNN?
Kill them all now.
Kill them.
Before they get us.
Keeps people stupid, 93.
To be honest with you, if I never had chicken or turkey again,
would it bother me now?
It wouldn't bother me.
Okay.
And then of course there's those mad cows.
Kill them.
Let's see, nothing we need to badly.
51, 6.6% of you are under the religious crep.
The God Squad.
Oh, man.
How come we don't form the...
Damn, God!
Squad.
In peace, try to make progress.
How come many votes has gone?
About third, man.
Great waste of time in money, 19.
And encourages overpopulation, soul of intake, or torsay, man.
That's how many kids these people are all having.
This is the Neal Roger.
This is a lifeline 162.
It's Tommy's fault for that previous rejoin.
It's me offbound.
Yeah.
Tension men if you have a hair loss problem or if you're clearly wearing a piece,
you must listen to this message.
Chuck Alfier has been supplying the designing hair systems for showbiz personnel.
He's been sending them more importantly you, the everyday guy, for over 40 long, amazing years now.
Now, most people say you can always spot a hair system.
Those are the bad ones.
I say, how many good hair systems have a one order?
You don't even know what's a piece.
Charles Alfier's systems are completely 100% natural designed with just the right amount of hair and the proper recessions.
Run your hands through it.
It looks and feels just like you're own hair.
And for just 99 bucks, Charlie will customize on a hair system for you.
You tried for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels.
It's yours for just an additional $500.
Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied.
He offers you the following unbeatable guarantee.
If you're not completely happy with your hair system, just return it.
And Charlie, even give you your 99 bucks back.
That's an offer you can't refuse unless you're on a nut job.
So, call Charlie a day and get yourself a great looking head of hair.
And look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Call him tool free 1-800-321-2413.
The Charles Alfier Studio is in for a lot of day.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or on the wicked web, Charles Alfieri.com.
If there's a butt ass smell it.
At ehatingme.com, we save you time and more.
I knew as soon as we met, we were meant to hate each other.
With ehatingme.com, just fill out our personality profile.
And we match you with someone you will instantly dislike or worse.
ehatingme.com hooked me up with this bitch.
I wasn't hit her in the head with a beer bottle.
Why do we do this? To save your time.
But my last normal relationship with this guy at work,
it took like five months before I finally saw those real him.
Not a bastard, but now with ehatingme.com, I know right away.
Within 30 seconds, a new heat lie to me.
Cheat on me, have a secret bank account.
Tell his dirty lies about our sex lives.
Barton holds my head and recovers this life.
It's so much better.
We meet, say hi, and a cover.
And to save your money.
No dating, no birthday, and a grocery, Christmas or Valentine's presents to deal with.
No makeup or jewelry or hairstyle expenses.
We talk for about 30 seconds, and I just cut our check right there for
Have a house plus, Alimony and child support.
I saved thousands.
Thanks, ehatingme.com.
So what are you waiting for?
Log on to ehatingme.com now.
When you're ready to find and flush the bitch scepter.
In your life.
14-year-old one of QAM.
I want to play 10 machines out playing.
You mind your own business?
You don't become me.
I'm just screaming and shrieking.
This runs Russian bandage.
It's a curtable Russian.
Next time, call her a suka.
Suka?
Suka.
Oh, okay.
How do you know why that Russian stuff?
My woman happens to be Russian.
Dosvedania, spasiba.
Call her a gudba.
I used to know a little bit of risky.
In fact, I can write like a little Russian.
I had like, uh, at any rate.
Comey pinko, yeah, we know it.
56670560.
I'm surprised that the audience doesn't have any spillover.
I guess they got out of their system with you yesterday about the MO departure.
It's that guy.
That one guy.
And about, uh, vote camper for Lynn today.
I don't, I don't know.
I don't want to say too much.
But I will anyway.
Come on, we got to do better than that.
You know, Bo is fine on a weekend.
He's occasional fill in here in areas.
A spot player, you know, but as far as a blogcaster.
Wow.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going, fellas?
All right.
So far.
All right.
That's good.
That's good.
Uh, quick opinion.
Uh, slash suggestion regarding your bowl today.
Yeah.
It's all of those perfect.
Except for one choice you have there.
It wasn't for that.
I suggest you would put at the bottom.
All of the above.
All of the above.
Well, you can't do that because this is not what you have.
I want there.
Yeah.
You have one there that says, uh, right.
Well, for those guys, whatever in other words, part of these things.
And by the way, I'm kind of glad that I'm Mr. Mose out of the picture now.
So hopefully they make a good choice.
Yeah.
We can have one happy family and be a little bit less dysfunctional than we were before
with that festering hate and all the, uh, panigans going on behind the scenes.
Have the boss is listening about, uh, Mr. Maddog right after you.
That'd be good.
To the six man.
You're right.
You're right.
You're higher.
You're the new PD.
Thank you, Pallee.
Yeah.
That's what the deal is.
We had phenomenal numbers there between the two and whenever he used to be on two and four.
And then the Hank would pick up from there.
And, uh, you know, it was just a logical progression.
Two to six man, a mad dog, or even two to five.
And then five to seven.
And then we can worry about, uh, driving home time.
I don't know.
What do you think?
Right.
I smell.
Sure.
Because he's not on in the six to seven hour anyway.
It's a week hour because half of that hour is usually the Marlin pregame show or the Panther pregame show.
Oh, right.
Or some other hurricane warm up or hurricane, uh, cold down or some crap like that, you know.
Some marginal sports events.
And nobody in their right mind would listen to if you paid them by the minute.
We want the mad dog at two o'clock right now.
Oh, right.
Get them on here today.
Come on in early mad dog and just push both camp around.
I'm thinking you can do that.
I'm going to say push them out the door.
What's wrong with both camp or five to seven today?
Wouldn't that be good?
That's fine.
We want the mad dog.
We want them now.
Who did more for sports dog?
Mad dog.
You sure understand?
Uh-huh.
We have more dog.
Yeah, I think that's, I think that's a, that's the choice.
And how come that's on the poll yesterday instead of the silly stuff?
You know, see, I just can't handle it.
You know, you have worse me out.
Anybody in suds?
I would all respect to the Humper and you guys.
Well, what's the point?
Why is it, it's just an exercise.
It's an exercise.
That's all.
When you didn't put, I hate this poll on there and you put it on there today either.
Right.
You need to put, I hate this poll and you also need to put on.
Part of these things.
No, no, it doesn't include that one goofball thing about, oh, there's nothing wrong with it.
It's just the above.
How's that?
Huh?
So all of the, let me say it again.
Part of these things.
Right.
Just that way.
Got it?
Part of these things.
Part of these things.
Part of these things.
Part of the, part of the, part of the, part of the, part of the, part of the, part of the,
part of the, part of the, part of the, part of the, part of the, part of these things.
Got it.
That's fine.
Okay.
I had a fast year that you sent me that was fairly interesting in some respects and I think
I schmitcanned it.
What did I do with it?
Oh, no.
Don't you hate that when I do that?
It's part of that Alzheimer's.
Anyway, we're all controlled with Kevin Dillon, who's probably old and really ugly now.
That was kind of an interesting movie and you know, kind of a crazy movie.
Right.
Colt following one of those deals.
What was an interesting feature on last night was about the Colt movies of the, whatever,
70s and 80s.
Okay.
Including, um, what do you call it?
What do you call it?
What's the Colt Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Oh, that one, yeah.
Yeah.
Now that was awfully gay, you know, if you asked me.
That was all fun.
Yeah, I know that, but I don't know.
A lot of people who went to see that.
There was some gayness in there.
I don't know.
I lost the fact.
So, set it back to me again or not.
In this case, maybe.
What did it say?
Well, it was so that, hey, Neil, here's the poll idea.
Oh, yeah.
I got a handbag again.
It's coming at you.
Okay.
How many QIM?
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have to wish primate work, but I'm in a cubicle here and, uh, a cubicle.
Yeah.
Have you ever had to make up your mind?
Have you ever had to make up your mind?
Yeah, I just did.
5.670560.
Maybe he's just having love and spoonful for a lunch.
I can't say spoonful of what, but nevertheless.
Welcome.
WQYM, hello.
Oh, I never feedbacked.
There you go.
John Sebastian, the love and, uh, poundful.
The season of life, John Sebastian, I think he died.
I don't know.
Let me look it up.
Wait, maybe you don't know.
I know Joel Sebastian's dead.
Now, how I always get him confused.
John Sebastian, and who was the guy in the law and the mom was in the poppies?
He's the one that's dead.
Papa John.
Papa John what?
Pizza?
Hmm.
Papa John who?
Oh, for me.
Papa John who?
John, uh, Phillips.
John, there he goes.
I think he's dead.
And Mama cast the course.
Hey, I have another sandwich, honey.
John Sebastian is still alive, but still alive.
And the habit is not.
Who is not?
Sebastian can't.
Oh, he's been dead a long time.
He was a monster in the TV industry.
And he was really hot to ask the woman.
He was on TV, you're right.
You know, you know, you know, it's just like when they fall in love with the like, uh, Eric
Menari, yeah, or their brother brother because they thought them on there.
They saw him on TV, said they were, they give these, uh, proposals of marriage in the mail.
Oh, you're right about women, man.
Anybody see on TV or in the movies or in the screen in the newspaper?
They see even two dimensions.
They're hot.
They're something.
Oh, yeah.
Like, uh, Heath Ledger, right?
Sorry.
He's just an average looking guy.
He's a very good actor on the internet, but this idea that he's some kind of a sex symbol,
give me a break.
By the way, I've had a woman say that he's really hot.
Yeah.
What your woman said that?
No, no, I just got a woman.
So your woman is Russian.
She's a Rusky.
That's right.
Wow.
Like, in the legal alien?
No, no.
She was born there.
She moved over here.
She was born wire in Minsk, Aberna.
No.
Now that you're laughing, my grandmother was born in Minsk, Aberna.
Well, that's not why I was laughing.
She'll certainly know where Minsk is while we were laughing.
She was born in Brooklyn, probably.
No.
She was born in Kido, I believe.
In what Kido Ecuador?
K-I-R-O-V.
You pronounce it however you want to.
No, you're not scrolling that right.
In Kiev.
K-I-R-O-V.
No, Kiev.
In the K-I-R-O-V?
Kido, I believe.
Fedoroth?
Yeah, that's it.
How about those Columbus Blast, right, Jack?
I believe your Panthers the other night, overtime.
That was embarrassing.
And I'm going to tell you, Alan Cohen, maybe Hank is going to kiss your ass, but I got news for Alan.
You can keep putting all phony attendance numbers in those box scores every time.
It isn't going to make you any more money.
It's not going to make the team any more, you know, likely to be there for a long time.
It's ridiculous, viable, as the word I was looking for.
It's just as an eye.
If there were 17,000 people there for that Columbus game the other night, most of them must have been hanging out on the veranda somewhere with Carmen Miranda.
Give me a break.
What's the point?
You know, all these people in sports who lie a lot?
Well, there was a sellout, but a lot of people didn't show off.
They stayed home and they had them.
Anyway, what do you think about that pool?
I like that pool idea from Mike.
Thanks a lot, Mike.
And thank God that George, you're a fanciful again.
And I'll put it right in my pool pile.
I don't want to lose it again.
And also it says, please tell your listeners as long as your ratings stay through the roof of your show as new to this it is.
You'll never get the far-t sounds back or the word police to back up.
Guess what?
Either way I'm not going to get the far-t's.
And an addition of which I don't want the far-t sounds back.
I mean, it'd be nice to have them just, you know, as occasional dropping in certain spots like maybe in your rectum.
But not who needs it.
And also Mike says for the record, I don't know if I don't know how to go to church with anybody.
Nice going, Mike. You go, man.
Oh!
All you people doing these terrible things.
You know, they talk about child abuse, which of course is a grotesque thing.
This is a form of child abuse.
If he asks me, forcing your kids to go and listen to all these non-sense things,
and dragging them, see that?
The poll we took a couple of days ago on Friday was, remember, you knew what had the results yesterday.
Wasn't that either number one or number two getting dragged?
Is it the thing you did most of the time?
You're showing it.
It was number one in the hit parade.
It's going to be sung by Dorothy Collins, Jizal McKenzie, Russell Arms and Sturkey Lanson, any minute, man.
Your hit parade.
Getting dragged to shul, man.
Baruch, I thought, I don't know anybody know what I'm talking about.
No, and how come we don't have a little bit of that man to share his wine for the kids?
Because it's boring as hell.
Oh my god, almighty, and there's Schluff and Natura around in the Tomwood.
And it got the big robes.
And it got, oh, brother, with the strings hanging down.
For once, how about a religion with no strings attached?
This is Neil Rogers.
No, touch these men.
This is 5'62a.
It's a one to do our.
Yeah.
Got my Harley running.
Going to get the seats flat.
Y'all into Maria.
Hey honey, I'll be back.
With my son, doing it inside, gone.
I hit the road and it turned a space.
You know, I hit a car backing out from the driveway.
With drive spurping from my face.
Well, I was not driving wild.
So my name's Charles in style.
My son started to drive.
That driver is kind of died.
No, charge his smile.
I'm going wild.
Look out.
What do you want to go on?
You idiot.
That's right.
Don't forget.
Nobody's above the law except George Bush and Arnold.
Okay, because they're from very wealthy families.
They've got lots of money.
Right?
Right.
And Arnold knows the Kennedys.
I eat them.
I'm a great leader.
Yeah.
101 at 560 every QYM.
I'm trying to print out a stream.
Maybe I'll just read it.
Okay, because I don't think it's going to print out.
Never have that happen.
You've tried it for something for some reason.
Very seldom with me.
But this one just don't want to do with things.
It's not that long anyway.
It's from the early times that Senator Hillary Clinton on Monday blasted the Bush administration.
It's one of the worst in US history and compared the Republican control house of representatives
to a plantation where the sunny voices are squelched.
A bunch of cotton pickin' idiots.
Speaking during a Martin Luther King's Union Day event, Clinton also offered an apology to
a group of hurricane Katrina survivors on behalf of a government that left you behind
a turn that's back on you who remarks were met by funderous applause by mostly black
audience today, King and Baptist Church of Christ in Harlem.
The house has been run like a plantation.
And you know what I'm talking about, said Clinton.
It's been in a way that nobody with a contrary view has had a chance to present legislation
to make an argument to be heard.
We have a culture of corruption.
We have cronism.
We have incompetence, you said.
I predict to you that this administration will go down in history is one of the worst
that has ever governed our country.
You go, girls.
About time you started talking about something sad burned a flag.
A spokesman for the White House declined to comment with her questions to the Republican
National Committee.
R&C spokeswoman Tracy Schmidt said, oh, she's here busy that she met myster.
On a day when Americans are focused on legacy of Martin Luther King, Hillary Clinton is focused
on the legacy of Hillary Clinton.
And that's a real good comeback.
Okay, Tracy, you stupid bitch.
You Schmidt, myster, you.
Oh, now it's printing out.
I'm sure reading it.
That's the end of the story.
Oh, man, maybe people print out the rest of the story.
There is no.
God.
Don't forget we got Kim Bocapper for more.
How are you David Edited to this afternoon?
No more Mo.
No more.
Okay, she missed it.
KC met out of town over the weekend.
No more.
No more.
Won't hear him.
No more.
But I think it's a great tribute that we keep his memory and his voice alive on this
show.
But you know, like, casing your own QAM.
Yeah, things like that.
What did you say?
Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely.
What about another train monkey?
Oh, yeah, we got 85 million drop-ins from the moment.
Not how we're David, but the Mo.
Myster.
I'll actually went on most of Mar from Mo.
But anyway, well, here's the story about Hillary Clinton.
She said the house is like a plane.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
What do you think?
What's your take?
Curtis, Kimba, one of the other choices.
Joey Reynolds, two to four.
The chic.
Three Michaels.
Oh no.
A lot of choices out there, man.
A lot of people in the radio business who are desperate at this point.
And I guess we are too.
So like I said, I'm so glad that this GM isn't going to let these things continue festering.
Like an open wound.
You know, they don't fight like that.
But to the magic room and ground the rumor mill a little bit.
Yeah, he's going to do it.
Our friend Howard is going to be announcing or doing something.
I'm not sure what for the Olympics.
On the station, you mean?
No, I don't know about that on the station.
I mean, with one of the network sites in Westwood, one or something.
Really?
So in other words, you're going to send to Torino.
Oh, man.
I think he's going to be announcing the Luge event.
The Luge event?
He has experience.
No, no, I don't want this pretty out of you, please.
Oh, no.
Now it's pretty out of three times.
Geez, that's my bed.
W-Q-A-M gossip line.
Hello, not there online.
One mark that down.
One is screwed up.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
We can make this work.
Mr. G to the floor.
Yeah, OK.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Yeah, you had a good point.
I don't know what it was, but I'm sure it was an excellent point.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, where did the Mo'Rong go?
Where did he go home?
Where did he go home?
Volca.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Dang, all right, man.
Mo'Rong, what's your take?
Are you pleased this pleased with your, what do you got in mind, man?
I'm like kind of disappointed because now you don't have any more Mo'Rong bits.
That's what you think.
The Mo'Rong bits just keep on coming.
On that.
OK, pal, I see.
Hi, Mr. Pony, because you thought that was the end of the Mo'Rong bits.
No chance.
In fact, maybe just to begin like that,
I want it.
I'm going to get that in there again this hour.
That's a classic.
Now, did you play that yesterday or would we just get it today?
Yeah, the most leading?
Yeah.
Oh, no, I played it.
Wow, I thought I had a chance.
World premiere there and you played it.
See, stole my poi yesterday and you played.
I'm not taking off any more of these marginal holidays anymore.
All right.
All right.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I made room with Canada, man.
I'm loading up the whole family.
We're coming.
OK, we have room with you.
I have door for you.
By the way, only if you wave the conservative flag.
Scootlite.
This Harper is going to squash in next Monday.
It's going to be really bad.
Yes.
Oh, there's the video of the homeless beatings again.
Three attacks occurred last Thursday.
What is this one captured by a security camera?
The latest suspect is 18 is now facing aggravated battery charge in one of those beatings.
The other two, ages 70 and 18 are also facing murder chargers.
Good.
Fry all three of the rest.
Put them on a tri-seater.
I was going to say a twin-seater.
Stick them all in there.
A twin-seater, one of them can sit on the lap.
You run shotgun.
Stick them tired of a punks run out of control with no respect for human life.
And again, what kind of family do these people grow up in?
What kind of environment?
What kind of background?
What kind of lunatic does crap like this, huh?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Kindly bubble over.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
I guess you feel it.
It's fun making fun of somebody.
Yeah, I'm going to make them proud of them now.
All right.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How are you?
I'm talking to Neil.
Speaking.
Yeah, I know.
I don't know if you're familiar with the director and the writer of Magnolia.
No.
Yeah, well, anyway.
He did all for working nights.
He also did hard-aid.
Well, his name again, we are familiar.
His name is Paul Anderson.
Yeah, Paul Anderson, we talked about him in life after I watched Magnolia.
That is correct.
Have you guys ever seen hard 80s?
No.
Yeah, I have a way to answer that, but I better not.
No, no, I'm not talking about that hard, eh?
I'm not talking about that hard, eh?
I'm not talking about that.
It's a movie that takes place in Las Vegas.
It's very good.
He writes really well in the story.
Now, once you're on love, you're not going to like that because, um,
what's that comedian name that you don't really like?
Oh, it's Cosby.
Yeah, right.
No, it's...
P.P. sales.
It's your honor.
No, you hate the guy.
You hate the guy.
But anyway, are you familiar with hard-aid play?
No, fun, fun, fun, fun, love.
Have you seen that movie?
I've heard it in the past.
You've got a name where you got that brain blocking in like we do.
I got it back.
I got it.
I want it back.
Oh, in that case, you see it.
5.6703.
Yeah, it's full of like death.
You're right.
Holy, these guys admitted.
Well, you see when he gets to me 63, how do I can remember a name of a movie like that when I'm sending you what's it called again?
Like Dolly?
No, the other one.
Hard eights on the way.
5.670, why don't you just Google?
What was the name of the movie?
He was just saying?
Hard eight.
No, no, no, no.
That's not what it is.
Punch-Drawns love.
You're not even paying attention to this old coup game.
You better give it to others.
That's right, not to the right.
Punch-Drawns love, which he sounded a little himself.
Hard about that.
Yeah.
Now let's see who the comedian is.
I hate.
How many comedians do I hate?
Bob Hope.
Adam Sammer.
Adam Sammer.
Oh, geez.
He's a comedian.
Well, and again, comedian by their own description.
Dennis Millman and Bill Mark.
Yeah.
Bill Mark is a comedian.
He says, he's a twerp.
He's a twerp.
He comes up to many bills.
He can't.
That he's a comedian.
He's pathetic.
Okay, if you got Punch-Drawns lover, we're just going to go on till midnight.
I'm going to say home, people.
I'm going to go to bed.
Yeah, and what do you want to know?
Who's in it?
Adam Sandler, Emily Wattenberg.
Okay.
Okay.
That's what I thought.
When I said I had heard of it, that's what I heard.
And I had heard of it.
El Paso, man.
El Paso.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM, Ola.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
I just want to talk to you about topic that's very serious.
When you talked about Celia Cruz, that was very disrespectful.
Yeah.
The Cuban community just set up with it.
Yeah.
Sir, I need to go ahead.
You're here.
You're here.
It's your as a slow reaction, man.
Talk about a slow burn.
You're a country, George.
Yeah.
You're a big, up there country.
Make a fake call to Celia Cruz.
He's a good, blooded American.
Get lost.
Make a fake call to Celia Cruz.
Come in, yeah.
Yeah, crank somebody else in here.
See their Cruz.
So that's the best you can do.
You lose, man.
Cruz on out of here.
Get back on your banana boat.
Get lost.
Right.
Stick up for your country.
See the Cruz.
She's the best the Cuba handoffer.
Right.
I prefer to highman Roth myself.
He wasn't Cuban, but he didn't do anything.
He didn't do anything.
Yeah.
That guy was Cuban like Hitler was Cuban.
Yeah.
Right.
I mean, why even bother with an nonsense?
You know, probably I have a plane golf with Modes after now.
Absolutely.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I'm a fake rich man.
I just wanted to call about that lunatic pastry.
It's been a car last week.
Most pastry fans are cool, but you get those guys there.
They get wicked up on game day.
We're number one, number one.
You know, the pay three is one number one.
You're just a jackass.
Yeah.
You know, how many passes did he complete?
Exactly.
You know, but you were right about those Boston Italian restaurants.
The bigger the name, the bigger the left-down group.
One in 114 and people he had some good Italian restaurants.
I've tried several of the restaurants in the north end.
I'll tell you the place I love was the Prince Forgetty House, man.
They can't beat that.
Very good.
Very good.
There's still good nations.
They have comedy there too now.
They have what?
Comedy shows.
Comedy shows.
Oh, I see comedy shows.
Okay, I hope I get an Adam Salary in them.
Okay, see you around, eh?
Okay, buddy.
Thanks.
Comedy.
Why, he's an England guy, man.
He speaks with an England that comedy.
Say, shout out.
Remember him?
Sean Cutlery?
Oh, boy.
He was a comedy guy.
12 minutes after 1 and 5, 60, 70, QAM.
The Patriots played a bad game.
Oh, gee.
I don't think I can go on.
We won three Super Bowls.
We won the division again.
It's fed up all those injuries.
And they flabbed one of firsts again.
They blew Jacksonville right off the field.
And so they made a lot of mistakes.
They turned the ball over.
They handed Denver the game on a silver platter.
And they lost.
Oh, gee.
What was me?
You know?
I'm kind of glad that it takes the pressure off now.
So who we got?
We got Pittsburgh and, uh, let's see.
I can't even remember.
We got the Seattle in the NFC.
Seattle and, uh, who won the other game?
Uh, Caroline.
Karen's nothing to be seen.
It's easier for her.
They're so non-descript, man.
Seattle and Caroline.
And nothing to be fired at.
And I'm pulling for Carolina.
I don't know why.
And then the AC got Pittsburgh and, of course,
whoever else is left over, which is, uh, 10%.
Who?
Denver.
No, Denver.
How easy to forget about them, too.
Jake the snake.
Let's go, let's go Steelers.
What a turnaround.
You know, I don't know why I like the Steelers.
Because Bill Coward gives me spiel keys.
I can't stand watching him.
That look on his face.
Nice, uh, nice call, by the way.
They're on, uh, first in goal.
I was good.
He got hit.
You know, that's when he got hit in the ball.
That's what they said.
And he hit him in the ball.
He did.
And it popped right out.
The bus.
One-thirteen at five-sixty-dovey.
You know, they didn't show his parents after the fumble
of the goal line.
They kept showing his parents all the way through the game.
After they made another great run, another first down, the bus.
And then after that fumble, like, uh, home run, they probably, they probably, uh,
hauled ass took off.
The Emerald Coast continues to be.
Florida's number one Asian Gore Maybefays, rated by Zagat Restaurant View.
And out every Friday through Sunday night, you can enjoy at the Emerald Coast lobster fest, featuring main lobster,
thermidor style.
And every night is crab fest at the Emerald Coast with less than snow crab legs.
Dungeon is crab and Jonah Stone crabs.
The main you still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell.
And a sushi bar with over 30...
About 30 minutes.
...and it's not like Greg's got so much fun on his hands, you might even see him hanging out there for the sushi.
The Emerald Coast also serves delicious juicy New York steak script order.
Hand-carb prime rib on, on the weekends for dessert.
Leigh broom for the Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain.
You can hand it if your own strawberry, as marshmallows, other decadent treats.
And don't forget the Emerald Coast promotes healthy living.
Cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol, freaking oil, with no MSD, no cornstarch, no crap.
No headaches just a big smile on your face and a big fat public when you waddle out of there.
Book your reservations for a real feast at one of Emerald Coast's real locations.
You'll find the Emerald Coast in sunrise, sunny else beach and pepper pies.
For the Emerald Coast, it's 954-572-3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-T.
I am dead now, but I remember when I was alive.
I was a little bit scared, but I was a little bit scared.
I was a little bit scared, but I was a little bit scared.
I was a little bit scared, but I was a little bit scared.
I was a little bit scared, but I was a little bit scared.
I was a little bit scared, but I was a little bit scared.
They might run some and they had been aiming at us.
They had been struggling with it and they died.
We don't have this chance to go and hold games.
We don't have to get along with you now.
We don't have to get along with you now.
You must have been a little bit scared.
You won't be able to go now.
That was funny.
You must see him all normal.
That's correct.
All of you will be covering your Olympics as the room around town in Torino.
In Torino.
Now to say, you're only going to go to Torino.
There'll be nothing to lose about that.
I'm half a year in to go to Torino, not for the Olympics.
Anyway, 119-Q-A-T.
We've got Kimba Volcanper for Moe.
And then tomorrow it's open-wide.
We have no idea.
Somebody just show up tomorrow and we'll put you on the air.
Speaking of the bus, talk about a heart-stopping game between the Steelers and the Colts.
Terry O'Neill, can you see the story, Josh?
About the guy with the heart attack?
I did.
Terry O'Neill, 50 of Pittsburgh, was watching the game at a bar and had a heart attack.
Seconds after Jerome Betis fumbled the try and the score from the two-yard line, late in the fourth quarter.
Quarterback Ben Rothlesberger prevented the Colts from Nick Harper from returning.
We recovered ball for a touchdown.
And the Steelers hung on for a 21-18 win.
O'Neill said, Betis is his hero.
I wasn't upset that the Steelers might lose.
He told the Pittsburgh Tribune Review.
I was upset because they didn't want to see an endist career like that.
The guy like that deserves better.
I guess it was too much for me to handle.
Like Howard Beale said, I don't want to go out like a clown.
Give me one more shot at it.
Let me carry it about one more time.
No.
O'Neill was recovering in a hospital, credits two firefighters with saving him.
The Steelers won the game and I'm still alive, so I guess I'm doing pretty good, he said.
This guy's really got his priorities all straightened out, right?
Right.
He will have a pacemaker implanted to control on the regular heartbeat and was prescribed medication to deal with the hyper-tension.
He would like to go to the bar Sunday for the game against the Broncos to thank the guys who saved O'Neill.
I guess I probably should take it easy and watch the game at home.
Don't watch, baby.
Don't watch, Terry.
Not a bad idea.
Have somebody like a whisper in your ear.
All right, let's just come up the ball.
Ah, oh!
There he goes.
Talk about taking a little bit too seriously, okay?
5'6'7'0'5'60', 5'6'10'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0'0
151, well I pose without saying.
Baruch Otto keeps people stupid 104.
Nothing, we needed badly, 60.
6.8% of the audience to God's squad think we need religion badly for what?
To make somebody a lot of money, is that it?
We need it badly for what?
Well, not shall not kill, not shall not steal.
Some really profound crap in there, you know?
You know common sense isn't it?
Right, some people got it.
And if your children are obedient, they shall surely be stoned to death.
Religion and Pete's scientific progress, 33, all of these things 24.
See that guy was right, all of these things.
All of these things 24, excuse me if he used to play that.
Great waste of time and money, 22.
Encourages over populations, 16.
And I hate these polls only for so far.
We have 8.78, we could have probably made 1,000 if we had put the big push on it.
But you know what?
We don't want to do that.
We don't want to be pushing too hard.
No, I don't push that hard.
They'll shove you right off the stool in the bar.
567-0560, 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
WCOM, hello.
NEO.
Yes, I am.
Hey, I just moved here from Chicago.
It's not a very romantic place out for it.
Yeah.
Hey, I went to pay for this money.
You should have lawyers for a little kid.
They're trying to talk a lot.
They're trying to say that he's a fight guy.
Yeah, we haven't even entered that county yet.
Get lost.
Staying Chicago, we'll get out of my life.
I just got a message that it was John C. Riley talking at the end of Magnolia.
This is for Josh.
Who is the cop, the cop, right?
Like I said, I thought it was the cop.
And so we thought it was, and that's who it was.
Well, but you don't see that.
All you see is the cop.
But back.
It's the cop.
But you might have watched it again, Mr. U.
But you sure aren't very personal cases for myself.
No, no, no.
It's because you're drunk by the time of that movie ends.
Which I can understand is a few and a half hours long.
Yeah, it is pretty long.
But you know what?
The lift off is asked and he's trying to figure out what's going on in the movie.
No, but I'm telling you.
You can't really start the frogs falling.
Listen to me, when the frogs fall, the copus, the coquette's mother is there.
And then she gets out of it, you know, she goes somewhere.
And then all you just see is like a guy.
You can't hear anything.
You just hear the music because it's ending.
But all you see is a back.
Right.
But you've got a very distinctly shaped head.
You don't see a head either.
I would have recognized he's got that curly.
You would have actually thought it was.
That's not right.
From the voice and all that.
Well, you know, if I was to watch a movie, that's sensational.
And that was the one thing I came away from it, wondering about.
Who was the...
Well, I told you that I don't understand that.
I don't understand the kid where he's smiling when the frog is...
Yeah.
...everyone else is freaking out and he's smiling.
Maybe he's responsible.
That's what I thought.
Because there's like books open in front of him.
I thought I missed frog boy with frog powers.
And...
Maybe he's from Montreal, eh?
Maybe he's a frog.
So you're trying to make too much sense into it.
The crap happens.
That's the theme of that whole movie.
Go back and watch the beginning again.
Please.
All right.
I mean, once it gets into the story for a storyline, you forget all about that opening.
It doesn't have all that.
But that's the message that they're presenting to you is that crap happens.
And then, of course, at the end of the movie, that's what they say again, if my memory...
I saw it so long ago.
Yeah, it happens again at the end.
Right.
I was just asking you the stories that they were talking about.
They didn't really...
I mean, they kind of finished them, but they didn't...
And the words of one of the world's great Chinese philosophers...
God, I'm about it.
There you go.
But that's a cop out just to say that crap happens.
Therefore, this movie doesn't have to make sense.
There he goes.
See, I told you he never really liked it in the first place.
He hates it.
That's why he made up that crap about the ending not being good and the other guy...
Well, you know, like in the first place, I didn't like the movie.
Why does the movie have to make sense?
But I don't agree...
Like, I thought it didn't make sense.
The Wizard of Oz makes sense.
The Wizard of Oz makes sense.
Dorothy...
They didn't end all the storylines.
They don't have to end all the storylines.
There's no...
Did they end the storyline in...
Cacamune, whatever that thing was with...
Yeah.
Harry Balli.
And Harry, they end the storyline there.
No, they're sitting on the porch and I'll...
Oh, he says...
Oh, we're fine.
I think we're going to start getting the story.
Look what happened to him.
I think we're going to be open.
But I think that they finished all the storylines.
Right!
That wasn't fun.
Even Josh, who doesn't even have to fill the bar.
He's not even about even his...
He's not the guy with the brakes.
But we don't need to go back and find out.
If you want to find a whole...
Call up Henry...
What's his name again?
Henry Gibson.
Henry Gibson.
But the guy that we saw...
I can't remember his name.
We always say, already, Johnson.
How many times have we done that in this show?
About 30 minutes.
How many times we think of that scene in the bar?
And where do you make Macy's trying to pick up the bartender?
And he's...
The bathroom is a base crime of raising money.
The reason why he's trying to raise money to get his...
Braces, you know,
Brace yourself for that scene, brother.
The Wiz kid.
Right?
When you make him...
He is so good.
Yeah, all of it.
Everybody in that movie is great.
Yes, they are.
Philipsy Moore Hoffman is great.
Yes, he is.
So let's go see Capote.
What do you say?
It's very gay.
All the way towards the color cable.
20CME 2 and the same with whatever the song.
And the same with the...
And that's the way it is.
They had moral movie.
It must become their cable pretty soon.
Right.
Of course, it wouldn't have any significance to you
because you know, old October, Edward Armour,
or a chain smoking on the air.
I saw those clips.
Those movie television news.
Yeah, who else used to chain smoke on the air?
Gary Moore.
Who?
Gary Moore, you're very...
No talent, but he was one of those kind of like variety guy.
And he was also there.
He was the host and I've got a secret or one of those.
Yeah, I got a secret.
And he would chain smoke for it on the air back in the day.
When he said the fact of advertising on TV.
Winston, Tase Good, like a cigarette shirt.
Call for Philip Morris.
They had Johnny, the call for Philip Morris guy.
And then there was the...
A cigarette ads were fine.
Bring them back.
Okay, if people want to kill themselves with food.
If they want to smoke those faggots.
Put it on the air and stop being such a bunch of phonies.
Okay, you phonie, like you really care about whether people are dying from crap.
The FDA, my ass.
27 after 1 a.k.w.m.
Are you in a dead end job?
Maybe you're grossly underpaid.
What's speaking of underpaid?
How's your race coming, Josh?
I don't know how's it coming.
Lean on clearance when it comes in there about a lean on him.
He'll fall over easy.
If your new year's resolution is a high-paying career, you better act now.
Pick up that phone and call fast train right now.
And 1-866 fast train.
Fast train will get you trained ready for a great new high-paying career.
In just a few short months, that's all it takes out of your life.
Just a few short months to get you a great new high-paying career.
The demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals
is that an all-time high right now, as I speak.
And fast-paying offers can be in day, evening, weekend, classes, job placement,
assistance, and financially for people to qualify.
So pick up that phone and call fast train toll-free 1-866 fast train.
They placed over 100 people just like you in 2005.
Check fast train on the web at fasttrained.com.
But you better act now to obtain that new high-paying career
because classes are filling up fast.
So don't miss the opportunity of the train of opportunity this year.
Call fast train and make that new year's resolution to get a life
and a real job, a reality this year.
Call until free 1-866 fast train and be sure to tell them
that Todd Dreck told you the call.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-8.
And to get it on.
And now, speaking for God, the Almighty had Robertson.
You know, we've all heard of Lindsey Lohan's tragic fight with asthma and bulimia.
But he'd my word if she had not disobeyed her father,
God would not have put the asthma in her lungs.
And then, like a harlot, a stage and screen,
she pursued a film career that simply promoted sexual relations with automobiles.
I mean, did young Lindsey really believe her being the love bug would give the Lord any choice
but to induce her belly to repeatedly and finally purge its contents?
Of course, God will surely find this grace to return the health of Miss Lohan
if the proceeds from this heretical film somehow finds their way to my collection plate,
along with a fantastic photograph of her repenting bust God.
This has been speaking for God with the Almighty had Robertson.
Hey, let's have dinner with Pat. Let's take him out.
132, 20 until 2 in Kimba Bo camper.
Former CBS anchor Walter Cronkite, who's 68 conclusion that the Vietnam War was unwinnable,
keenly influenced public opinion then, said Sunday he'd say the same thing about Iraq today.
Right on, Walter, you go.
Absolutely correct, sir.
It's my belief that we should get out now.
Cronkite said the meeting with reporters and that's the way it is.
At A9, the TV journalist once known as the most trusted man in America,
has been off the CBS even news for nearly a quarter of a century.
He's still a CBS news employee, although he does a little for them.
He's still on the payroll.
Kind of like Sam.
Cronkite said one of his proudest moments came at the end of a 68 documentary he made,
following a visit to Vietnam during the TET offensive.
Urged by his boss to briefly set aside his objectivity to give his view of the situation,
Cronkite said there were always unwinnable and that the US should exit.
Then President Lyndon Johnson reportedly told a White House aide after that,
if I've lost Cronkite, I've lost Middle America.
The best time to have made a similar statement about Iraq came after Hurricane Katrina,
he said we had an opportunity to say to the world any Iraqis after the hurricane disaster,
that Mother Nature hasn't treated us well and we find ourselves missing the amount of money
it takes to help these poor people out of their homeless situation and rebuild some of our most important cities in the USA, he said.
Therefore, we're going to have to bring our troops home.
Iraq, he should have been told that our hearts are with you and the US would do all it could to rebuild their country
and stop killing innocent people in your country and Pakistan as well.
I think we could have been able to be tear with honor, he said.
In fact, I think we can be tear with honor anyway.
In other words, when in doubt get that out loud.
Cronkite is spoken out against the Iraq war in the past thing in 2000.
Plus, it's not far to Iran, it's right across the border.
Right?
Well, we've got to have some order fight otherwise, you know,
perpetual war for perpetual peace.
That's right.
He is spoken out against the war in the past thing in 2004 that Americans weren't any safer because of the invasion.
Cronkite was hard of hearing and walks haltingly, jokingly said,
I'm standing by if they want me to enter the CBS evening news.
CBS, of course, is still searching for a permanent successor to Dan Rather.
Now, speaking of that, I got a bit and I don't know whether I should play it out because it's got a sound in there,
but I'm sure it's not what I thought it was. I want you to listen to it.
Okay?
Did you hear this yet?
No, this is Dan Rather, former CBS evening news anchor man, and now a punchline.
My former networks in ability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an amy-air talking head.
But let her speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me.
First, Bob Sheeper, nice enough man, but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits,
and everyone knows she can't conduct the train if you use Rogaine.
Another name that has been banning about is...
I see that?
Yeah, that was the sound of a Rogaine bottle being recorded onto Dan Rather.
That's where Bob Sheeper's at.
Oh, okay.
John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news.
There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long, plus he's Canadian,
and everyone knows when the camera light goes red, he can't be a hose head.
Then there's Scott Pelley.
That was a few minutes.
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush.
I think.
Plus, he's skinnier than Kelly Riplett, and everyone knows she has to have a meaty can if you want to be the man.
And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime.
The frontrunner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kirk.
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J-Lo's butt cheeks.
Plus, her heads too small, her eyes are too close together, and she wreaks of gene to take.
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon that's important to remember, you can't.
You can only hope to find someone who was involved, Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered,
she thinks her name should be part of the Pledge of Allegiance.
For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong is to bang,
and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table.
This is Dan Rather.
Yeah, so that was, I think he's doing an armpit thing, you know.
It's a chortle, that's what it is.
Oh yeah, that's exactly, see that could be anything.
That's right.
So, dad is a common young kid right there.
I know it, that's why I had a play.
That's fantastic.
Anyway, 10 couples speaking over, what a tie-in!
No doubt Norman Solomon writes this, and it's on our website, it's a matter of fact.
Do I have time for this? Well, I'll make time.
No doubt many people are glad that 10 couples become a regular voice on National Public Radio.
He recently ended 25 years with ABC's Nightlines, where he'll make profuse media accolades.
But what kind of journalist goes out of his way to voice further adoration for Envy Kissinger?
Days ago, NPR announced a couple will do several commentaries per month on morning edition, and all things considered.
The Associated Press reported that it will also serve as an analyst during breaking news and special events.
There's some grim irony in the statement issued by NPR Senior Vice President for programming.
Ted and NPR are natural fit with curiosity around the world and commitment to giving to the heart of the story.
The role of news analyst has been a tradition on NPR News magazines, and there's no one better qualified to uphold and grow that tradition than Ted, they say.
But the heart of the story about US foreign policy is often involved in exceptions from Washington, and since couple became a prominent journalist, he's been a fervent booster of one of the most prodigious and murderous these evers in US history.
Henry Kissinger is plain and simple. The best secretariat state we've had in 20, maybe 30 years.
Certainly one or two of the three great secretaries in state in our century, Coppacet and Interview.
Coppall added on proud to be a friend of Henry Kissinger, he's an extraordinary man.
This country has lost by not having him in a position of influence and authority.
Coppall was heeding praise and someone who served as a key architect of foreign policy throughout the Nixon presidency.
Kissinger, whose record as an Inventory Liar, was thoroughly documented in Seymour Hershens 83 book The Price of Power, Kissinger in the Nixon White House, orchestrated bloody foreign policy deceptions from Southeast Asia to Chile to East Timor.
Kissinger was the smart guy behind the horrendous bombing strategy that killed hundreds of thousands of civilians in Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, as he held an diplomatic stage.
Kissinger was a smart guy who colluded with general penorship for the September 73 coup in the subsequent years of torture and murder in Chile.
Kissinger was a smart guy who in his continuing world as secretariat state after Gerald Ford became prison.
By the way, Jerry is okay just as pneumonia is 92. After Ford became prison, gave Washington's blessing for Indonesian troops to invade and occupy East Timor with mass murderous results.
Kissinger was a frequent guest on that line, so reverently treated by Ted Coppall, that in the summer of 89, the host turned the moderating rule over to the extraordinary man so we could direct the panel discussion himself.
A few years later in April of 92, Coppall was telling viewers, if you want a clear Ford policy vision, someone who will take you beyond the conventional wisdom of the moment, it's hard to do any better than Henry Kissinger.
Coppall's fervent promotion of Kissinger was no anomaly. The long time ABC Newsman immeasurable record of banging the drum for US foreign policy when it counted the most in real time when a crisis was underway.
As part of Life Magazine in 1988, if you'd like to be secretariat state, Coppall responded affirmatively and counted as qualifications.
Part of the job is to sell American foreign policy, not only Congress but to the American people, I know I could do that.
Coppall made the comment while US foreign policy in Central America included direct Reagan administration support for a Contra Terrorist Army in Nicaragua, along with backing for death squad aligned governments in El Salvador and Guatemala,
meanwhile his nightline program regularly gave aid and comfort to policymakers in Washington.
During the late 80s, researchers at the Media Watch Group Faire conducted a 40-month study of nightline 865 programs at all.
The two most frequent guests were Kissinger and another former secretary of state Alexander, I am in charge here at the White House, Hague.
On shows about international affairs, US government policy makers and ex-officials dominated the nightline guest list, American critics of foreign policy were almost invisible.
But Coppall, the program's anchoring managing it or didn't see a problem, recovered by the President and his cabinet and their people be fired back,
and they're the ones who are responsible for our foreign policy and they're the ones I want to talk to.
Instead of wide-ranging public discourse, Coppall show us primarily a conveyor belt for a lead opinion of crucial junctures.
Later, if we got around to exposing official deception, it was after the bunk propaganda that he helped to spread in the first place.
Back in 87 news we quote a note of a basic disparity between the image and function of Ted Coppall.
The anchor who makes viewers feel that he's challenging the powers that be on their behalf is in fact the quintessential establishment journalist.
In that light, considering the overall coverage of Washington's foreign policy established by NPR News, Ted Coppall does seem like a natural fit.
How do you like that? No, I'm in Solomon. You go in, Norman.
I'm the Neil Solomon show. I think I'm changing my name. I'm going to take my mother's name.
Right. You know we got Goldberg, right? Solomon? No, Howard David-Idred. Let's bring it back. What do you think about that?
Eddie Kaplan, right? Right. And we'll have to convert my daughter. It's all I can tell you.
Unless he's going to have to become Jewish unless he's willing to do two to six.
This is the middle Roger. Every second. Oh right. This is 5.62.8.
Do you think that he has to do two to six? Do you think that he has to do two to six?
Oh, I am a boss broken old girl. We're probably good songs and do honey hanging.
Another tasty wife at best in Anna Marley, Christian in Perugus, Fowl, Fowl, Y.
So imagine Johnson toilet at the top of the wall in military contracts. Yes, I'll let you do anything.
I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I
live. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. No no no no... I'm dead. No no no... I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead
Is that what the Humber was saying this morning?
Don't we all know?
Humber is trying to get involved in that.
Which is okay, I mean I'm sure they respect his opinion.
And then again, I don't know.
What about Curtis?
Oh!
Oh!
There was a time when I was so broken I didn't know.
And we did that thing about the greatest record of all time.
I can't figure out if it's crying, amazing what we're looking on the edge.
It's the whole thing.
I think I did one of them.
I think I did 10 proofs and 100.
I should have said it right on.
Oh, I was speaking of that, I got a bet that I probably wasn't going to play it, but I better
where the hell is it?
Which one is it?
And now, the show is the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
Good morning, Mr. President.
Oh, hey Dick, what you got there?
The list of gifts we accepted from Crooked Loviest Jack Abramoff.
We have to give them all back, sir.
Huh, what's on the list?
Well sir, I hate to read the ones that tell you, but your Xbox is on here.
Really?
Oh well.
Oh, my sir, you're taking it well.
Hey, between you and me, I could never figure out how to turn it on.
What else?
Uh, am I new pacemaker?
Uh oh!
Where's the surgery?
Uh tomorrow morning, sir.
Good luck with that.
Well, I got to write some presidential letters and stuff, so maybe...
Hey, where the heck's my iPod?
Uh, that's one of the Abramoff gifts we had to give back, Mr. President.
What?
But how can I work without my favorite tunes?
I don't know what.
Okay, okay, you're going to have to feel the endick.
Uh, but I don't think I can...
Hey, Cheney.
Uh sugar, nai nai nai nai nai nai nai nai nai.
I need a little more like a...
But dear Spooner, where pain is?
I am a big pain.
I need a lot of fresh food.
Come back next time for a fair imbalance.
Compassionately conservative view of our government in action, only on the West Texas Wing.
Oh!
little
money
I'm gonna have to hear it.
Damn, God!
So let me ask you, going over to see Erosmith with Jeff Cohen,
you guys are gonna get stolen before the concert and go over and have a good time.
That's right, and then, afterwards, the Orchie.
Really? You and Jeff and you and Ponytail and Al Goldstein.
And Jeff Rimmer, I'm Bribble with Larin Town.
How many he wanted a piece of that? I'm bringing the lesson.
Environment and crisis were passed the point of no return by Michael McCarthy
and Vermeiner of Independent Online.
30 years ago, the scientist James Lovelock worked out that the Earth possessed a planetary
scale control system which kept the environment fit for life.
He called it Laudiceig, EAIA, Gaia.
Okay. Goia? Goiam.
And the theories become widely accepted.
Now he believes mankind's obesity environment is making that mechanism work against us.
His astonishing conclusion that climate change is already insoluble and life on Earth will never be the same again.
Oh my God!
The world is already passed the point and no return for climate change.
And civilization, as we know, is unlikely to survive according to James Lovelock.
And for finally pessimistic new assessment published in the Independent yesterday,
Professor Lovelock suggests that efforts to counter global warming cannot succeed
and that it affects its already too late.
Oh my God!
The world and human society face disaster, they were succinct and on a faster timescale
than almost anybody realized he believes.
He writes before the centuries over, billions of us will die
and the new few breeding periods of people that survive will be in the Arctic
where the climate remain tolerable.
Oh it's going to be like Toasty there, eh?
Like Bobby in 68 in the Arctic.
That sounds like, well let's say by the end of the century, in 2006,
we're all going to be dead anyway, right?
Right, any minute now.
We don't have it like any embryos listening.
Right, even a punk like Josh to the end of the century, it's like 94 years away.
That's what this year of climate, I'm living about 115.
Forget about it.
I don't really worry about it.
Because that's basically what our leaders are doing after, not forgetting about it.
That's not worried.
Right?
Right.
This is the whole article on our website.
It's well worth reading, it's long, I'm not going to read it.
And I'm just like I'm not going to go into this thing about today, I'll save it for tomorrow.
And the whole audience will turn on us.
And you will too.
But, what you've heard this before, study says low calorie diet keeps your heart young.
And we've always poo pooed that calorie counting thing, you know, like that.
But more and more of these studies have found out that lower calories,
people between 41 and 64 years of age, who consume 1400 to 200,
and extremely balanced calories, were to live a lot longer.
For about 15 years longer.
I better spit out that pizza.
Well, maybe, now I'm not reading this for those living in caloric intake,
had the heart function to much younger people, about 15 years younger than the rate.
I like that.
So if you want to be all hard, count the calories, baby.
And all those meal Rogers.
I'll see you in the next video.
God.
I'll go right back.
Oh.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack.
Use you to the torture, cause they're just lame, they're game.
In the past, it had to be worse with Sir Damm who said.
What's the worst thing about religion as our book was in 938?
See, we could have made a thousand EC, huh?
It would be depuced.
Reaching in tolerance, 313.
Squads violent fanatics 172.
It's all Borschtman, 157.
Heads people stupid 110.
Nothing, we need a badly 63 to guide squad, 6.7% of this otherwise intelligent crowd.
All of these things, 41, in Pete's scientific progress 35,
raised of a time in money 23, encourages overpopulation 16.
I hate these polls, elementate Ocho.
Bye, bye, bye!
When it comes to sports.
Blue, 89, blue, 89, stand up!
We feel a story.
When you buy city, do you see way in?
My heavy fort market.
I think, uh, caliber.
It's some fronfer me.
It's a nice candy.
Double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double.
