Why the euphoric did alright?
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the ones were trimmed and cars had rent
And it seems so very long ago
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor
With every force ill sign I'm right
Where your days be merry and bright
And may all your little neighbors be wide?
That's probably what my riches is thinking too
How about he celebrate a real white Christmas?
Anyway, it's 10.02, how Merry Christmas! Happy New Year!
Let's get it over with already!
We're going to play a lot of stuff today
I don't know what we got left over after yesterday
I won't take very long
I'll interject a couple of times
We only need three more friends in my space to get to 900
Will it happen?
It will happen today during the show
I know George isn't going to mess with him next week
Unless they're going to rule up a big fat one for George
He doesn't even know from them
I don't think anybody could have ever dreamed
In their wildest imagination
That on a show like this on a funny, dirty old fart show
See, that's what they're always saying across the street
While those guys of an Eric's the old station
They're all 100 years old
Yeah, but we got numbers over here and wanted to make a lot of money
And we're not spending millions to put the freaking dolphins on here with the Jimmy Sifilus
I mean, just terminal coma inducing cramp
But nevertheless, nice job said
He'll be back in the Orcan no time
So anyway, if we have three people out there in my space
Or maybe just spread the word
Here's our poll from yesterday
How stressed out are you at this time of the year?
1482, but it was a fine year
10 years before Columbus had sale
Etc
How stressed out are you at this time of the year?
This is, again, I apologize for that poll
But I think we made up for it today though
Yeah, we did
I don't know what you're so excited about
Your way down there near the bottom of the poll
Wow, Jacob, you're way down there, man
When you get down there with him, man
And you really rock bottom
Rock bottom
How stressed out are you at this time of the year?
We asked yesterday not much 287
Somewhat 280
What mean worry 232?
A lot, stressed out a lot
225
Not at all 222
These are all the same
Big time, that's so
I'm having an nervous breakdown 176
And I hate this poll
Only 64% are really garbage poll
So maybe they're starting to feel the generosity of the holidays
You think that could be at all?
No, not in South Florida
So that's what we had yesterday at a 1482 votes
Don Trell, who else had a little bit of a running?
Oh no, learning to spell
I've learned to drink with Don Trell
There's a good bid for you, Brian
Why I see it didn't take too long for a chicken act to get that check
I sent him in, man
Between you and chicken act
When you guys get a check from me, man
They're in the bank before
The envelope is completely open
Damn right
Brother
Well, that's because they're a friend I'm going to give my money all the way
They're like strange stuff like that
Florida, Marlon's picture Don Trell, Willis, was arrested early today on suspicion of drunk and driving
Pulley said, officers started to start getting out of his black Bentley
Around 430 this morning and urinate in the street
Police spokesman Bobby Hernandez said
He did a little pee in the street
The officer is then approached in the other signs of intoxication in the rest of them
Hernandez said
Willis 24 refused a breath test at the police station
Has been transported to the county jail
Marlon's officials did not immediately return a message to the newspapers
Well, it goes on about his record last year
He was 12 and 12, he was the working year in 2003
But it'd be put in a movement
That's it, very short and sweet right in the boy
Learned and drank right now
Well, he's no Peter Royal, I'll tell you that
Well, next time just don't pee in the street, you know
Yeah, don't pee in the street
That's a good idea, all of you people out there are going to be drunk
Do not pee in the street
And don't keep running away and changing your address here if I want to see there if you have a DUI
It's not that big of a deal
I mean, you know, I don't respect it, I don't let people drink and drive
And are a threat to all the rest of our safety
That's another reason I love being here
I don't have a car here, I don't keep my car as you know
Well, you don't do a drink and you drink it either
And I don't drink, I can't drink
And even if I, even if it weren't diabetic, I would not drink her anyway
I mean, you know, my college days, well I could put it away
No problem at all, I could drink you under the table
Even though you don't believe that, I really can
Those big half gallons of myster Brown
Wow
We used to just, that's all I think we did at Michigan State was drink
I drink, we guys doing other things but you know
If I had to do it over again
Like I said, we're not talking the other day about all the ugly guys in my dorm
I think I was, I think they put me in the ugly dorm
Maybe that was, it was a safer thing, probably a good idea
Here's today's pool
And I was gonna tell you, see you're slipping
You know, you know, you know, listen, don't even start
I got big goal right in front of me, man
Oh, do you?
I didn't say big goal
Now you're not, you do know where I'm going with this?
I don't, but I know that you were gonna say, oh why didn't you remind me so
Yeah, and what do you think it is?
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go with it, something to do with my space
Well, only indirectly
Oh no, it's got nothing to do with, I mean that, you know, I don't, I'll never know if that's real or imaginary
It's a fine fantasy, okay?
And you people with a myspace thing, there are a lot of fine fantasies out there
But you know, I'm not that, an old fart like me, I'm just getting my toes wet
With that whole myspace thing, just my toes
Right?
And the potential I see on there, when that guy said the crack cocaine of the internet
That's not even close to describing what, what potentially can be
I mean, who the hell knows, you know, you're looking at something and who knows if it's really that person
Or if it's, you know, it's just amazing, but anyway
No, do I dare tell you what it is because you'll laugh your ass off and then I'll have to be embarrassment the whole of time I'm vacation
Like I said, I'm ready
Yeah
Well, you were close, my goal, I mean, not like a life goal, like to make $50 million or something like that
Or to meet the rich and famous or whatever your goal is
But I just, just call me stubborn, in fact the two S's, stupid and stubborn, okay, to go hand in hand
And I, and this is probably as long of a shot, I don't think it's gonna happen
But just not a stubbornness after all that crap I went through, you know, for those couple of weeks
And I was getting a little long down by the nose
Over and I still don't know why, I don't know why I could allow myself to get so hysterical and emotional about somebody I barely even know
My goal is that sometime before I croak that I'm gonna get either an email, I'm likely a phone call
It takes balls to make a phone call
An email would be okay from that person from Jacob
I know I realize it's just called being stubborn, I don't know, just neither an apology or a stupid
Or just, Merry Christmas, have a great life, get lost, you old queen or just anything would pacify me
And of course, I'm sure that we have people on the Myspace thing since he's going into hiding on air
And he's got his profile said, the private, I can't get through to him, which is fine
I don't need to send any more apologetic or psychotic messages
I think this is a bad news for you buddy, what do you mean by that?
I think this is a flashing sign of you haven't gotten over this thing
No, no, no, no, that's not known that you're wrong about that
No, I'm moving on to a bigger and better, uh, huh?
Thanks, not that
No, seriously, you're wrong about that, but it is just stupid, it's just called stubbornness, that's all
I mean, wouldn't you think just out of natural curiosity, you know, I mean, why would anybody go driving so deep in a hiding?
Look at that friend request, we may be getting to our 900 before you know it
And I'm going to play all bits today, let's see, who's this goofball, Jim?
Let me take, you know what I do on these?
Oh, Jim is 24 years old, he's in Crete, Illinois, he's not a Cretan though, I don't think he looks like a guy
It's like kind of a human looking guy
So I'm approving him, that means $898, this is great!
We can have 900 before, and then I just get out of here
Because I'm going to go to Woodbine today, you know, it's going to be pretty, everybody's going to be shopping like crazy people today
Not be a good day to be, you know, thinking about anything other than going to Woodbine, do you think?
Yeah, I don't think it'll be very busy there either because everybody's going to be out shopping and they don't want to plunge away their money
Now who the hell did I get a message from about, oh my buddy up at FSU, what the hell was his name?
My buddy, I thought my imaginary friend Mike
It's fun, it can be fun, I don't mind, I mean, you know, this is the one thing I will say is that over the years we never gave an email address
Because I didn't want to be inundated and feel like I have to sit down and you know, answer emails for 80's and in people out there
But so far we haven't been like inundated with the messages and that's what I'm taking the time to like, just a quick note back to whoever it might be
Right, maybe now you get a little picture, you know, you get a little profile
Right, that's it, of course we don't know if that's the real picture, if they look like Robert Greeper and Gilbert, but nevertheless
And of course some people may be more than one message, but that's another story
Okay, so here's our poll today, see you interrupted me, so in other words you think that I'm foolish, well forget about that, you think I'm foolish, period and with good reason
But what's your, what would you say the odds are in that ever happening under any circumstances?
Given the circumstances of how this whole happened, I'd say they're not very good
Yeah, I don't mean like right now, now that all the hysteria is still there
All the smoke clears? Right, well see, only time will tell
I say okay, that's a good safe bet, what do you don't gamble?
Good thinking, don't gamble over your money man, so I started to say, Mike at FSU who's a 20 year old guy
He's telling me that the slots are crap
See listen, all you people are putting my friend Harry and Detroit, you do with your money, whatever you want to do with it, okay?
One thing about me, I don't tell people how to live their lives
That's not part of my DNH philosophy, in other words, as long as you don't hurt anybody
Just have a good time, enjoy life, whatever, whatever does it for you
And I enjoy going and you know, in every now and then I get lucky
And this business about all the probabilities, see I found an interesting thing
That time I still want to got P.O. and I called that guy from the Gaming Commission, whatever it is
Right, I remember I had that long conversation, I was pretty p-o'd about it
And he's explaining me that those percentages that's over the life of the program of the machine man
So if it says it pays out 97% or 90%, that's over like could be a year and a half
So that might mean the machine might get hotter and healthier a couple of days
And it might be colder for two, three weeks for a month, cold as ice, but anyway
In addition to his three best friends, who should Neil add to his will?
Well, I'll probably not put nobody on there, don't you think?
Yes, because it's unfair to my really close good, the personal friends who are like, you know, great friends
Nobody is good to it, anyway, so far George is kicking ass
George 124, and of course that's right, I'm going to leave George a little something in there, few bucks
BOT TURNED ME
Or maybe more like eight bucks
Seriously, I appreciate George very much, but again, keep it in perspective
And me, me, meaning whoever is doing the voting on it, me, leave me some money, 273
No chance, send me a picture
I hate this poll 93, 10.5%, I don't understand that, especially a couple days before Christmas
And right in the middle of Chanooka, man, that's bad
I hate this poll, stop what I hate, you people in South Florida, stop what I hate, I hate when I see that
Uh-huh, has got 72
Right, oh yeah
Bokeh Brian 65, Brady Quill, look how many Brady's got
BOT TURNED ME
Maybe he ain't going to need my money, okay, he's not going to need no help from me, that young man
Josh Cordis, you only got 19, and the only person you're beating out is Jacob, who's got two votes
And I'm sure his two brothers probably voted for
Ha ha ha ha ha
Well, you know, he wouldn't do it because then he turned around and say, well I already turned you down on that way
Whatever you want to say, wow, hiding man, he's in hiding, he's in
878 votes, so you're not doing all that great so far
Damn, now do you really think I'm going to let the audience influence my opinion here?
Uh, no hope
You're hoping no, he's got the fingers and eyes and legs crossed
So, these names of best talent for the business of your Rochester Sports Radio 560s, you AM
That's what Friday you bestons
Basically, the light is missing
In this oververmission, I'm wearing her clothes, herself pantyhose
Walk around and wave as underwear, insure there's a day of little stress
Like spaghetti, it holds me so tight, I can't cause that night, walk around and wave as underwear
In the office there's a guy named Melvin, he pretends that I am both vibran
You'll see how he made it, he will say, whoa, man, that's great until the work is out of town
A lady run, if you wanna, we can dress like my daughter
Put on some ice-shake and join the parade, walking around and wave as underwear, legs and legs
And sit, be nice, remission, wear in her clothes, silk pantyhose
Walk around and wave as underwear, walk around and wave as underwear, oh, right
Walk around and wave as underwear
1020 at 560 WQ AM, what are we gonna do today?
Oh my god, who does in Pemberpine, so be squeaking for two hours, it's afternoon to the four, for the Amaddog
The Humper is on the solo and power hour four to five, cause we got no Amaddog, then we got Humper five to seven
And then the B7 to 10, followed by the last education, I guess it is the last time we never got any update on that
Huh?
Huh? I guess it is
That's quite a story last night, I think it was on Brian Williams on NBC, I don't wanna go into a whole song and a dance about it
Christian Gain leaves behind a pile of corpses
Here's a whole story on this murking chimp, it'll be on, you'll put it on for tomorrow
Matt Taibi who writes for Rolling Stone, it's much too long to read, I don't wanna read a whole bunch of long stuff today
Cause that promised there was gonna play a whole rack all day today, and you know what I'm not doing that
Now there would be a copout to do it all four hours with that, wouldn't it?
Yes it would, I mean it would be smart and obviously as you've seen these last few weeks I'm not always smart
906 votes on a poll by the way, and nobody in Jacob are tied with two votes of peace and last place
And you got them beat out, nobody in Jacob beat out, you got 19
Hooray, but even Brady Quinn's got 32, he's way ahead of you
I don't know why he put him on there, I guess just is a...
Yeah, just is kind of an emotional thing, you know somebody, we know you'd like to, you don't need my money man, he's gonna make millions
No question about that
Right, he's not gonna be that good of a player but yeah he's gonna make some money
But you say that, I genuinely don't think he's gonna be that good in the NFL, I'm sorry, maybe I'm going to lose that way
Based on what?
I don't know, he's never really want a big game in college, you know I don't think he's that great
I think he's great
Yeah, I'm sure you do
Yeah
He, I mean he's no, but then again who is?
Anyway, can I just give you a little bit on this, I don't want to read the whole thing
Eternal forces allows you to command the Tribulation Force, uncover the truth about worldwide disappearances and save as many people as possible from the Antichrist
Here's a new video game
Leave the Tribulation Force from the book series including Rayford, Chloe, Buck and Bruce against
Nicolai Capacarpathy of the Antichrist
Defend yourselves from the forces of the Antichrist and gauge in physical and spiritual warfare
Use prayer and special abilities to boost the spirit of your forces
Command over 30
But 30, man!
Unit types through dozens of missions at online player action defend against the spiritual influences of physical warfare of the Antichrist army through the power of prayer and worship
Left behind, that's the eternal game forces game synopsis
So here I, it's been a long time coming, but this week I finally received the Christmas gift I've been waiting for for what seems like ages
My left behind eternal forces video game
This is the first Christmas gift I've ever bought for myself
Normally I hate Christmas, in fact I make it a point each year to search out and print out all the news stories from around the world involving thefts from my desecrations of nativity scenes
When I'm finished, I placed in my office area with all the photos of the glum you old titers standing around me now headless Joseph's and Mirries
And I make this news mirror my private sanctuary the place I run to when the holidays and especially the holiday commercials get to be too much to take
And it goes on about the ablign Jesus with his eyes poked out and in Montreal
Then the activity scene where thieves boosted the baby Jesus and they never recovered the body and they had to anchor Jesus to his cradle this year
And this past weekend bandit sought off legs several of the wise men of the knees now they're still wise but about 30%
30% shorter, why is it much shorter?
And some of the huge fiberglass figures also had their eyes poked out and he goes on on, anyway this is a new violent video game but it's so religious
That is too funny, can you play as the antichrist army?
You know you better watch it
You're not doing really well in the whole game
You better hope that I stick around long enough to reconsider all this to reevaluate
I hold it especially when you told me that that was an unrealistic goal
You know, maybe old Joe, maybe Jacob's ex-never will get to him and say why not show a little bit of something
Yeah, well some old man and I say nice or a hateful note something just to calm him down and pacify him
It's a closing chapter in a very ugly episode that you did but we'll see and maybe not
Because the one thing about the mice face thing and maybe I'm wrong about this is I get the feeling that
Well, I mean, you know, let's face it. Oh, and I didn't mention we got 899
There was another one during the break. Oh really?
Yeah, cute, what the heck was her name? Let's see
Let's see who it was cute chicken, Pembroke Pines, I think I forget what her name was
But she's already all right, so we got 899 all we need is one moe
One more mice face friend and we got 900 going into the minisification come up that would be a real feather in my cap wouldn't it?
Well, what was stupid expression is feather in your cap. What does that mean?
Huh? I don't know feather in your cap. I can understand that with the Indians, you know, something like that a feather in their headdress
You're the only person I have ever met that says that. Get out of here. Oh, Google it. Just go with the other way
I'm not saying I haven't heard it before but you're the only person that actually uses it
Why is it sarcastically? I know like everything else I said I'm still casting. I'm a sarcastical bastard and I love it
And they might don't like it too freaking bad, but happy holidays to you anyway
923 votes in addition to his best three friends who should need to leave add to his will who wants some of that money
A little something something
George 342 me meaning the person out there responding 283
Oh, I hate this pull 98 10 and a half percent really wicked evil huh? He's doing well. Huh?
75 real or imaginary
I mean, let me ask you this here see I'm putting you on a spot and in your opinions mean because opinions are like a holes
Everybody's got one, you know right to think you'll be back
Who the the honk it huh? Think you'll be back
I don't know I mean you guys got a lot of messages out to each other maybe he had nothing else to say
No, no, I don't mean like right now
I'm not going to start getting pushy again. I discovered what that does people get all antsy okay, answer your messages right away
I got I got the new jobs to get new phone numbers to hook up
What do you think? I'm gonna go with yes
Okay, well that's good. Now you now you moved up an answer to my opinion
Mocha Brian 68 he'll I'll leave him a little something and he'll cash it immediately Brady Quinn 32
At least I shouldn't have put that on her. It's just stupid, but it makes me happy Josh has got 19 you only got 19
You're not going anywhere nobody for and Jacob is still only his two brothers. I guess only Solomon. They dose a real dose
I'm a
Why
I
was
a
You
You
I'm
everywhere I go round the other a z a z they don't know what the day
So be true to your show
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
Rade
A問題
I'll be jack up on the solve this бр I'll be ready to
I'll be in city now, I go present the offer in my choir now
She'll be singing away, be true to your show
Let your hours stay, let your hours stay
Be true to your show, let your hours stay, let your hours stay
Be true to your show
Get your hours stay, let your hours stay, let your hours stay
All the other mics are all the time, baby
All the guest keys on the camera, this year highlights all of that
All the religious trackings, of course, none of them need their Hanukkah or Christmas
They've got very much to do with religion to all anymore
It's all about shopping, baby, it's all about commerce
It's all about MO anyway, well we've got 901 now on our MySpace
Aren't you? I bet you never dreamed I could do this, huh?
And you know something, if I would have fucked it
I can't stand people who would have said, who do you think it? I hate that
One of the most annoying expressions, crazy people say that, who do you think it?
901, and if I were to push this about a month or two ago, we could have 1000 by the end of the year
I mean it could happen now, but right, let's George has a wild time next week
We're actually going to get 1000 now, you know we could have done it, right?
Yeah, we could have
It's just that you and Miguel are so negative thinking that this old fart
MySpace is a place where a young living and breathing people are, you know
Yeah, that's it
You know people like, huh, and like that
So we got John and Vegas, Will, and Stamon
There's a Stamon, it's got an interesting picture
He's like naked on the beach from about 100 miles away, he's a 47-year-old guy
And covering his private with his hands
It's amusing
Stamon, of course if you had a name like that you'd be a little strange too, I guess
901, huh?
Of course if you had a name like, huh?
You'd be mysterious as well I guess
In addition to his three best friends, who should Neil add to his will?
950 votes, we're going to have a thousand maybe over the top of the hour
Pretty good on the 22nd of December
WQ I am, hello
Hi, Frank
Getting back to the poll
George has got 352, me 291, meaning whoever you are out there who wants my money and you can't have it
I hate this poll 101, down to 10.5%, making a little progress there, not much
Look who's got 77 votes, he's doing well
And rightfully so, Mocha Brian 69, Brady Quinn 33, you've only got 19, George
I'll be damned
Wow, nobody's moving up fast 7, which is a pretty good thinking
And Jacob still only got a small pair, only 2 out of 953 votes, he's not doing well
Stamon, you noticed the one call we had there? I wasn't playing on taking any but I did see that line flashing
You know, me being in Palsad and being in holidays, other well, let's just give it a shot
You know, maybe it's something that somebody wants to hear but I doubt it, and it wasn't
But nevertheless
Eight Marines were charged yesterday in the killings of 24 Iraqi civilians last year doing a bloody door to door sweep in the town of Haditha that came after one of their comrades was killed by roadside bomb
They were pissed off and fired up so they decided let's kill some people and they did
In the biggest US criminal case involving civilian deaths to come onto the Iraq war so far, four of the Marines, all enlisted men, were charged with un-pimeditated murder
The other four were officers who were not there during the killings but were accused of figures investigating and reporting to deaths
The most serious charges were brought against staff sergeant Frank Wudarek, a 26-year-old squad leader accused of murdering 12 civilians in order to murder the six more inside of house cleared by a squad
He was accused of telling his men, shoot first, ask questions later
Huh, kind of sounds like certain police forces that we know in the USA, shoot first, ask questions later but nevertheless
Let's not get too heavy and morbid here on the Christmas weekend, right? That's right
Keep it light, man, keep it light
Okay, what are you saying? Keep it light
I remember that guy, that guy's long since dead, you know, here it is, March 1 will be 31 years of it on the year and I'm assuming I'm still around by then
And I just stop and think back to a lot of the really nasty, hateful people over the years, I mean, there've been a lot of nice people too
But the ones that stand out in your mind are like the hateful ones
Of course, the ones that wish that you would croak, that wish you would fail and hate you like poison because for whatever reason, you know, because they just probably hate everybody
And the interesting part of it is that most of those people are pushing up daisies now
At KAT, very early on, I just started my show on this old, old college, of course all of our listeners were, you know, death plus a hundred
That was our median demographic
And he calls up one day and says, keep it light, man, keep it light
I'm a change like that, yeah, just like that, real, ain't it
Keep it light
And of course, he was one of only 80's in people over the years who've given me instructions on how to do the show, what to talk about, how to talk about it, and all of these things
And a joint appearance on Good Morning America yesterday, former president Bush 41, joke to actor George Clooney about Britney Spears underwear problem
Oh my God
We're seeing you're also said he was embarrassed about crying during his speech about his son, the jeffster, fat as jeff
And dismissed first lady Laura Bush's skin cancer scare as only a little thing on her leg
So I got a great line for that
Wow, come in a QAN, hello
Al Rantel
Can a joint appearance on Good Morning America yesterday?
Al Rantel, yeah, and I should leave Alice in my will, yeah, Alice Rantel
Likely story, or maybe he was, that was a suggestion for self-hating queens that pull her take a next week, Alice Rantel
Come in a QAN, hello
Okay, now actually that's the best of the three so far right there
No doubt about it
This one might be a real call of what I doubted
I made it
Wow, whoa
Man
And if that's, so W is, not W, but George Herbert Walker, they're all the same to me, all of us are thieves and dumb boys and crooks dangerous
dangerous, the dangerous Bush clan
And as far as all this Trump and Rosie stuff, I don't, you know, as they say in Norway, Hubsay and Drared, you know, I don't care about either one of them
I can't stand either one of those people
He is right, I will say that, she's a pig face, you know, but they said something like that
And he says, I'm worth billions of dollars, I have to listen to this fat slob
And he, she walks him from being a moral authority because all his hanky spanky and all his wife
And extra wives and extra kids and all this other crap he's been doing and of course the bad here, the comb over she called it
That purple wig man, it left me in a purple haze, I'm telling you, Jimmy Hendrix's world over in his grave right now
Seeing a guy that's worth billions of dollars with, you know, wouldn't you think that he goes to Chuck Alfie or eat or something sensible?
When you have that kind of money?
He's like, I would put him in a category with more
So far as bad piece, wow
First he had that orange, that kind of cartoon character orange color one and now he's got the purple one
9.63 on a pool and you're still stuck on 19 and Jacob just moved up a notch, he's up to 3
So I guess we can assume he's voted now
The biggest name, the best talent to do this is Neil Rogers, for sure, Neil 560, you A-M
Neil, yeah
The federal Florida Drug Administration has joined the investigation of the E-Coly outbreak at Taco Bell
No, it is on the E-Coly outbreak, the majority of victims ate at Taco Bell
Well I drove down to get a B-B-B-R-E-T-O
Taco Bell was calling out to me
He felt like I was shot with a toy-pink-meet-o
And then I got explosive number three
I then I threw up higher than love with all trees
Then I threw up, it brought me to my knees
But I was real, laying beside my toilet
And my two arms, but it wasn't over yet
Oh, Florida, I'm so sick, you're not as sick as I am, I'm sick of the new impossible
I can't even think down, or look at me, you can see stuff, I lost 12,3 hours
Oh, that's bad, you can see my screen, oh, it's a lovely screen, oh god, no, I got the maximum hurt
Oh, don't leave me, get out of the way, I'm still fine, you can make a decent way of new show, I suck it all
Three of all girls, the cramps were all the one helping
Then I threw up, my hand started to ring
I was weak with case a day of fear
And on my tongue I started growing fear
A long, long time ago, it was 1900, and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine
And no one knew what was in store, just ended the Spanish American war
So they ported like it was 1899
There were events that made you shiver, but there were times we did deliver
A promise that was kept, with that famous one small step
I can't remember each event, or everything that man did in vans
A century we will present, and this is how it went
My, my, how the time it did fly, since it started some deported manities we did try
For the century it's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by, it all started when two guys were right
When they put an airplane into flight, and the start of radio
Signified had his mum to thank, and quantum theory and max blank and the Titanic
That story we all know
Well World War I, it soon began with shooting arch-dough princess burden and millions died from the flu
And where sticky was brand new, and then Russia had each revolution
Panama connected both of the oceans, monopolies we won't see again, a hundred years gone by
And we were singing my, my, how the time it did fly, since it started some deported manities we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by, it all started when two guys were right
Now it had his relative, a teen, a master produced a new model, a teen, and a bird landed near Paris
Then some moldy bread game, and a sail in Wall Street, and the great depression and women would vote like you and me
And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in, and World War II would soon begin, made your return from land
The projectman had ten revolution trial in Tennessee, we caught a first look at TV, then the day that lives in infamy
A hundred years gone by, and we were singing my, my, how the time it did fly, since it started some deported manities we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by, pranked claim Winston, they were soon be winning, starting with the detailed vision
But at one in a polling course, in Russia no one did the frost, and Germany they finally lost, discovered the horrors of the Holocaust
Or Batman little boy and all the gay changed the whole world on that very day, NATO had just begun, and trying to move by messy town
The first player in baseball that was black, is real got their whole land back, Massachusetts elected Jack Gohan, three years gone by
And we were singing my, my, how the time it did fly, since it started some deported manities we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by, separate for equal mates such a fuss, Russia too tired when on the bus
Holy oh cured with the vaccine, then my sharks get us big time with spot Nick, our troops into Korea quick, discovered the double helix scheme
Oh JFK let us wait too soon, but promise to get us all to the moon, you he is first in space, yeah the pill we did it race
And the French have been climbed into the night, Cuba's missiles gave us quite a fright, but the Southeast Asia is on to fight a hundred years gone by
And we were singing my, my, how the years they did fly, since it started some deported manities we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
Neal's giant step was the big news, Rover's way gave women right to choose, Nixon resigns about water gates
All right, got the troops out of Vietnam, had hostages taken by Iran and a virus made us too scared to go day
A test to babies held the loft, some guy named Bill started Microsoft, Chernobyl explosion, the Berlin wall gets broken
The USSR says goodbye, some students in China they did try seven died in the Florida sky, a hundred years gone by
And they were singing my, my, how the time it did fly, since it started some deported manities we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
We were singing my, my, how the time it did fly, since it started some deported manities we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye, cause a hundred years have gone by
Wow, I think I could play that three more times when you get out of here
I do like that though, it's a great part of what we use to use this one this time to play it
How long was that? How long is it? You've never heard that before? Of course I have but I'm just, how long is it?
I think it's a little personal, 819, even it's 19-
Wow, it's one of the great ones you've played though
It's one of those like MacArthur Park, like one, you know, when you gotta go take a, uh, choice
You put that on, 998 in the pool, it would be really great 998, and 999, one more vote to 1000, wow, holy moly
I got an update on the Dom Trail thing, a, uh, more lengthy story, Drunken Driving for Dom Trail
Let's see, they saw him disembark a 2007 Black Tudor Bentley on the 1200 Black Washington Avenue
He left the vehicle double parked and you were needed on the street before getting back behind the wheel
We had to take a little, uh, look in the leak
That's right
They said he was only able to produce vehicle registration when asked for his driving documents
And every fourth they knew that he appeared confused and disoriented and had bloodshot water, we eyed slurred speech
And a strong odor of booms, baby, boo, he failed us, he failed us a bright, he just later refused a breath test
Ultimately, rest of the transported and dead county jailers being $100,000 bond, Marlon's have no comment
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop
Two months ago, the, uh, him and his wife, Natalie, uh, Vitech, Riano, purchased a $2.65 million waterfront residence in North Miami Beach
By the way, speaking of Miami Beach, there's a phony anonymous person
See, I don't put anonymous friends on there on our Myspace page, do anything gets a good idea?
Well, that, that'll get you to 1000 quicker
Thousand what?
Thousand friends
I don't want anonymous, I won't put them on there, I won't put minors on there
With one exception
He's getting close to illegal age
But, uh, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Thousand what votes on the poll? Alright
And Jacob got four, which means he must be voting a lot, he's tapping it out
And 901 on our friends
No, you think I should put anonymous people on there on the Myspace?
No, get out of town, Jose, man, get cereal
The police have a lot of my facts anchored up to the federal SQM show, Onchins
That's what we're talking about right now.
It's not a fact that you're eating it.
You're scary.
You don't know the Bible like I know.
I'm a secret like a white Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike and not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yes, wouldn't it be wonderful if everybody in the world was white and Christian and looked the same and said the same things.
I don't think so.
No, to me that would be paradise and the Republican ways.
I see things like a white Christian and how we all must think alike.
All the games blackened your lungs must die.
I do and everybody is Christian and what?
Yes.
Hold it right there, Mr.
There's better crime.
That's right. We're the Christmas bullies.
No, only dating actually, but give it time.
Don't try to change the subject, Bustin.
Yeah, there's been a series of breaking and entering.
We want to find out what you know about it.
Well, it was the night before Christmas.
All through the town.
Now that creature was stirring.
Sub-sumbed fat clown.
Santa Claus?
Also known as Nick the St.
Also known as Chris the Cringle.
Love.
Brotherhood.
Sounds like some kind of zonked out hippie.
I bet you are one of the selfers.
Okay, Joe Cuffin.
You've got the right to have a Merry Christmas.
And you've got the right to a Happy New Year.
If you stand in the vermin of Toll of Paraplyps,
Camin will be held against you.
What you've just heard is true.
If you shouldn't doubt anyone with visions of sugar plums dancing in their heads.
Report them immediately to the Christmas police.
Love it away to 560 WQM.
And by the way, Fat Boy or PD Lenny or whichever former QM sales hole
is anonymous, they're on the MySpace.
So they're whipped up about the fact that the facts,
the one that's sitting in there with you,
that the facts isn't working which it hasn't for three days.
Who cares, right?
Right.
As if we didn't know that?
Well, I'm not getting anything either.
No, because it doesn't work.
It's messed up.
Maybe you want to reboot it, reset it, or maybe the line is dead.
I already know.
You did what?
You rebooted it.
I rebooted it.
And it's dead.
Because mine here is working just fine.
Like as usual, it's the stuff there that's all screwed up.
Anyway, this particular person must be somebody who's...
It's gotta be because they also have the number here
because there were the ones that were trying to fix me something here.
My regular phone, which is not connected to the facts.
I mean, you know who it is.
You know who it is.
Fat Boy.
Yeah.
Like I really need to hear from you, Fat Boy.
Go away or it could be PDLini, you never know.
Or it could be some other Schminderick.
Anyway, there's a 1021 votes on a poll.
Not too bad.
We got 902 friends in my space.
Wow.
Impressive?
I'll say.
Now you will say, because you're not going anywhere on our poll.
You haven't moved since I sat down this morning.
You haven't moved one vote.
Oh, man.
What am I doing wrong?
You're just...
I don't know.
They're just not too crazy about you.
In addition to his three best friends, who should Neil add to his will?
Who should Neil leave his trillions of dollars to?
George 372.
Me, meaning the person casting the vote, 317.
No chance.
I hit this poll 105.
That's a 10.2%.
If we get it under 10%, I'll feel like I'm going to have a happy holiday.
Do you believe me?
No.
Huh?
He's doing well.
Huh?
He's got 82.
Oh, brother.
See, the whole thing.
I went through this couple of weeks with somebody I actually know exists playing with my mind.
Now I've got somebody I don't even know is for real.
I mean, the pictures of a real person, you know, but that is me.
And now that's playing with my mind, although not much.
Not in the same category.
You know, it's just for fun, right?
Right.
Just for fun.
Anyway, whoever it is, I sure like to find out.
Anyway, Boca Brown's got 71.
Brady Quinn 37.
He doesn't need my money or your money or anybody else's.
And in spite of what Josh says, that's why they're not getting a lot of votes for you because you're so negative.
I'm not negative at all.
Negative.
Brady Quinn's not going to make it in the NFL.
He's going to be big.
Yeah.
Brady Quinn 37.
Josh, quarter is 19.
You haven't moved one vote.
You're not making any progress.
Nobody's got 15.
And Jacob's all the way up to five.
Wow.
Not exciting?
1023 votes.
It's a much better poll than a piece of crap we had yesterday, which we apologize profusely.
And guess what?
What?
Your facts line ain't working.
The biggest name.
The fascinating opinion of this is the O'Rodgers 4th radio 560 QAM.
You bastard.
Ha ha ha ha.
It's a holiday.
What do you expect?
They don't like Brady on it.
Oh, my friend.
The time has come.
Who think I thought to get real drunk?
The highway she swirfs to and fro.
While the sirens play on drain.
Jobs are just a thing I'd say in advance.
You see a friendly run real fast.
She going to smoke up the gun.
Get under her rest up.
And it goes thingy long.
Do you I, do you I, do you I, do you I, do you I, do you I, do you I, do you I,
And gold does that see Bet again out of the street to you I, do you I?
She's got her fat Southern runner Until her rap of the sour to you I, I, I yawn.
My wife you can't grad.
Beach band now joins the梵'schschbel press conference and progress.
Wow, everyone's carefully selected to be here today.
So, they were the toughest questions you got.
Mr. Rubbscale, what's your favorite color sunset?
Can I have a follow-up?
Well, Scully Wobbles.
True.
There's yellows, reds, and golds, and what's your follow-up?
Well, sure.
Do you collect Humbles?
Well, by Willikert, yes, yes I do.
Oh, so wonderful.
I have a question, Mr. Rubbscale, when you wear Bucks or shorts, do you play chicken in the window?
Why?
Honey, Panny, and by gum.
Yes, sometimes I do.
I have a question.
Yes.
When are you going to hell out of here?
Well, good, darling God.
You're going to leave already.
Well, by Diddly do.
Just get out of here already.
We've had enough with you.
We've had enough of this capacity.
We've had enough.
I've got to run into the guy's dog camera's eye.
It's great to have that guy.
I want criminal response.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
Boyd hole fairy came upon something great.
Gave him something good that they all ate.
In a while they removed their pants.
It went on to bear a no-ass chaffin-set hayboy.
Take a ride on a toy side.
They said, oh boy, take the ride on a toy side
and the tranny girl played.
Eating too much soy milk you gave.
You'll be watching board this program as play.
Soy milk you gave here then.
A neo-con republican with a hayboy.
Oh, take a ride on a toy side.
You'll be hanged, you'll be hanged on a toy side
and the tranny girl played.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la la la.
La, la, la, la, la la, la la.
Ok, you, you, you.
Oh, yeah, they don't go in there.
Oh, you hear my stomach.
My bones.
My stomach.
What the hell is wrong with that stomach?
My mouth.
People heading home from work late one night when they saw the fine and the fast food line
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl and the next thing you know they started to
And not go out there some excited to blow in time
Don't help but burning inside that room
It had a smell that's when they started to blow
Not feeling well
It's lost in the curse of the case of the art
It's causing all of this diarrhea
But long of the sick are going to die
They've just got a bad case for the colon
From not going out
Well, it started to blow
It started to blow
Not going out
A burning inside that room
It had a smell
That's when they started to blow
Not feeling well
From the bean butyto
Should have kept the damn salupa
You might not have made that super
Next time you pass the fine say no
Even though it's real
So it's good to go
A lot of people got the sick and wish that they only done
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the bottom
The pain from the cramps they felt deep in their gut
So next time they'll just go to feast the hot
Not going out
That's when they started to blow
From not going out
A burning inside that room
It had a smell
That's when they started to blow
Not feeling well
From the bean butyto
We talk about
We talk about
We talk about
We talk about
We talk about
We talk about
Britney, Sire Crutch
Britney, Sire Crutch
Britney, Sire Crutch
Rhythm of both the other honey pot
Britney, Sire Crutch
Britney, Sire Crutch
Britney, Sire Crutch
And send us all the camo gold you got
Welcome
I really wish you were passed this Christmas
So you don't look like a tramp this Christmas
I hope you're glad wearing pants this Christmas
When your friends get like dots on
Wow
And the good news for you is you got another vote
Oh, I can see that
I mean you got another friend
We got 903 on our my friends' basement
And we are making serious inroads here
What do I tell you about a big comeback this time of year?
You know we go through living hell and then all of a sudden
Come back bounce right back
Guess the only thing to do would be to take that one call right there
Now why didn't you say that?
I don't know
Okay, WQI am, hello
Hi Neil
Yes ma'am
I just wanted to say I wish you happy New Year
And if you're playing this today I was wondering if there's any way you would play Eisner
No problem
Thanks a lot, dear
Never happy
You too, Neil
See you, bye-bye
See that was a good thing and I told you I should take that call tonight
1047 votes on the full edition of History Best Friends
Who should Neil leave in his add to his will?
Who wants that money?
What a bunch of money grabers you know?
God, by any way that's human nature
Somebody wanted to leave a whole bunch of money even if they didn't know me
And I said how about me and they said oh sure, I'd say okay
George 379
A lot of people out there
That's because these people are connected to the radio show
So they think that George and I hang together
And we go out and have dinner and whatever
Like you know
Is that what people think?
Yeah
A lot of people think that he's always said that over the years
People think that we hang out
Listen one of the funniest things my dad ever said to me was
Hey, when Neil comes down what are you guys like me to the restaurant
Go over the show prep and stuff like that
And I laughed so hard that I was holding my side
Right
I mean I thought I would mind seeing you guys
You know I think it's just more fun this way that you know you'll never see me again
It's kinda strange
Right
Anyway George 379
Me 326 meaning
Whoever the money grabers are out there
Or leave me some
Give me a little something something Neil
And of course I'm flicking
No
Oh chance
I hate this poll 107
Look who's got 83
Huh?
83 real or imaginary
I sure hope for real
Israel
Book of Brian 72, Brady Quinn 37
Doesn't need my money or anybody else's
He's gonna make million
Now you will admit that
Oh yeah
Okay
And because of the fact that you're so accommodating to my buddy Brady Quinn
You got another vote you got 20 now
That impressive?
Not really
Nobody's got 18
And Jacob who's gone into deep hiding
I think he's in the witness protection program
I have to ask his attorney Jerry about that
Jacob's got five out of 1047 votes
So anyway that's where we stand on the day before
Well it's not really the day before but it's Christmas weekend right
It's all starting a couple of days ago and all kind of like lumps in together
You know
It's like when you fly over the floor to coast
You're flying south from here for example
And when you get to the point
I don't really what point it starts but like maybe Viral Beach or Fort Pierce
And from that point on it's just like one big strip of connected bedroom time
Yeah
Connected geographically but unconnected in any other way
Just one big long strip of mong
Big fuck to our Friday you bastards
The federal government just warned about those people today
Under withering criticism from both parties
Brown offered no apology
And mostly blame others for the debacle that cost hundreds of dollars
Mike Brown
There's no one left to blame I said Brownie
You're the government shame I said Brownie
The sugar is up in flame there's no one
I know who's more lame George Bush
You better make him shut up before he says
It was you who messed up you can defend him
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time
I was just tired of this book
He's way too dumb to run the F-E-M-A
Some people died when he ran F-E-M-A
Now that everyone knows that your leadership blows
You can go back to your horshows
Today both Republican and Democrats criticized the fact
That Brown is still on the federal payroll
That maybe because as long as he remains an administration official
His testimony must be cleared by the White House
Hey everybody I'm Brown and Brown
Accountable for everybody Brown and Brown
That's a human being
I'm a thinker's appointment but I got a Brown nose
And I know's where to point it
There was no runs to get them saved
They don't vote Republican anyway
I did everything I possibly can
They show my support for the Ku Klux Klan
Oh what a job I had as a rector of FEMA
When I'm much more than a Weasley Schema
And a clueless son of a bitch
It's his kicks Brown knows in the rich
It's his kicks Brown knows in the rich
New Orleans is wiped out and gone
With W said I did one heck of a job
And it short pays off
To be a crowning and another White Pays
The Christian Fony, the National Guard
Is down there now
With orders just to get the press out of town
Everybody go home
There's nothing to see
Everything here is paychecking
Over Hurricane gave us a baby seat
For dear consul and je neary
Like a giant raid public in Swain G
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
I don't believe compassion is what we lack
It serves the right to have less blacks
And you descend as who say it's a national disgrace
They shouldn't have it black
In the first place
This is no time to blame the blame game
Since we know that the hurricanes are caused by gays
Who are not the right gunna all-monger
By Scottie McLellin and Carl Rowe
While we're achieving the American right wing dream
To beg everybody White like me
And an ignorant son of a bitch
Who gets his jobs Brown knows in the rich
Oh how I've been spending my life
You'll be in horses
I'd rather do that than watch floating horses
On the negligent murderer now
And I'll keep going down
And keep my nose brown
On the negligent murderer now
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown
Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Raise that time
You ain't kidding goodbye George you gotta go me oh my oh
You gotta go home cuz what's up bad on the bio
But you sure flew quick when it came to sick carry shallow
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush now say goodbye
George it while people drown you played around a relaxing golf
Well, he was all that cash for I already
So now you're couple of key that's evident
No one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario
You with the one busy having fun and that's no no
You'll investigate and a later date that's real bullshit
You're one's that
Don't you get locked up so it don't continue?
But no one will get flames like with aging flame no hands will roll
And as for this to be a slap on the wrist and no charges file
What a surprise is you're a liar no one gets fired with each new mess
Nobody a new death toll slip into polls that's no problem
Your spin machine will deal with new wool means cuz that's their job
Oh as per usual son of a bush is a foot in your tush
We just don't understand you got blood on your hands, but what no brain
No, I'm a problem. So you made it obvious at least in most of us you have no shame
Oh shame what's that?
And what's with that smirk you stupid jerk when people have died old?
Son of a bitch you should be in peach then we mean pronto
Do us all a favor and get the
How you're here? Huh?
Yeah, I guess
All right
Don't don't don't don't
Don't like
All the heartburn
Don't don't don't
Every time I see
That's the party in which
My TV
He's president of
Rapal forget muscle in and in our
Tickle and hide it
I don't know why they want to
Want to see
I have a knowledge
He's the first person to beg for years
With president of
The
All the heartburn
Don't don't
Oh what I can do
The most ones fall
And get the
We all voted for
All right
Yeah, you want this
Don't don't don't
Bitch drumming stupid
Don't don't don't
Mind this drunk and rich kid
Don't don't don't
He's even
Lumber than me
He's president of
Rapal forget
Yeah, don't care what it took
You got a man by hooker
And pull up the Christian
I know what's best for you
And I have a health of fear
We've got a great leader here
With president of
The
All
President of
President of
The
President of
All
President of
All right, sir
Mr. Mouse
What the hell are you doing the name?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me!
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square
We're not in street.
And on.
Remus!
Remus!
Put it off the vacuum!
Quit it, Remus!
Get that blue bird out of here!
Okay, boss.
Eisner, put it down.
Look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
42nd Street is incredible.
I don't know what, publicly, I support it that.
But you took all the porn away!
You're killing me!
I'm going through a gabbos con like Peds!
We're just scouting areas calm, dad.
Listen to me, butt munch.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Lowenstead.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network!
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way.
Hang on a minute.
Remus!
Yes, got blue bird crap all over your shell, Lurk!
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake!
And turn off the module, cleaner!
Okay, boss.
Good God!
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie!
They're 60 years old!
Why don't you just put Steamboat really on and be done with it?
Please, now I'd make a couple of damn dollars!
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Lowenstead, now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
I know, signs!
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign!
You got a sex way in some of these titles, cast me!
Please.
Remus!
Remus!
Here you go!
I know you can't hear me, Remus!
Yes, sir!
I'm a backup player!
Here's a number!
I'm running the engine!
Get out of here, Remus!
Take that blue-white winder!
Oh, all right.
Pyser!
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done!
Sir!
I'm a hamster!
I'm in your job!
You're terrible!
I'm sorry!
Baby, I put Remus in there!
I don't like to be present in a dizzy Remus!
Oh, man!
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here, you nutbag!
Okay, look at that.
We got a 1086 vote, and you're starting to make a little progress.
Oh, really?
No, yeah, you almost caught up to nobody.
In addition to his three best friends, who should Neil and to his will?
George 393.
Me?
135, meaning them.
Me, me, me, me, me.
What's the name for me?
And by the way, don't anybody keep coming on my space?
They're asking for money.
I actually had one.
That doesn't surprise you.
No, not at all.
I'm not giving no money to nobody.
Huh?
But I don't know.
I hate this pull 109.
Now to 10%.
Oh, we're making progress there, too.
Look who's got any four votes.
Huh?
Look around 73, Brady Quinn 39.
Nobody 25.
George Cortus 23.
You're moving up, uh, yo.
Slowly.
Slowly and unshurly, I would say.
And Jacob still suckin' win their last place.
Solomon Tessinco.
The biggest name.
So, Maslow's team played.
Only 5 to 9.
George, radio 560.
You A.M.
Graham, I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Hey, Perot.
By the way, son.
I've been given it some story.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better.
Go with 6 to 10 and not at 5.
A Gentile in the cranky, too.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You gotta have your weary bed.
Strap on to time.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
And I'd rather die with the graphics together.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm a big, maven Jew.
From Brooklyn Heights.
I've been raised by everybody but Jews.
You're not high, high.
Me and Maul, this is that with love.
The way that is we had a fight.
That you'd survive.
Who'd wanna hear a Gentile?
And push it tight.
That's crappy, that's kinda...
George, George, George, George!
George, George, George, George!
George, George, George, George!
George, George, George, George!
George, George, George!
I'm sure what you and me, for me, is much better
6 to 10 and not at 5.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
We can beada...
Yeah.
What, what, what?
We can beada...
We can beada...
material
waaaaaaallyddd
I'm on my arm like a random alley napalaka what?
I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hauls.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are bad you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing shaved to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping him.
I could go to his urgent but that gives me the shivers.
I wouldn't want to walk out looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I get him a paper now he can't afford to eat.
The reason I dismissed that stink and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up.
And he can't play connoisseur.
Hey somebody talk over there, nobody talk when I rap.
I rap then you talk.
Like look at me I'm hit, hit, I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy man, I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want, I don't care.
Especially if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I get tired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cartel placing bets on the jets.
In paradise.
Paradise, I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
Go go go go go.
I'll be shoving out the screwkins when I get the chance.
If the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants,
I won't visit take.
Get the car complete.
It was just a little thought.
So what I left this day, I think that's funny when I'm not gonna sell it's funny.
I can do what I want because the management loves me.
Can I get something more?
Something you ought to know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight towel, now I have straight towel.
I don't take no for an answer.
Get out of here.
But it's not you.
Get me out of here.
Get out bitch.
Get the door door.
Get the door door.
Get the door door.
Get the door door.
Get the door door.
Get the door door.
All right.
Don't bow guard and join my friend.
Has anyone of me?
Absolutely.
Don't bow guard and join my friend.
Has anyone of me?
Roll the other stuffy one.
Just like the other one.
This is the same as the other five before it.
And I need another here.
Don't bow guard and join my friend.
Has it all around?
Don't bow guard and join my friend.
Has anyone of me?
Roll the other stuffy one.
Just like the other one.
This is the same about spending.
And I don't have another sense.
Don't bow guard and join my friend.
Has it all around?
Don't bow guard and join my friend.
Has it all around?
Don't bow guard and join my friend.
Has it all around?
I don't know what I've done now.
I've been waiting all night.
I don't know what I've done now.
Stop breaking my balls.
We drove in the dust.
Come on stop breaking my balls.
That's a hunt in the road.
I let one speak out.
I see the blue clouds.
I lifted my leg.
It smells like a name.
I only close my eyes.
Try to hold in your fire.
I'll try but that's kind of hard.
Don't bow breaking my balls.
And don't buy those popcorns.
Don't bow breaking them.
Don't bow breaking them.
Don't bow breaking them.
Don't bow.
Don't bow breaking them.
Well we were out on our first date.
After eating at a Mexican cafe.
Now we were driving in my car.
I let one go.
That almost blew us both away.
I had to see two cut-de-cheese.
Then she turned around.
To look at the exact girl's own part.
Girl's own part.
Because I've had to meet a girl's own part.
But I did.
The older her, the aint in through my clothes and in my hair.
And so I hold the windows down.
So I look at some air.
It's felt like something died in there.
Girl's own part.
Girl's own part.
She gets a telly that girl's own part.
But I do.
I heard another deadly swear.
Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back.
Because I'm at her time.
Before another attack.
So I have to do is okay.
That she looks at me.
And I'll just have to say,
But girl's own part.
Girl's own part.
Because I've had to meet a girl's own part.
But I do.
Girl's own part.
Girl's own part.
Girl's own part.
Because I've had to meet a girl's own part.
But I do.
But I do.
Girl's own part.
Okay.
A lot of flancelins in here for all of us.
But then looks to be expected.
Right?
Love and 56.
Four minutes to load a QM.
We got the Guilty.
And who does in Pember Pines?
And then the Humper and the Beast.
And then the last 80 K show.
10 o'clock tonight.
All the best Eddie.
You're a hell of a guy.
We all love you and wish you the best.
Don't we?
Yes we do.
Yes.
What's not to like?
Love and 07 on the pool.
And in addition to his three best friends,
Who should kneel and to his will.
George 397.
I'll put a little something in the box.
I'm in the envelope.
Me 343.
Meaning some strangers out there.
Well, good luck to you.
I hate this pool 10 down to 9.9%.
Well, that's good.
Look who's got 85 votes.
Already.
Real or imaginary?
Real or Memorax?
Bokobrine 74.
Chicken neck.
Radio Quinn 40.
Nobody 28.
Nobody's still got you beat out.
Although you're making a little progress.
Not a lot.
Josh Cordis 25.
I'm praying over here.
I'm praying over here.
He's only got five.
Which is probably the other five guys with the same name he's got.
The biggest name.
So best talent.
The best is wheel Rogers.
4th radio 560.
You A.M.
What's the greatest quid?
Whatever I shake my balls.
I listen to the wheel Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Music.
It's got had a bomb.
And took a hit then Woody.
Yuck like Cheach and Chong.
And get the munchies and make round.
He's filled with hats.
And Woody's sharing with Jesus and the Saints.
The highest finest.
And yeah.
Yeah.
Hard is grace.
And yeah.
Yeah.
Hard is good.
And yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What have got no cannabis?
Smoking fast like one of us.
Gives high on the back of the box.
Just in and roses.
Gives them so.
On a grey hand bus to roll.
To get some bad luck in homegrown.
A couple gone back to take home.
Rolls up a five-mile neon is strong.
No fun in heaven is your stone.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Oh, it's a presidential run. It might be fun.
Are you gonna give a nut try Obama? Oh, you think the voters run? Are you the one?
Will we open up black skies Obama? Never set the rock. He's on top.
It may be his time, but his name sounds like he's an arugula.
I'm high, I'm high, I'm high, I'm high, I'm high, I'm high.
But Boporah's Obama. Boporah's Obama. Boporah's Obama. Boporah's Obama. Boporah's Obama. Boporah's Obama.
He's like a brother. He's like a brother. He's like a brother. He's like a brother. He's like a brother.
Officer Ferman. Driving through Brentwood at night with a glove in his bag.
His evidence bag. Waits at the Bronco.
Opens the window to leave a few drops on the floor.
A smudge on the door. Officer Mark Ferman.
Well did that blood come from? Officer Mark Ferman. He dropped the bloody glove.
Simpson and Kato. Back from a bagger in fries and rest to rot near.
A noise in the rear. Oh, James nothing. Dropping his socks near the bed. But there's somebody there.
Clanting some hair. Officer Mark Ferman. Well did that blood come from? Officer Mark Ferman. He dropped the bloody glove.
The Pops don't stop. The Pops don't stop. God, they've been impressed. The Pops don't stop. He lets his fucking mess. The Pops don't stop. He's a kid. He lets the Pops don't stop. The Pops don't stop.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Guy I'm not feeling anything I have to act. Once in one get down on red. Jesus, break down back. Jesus Christ is super. He never shall choke.
Once in one get down on red. Please don't choke, shit, choke. The Pops don't stop. God give him the grass. The Pops don't stop. He lets his fucking mess.
The Pops don't stop. He's a grubby hater. The Pops don't stop. The Pops don't stop. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Guy I'm not talking to you, mine up there. He'll do it, but just tell her what's that.
Chill for Patrick, take your pill. Nice, he's got it. Johnson. Taken, go for that eight choke. I'm for it. Prove it, Pope.
I'm fussing, choking, beating, choke, I'm not a wanna smoke. The Pops don't stop. God give him the grass. The Pops don't stop. He likes his fucking mess. The Pops don't stop. He's a grubby hater. The Pops don't stop.
The Pops don't stop. oh yeah. oh yeah. the Pops are getting higher. The Pops are getting higher. The Pops are getting higher. the Pops are getting higher. The Pops found stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops find stoned. God give him the grass. The Pops found stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops found stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops found stoned. God.)ピ footprint the grass. The Pops find stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops find stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops find stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops find stoned. The Pops find stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops find stoned. God keep him the grass. The Pops find stoned. God keepem the grass.
The folks don't, the next is so good ass.
And now here's Tinney Dean, founder of Tinney Dean Fork Sausage, with a few words about new Tinney Dean Bagel Sammages.
Hello, I'm Tinney Dean. You know, if someone had told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels, I'd have said, huh? That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels.
Well, the Bagel Greece is slab of Tinney Dean Fork Sausage on it. New Tinney Dean, non-coachier bagel sandwiches. If you're Jewish, you can buy them. You just can't eat them.
New Tinney Dean Bagel sandwiches. There's a little bit of big it in everybody.
I think the song's on to much this time of year. It's played more times than Grandma Gabblin' over by her auntie.
And when you feel like the only kid in town is tired of this song.
Here's a list of people worth it up. It is rather long.
And a furlough pest and a fancoliote.
Quakely chains and stations wind and songs on the radio.
Guess who wins and listening. And probably never will be.
Rapper school, Bucky Dog, Basie and Pup Daddy.
Gart Brooks is a bit Travis Trader too.
Even Bruce Springsteen won't sing along it's true.
They don't think it's funny. In fact, it's Lame as Hell.
They rather listen to the stuff who are barking jingle bells.
Not fun.
The song is on the radio.
The song is on the radio.
The song is on the radio.
Okay, love you pass note at 5.60.
I'm enjoying this today. You think I'm just sitting here playing Vitz?
Me too, man. I'm picking my feet up on the desk.
No, I'm saying I've got all I've worked on to do.
It's a damn good thing. It's one of the busiest days of the year.
It's holidays and all that stuff.
Because the MySpace thing, I hope I don't make this into a regular thing.
Because it's created a lot of work for me.
I could just ignore all the email on there and stuff.
And new friends.
I don't want to do that.
Fun. It's fun for a while.
There's probably a certain amount of burnout.
You get tired of it.
Will I?
Yes.
904 friends on our MySpace page, man, we are about as hip as a cardboard box.
125 votes on a pool. You're making not much progress.
You're not going anywhere.
You're not doing nothing. Nobody is pulling away from you.
An addition with three best friends who should kneel and to his will.
George 403. Me, 345, meaning whatever selfish idiot cast that vote. Me.
I hit this pool 113 back up to an even 10%.
Ha has got 85.
Volker Brian 76, Brady Quinn 40.
Nobody 33.
George quarters. You're still stuck there on 25.
And Jacob Soltanto, Cinque.
Cinque, Guatemala and Cinque votes.
How do you say votes in the Italian?
I don't have any other vote.
Oh, give that passports.
The biggest name.
Best talent. The fastest.
The watch.
420560.
You A.M.
Dumb as dirt.
Kid rocks.
And with his upcoming divorce, kids singing all of your favorite holiday classics as only Kid Rock and Deliver.
Presenting.
Kid ties one all on for Christmas.
You'll hear Kid Rock sing.
Oh, holy.
Beats got rolled by a ring.
Richie, the red nose pink.
Please come home for food and Christmas.
Heart the divorce lawyer sing.
Reaper Man is coming to town.
Guide rest he hepatitis docs.
You're a mean one.
Mrs. Bitch and last Christmas with George Michael.
Kid ties one on for Christmas.
Available at Barnes and Noble and Cochrane and KidNeedStheBoney.com.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
Oh my God.
I got a sweater from my grand mom.
It was pink and black.
I don't worry be a heartbeat.
Was printed on the back.
He wrote on it.
Return to Santa.
Just send me cash.
Your tanky sweater.
Okay, meet a rash.
I got a fruitcake and some plaid pants.
Their clip is for my nose.
A null bottle of old spice.
Boy, did I get a hose?
He wrote upon it.
Return to Santa.
Oh, who needs this junk?
For this is Christmas.
For real is stone.
We wrote upon it.
Return to Santa.
Don't need to be rude.
But this Christmas, I got scrooched.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
Oh, lucky.
Lucky for much.
This is the king.
I don't have him in Iran for a while.
But I want you all to know that up here in Rock and Roll, heaven.
I'll be thinking of you, this Christmas.
And I have to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, how about a little piece of that time I go and buy?
Like, I go, what?
Like a whole family.
Christmas is a time of joy.
A time of 11.
And I share with love of takes life that's each of you out there.
Okay, what's with life?
No more worry about that.
Oh yeah, Christmas.
Now Christmas to me means family.
Family means friends.
The friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
I'll pass you that time and say, which place?
I'll play this.
I just want to say to you right now, you know, I may be a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
A helping hand.
Or would you hand me a helping over the knife that's over there?
Which, please?
Like it.
Like it.
Now I was telling them, ain't nobody so big.
You can't stoop to help a friend of me to eat over the holidays season.
I was speaking of season.
You want to pass me that salt sugar when you get the chance?
Like it.
Yeah, just just on screw the color.
That's right.
Like it.
I don't know.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.
And I'll leave those steak tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know God made man unto his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I'd have to say God must be a big, big son of a gun.
You know what I mean?
I like it here.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
You know all the whom is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree?
Save a big, big bowl for the can.
Extra butter, you know what I mean?
I like it here.
I can't.
I can't remember.
Just in time for Christmas, helpin' John's biggest hits on one CD, including your song.
It's a little bit funny, this feeling inside.
Don't let my lunch come out of me.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
You're not.
That's why they call it the flu.
I can't not find a cause.
Yeah!
Get you worse now.
Rosie, you're down home.
Can't believe she's gay.
A big, bad, a bad, a bully when he ain't.
Rosie, you're down home.
It must be your room.
For all of these years, you claim to love my own crew.
Certainly you must realize we knew it.
Honestly, it's not that big a shock.
If you and Ricky might win, we're gonna do it.
It'd be a crack for both of you.
Rosie, you're down, hold them.
Give'em all the lives.
Now I hope they've been related, Mississippi like a guy.
That's what I do with the bowl and the basket.
That's what I do with the bowl and the basket.
That's what I do with the bowl and the basket.
That's what I be do, that's what he be do.
He put the bowl and the basket.
That's what he do with the bowl and the basket.
That's what he do.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he'd be do.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I'd be do.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's just what he does.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I'd be do.
Yeah, how about what he do?
He puts the bowl in the basket.
The situation is put the bowl in the basket.
He puts the bowl in the basket for organization.
That's my take on our what he do.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I'd be do.
Now I have someone here,
put the ball in the basket. What do you do? You put a ball in the basket. The wing is 110% to put the ball in the basket. That's what he'd be do.
Have what a do you put the ball in the basket? That way of doing it. Put the ball in the basket. That way of doing it.
This is Debbie. Hi Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. And I was wondering if you did some tummy talk.
And lip augmentation cosmetic compresses are really face tip for all of these things.
And I was wondering... What was your start with?
Well I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though?
It can't be done. But I don't know if they would do it right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket. How much?
5,000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too. Laser surgery. Have the lambs stop crying yet?
Mommy. Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well we'll have to see you first. And then if I'm looking at you we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy.
If you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
What would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay. There is a hundred dollar consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay. Let me get a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit nipple like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay. I will talk to you in the time.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
So what was it we were trying to say?
Part of these things.
I see.
26 past no to QAM.
It's our annual...
I guess it's annual.
I guess I do it every year.
Who the hell knows when you're an old fart like me?
Who remembers, right?
Right.
I'll tell you one thing.
We got 906 friends at my space.
Pretty impressive.
Even then I don't even know what that means.
But it seems like an awful lot.
You would never would have believed that if I would have told you that in the beginning.
Either would I.
I didn't know what kind of a number to come up with.
Well, I know what kind of a number to come up with.
But that's a different story.
And a different kind of number.
Anyway, moving right along.
In addition to his three best friends, who should kneel and to his will?
1146 votes.
George 409.
George is kicking big smelly ass here.
And of course he's on vacation this week.
And well deserved.
Everybody, well not everybody.
We got some people out there.
Heed George like poison.
That's because it's out Florida.
Me, I want your money.
349.
I want some of my money.
No way.
I hate this poll.
10% 115.
Look who's got 87 votes.
Real or imaginary.
I guess I'm sure I'll never know.
Vokabrine 79, Brady Quinn 41.
Nobody's got you be-
You just got a little action there.
Not too much.
Nobody 35, Jessica, or just 26.
That's where you should just, you know, that's where you should leave me.
Just a little action.
26 bucks and Jacob has got still only five.
The biggest name.
The best talent to this is...
You're a hodest.
For sure, you'll 560.
You A.M.
By the you bastard.
I'm a
Remember when nobody knew my name.
But now I can only stand.
I just say, I can make a hear-
I'm going home.
Taking no chance at all.
All I do is scream like I'm in sun.
Don't let someone go down the same.
Absolutely.
I can't believe that you won't say it.
My agent told me not to change.
Oh, thing.
Don't let that keep on yelling.
You're not the only one to say.
The best one.
My name is Ohio.
It makes the door so new.
Don't let that lock the same.
Huh?
I can't believe that you won't say.
I can't believe that you won't say.
I can't believe that you won't say.
I can't believe that you won't say.
My name is Barry.
Sing like a fairy.
I write bad songs about romance.
While I'm wearing a Spanish hat, I'm kind of strippy.
My songs are vintage.
I had a series of big hits.
That was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hear.
They only laugh and scare.
They want to mute.
They own my albums.
For my songs are queer.
Got a nose shake like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shake like a banana.
Up my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
I know the name of the song.
I've got a hard gun, the size of the young person.
When I get a slow-pump nose, I need to risk their hair.
I'm a little bit tired of the song.
I'm a little tired of the song.
I write the song.
I go for never.
I go for never.
I go for never.
I go for never.
Now you are older.
You still have your hair.
And your arched eyebrows.
I heard you was splitting up with Heather your wife.
It's another day in the light.
Last year your age was 63.
Time to add one more.
Let's have a party for Pomokartney.
Now we're 64.
We're all over too.
I'd like to say these words.
Happy but they do you.
You and the Beatles once were big news.
John and George are gone.
George had cancer. John got shot. They didn't survive.
Good old ringo. He's the light.
I want you one plus.
It holding some weed.
In Japan on tour.
Your wife doesn't need you.
The lawyers will bleed you.
And you're 64.
I'm dying of hair.
Keeping with the high standards of broadcast journalism.
In the tradition of Edward Armero, see it now.
560 WQAM, recents.
Now see here with Mohawi David.
I'm just Mohawi David.
Now see here.
And if I had so choose to stay,
I will change the face of whatever that is to.
Now see here who did more for radio.
Neil Rogers or Hoeyboss Garandasin.
Ah!
I say Hoeyboss Garandasin.
That's who.
But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radio.
And at Pitchmokka he ate no mayor.
Why Hoeyboss Garandasin saying nice song.
Oh, he had a few.
Listen here.
Are you guys all right?
Yeah, you're right.
You're not in a name.
Why sure?
That hair that's Neil singing in the disperaging songs about the...
...and then a facadonna, he writes in the Neil sings them.
Now you know he's queer.
But real men don't sing.
And another thing, Hoeyboss Garandasin,
was a lot better than Neil too.
That hair's what made him that distance.
On the next installment of...
Now see here who made a better cup of coffee.
Mrs. Olson or Jackie E. Robinson.
Yeah, man.
Now see me here next time for Moindigments.
Now see here.
That's fair over here.
Over here.
21 till 115, 60 WDQM.
We got Gelly at the...
...2 dozen pepper pines at 2.
Then we got three hours of the Humper,
beasted seven o'clock tonight,
and then the last of the case show.
Now we got all sorts of food over here.
Oh, for me!
You're what?
We got all sorts of food over here.
From whom we want to go.
We call it ponies, you know,
because we wanted to do that.
Right, you know, we got some crispy cookies.
And spaghetti and meatballs.
But then to salvos also brought in food for 40 people
in the conference room.
Now instead of eating for three people,
I can eat for eight.
Right, and of course,
with all these comedy bits I'm playing,
we won't even know when you've been running out of the room real quick.
So every night, no one,
at least expect it.
I'll say, how's it going, guys?
Love 150 seven votes.
You make them a little progress now.
Not like, you know,
slow but sure gets the job done or whatever.
An addition with three best friends.
Who should need it even as well?
Add to his will,
and leave a few bucks to George 412,
me, 352.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No chance.
I hate this pool, 150, 9.9%.
88 votes for my close personal buddy, huh?
Boca Brian 81, Brady Quinn 41.
Nobody 36.
Josh Cortes, you're up to 27.
And Jacob is still slummeted down there with only five.
He's, I'm sure, on a way out of time.
By the you best, you right.
Silent Park, deadly park.
He can tear your nose apart.
You can't even put you in town.
Someone did it by that awful smell.
What the hell did you eat?
It smells just like rock meat.
Silent Park, deadly park.
I cut one and came out.
I watched a woman's head swivel around.
She was wearing a terrible crown.
I walked right out of that place with a big smile on my face.
Silent Park, deadly park.
Do we kiddin' is white and arduous?
Black one go, but don't look back.
At the victims of your death of death.
If you're in church when you do,
you'll have to stay in your view.
In your memory, by the ad bit, I've said it to some day I wanna know who cut the cheese.
This holiday season, the spirit of peace on earth,
and goodwill towards men, is alive.
The sci-fi channel proudly presents,
a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack is a whack.
Live from a burnt out dilapidated storefront in the alley behind Freeland Highs in Avenue in Newark, New Jersey.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack is a whack.
With special guests, the Asmien Bliefs.
Life Garrett, Nick Nulti, and Mary and Barry.
Towards the night before equipment, I be parked in my car,
Snowden, some coke, and drinking gin from the jaw.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas,
with a surprise appearance by the Newark Undercover Narcotics Division,
and Whitney's bipolar husband, Bobby Brown.
Bits!
Crack is cheap.
Brought to you without commercial interruption by Jamal and Tahim,
who supplied the Macarter High Way Hood.
Crack is a whack.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Whitney's back!
Ho ho ho!
Ho ho!
Ho ho!
Where's Roodle?
Why can't find Roodle?
Ho ho ho!
Shabbat, man boy!
Ho ho ho!
Ho ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Ho ho ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Ho ho ho ho!
Hey, what's that all over the place?
It's well-serbly in the air!
I don't know!
It's a fat dog!
Oh no!
Hey, Bia!
Oh no!
The reindeer goes out!
And they got diarrhea!
The reindeer!
Ho ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Ho ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Ho ho ho ho!
Ho ho ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Ho ho ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Hey, what's that all over the place?
It's a bird!
Bia!
Is it a plane?
No!
It's a reindeer!
Bia!
Bia!
And they still got diarrhea!
Go Jammal!
Go Jammal!
Ho ho ho!
Ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Ho ho ho ho!
Who left the Radee around?
Who left the Radee around?
Ho ho ho ho!
Ho ho ho ho!
Oh, excuse me.
Hi, can I help you?
Hi, yeah, I just bought these and I'd like to have them gift wrapped.
Do you have Christmas wrapping?
Sure.
Two hours over near the Christmas tree.
Two, two hours, thank you very much.
Pardon me, is this Christmas wrapping?
That's right, fool. Check it out.
Happy holiday, y'all. We hope it's married.
Cause you're gonna be both-concentrived.
I'll take a thought, I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping.
Go ahead and jump and wrap your own.
It ain't so easy when you're doing at home.
Cause we got the wrap.
We got the ribbons and you know we love money.
Mother's wrapping gimmies.
We got the wrap.
Thank you.
We got the wrap.
That special time of year is here again.
And so is Simphar, master of the slide whistle.
And here's his finest album ever, The Haldes Assing Winning.
Yes, left of warmth of The Haldes Assing Winning,
brighten your season this year with Simphar.
Feet the most popular slide whistle in all of Borneo.
The master will amaze and inspire you with his touching solo rendition of
the song, I'm not.
Yes, you wish every night was a silent night when you hear the holiday's passing wind.
Here's Haldes Order.
Tomorrow, you're Gabby in Time for the Holidays and 995-9995 for albums or 499-9599 for 8 track days.
I've got 1900 through gay. That's 1900 through gay calm out.
She was second best and it hurt her so, uh-oh-oh.
Nancy Carrigan, the bitch was going to win again, Tom Yablock's revenge.
Hires out a henchman, and oh-oh-oh.
As Nancy K was leaving her ring, she snuck up from behind.
Bang, bang, Tom, you're still the hammer came down upon her knees.
Bang, bang, Tom, you're still the hammer made sure of victory.
A limp big metal round, Tom, you hear the knock and crowd pull for every move.
She can find her groove, she's off balance, oh-oh-oh.
She foregoes a plan, makes a way into the stand murder on her mind.
She has never minded a challenge, oh-oh-oh.
The crowd they make a break for the door, but it's too late to run.
Bang, bang, Tom, you're still the hammer just smashing in their heads.
She would not leave little hammer till every one's dead.
2048, Tom is at the pearly gate, Saint Pete checks his book.
He gives her a look and he tells her, now, oh-oh-oh.
She claims she's innocent, laces up and throws a 50-tonny tease on the line.
This guy's out of line, and he's got to go, oh-oh-oh.
As Saint Pete was turning a page, Tom yet took her hand.
Bang, bang, Tom, you're still the hammer, rang Saint Pete is there, but Skate's got you no saints in heaven and she went straight to hell.
Oh, right.
There's everything so anyway, here's a little breaking news, hey, ready on the day before Christmas weekend.
Great charges have been dropped in the high profile case against those three accused duke lacrosse players going to watch story.
Prosecutors are not dropping charges of kidnapping and sexual offense at this time.
It's breaking news over to come.
There's motor come.
He said, with a modicum of something, a modicum.
So how's the chow?
Oh, I demolished it already.
We're just going nuts over there.
I got more food.
We got the coffee, we got the female Chinese army.
1169 votes.
We got 906 friends on my space.
We not only got to 900, but we just smashed it.
We demolished it.
We crashed it.
And we got 1169 in the pool.
Our goal is 1200.
Is not a nice modest, reasonable number on the 22nd of December.
Okay.
Yeah, let's, yeah, let's not get go crazy.
Okay, it's been just fine.
In addition to three best friends who should kneel a leave, Edwis will George 414.
Me money grabbing listener 359.
Oh, chance.
I hate this pool.
116 9.9%.
88 votes for my, uh, good buddy.
Huh?
Book of Brian 81, Brady Quinn 41, nobody 37.
Josh Curtis up to 28.
And Jacob is still down to in last place.
He can see him all.
He's only got five.
We only got one hour to go and then we got to Gildi.
He's been come on.
How come Gildi gets to a lucky break working on this day?
Wow, you know, it's one of those, one of those things.
One of those blessings of the holiday season.
The biggest name.
So best talent.
The fastest meal, Rogers.
Fort radio 560.
You AM.
Big Quinn, I like to shave my legs, arms and buns,
while listening to the Neil Rogers 1 or 2 out.
Let them.
La la la la la la la la.
Oh, I'm great now.
I want some print,
you ain't seen.
Go head, play like Brady, with me.
Here.
La la la la la la la la la.
Huh?
He's a football player too.
A solid wall of meat.
We kinda got that I wanna do, that's what he built to eat.
I want to hear it, I'm gonna wanna date, but there's no chance at all.
So does that make me a sports queen if I wanna see him grab the ball?
Absolutely.
He'll say wow, look at that kid, he'll ain't seen on that boy like a lady, wait.
I gotta hide every screen that helps me see his balls.
I can do a lot of wanna, but I ain't gonna never get done.
No need to date up a business school, okay, that's not so great.
But I'm just a little bit mad at me, at least until he's 28.
I'm ready now, I want some wings, you ain't seen no man quite like gravy queen.
You're the easy wow, look at that kid, you ain't seen no man quite like gravy queen.
Alright, you saw the bit on Saturday Night Live that compared how Tom Brady picked up women to have some regular, office-smoke picks up women.
It was slightly funny, but not as good as the bit they didn't have the balls to do, comparing how Tom Brady picks up women to how Michael Vic picks up women.
Starting with Tom's introduction.
I'm top-ratein then moving into his routine.
Hey Lisa, you look pretty hot today, maybe we should have lunch sometime.
Oh, well great.
How about tomorrow?
Okay.
Great, see that?
Now let's hear Michael Vic's introduction.
Hey, I'm Michael Vic, I mean, I mean, I'm Ron Mexico.
Yeah, that's it.
And he's Rootie.
Hey, Lisa, you look pretty hot today.
Maybe you and I should go to lunch sometime, you know, you and me, Ron Mexico.
Oh, well great.
How about tomorrow?
Okay.
Great, Ella.
See you then, but hey, Lisa, one question.
He doesn't matter so much of my genitals often times becoming fling with some open sores due to something that people like to call herpes.
Does it?
Lisa, come back.
Lisa?
That's why I don't tell nobody that.
And that is why Tom Brady gets more women than Michael, Ron Mexico, Vic.
One's in a generation.
A movie comes on that changes the way we look and think about film.
Broke Back Mountain is that film.
Here's what people in New York City are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
Broke Back Mountain, I love that movie.
It's one of my favorites.
Literally, I cried the entire time.
And he pledged his performance.
It was amazing.
I love that movie.
Here's what people in Arkansas are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
I mean, you see that flick?
I mean, I don't know.
I thought too bad I could hide the two guys and then the two guys.
Unfortunately, his head just exploded.
Here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
Oh my god, it breaks my heart.
Just...
Beautiful.
I'm sorry.
I mean, really?
How should he ask for anything more?
Just go ahead.
Fabulous, fantastic.
Here's what people in Utah are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
I thought I was going to see a cowboy movie and then over some...
In a pub cat, they just went...
Unfortunately, his head just exploded.
This winter, one movie is breaking box office records and connecting with the heart and soul of America.
Broke Back Mountain has won virtually every major critics' group award for best picture.
Here's what people in San Francisco are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
It's magic.
Pure and simple magic.
It felt this movie in my soul in my heart.
Here's what people in Alabama are saying about Broke Back Mountain.
My god, there's a couple of gay guys in it.
Unfortunately, his head just exploded.
Broke Back Mountain.
Not for everyone, especially if you live in a square state.
We're coming to an off-trump for a good.
I'm not saying just my name is some kind of clue.
If you want to be a kid, get all the tape.
You better find a penis to stay as a way to life.
Broke Back Mountain.
You got the kids around.
Broke Back Mountain.
Broke Back Mountain.
The books are in your mouth.
Tears in your head and it's wild of legs.
Wild bit on the curtains, now you give them your dance.
No, it's your flow.
You can feel it all right.
Try not to feel the weight you've had a stop later.
Broke Back Mountain.
Sometimes you feel it wrong.
Broke Back Mountain.
You better get your flow.
I said I, I, I, I, you.
They're all good.
They're all good.
I said I, I, I, you.
They're not from the bottom of the floor.
I said I, I, I, you.
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny, to those who have it, it's no laughing matter.
It's called frequent burping syndrome.
It's terrible.
I'll, I'll be on a date or a business meeting and, and, and, excuse me.
See, see what happens?
Frequent burping syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trains, specialists, sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as burp-inders.
Gosh, burp-inders saved my life.
Joanne and I were in love.
I really wanted to ask her to marry me, but I just knew that when the moment of truth came,
I'd let out with a big ripper.
You know, burp-inders.
No shame, no guilt, no more tummy rumbling smelly belches, no more stopping and mid-sentence
to uncorporca-big cheesy blaster.
Just caring professionals and the help you need.
Don't wait.
Here's the number to call.
Five five five two eight seven seven.
It's five five five.
Burp-inders.
Call today and stop being so gross.
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments?
Tribal sovereignty means that.
It's sovereign.
You're a...
You've been given sovereignty and your...
Dude is a sovereign entity.
Okay.
And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between...
sovereign entity.
You're a...
You're a...
You suck me.
My short...
And yet...
There's two things I know for you.
Daddy, you're a loser.
She was sent here from heaven,
and she's dead as little girl.
I went back home in my pants.
My God, for all of it,
I'm trying my...
I think mommy cheeps on you.
But most of all,
for part of life is this,
after bedtime prayer,
she can little white clouds all be burning.
Hi, it's a male man, Oece here.
Oh, it's all that I've done wrong.
I must have done something wrong.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
To deserve a whole good morning,
and butterfly kisses at night.
Daddy, you smell like beer.
Sweet 16 today.
I'm dropping out of high school.
She's looking like a mom,
a little more everyday.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
One part one,
the other part girl.
I don't know who the father is.
I'm asked to turn tricks for cash.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a dose for the bride and groom?
She'll change her name today.
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
She'll make a promise,
and I'll give her away.
Dad, that's my ass.
Standing in the brideroom,
just staring at her.
I think I have sickle.
I asked me what I'm thinking,
and I said I'm not sure.
I've got a letter,
I'll always remember.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
And butterfly kisses.
Dad, I asked news.
I'm a lesbian.
Well, I'll be danged, huh?
Oh, it's 12 minutes after 1, 11, whatever the hell it is.
And it's that Christmas show is what it is.
Now what it is?
Christmas show?
Guys over there are eating.
I'm sitting here reading my space.
All this crap that's coming in.
Although not heavy duty there,
because luckily for me it's a...
You know, after the first of the year,
this could be quite a burden, you know what?
It could be.
Parental U.K.,
you're going to be flying off the show anyway.
Maybe I could use an assistant to help me with my my space page.
You never know.
1198 votes.
Oh, this is exciting.
Maybe during this break,
we're going to get to 1200.
I doubt it though.
Because they're just trickling in, you know what I mean?
And don't...
I mean, aren't a lot of people...
Well, certainly the airports have been like mobbed.
I mean, people are already gone, right?
Another, a lot of people around.
It's for name, sure.
Slim and grim.
1198, in addition to his three best friends,
who should kneel and to his will.
George 429, me, 367.
367 money grabbers out there that want some of my cash.
No way Jose.
Send me a picture.
I hate this poll.
117, 9.7%.
What's going down?
Maybe they're getting a holiday spirit.
What do you think?
No.
Huh, has got 89.
Huh?
Malker Brian 83, Brady Quinn 41.
Nobody's got 39.
Sure got you beat.
Nobody's got Josh beat except everybody else.
And you got 28.
George 428.
And Jacob is still way, way in the rear with only five.
The biggest name.
So best challenge.
This is Neil Rogers.
428, 560.
You A.M.
Club board, 10 film, then, where all the girls disrobed.
There's one thing keeps me going back the lack of their wardrobe.
Maybe one will come home with me.
Oh, that is what I hope.
Oh, I really like the one named Joy.
A stripper named Joy.
Oh, I really like some Christmas joy.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'm one of the, one of the talk you about.
The biggest about orange and boats that you talked about earlier.
About what?
Biggest cars and boats.
Now, we're talking about bridges over the, uh, causeway, not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Tondown.
Take a deep breath.
Those are regulated by the United Coral of Engineers.
You got the gym.
No.
Well, it is.
All bridges over navigable waterway.
If I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking, see.
But, uh, I said if I knew the answer to the question, I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay.
Well, I'm saying, sir, is that the United States Coral of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways.
Over what?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridge should not be over.
It's up to them to be open to be marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with a time.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's at wish our time, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for too long.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
That is not a communist bunch of crap, sir.
Sounds like some kind of the end of the thought that this tiny pinko uh,
a fabulous city name.
There's a five-year-old white car.
The boat is going to stop for five thousand cars.
Is that it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your law is Mr. because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the damn bridges closed to both traffic and a hurricane too.
I want the bridges closed period, okay?
I want them closed.
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch his MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
In other words, I want those bridges closed.
Let him use the Julia Tuttle, okay?
You know, I'm not a man.
I think they ought to go out on a George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenders.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic jerk.
Hello, this is Albert Kaita from Tony Van Records,
inviting you American infidel to buy latest Kat Stevens collection.
You know my homie is right.
Let's take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
Make those in that ill face.
I was only including this classic.
I was on an airplane and suddenly was detained.
Their match is I can burn it.
And where it's out on my head.
I don't know, I don't know.
I'm being followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to funds terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb. That's your fault.
You wouldn't have been a fire or a Jew.
Find dark skin and a rag.
If you want a detainee.
I know that a variation of the classic.
Whoa, oh, oh, oh.
I ask myself every day,
which American should pay.
Tell me who would know how it's late.
Don't just say you never know.
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
She let her veil and expose herself.
So buy New Catch Stevens collection today for 1995.
Or you can play with Lisa, Mastercard or weapons of match distribution.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
It's a terrorist warning.
So as you drive on into work, be alert.
The White House says,
we're all doomed now.
Can't be sure when they might strike a neck.
Yeah, we're nervous, rex,
because of all of the stress.
From Smith's, we better watch out.
He is the word I feel in the air.
It's a terrorist warning.
Oh, wow.
The government says, be prudent.
And I'm scared.
They say not if but when now.
Not specific threats or a joke.
Yeah, I think there are hopes they could give me a stroke.
I think that night just will ignore it.
Yeah, live my life.
Enjoy the ride in my life.
I'll pay the back.
Terrorism.
Make me sick.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to dominant people killed with the gas that we sold in.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there,
to Nampa, right?
Queen is drilling it over and over into our heads.
Huh?
At Iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
3000 people killed.
Are now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after Saddam too.
Plankato's Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seems concerned all.
Humvee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration
that controls us by fear through media manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
At Iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservation.
Out of provoked battle, that world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in halibur, in its dull, with no objection at all.
Timber cracks don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brain wash pad.
I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
One of the all-time greatsmen, everyone's in a hall of shame.
26 past 16 WQM, 1213 votes on the poll.
We got our 1200, you got a lot of free food.
We got 900.
By the way, I'm getting a little lyrier, some of these people.
I've been warned by people about all the creeps that wind up on my space.
When some of these people from around the USA are sending in, you know, 47-year-old guy.
I look at his friends and there's like a 15-year-old kid.
I'm not proving those.
I'm a little bit lyrier because there's a lot of pedophiles out there and a lot of fruit cakes and a lot of crazy people and a lot of trouble makers and a lot of...
I'm not putting them on there.
Also, anybody that sends me like an animus, I'm not putting them on there.
We don't need you.
Am I right?
Who needs it?
Prosecutors dropped rate charges today against three Duke University LeCrosse players accused of attacking a stripper at a team party,
but the three still face kidnapping and sexual offense charges as the offense attorney said.
Joseph Cheshire and his cat and attorneys for the other players have said for months the woman told several different versions of the alleged assault.
Cheshire said Friday, accusing us that she doesn't know if she was penetrated, which he said led district attorney Mike Nyfog to dismiss the rape charges.
Wow! Nyfog did a meeting with Turner calls, so you can comment.
And it be because I'm actually she's another one. She's not even a fruit cake.
She was looking for something.
And of course the fact that she was a stripper in the slot, I mean, that should not count anyway.
Should it?
Provinced 13 votes, in addition to his three best friends, who should Neil and to his will?
George 432, me 371, a lot of people out there one little of my cash, and the answer is, uh-uh, I hit this poll 199.8%, not bad.
But who's got 91 votes?
Huh? Who may not ever surface again? I don't know.
What do you think? You think he's going to surface again? I already asked you that, didn't I?
Yeah. Well, it's just, it's just not my line.
And here's something if he doesn't, it's a nice picture.
Boca Brian 85, Brady Quinn 43, nobody 39, don't give no money to nobody, Neil.
Josh Cortis only 29, very weak, and you're lucky Jacobs on a poor unit, you'd be in last place.
Damn, you'd be bringing up the rear, but Jacob is still way, way back behind the human race with only five.
The biggest name, the best talent for the business, Neil Rogers, 420560, you AM.
Sting.
All right.
Miami has the dolphins, and here we go again.
Another losing season that's never gone up, and they never win, they never will.
And I will never know why sports are a straight at victim, going a super bowl and there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number, how many jeans in the week?
I didn't do. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The same old story nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers, they really aren't quite lame. I knew it from the very start.
I watched a fit's work game, and did you see the wimpy way, it's saving through that flag, standing on the sidelines.
He looked just like a bag and there the Miami dolphins. You pair Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number.
How many jeans in the week?
32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Their problems stick to them, my clue.
The dolphins lost a buffalo and then he can't see. It's only by sheer luck that they pulled out of victory.
And then they played the Texans in almost made me sick. That stupid two-point pass play. That fumbling outside kick and there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans in the week?
32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Oh, and no more. It needs no shoes.
A dolphin's can't control the fall. Their running game is flat as for their execution. Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone up low. A lead of that can be sure. And when they leave the field so has the stench of common door and there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans in the week?
32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Give them another shot of boo.
No more. But dolphins have no strategy. They play like idiots. Another couple games lost in the angry at St. Jets.
I think they're all retarded. It's almost like their curse. FJ St. Taylor and Zectomis. Which theme is the worst in the whole thing?
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. What the hell? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're through.
The boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are
are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are chauffeur's house are girls are boys are boys are boys are apart of the holiest people in Australia. This sport has gentle voices, their brothers are chocolatey, its Aunt Rock films and
violin music. So there are nearer boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys. Their prayers is like what happened twice in the morning. Why were women in the morning? That was too very hard for us to walk in the Esmerit.
I'm gonna throw the door here to the new man.
I am here and everywhere I go.
I'm gonna stay still.
I'm gonna stay still.
I'm gonna stay still.
I'm gonna stay still.
I'm gonna stay still.
It's been rough on my internship at the Euratings and Dian.
Oh.
Well, I don't wanna show you what a fake ass in I was till you're in hell.
If don't you get by somebody good enough to film my fakey pants?
It ain't easy.
It ain't easy.
Very no chance I love to be coming back.
I'm trying to consider being a little worried about the counteracts.
If you wanna know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitted to the wound of it.
Why? That's easy.
It's true.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
I mean, you're a prank slash only that stupid guy.
That's it, my ratings, that bottom down in the chain.
What radio has the revolving doors of the day in civil wars and Swedish?
All you need is now, now take it and your rule.
All you need is now, and your dreams, all you need is a show, and your world.
I hope you hold my hand and you'll bite away something.
I'm just holding and giving it.
You see, you're not.
I'm also speaking of that, Jellies coming up at Who Does And Pepper Pines or Two for other mad dogs this afternoon.
Speaking of that.
22 till 2, man, this thing has just been a piece of cake today, isn't it?
Yes it has.
It's been a real pleasure and I think you're probably a compliment on my fine selection of bits too.
Okay.
You get stuff, huh?
Listen, when I had to do this almost two days in a row because it's, you know, that time of the year.
And we were only allowed to play about six bits at this point.
Thanks to Jellies.
Hey Jellies, that's for you, honey.
So Scott is telling me that the best way that I can make sure that I know who I'm talking to on my space is to get a webcam.
Oh boy.
Yeah, right exactly.
I'm thinking I'm sending him back a message saying, you know, thanks for the suggestion, but it sounds a little, I don't know.
A little bit dangerous, you know what I'm saying, don't you think?
Yeah, very dangerous.
Of course, I could always set up a blow-up dial over here on this end, you never know.
Well, it probably looked better.
Because then you know, you see your, your honk guy and he, he really looks like, you know, who knows.
Yeah.
Well, I ruined that image, right?
That's right. When I got that nice picture on here.
Huh?
Scene films about the Irish mafia and the Russian mafia.
Now meet the Anishmopia.
In Martin Scorsese, gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country.
As a kaya, I now has to find looking milk cow.
Yes, it would be a shame if something pertains to happen to it.
Are these suggesting I pay the protection?
At a thingy.
Gains of Pennsylvania Dutch country.
It's filled with excitement, but no electricity.
Now I've late done thy interest payments.
And I regret that I must break if thy knees with this butter churn.
How's the forgotten it is a sin to collect on the Sabbath? I be thirsty.
Oh, forgive it, my blasphemy.
I shall break if thy knees on the morrow.
Don't list the barn raising suspense of gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country.
Put aside thy infantry, or I come up to whack thee.
Martin Scorsese's gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country.
Where made guys aren't just made, they're crafted by hands.
When I go up, once guys to go, when they look at my chest,
one repair that will fill up my sweater.
Not an acre, once a decal.
I deserve some new breasts.
I have really been a good girl all year.
Rest in plan.
Rest in plan.
Rest in plan.
I really want bigger for me.
See them bound.
See them bound.
My huge bound.
My huge bound.
That's why I was Christmas Day.
The Federal Food and Drug Administration has joined the investigation of the E.Colei outbreak at Taco Bell.
No, it is on the E.Colei outward.
The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell.
Well, I drove down to get a beanberry home.
Taco Bell was calling out to me.
It felt like I was shot with a toy for the E.D.O.
And then I got explosive number three.
Rock solid.
Then my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
Then my through a sleeve brought me to my knees.
I was replaced by my toy and a hat.
Then my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
I was replaced by my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
I was replaced by my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
I was replaced by my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
I was replaced by my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
I was replaced by my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
I was replaced by my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
And then my through a pile of the ball with all trees.
The Blood Crastagог понимаю.
The Blood Crastagrog weiteren.
Just by looking at the window.
You're a confessable believe me.
I'll reach our driver.
I...
You're Nicole Richie!
You're from here, am I?
Kennedy.
Uh, no underwear.
Uh, you're a stripper.
A prostitute.
I hear everything's here!
I didn't even call in.
I didn't even call in.
I didn't even call in.
Donnie, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I, sir.
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse.
Good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me!
No, I'm not.
I got there, but Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the process?
Sir, you told me to move the process.
I didn't tell you why you must have misunderstood me.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey.
Listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the process.
Okay.
How are we going with it anyway?
Are you mad?
Hold on.
What are you doing?
Remus!
It will shock the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remus.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remus!
Get evil!
Stop it, Remus!
I'm going to fall, fall, fall.
Stop, fall, fall, fall.
Stop, fall, fall, the floor, Remus!
Remus!
It's one fist in my hand, Remus.
That's your beat, it's both.
My other hand, Remus!
That's the phone, both.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remus.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I beg your pardon.
Sir, sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth in its time.
What?
What?
It's time, what?
What?
It's time, what?
What?
Hold on a second.
Remus!
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remus!
I'll jam that thing down your throat!
Get the food right away from me!
Come on, Blueberry.
I'm allergic.
I, sir.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Stop up, I, sir.
Listen.
You see me?
What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You should imagine that you're crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide to side.
I'm the puppet master.
I, sir, you do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But, sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him laugh at you.
Puppet master!
Me!
Idiot!
Oh!
Riemus!
Riemus!
Yes, yes, yes, boss.
What the hell are you doing now?
Listen to Floor Balls.
It's nothing wrong with the Floor Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Riemus.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Riemus.
Get out!
Get over to work.
Get out!
I, sir.
Yes, sir.
Kill on me.
Kill on me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Kill on me.
I'm sorry.
Kill on me, softly.
Okay, well, 52, a few.
And we're just about done.
Wow.
And for me, the ear is done.
Isn't that great?
Well done.
So, Merry Christmas, happy new year.
Thank you.
Thanks for the memories.
Back after Happy Chinuka.
Yeah, and Happy Hanukkah.
It's not over yet.
I forgot about that.
And don't eat too many locus on you.
You eat locus out there.
And even the goiim don't get the carry it away.
135 votes on the pool.
And you did the week.
You did pretty weak.
You're going to have to work on this.
Here's a New Year's resolution.
Josh is going to have to like, you know,
create a little greater esteem in the eyes of the audience.
It does matter for your best friends.
Who should Neil add to his will?
George, 440.
Me, whoever you are, 374.
Whoever you are.
Right.
I hate this pool, 121.
And speak out of, he's got 91.
And I don't blame you.
Book of Brian 87, Brady Quinn, 40,
Ford, nobody, 43.
Josh Cordis has got about 30, man.
You like that?
And poor Jacob, man.
He's still trailing the human race.
Solomon Thessinko.
The biggest name.
The best talent to the fastest Neil Rogers.
And the Georgia hotel.
560.
You A.M.
God.
Kramer.
What is the deal with your behavior?
My cycle picture.
My bike with versus strange night.
Have the comedy go.
Some heck but cut the mess with this.
And you was washed off.
You did sign failed.
But it won't be your last thing.
You'd have a bitch in my dish and that doesn't know.
Gives you a cast thing.
Sorry, that was me.
And then he used to have some things.
And everybody's her 30 of your apology.
What the fuck?
A hot second menu.
The coupe acting like the soup.
Not see but with the soup.
I go for it.
Oh, this is evil.
I go for it.
I go for it.
I go for it.
Let's make that a job.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my,
My, my, my, my my, my, my, my, my, my.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my.
You're gonna lose your bike, right?
You're gonna come right here.
It's on the camera.
Have made you known.
Who'da thought it could all be destroyed by one camera phone?
And now they say, you're a racist.
But I say no.
Way, frameless heck but buzzing fired by the rap group cannon.
Play.
You should have gotten out of it.
Turned it into a bit.
Wendin' doubt.
Oh, you got a shout.
It's just, you should have.
But now you said that word that you cannot say.
And you said it with the E-R and not the E-R.
I wanted my say.
And you can't say the word.
I think it's myself just saying the word.
Just stop.
I just stop saying.
I think it's my thing.
And now I hear a lot of trouble.
I can't help it in my grammar.
It's suburbanhomeboy.com.
Buh, buh, buh.
