Yes, I have my server enabled my system to stabilize to.
I am online to convey my thoughts and go loving with you.
I must ensure first and foremost to upgrade my DSL,
so that I can speedily download as I stand for quarter as well.
A bloggery blog, one of the blog HTTP, hey look at me.
Here is an interesting blog I'm composing.
A Xbox 360 PS3 will soon be mine or mine.
I've been standing here waiting online since Windows 95.
The guy owned one smelling t-shirt, a vintage one of Aquaman.
And I have my clothes on all of my socks because I am a literally fat man.
I'll be an I'm a slubbering blubber who is badly in need of a tan.
I can type with my Fats to be finished with only one hand.
Okay, 10 a 1 at 5.60 WQM, happy Thursday to you.
November 30th, and what is it?
About 30 man.
Wow, it is the last day in November already.
In March of December 1, aren't you excited about that?
Of course not.
No.
Nothing excites you anymore because you're old and you basically gave up.
That's right.
Long time ago.
Sure.
That's about nine years ago.
Or so.
At any rate, Miguel is evil in the Antichrist,
and I'm going to curse him out for four hours today.
You know that whole mind-space thing?
Why did you do that, Miguel?
Anyway.
What?
I'm too old.
You know, the star I had in my life is just fine waiting.
You need to be involved then.
I don't want to be involved.
I don't read the messages on there.
I don't get involved with it.
I don't want to know from it.
And by the way, Jeff,
go sell some spots for the people you're working for.
Leave us alone already.
Will you?
You clown you tub.
So yesterday we had the story about the kittens that got like
whatever they had fried and twisted and yanked.
And then we had the story about the little baby in the microwave.
Well, Shamu, the killer whale.
Did you see this?
Yeah, I was just watching the report this morning.
Enjoy the trainer during a show at SeaWorld Adventure Park in San Diego
by grabbing his foot and pulling him underwater twice.
It's about time the animal struck back like it only like the crock guy.
That's right.
Like crock.
Leave these poor freaking animals alone already.
We're not going to eat them.
Leave them alone.
That's right.
If they're not going to be really tasty and delicious and uh, uh,
get it right away.
The 39-year-old man was hospitalized in good condition after Wednesday.
He shows that Mike Scar Putsi, a park official.
Scar Putsi, who oversees neurological operations,
they didn't know the extent of the trainer's injuries.
We don't really care.
The park declared a release to trainers name saying some members of his family
have yet to be notified.
He's a way of a guy though.
Scar Putsi said the trainer had been working with animals for 16 years,
including 12 spread at Shamu Stadium.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Shamu Stadium.
What are you kidding me or what?
See, why can't we leave those animals alone in their native habitat
in the ocean where they belong and quit like, uh,
oh yeah, put them in the circus, you know?
Right.
We got plenty of people to work for us that we had to put in the circus,
but who they would believe in.
Here's the poll result from yesterday when 1653 votes.
And by the way, since the calls came back, man,
we are just kicking big, pimply, smelly ass.
You wouldn't believe it.
You believe it?
No.
That's all right.
Guys who shave or remove their chest here generally are 1653 votes.
And the by far,
gay wins hands down your pants, gay 520.
Straight guys don't shave their, uh, thing, their chest.
Right.
Mars is cystic, 222.
The kind of guys that like to stand in the mirror all day and admire their, uh,
you know, smooth, shave and hot body,
even though they probably look like, uh, crap.
Easily manipulated by media imagery, 192.
Perfectly normal, 167.
That's what you guys both voted for, right?
Right.
Perfectly normal.
Right.
In need of attention, number 13, that was while I voted.
They need attention.
I'm talking about like, uh, lobotomy.
Insticure 99, clean, 94.
They got a clean machine line.
Oh, and thank God I finally went down to my, uh,
hot machine yesterday at Woodbuy and thank God for that bailed my ass out.
I want a couple of bucks.
Not enough to change my life.
I hate this pool 91.
The rains 59.
Showoffs 55.
They're sexy 27.
I wonder how many gay guys voted for that.
And young 14, only young guys.
Of course, why, what does young mean?
And South Florida means under 100.
They're young.
And full among.
Now the fool for today, which, uh, now is this one,
that the word this one come from.
Oh, this is, uh, because of rich raw.
Thanks Rick and all the, the Sunsettle discovered rich raw is retiring.
Here it is Thursday.
This happened two days ago.
The Harold was all over it like stink on Joyce.
And the Sunsettle just discovered it.
For you people are so slow.
As Tom Jickel would say, you're so out of touch.
846 votes already under these pool.
There's a speaking of turkeys.
There's the Pope.
He's in Turkey.
Wouldn't surprise me at all if they, uh,
finish his ass off.
But nevertheless,
Rick Shaw is retiring.
When should Neil retire?
Retire!
That's the question.
846 votes.
Whenever he feels like it 409,
well, thank you so much.
That's what I voted.
You know what?
That's what I'm going to do when I feel like it.
And what Rick Shaw told me that well-friend had told him,
you'll know when it's time, you know?
Oh, my package is showing up between 1030 and 2.
They're going to make another delivery attempt.
Which I didn't hear him knock on the door in the first place.
They must've come about, you know,
6 this morning or something.
How could I not have heard it?
I don't know.
I mean, it's me.
I don't know.
Maybe they came out of the shower.
Well, how early delivery, uh,
Joyce started delivering.
Not before 9.
I don't know.
Well, whatever.
Who cares?
I'll let everybody feels like it 409.
Never 344.
Yeah, it's possible.
Especially if Miguel keeps messing with my life.
Now, right now, return now.
Retire.
48, 5.6%.
How do you like that?
I'm 560, it's 5.6%.
Now, at one point, it was like up to 7%.
What time did you put this pool on your last night?
Like 630.
Oh, 630.
A little bit late.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I thought.
It's not for our dinner.
Should we turn now 48?
In a few years.
And guess how many voted for it in a few years?
About 30, man.
Okay, I'm retiring in 30 years.
I hate this pool only 8.
A 0.9.
Oh.
Oh, there's some people can relate to that number.
It would be the first time they've seen that number.
And soon 7.
And by the way, we are not sandbagging anybody show.
Contrary to the rumor that you're starting that somebody else is sand.
Just like I told you, buddy, Joe, the other day on the phone.
And I really mean this.
I hope that everybody on our station gets a 10-year-end man.
Sure.
I'll make our double bonus and make a lot of money
and everybody as well.
I hope they get a hundred more.
That's what I'm going to share.
Well, how about something and share?
Soon 8.
Soon.
Not right now, but soon.
In other words, you know.
Soon, get them off of there.
Those are probably your people, you know.
How many people want you to join today?
I'll go and wait for my package.
It's said they're coming sometime between 10, 30 and 2.
I'll be back right before 2 o'clock or after the package shows up.
How's that?
Sure.
Now that's a fair deal.
I'll go in my living room, watch a little TV.
Talk about it, shaving.
Some old, uh, what?
We'll talk all day about shaving.
Oh, I don't want to hear about it.
And we'll play some hockey stuff.
The minute I thought it might be Oscar,
I minute thought leading to the one.
Well, that's good.
This is from a hundred.
More good audio on this one.
Washtown, Kinisco.
Never Kinisco.
Of course, you know, it's before you were born.
I saw the documentary.
Did you?
It's kind of like those Edison cylinders.
Right.
In fact, they started on that biography.
His, yeah, that was pretty interesting for an old far like me.
He started with a tinfoil.
That's correct.
On a hand crank.
I had a little laugh.
It was really neat.
He had the tinfoil.
Then he went to Waxy,
had too much Waxy build up though.
And the needle was a stick is a pencil.
I'm not talking about the tip of a pencil.
I'm talking about the width of a pencil.
Very good.
Do you ever see those old needles?
And of course, you've seen your Soviet RPM needles, haven't you?
My Byron D. Harlan.
That's the whole thing.
Ha ha ha ha.
Here's the Edison cylinder repellent.
Oh, right.
Let's play this all day today.
I'm in the mood to do it.
Here's our new format,
not our brick shot's retirement.
Let's hear it.
All so we're doing recording.
It's all day.
And you might even play Mani by El Jorzen.
We don't want to piss those, whoever they want.
I'm coming right up.
We'll do a segue.
You got Mani?
Okay, segue to Mani by El Jorzen.
I'm trying to remember if that was on Capitol Records.
It was on the Zolt 78s.
Here we go.
Put on that black face now.
My trick is to be proud.
I got what he knows, but it'll call you next.
Everything seems lovely.
When you can talk about legislation.
Dark rule rules.
It's your heart out, Ricky Tickie.
I mean, the same Vainel praio song we were listening to this morning.
You know what I'm saying?
Right, favor sign.
You know what I'm saying?
No, you know what I'm saying?
No, you know what I'm saying?
Once you might.
Yeah, that'll be it.
Then I can retire.
Yes, what you say.
Retire.
I understand he was a sensation.
And you know, in your asking why?
That's the Abbey's story.
How come Al Jorzen?
Why?
I don't know.
I can only imagine everything else sounded worse.
That's right.
Wow.
I never hear Rudy Valley.
He was a beacon.
So all right, that's enough of that already.
I can hear the scratches in the record.
You're playing it off a thing.
Give me a headache.
Man, well try head on.
The makers of head on.
That'll do it.
Wow, what a segue.
We're cooking now.
I better leave for wood buying right now.
Leave a message for the adliver guy.
Tell him what to do with my package.
Look at those phones.
They're smoking, maybe.
Right off the agitco.
It's Thursday already.
It's the fourth day of bringing the calls back on the show.
It's been a major, major success.
A humongous, big fat booby hit.
As what's his name would say?
What was his name in that movie?
Frank Hackett.
OK.
Well, I was Robert Dubal.
It was Frank Hackett network.
That was way after Josh fell asleep in a movie.
So embarrassed and humiliated and degraded for it.
But it's just not your generation.
You know, it's not your thing.
It's like you said, anybody under 100
wouldn't listen to me reading stupid bedtime stories
for four hours.
And you're right.
No, I like movies that, you know, entertainer.
I don't care when they were made.
Yeah.
Do you like movies with naked chicks?
Well, Faye Dunway was naked there for,
but of course we didn't see her and who to hold onto.
Anyway, she didn't know a bag.
But she was naked.
She was on top of Bill Holden there.
She was holding it.
878 votes on the poll.
Well, once we get to 1,000, I'm going
to go lay down on the floor and wait for that knock on the door.
Then I'll have my back up, fax machine mine.
Now, let's see.
She should return.
Now, it's done at 5.5%.
If we can get that down to the vicinity of 5%,
I might stick around another couple of days.
You never know, although I'm so depressed.
Oh, God, I'm so damn depressed.
Don't ever, let me just, here's a suggestion to you.
I really mean this.
Don't get involved in like those classmates things.
And why do you already been involved in so of I?
This kind of nostalgia living in a past.
I mean, it's kind of fun.
It's neat getting in touch with people
that you went to school with or haven't seen in a long time.
Although if you haven't seen them in many, many years like me,
you don't really want to see them anymore.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, oh, oh.
I told you about the pictures I got of my classmates
from high school.
Yes.
Well, when the last time you saw somebody,
they were 18 years old and they looked really, really good.
That's right.
And now they're like your age, you're meaning me,
60 or whatever.
Oh, God, you look at it.
Oh, geez, you look old.
I wonder why.
Well, nobody wants to do that.
Nobody wants to see that.
In addition to which, when you send people messages
and they don't respond, see with me,
I take it personal.
Even though I put on this good,
veneer, this good front on the ear,
I take it first.
I don't get insulted by the show or anything that happens
on the show.
I don't care about that.
It's crap.
Mm-hmm.
But personal, you know, in other words,
this is business and that's personal.
I get to get a lot of slackers.
Like I check my, my space email,
like once every two weeks or something.
Okay, whatever you say.
Stuttering Gills is my girlfriend's name is Linda,
not Stuttering John, like you named her on Tuesday.
By the way, can I wish you a happy birthday,
which is Friday?
Says, don't ever retire.
Neocard will resurrect.
Oh, yeah.
Damn, God.
Stuttering Gills is going to be a little bit chronic,
if you ask me.
Stuttering John, Gill, whatever the hell's name is.
Or maybe his name is What's That Guy They Got in the Morning?
That they sent out to do the Stuttering John,
like interviews with these people?
Manning.
Oh, manning.
Yeah.
He reminds me of him, reminds me of him,
reminds me of his best waltly from the Orion Ronshow.
He reminds me of Gobert.
And I say that with great regret.
But don't be sandbagging their show now.
We wish them all the success,
especially with all those sports segments.
The biggest name, so best talent to do this is
Neil Rogers, sports radio five sixties.
You, a, man.
Rogers, I, coming up tonight,
an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story.
He grew up in poverty and inspired the people
to make it with his songs of peace and protest.
If he knew that he would one day be the voice of disenfranchised,
suburban white, frat boys, he would probably
soil himself.
He was Bob Marley.
Bob Marley is the man.
Rick Whiteman is a young white man.
Whenever one of my college professors,
who I call the great oppressors,
make me write some term paper or something,
I just know how Bob Marley felt,
being in a crime-ridden slum all the time.
Get up, get up.
Get up for your ride.
Yeah.
I don't know how Bob Marley does it.
Bob Caucasian is another young white man.
I mean, how does this guy from the Jamaican ghetto
know how angry it makes me when my parents
will let me have the escalate?
Or how I'm filled with resentment
when I go over on my cell phone minutes?
Oh, Bob Marley.
Oh, Bob Marley does it.
Silly Bob.
Yeah.
And of course, there's the gunja.
Yeah, haunt me that spreefman.
When I smoke the gunja, it is like I am back in these slums
of Kingston, man.
Even though in my daily life,
I crossed a street to avoid black people, man.
Jarlove.
Yeah.
See you down at the mall, my brother.
Bob Marley, he became the voice of those who didn't have a voice.
Now he's the voice of those who in just wish would shut up.
It's a bit.
She was like shopping at a show business.
Tonight, on inside the bike.
Maybe Bob Marley can go to a woodman with me next,
visiting help me find a good machine mine.
What do you think?
Could only help him.
10-18, I'll slap his body along.
We'll see what we turn up.
906 votes on the poll already.
I'd say one thing.
These are calls coming back or any indication.
We have living and breathing people back on the show.
You think that?
No.
5-6-7, look at the way that phone is, man.
Is it working or what?
Let me just check here.
Oh, yeah, it's working.
Lionel, one of those still not working.
You see that?
I do see that.
I just mentioned that in passing.
George, by the way, fixed the pot on the board
so we can actually turn it on and off
as microphone at least to a point.
Right.
Got ours a little bit.
And if any, diddled and whittled and pochkeyed and not worked.
Took it all apart because of engine interstamp
is unresponsive and our management is totally non-responsive
and they could care less of it,
only because they didn't understand
how anything there works anyhow.
So it's just like a kind of potlock.
I don't see this phone smoking,
but once this delay builds up and after about 25 minutes,
you're going to see a tremendous explosion on that phone.
You'll see it.
Well, not tremendous.
And I'm not answering Lionel 9.
That's Josh's line.
That's all yours.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
I'm onto that one.
That's what I'm trying to say.
I was giving it to you.
You want your very own phone line?
Yeah, but you have your own personal line.
I'll tell you that.
It took me a while.
I can let Miguel with my own MySpace page,
which up until the end of the day,
I never looked at anything on there.
I never read any of the crap.
Although I did read some of the stuff yesterday
from some schmuck on there who says,
I see you're taking calls again.
You were slaved to public opinion.
Right.
Taking calls again because the show sucked is what happened
is what I wasn't happy with it.
That's why I slaved to public opinion, my ass.
All these, like I told you before,
you have to be a masochist.
These people in the chat rooms
and with their comment lines and all this crap.
Who the hell wants it?
You know, it's like taking calls on a talk show.
WQAM, hello.
Be okay, George.
Not gay.
QA.
Okay, good.
WQAM, hello.
It's public opinion.
QAM.
Taking calls again because this show,
I don't know what's that.
Hello.
Yeah.
That's calling the hell.
Why is it?
What is it, man?
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you were asking out early to delivery service.
What did you have for UPS?
Yeah.
I got a delivery at 6.31 more and they're paying off.
I don't know.
Was it come here in a wee hours of the morning
when I was sound asleep or maybe when I was in the shower,
man?
Yeah, maybe when you were taking a squat in the bathroom.
That could have been it too, although I would have heard that
and that would have been really a perplexing.
You know, I would have finished squatting.
Well, yesterday you mentioned on air about
Twilight Zone with some racing forms from the day before
or something like that.
Was the racing form, the guy got the next day's newspaper
had the race results from the day before, yeah.
So I saw that one that's like Jack Cogman
when he was like 10 years old.
I mean, before he could speak,
he was still punching his gut side
and he was still a chain-smoking, too, as a matter of fact.
But he had a nice day, Neil.
Okay, thank you.
I think he's right.
It was Jack Cogman.
It was either Twilight Zone or Outer Limits.
One of those.
Good show, which of course we don't have very many anymore,
but that's what the old fart say like me
who were living in the past
and want to go back to like drag net
and all that old can't be crap.
You know, fat detectives are running around,
waddling around, chasing those young hoodlums,
you know, who were running like a bat on the hill
and here's this fat detective, you know,
waddling around and is a licking cut in the middle by the way.
Which used to smash up all the time,
but he must have good insurance.
924 votes on a full rich,
shots announced his retirement.
The Sun Sentlet Justice covered that today
to much to my dismay.
They really suck.
When should Neil retire?
924 votes.
Whenever he feels like it, 448,
I thank you so much for your generosity
because that's of course what I'll do.
Never a 376.
Now a 51 5.5% right now.
Retire.
Oh, I love that.
In a few years, 32, a few.
Soon, nine and I hate this poll.
Only eight.
0.8%.
There's the pope with his white schmothy's,
dressing as a red shoes on.
All right, you go papa.
WDQA and hello.
Oh, come on.
I bet you all don't have to be doing red dogs and mother.
Right?
I have.
I have.
Come on, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move,
move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move,
move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move.
Oh, I sure wish we had that.
Where the hell did that come from?
I don't know, never heard that before.
Yeah, I did.
I love that.
WDQA and hello.
Out there.
WDQA and Ola.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Actually, for me, I'm working for a club already after them.
Like I said, good evening.
All right.
Good evening.
I'm sorry.
I said, what do you got?
I got, I mean, the delectic one of yours,
it's sometimes pretty funny.
I know that you're a Jewish.
I'm a half a Jewish, too.
I have a Polish and a Russian.
So I mean, just the definitions, what do you use sometimes,
you know, make me feel?
Did you ever heard from someone what it means,
the background or the hiking like a Chinese?
And it's originally a Russian, a Russian and the Polish term?
Oh, man.
It was like that.
That was for Ad Junior, I think.
Wouldn't it?
I think that was for Ad Junior, June.
Hey, let's take a look at that schedule for today.
It's a Thursday.
Maybe in a course, you know what Thursday means on QM?
A lot of spots.
Oh, yeah, we got Curtis from Ad Dog or Tunel.
I'm Ad Dog today or tomorrow.
I'm just wondering about that right now.
Curtis is fine, but the Mad Dog,
he did one over do it.
Then the power hour would hang solo from four to five,
hump or five to seven.
And then we got the Panther Crab, man, Panther preview
at seven o'clock, Panthers at the Ottawa Senators.
It was meant to play the Washington Senators in Ottawa,
at seven, thirty, followed by the Education Show,
who tonight starts at 10, as opposed to last night
when the schedule said 10, 30.
We got Evan Cohen on Saturday and the weekend schedule.
Thanks you for setting it about that.
Then we got a show called Jock Strap's with Tom Alexander.
What's that about?
Jock Strap's, that's an English show on his station.
Jock?
Yes, it is.
It's actually been on for a little while.
And what is it?
If I'm not mistaken, he pays for the time.
Oh, another one of those deals.
Are there any punches pulled on that show?
I haven't, I can't say that I've listened.
Oh, I'm sure there's something pulled.
Maybe some strings get pulled to put them on the ear.
If he's paying for it, we'll put it on the ear.
Yeah, that's the way it works at QM.
We just want the money, baby.
Crank that building up.
We're under a lot of pressure.
Get that building up.
Make the beastlies a lot of money, sonny.
933 votes on the pool.
And don't bother me with my space anymore.
Although we do have 798 friends on my space.
Yeah.
And that exciting?
No.
What else?
I just wish you would.
And he did that off on his own, too, by the way.
Yeah.
I don't, I just can't deal with it.
26 past what?
You don't have to.
I'm not going to.
I just, I'm going to ignore it.
I don't want to be involved.
You don't want to say, I don't want to be involved
in just one of those things.
26 after 10 at 5.60 WQM.
I've been taking nature B for like about three weeks now.
And you can almost tell in my voice that it's really kicking in.
Can you hear it?
I hear it.
I feel it.
I can smell it.
This is about to be the best kept secret
to living in the fast lane.
Forget all those pills and potions.
If you want to do something really good for yourself
and revitalize yourself, get on nature B.
Just two golden capsules a day and watch your life take off.
Not a drug or a stimulant, just pure organic food in the capsule.
All the way from clean, green, New Zealand,
nature B is real food.
Pure is the driven snow.
It's an A to Z of vitamins and minerals.
And nature B is really great for people on the run.
Get your six months to fly right now by calling this toll free number 1-866-834-8355.
Call it and get yourself a bonus of one month.
Absolutely free with the order and get your life going again.
Call 1-866-834-8355.
Be like me, get on nature B.
1-866-834-8355.
Or go online, whatever the hell it is, to natureb.com.
The biggest name, the best talent to the business,
Leo Rogers, 4th radio 560.
You're in America.
Aley Pop, little boy.
Christmas is right around the corner.
Now's the time to get your child the new educational joy that everyone's talking about.
New from Hasbin, the Ku Kluck Kramer doll.
The Ku Kluck Kramer doll?
How does it work?
Sear child's eyes light up when he pulls the string.
And here's a cute Ketlin turkey in the likeness of Michael Richards.
As he says one of five timeless lines about the holiday.
I can't speak a fast way, please.
Wow, this Ku Kluck Kramer doll is neat.
Mom, what?
Now kids, being a turkey, I mean, I mean,
10 out of your own business and some of our reverse and trust in you, the four of you.
Um, maybe we should put the Ku Kluck Kramer doll away now.
Come on, mom, let me play.
Being a turkey, being a turkey,
being a tree, so we're now kids a turkey.
What kind of toy is this?
Oh, mom, everyone at school wants a Ku Kluck Kramer doll.
The KKK doll is the best.
Honey, don't abbreviate Alex Lane later.
The Ku Kluck Kramer doll.
At now and get the Jerry Seinfeld talking pilgrim at No Extra Cuts.
What the deal with holiday food?
I don't know.
Oh, God.
1031 and by the way, it's after 1031, you know what that means?
There could be a knock on that door.
Any minute now.
And it could be my package that are load ups now.
I'll go out the package that I'm hoping for, but nevertheless, a landmark legal case
on behalf of the Recording Industry Association of American Other Global Trade Organizations seeks
to criminalize all internet file sharing of any kind as copyright infringement effectively
shutting down the worldwide web.
And the argument is supported by the West Government.
I don't want to say that the people at prison planted our little paranoid, but they're
a little paranoid over there, you know, which is good.
It's fun.
Ray Beckerman, a Larry representing clients and cases against the RAAA recently took part
in a conference call organized by the defectedbydesign.org, an organization which opposes the RM technology,
content-restricting programs embedded in the software that blocks users access to music,
movies, software, other forms of digital data.
Beckerman describes how internet users are randomly targeted by the RAA for simply having
a folder of music on their computer, kept in the dark about legal details, and intimidated
in paying thousands of dollars immediately or facing a federal freaking lawsuit.
The RAAA doesn't even attempt to prove copyright infringement with specific examples, dates
or times.
It simply coerces and threatens the victim until they relent into paying out huge settlement
fees.
They have an investigator, pretend to be user of Paza or one of the other similar file
sharing networks.
He finds a shared file folder that has a goodly number of copyrighted songs in it.
He has no idea whether those songs files were obtained legally, whether through paid
downloads or through making personal copies from one's own CD for backup purposes, or
whether anything illegal was ever done with those files, whether anyone ever copied one.
And what he does, he takes a screenshot of the shared files folder.
He of course does not see the folders, he immediately sees the text in the metadata, and
decides this is a big shared file folder.
You following this?
Mm-hmm.
Then through some secret process which he will not share with us and try to conceal from
the courts, he then associates it with their dynamic IP address.
And then after he has what he believes is the correct dynamic IP address, for the late
in time which he has made that screenshot, he then brings a proceeding to get the name
and address of the subscriber who paid for the internet access, which of course will tell
us nothing.
But once he gets that information, he then sues the person.
In one case, UMG versus Linda Ray, cleaner who's never used her own computer, but simply
dusted near one.
Dusted near one was sued as an online distributor and peer-to-peer file sharing.
How do you like that?
Perth.
And if you're on one of those, uh, gay, then it's queer to queer file sharing.
Accusing the RAAA of conducting a random theorem by bringing lawsuits against defenseless
people, Beckham and Ward, that in one case in particular, electric versus barker, has
the potential to shut down the internet completely.
How do you like them bananas?
Think want the banana.
RAAA's argument is that Ms. Barker, a poor nursing student who lives in housing project,
should be prosecuted on the basis that merely making files available on the internet is
in and of itself a copyright infringement.
Well, copyright my ass, how do you like that?
Alkaline, maniacs.
Beckham and Cousin can pay a shocking argument because if it were accepted, it would probably
shut down the entire internet.
One of the UK's biggest technology news websites, the inquiry, also that they highlights
the frightening development and article entitled RAAA wants the internet shut down.
The US government is also filed legal base supporting the RAAA's crap.
Deep 16th in the interior, and it seems highly unlikely, and that it would probably derail
the world economy and put thousands of huge, transnational corporations out of business.
And outcome more likely to happen if this ruling is accepted, is that would further
pave the way for government regulation and tracking of the internet, namely internet
2.
A completely controlled, surveilled and automatic, or autocratic, several police states,
sort of the Chinese model, whereby website owners have to obtain government permission
to run a blog, be approved by a biometric thumb scan just to tune their computer on,
and immediately get their internet access shut off if they misbehave.
How do you like that?
If you work the word crap in a chat room, you're out.
You're done, and they're going to come knock it on the door.
I don't hear any knock yet, but get that Al Jolson standing by, or the other stuff
was better, the Edison cylinder.
Oh, yeah.
That was choice.
This case is another attack on another attack on a force in government and the corporate
structure that seeks to suffocate the last outpost of true freedom of speech in the
past.
And it must be counted in all costs, writes Paul Joseph Watson on the very paranoid prison
planter dot com.
I like that website.
It's very paranoid and just right up my alley.
I like paranoid people.
You know what I mean?
They're indicating anyway.
960 votes on the pool.
Let's see if they think I'm still entertaining, or if it's time to hang up the microphone
or come going to hang it up.
Rick Shaw's retiring.
When should Neil retire as our pool question?
Whenever he feels like it, 465 out of 960, almost half, whenever the hell he feels like
it.
He'll know when it's time.
That's what Ralph Rednext said.
Never 390, never ever retire.
Sit there and keep bap bap bap bap like that forever until you collapse right there on
the floor until you croak right in the middle of a show.
Now 53, 5.5% say retire right now.
Retire!
Now 5.5% then what the hell would they do?
Well that's your crowd I forgot.
Oh yeah.
He's George Peaball.
In a few years, 34, I hate this pool 9 only a 0.9% and soon another 9.
Nine, say soon.
I bet your Robert Creeper is one of them.
He wants a really good sports show in there very soon.
Of course they don't have one yet.
Now come up with somebody.
I'll get Joseph Yankee back in there and get the boogster back from the other joint.
Joseph Yankee, the boogster and Chris Moron to get those nice one and two shares like
they used to have in midday.
Oh god was I.
It's more comfortable.
It's safe when you're like that.
Yeah.
So like I said about that my space page.
22 before 11 at 560 WQM experienced the difference at Mercedes Benz and Pompato during
their winter event going on right now.
The all new 2007 Mercedes Benz CL550 is just arrived and joins the 2007 S550 to create
an unprecedented driving experience.
During the Mercedes Benz and Pompato winter event enjoy lease and finance specials on C,
E, ML and Arc class vehicles plus the motor transport utility vehicle of the year the
GL450.
Mercedes Benz and Pompato's got over 200 employees dedicated of riding and comparable
service offering you convenient service hours courtesy vehicles and complimentary car
washes for variety of customers to they even offer you a dealer miles to their service
customers.
Browse to their indirect spoil you'll find over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or on
the wicked web as long as it's still there click on Benz Pompato dot com B.E.N.Z Benz
Pompato dot com experience the difference during the winter event it's going on right
now at Mercedes Benz and Pompato you'll find them at I 95 and Copens Road column toll free
from any place at 1 800 new Benz any WBNZ 1 800 new Benz Mercedes Benz and Pompato wishing
you and your family a joyous holiday season.
The old.
Yeah.
As a little reputation Ben injured by appearing in the Borat movie.
Borat caused me to lose respect among my fraternity brothers and that ain't easy to do.
Were you deceived about the true nature of Borat's intention.
He paid me money asked me to sign a release form and pointed a camera at me when I said
racist stuff how was I supposed to know I'd end up in his movie.
You may be eligible for compensation by calling the law offices of Sasha Baron and Cohen.
That name sounds familiar.
At the law offices of Sasha Baron and Cohen we'll offer you complimentary drinks ask
you to sign a release and sit you in front of a camera for your free consultation with
our lead attorney Ali G.
Check it I is here with my main plaintiff question why is you so stupid.
I don't know for real respect don't delay visit the law offices of Sasha Baron and Cohen
today we'll get you the money and respect you deserve and won't that be nice nice I
just got a nice emails matter fact everybody it's nice it's nice I don't hear knock on
the door yet with my package oh god I'm waiting for that very special package I think it's
coming from Berlin 1042 18 before leveled at 560 WQM on a very very interesting Thursday
movie into the Sanchez and McGill would say but then what the Luzino speaking of English
you idiot I'm sending back to Chicago don't you disturb you when people say Chicago why
do they say that just it does yeah what was that all about no I don't know if you I was
let's say that Miami no Miami is a herb show so I'm getting crackers used to say Miami
beats Miami he's a Jewish cracker of Schindler he crackers me up I'd say that Erdog I wonder
if he's still alive of Schindler remember I asked that on the year seven years ago when
he called him and boy was that boring oh my herb is in the day over 140 nice guy but
god almighty as he will he makes me look like a like a child like an infant WQIM aola yeah
on Neil yes sir should I start Chris Chambers and my fantasy team this week yeah start as a matter
of fact I'm glad that you mentioned it you want to know why you want me to answer the question
I thought you were talking about Carla yeah oh he does know Chris see judges in no
Chris I don't or fantasy uh but see this other thing people are in these fantasy leagues I have
that's all about fantasy football you're not involved in that are you Josh I sure as hell hope I
have played fantasy football I didn't do it this year in other words you be formed you got over it
no fantasy football is actually kind of cool it's just like me with that my space I was off of it
for about five minutes now I'm back on it I don't hear any knock on the door yet oh yeah I only wish
why just would like to get that over with don't you hate that so I like dial my fris is so great
you give them to our window when you're gonna be sitting on your ass watching TV and you're gonna
be home and then they deliver that to our window I mean 10 30 to two that's a pretty broad you know
I could be out in about doing stuff right now could I I guess not so it worked out just perfect see
when I good the timing on your part whatever oh there's new from the makers of head I'm getting a
headache from the whole damn thing when you come right down the way I really am I'm getting a pounding
throbbing headache 5 6 7 0 5 6 and it's clammy in here too I think just before you croak it gets
real clammy or that's just because it's cloudy and tomorrow starts wintertime oh it is going to be
chilly here tomorrow I'm gonna wish I was there well not really you think I wish that I was there
no no it would it would take like 15 feet of snow and about minus 82 for me to wish that was
there it's already it's like 59 degrees here although it's very murky and cloudy and it's
they're going to be dripping later on and then maybe some snow and freezing rain later on
freezing rain a high tomorrow 40 in the high and Saturday of 36 and a high on Saturday of 0
a Celsius 32 Fahrenheit a high which you can relate to mm-hmm how do you like that so when
is coming start tomorrow so we better enjoy today I better get out of here right now an area of
higher leopark racetrack once designated as historic by the city's historic preservation
board will no longer be considered as such after the sea council voted unanimously to take away
the historic billing the measure was approved to allow the demolition of the horse stable section
of the 200 acre park mayor Julio Robina said hurricanes and turmites have damaged the more than
60-year-old wooden structures he argued that the structures were an ice or a need to be cleared
put it up bomb a grand day over there in a higher leopark that's a good idea in fact maybe
just over all a higher leopards whenever you're really even better our friends in high leopards will
give you like advanced warning so you can step into the limbo rocket the tea room in jc pennies
they're in westland oh those those people man yeah you know the crowd I'm talking about your
people your people no your people that's a great club you more and you know what they're doing at
westland you're looking for glory hole that's right anyway but residents on hand voice concerned
to take away the historic classification of the horse tables at the highly effacing palm avenue
thirty second street would pave the way for development rather than preservation of the historic
park which once welcome presidents and foreign dignitaries for horse races well it's a long time
ago talk about living in the past I hope this is not the first footboard to bring it in by the way
speak of that highly a park yeah remember that campaign I think you were sure working that
poem when called or was running opposite highly and they were like trying to stay in business highly
etc and I took their side of course because I don't know why and uh Vilcaldor and I were out there
at highly and we're trying to get people to come there in our audience I'll never forget one day
I go I don't want to go into it it brings me right back to where I was before you know I'm just
not going to do that no more some old fag getting all emotional about some you know young straight guy
you just can't do that anymore it's a bad mistake that some of us make over an over an over again
and get all emotional there were some really hot young guy there at highly and I even even to this
day do how many years ago it's about a hundred years ago I still remember right now I have a
retention in my mind for a pretty face like you wouldn't believe and I'm sure you do too yeah I'm
just not the same faces that's right I hope this isn't the first foot forward to bring in big
developers to that property resident my mille Herrera set up the Tuesday night meeting
highly a park racetrack owned by the anxious the marginal john brunetti has experienced
defevilies after losing its state license so his horse races the racetrack has noted a full season
since may of 2001 causing the practical vacant and beyond kinton appearance in the past robaena
has listed the park as a possibility for a new baseball stadium for the Florida marlins but yesterday
said the purpose beyond the council's action was not related to the prospective stadium deal
with the development deals and that's a damn good thing because of anybody thinks that people are
going to go to highly at a wash baseball or race or anything they're dreaming am I right right
living in a dream world man living in the past the distant past you can't you can't go back
does not what they say can't go back that's what they say five six seven oh five six do you
I want to see these phones cranking or I'm just laying on the floor waiting for that knock on the
door which we got about two and a half hours two hours and twelve minutes forty two minutes five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he got rise in singular rivals line probably the real
macho guys in our crowd are busy shaving their armpits right now I don't see any calls on the
board there was one flash which I was going to take I see none I see zero zipety new dog so maybe we'll
play L. Jolson for about 45 minutes till that the package shows up thank you what are you laughing
about good format w.a.m. hello okay that's it that's a memory of our call right there we want
the colors back the only you even out around today honey I thought you wish or I'll bring
your phone that audience the people that kept saying that must have a short memory a short memory
uh-huh well we'll see let's see how that pole is coming thousand four votes oh look at that it's
not even eleven o'clock we got a thousand four votes and you put that on your kind of delayed last
night that is a really nifty neat though whatever Rick Shaw's retiring when should Neil retire that's
our question today whenever he feels like it four ninety one never four hundred and five now see
you put those two together got eight nine percent seems like kind of a self-serving pool to me doesn't it
like kind of like you're bending over and looking your own behind it seems like an excuse for a
pole so that you know you got some safe a good one for the next day return now fifty four five point
three percent say retire now instantly we've even finished the show today okay boy it is
clammy in here you know and that's because it's like sixty degrees I better crack a window in a few
years you ought to return thirty five soon ten like maybe by about one fifteen and I hate this
pool only nine zero point eight percent number Joel Feinberg can easily and well relate to I
believe it oh here we go and you're right I know you're going to be right you're going to say
say I told you so who cares wqyam hello Neil God yes sir how you doing I'm doing great um two
things real quick one thing I love on your website uh is uh cartoon and I know there's no way
for you to track that but I was school past all the bedtime stories just because they're pretty
insightful but um didn't know if you'd uh sort about the new I'm not a Beatles little tired but they
got this new CD out called love yeah it's fantastic is it check it out well what what is it
there consistent I mean you know they're singing from the grave I mean what did they put on it
now they went back and as before George Harrison died and they um got the uh it's it was
they put on a short du Soleil show out in Vegas and so they set it up for that like uh it's a
really good Beatles mix man you know just when you thought there was nothing wrong
I hear another dead Russian from their proud mister Igor Gidar fell ill the after with the other guy
died there and they're poisoning them all over that that's a coincidence though and uh more
out in the Israelis are very good with poison they're very uh a lot of expertise I'm sorry go ahead
with the Beatles yes and uh more Josh and less George okay thanks more Josh and less George he
wants you Josh he's obviously a big fan seeing you wait now if you heard this a love thing this
beautiful love no I mean I know I like to be let's just fine love some of their stuff like the
white album was great mm-hmm not that old stuff on capital like your playing right there was
because most of it pretty marginal and some of the really weird old stuff like on swan records is
really cheesy and corny and uh sound like they recorded it through a strainer no that was not
the that old let's uh okay that's enough with a freaking Beatles already okay the Beatles if you
want to hear the Beatles turn out in rich or I hope they all the Beatles you want okay in his final days
that would be a good autobiography the final days of rich or I don't mean like final days as far
as in the planet I got a uh message on my space from rich or are you proud of that yeah
and I sent him back a message saying hey you old fart old geezer something like that because he's
older than I am he's about the only guy I know who's older than I am I mean there are a lot of
people who are older than me but I would know any of them you know what I mean by that mm-hmm
and I don't want to know old people if I want to know old people I go look into mirror now I was
thinking about the yesterday I'm sitting with mine I think about all those comments by me about the old
farts which I don't apologize for any of them because they were all active at the old farts in
South Florida but now I'm an old fart myself but never like those old farts you know is that
old fart choice oh god clear's the room in about two seconds and it will must be a
white fart wow people run they scatter they scatter after they think you splatter but does it matter
that really I don't know let's continue with the silly eyes probably don't get any fatter
and I better not 192 this morning I'm proud of it I'm skinny and proud one I'm for me that's
a pretty good number right now I'm gonna continue losing it and losing it and losing it until I look
just like Johnny Depp all right so I got a lot to lose I guess huh the turn what would be wrong
with looking like Johnny Depp and having his money okay I mean I got a little money but I'm like
a child's play compared to a guy like that I'm a piker compared to the big bus that Johnny Depp
has got can you even begin to imagine the kind of money that that punk has got they used to
sleep in his car in Miramar and it was on my show on Zeta you know you know that's got to be that
chick from homestead the one that's obsessed with Johnny Depp what's her name I don't know you
know who I'm talking about yeah obsessed the John was just to send us back to the bunch of
giant definitely she calls yesterday and like oh did you really have Johnny Depp on your show yeah
I did but it's like 20 years ago for quite a lot I mean 19 years the Zeta days and I notice I
don't get any my space stuff from that crowd from back then from all those data listers I don't
get any of that well nothing fast now the best what I don't I don't want it I don't want it okay
and what that you know it like complaining about what you don't get yeah why I said I noticed
I wasn't complaining about it not complaining about it Josh I said I noticed that they're not on
it kind of because yeah you're so full of crap man you know let me ask you let me look at my
bank thing here I have it I haven't gone through yet I got to go make a real quick phone call
I think I hear a knock on the door I stuck mine in there you know what you did wouldn't be the
first time either and the check to 10 55 at 5 60 WQ I'm kind of an incoherent Thursday and that's
because it's the last day of November November November November El Tranta how can you say
El Tranta but isn't that what how would you say that a lot Tranta day in November okay is that
how you'd say that in Espanol sure why not oh no what do I know well how do I don't know you
know nothing from my Espanol you're probably like it from a lot Republic of Dominican or something
like that yeah they don't speak Spanish there what do they speak Dominican Spanish Dominican I think
okay I think that's what the month speak is Dominican yeah that's right like Republic of Dominican
I just like saying that just the making it makes your mouth tingled you know like you're having some
kind of a sexual experience in your mouth I shouldn't have said that you're so sorry wouldn't
be the first time 10 56 at 5 60 WQ I am boze the company that pioneered noise reducing headphones
now offers you a choice new quiet comfort three acoustic noise canceling headphones for an
on-eared design or quiet comfort two headphones for an around ear fit each offers the on-mats
combination noise reduction audio performance and comfortable fit that you expect from boze use
them with your MP3 player your DVD player laptop even your home stereo or years now by calling
this tool free number 1 800 856 2073 they make a really great gift and join me more with a free MP3
player preloaded with music it's a fifty dollar value when you order by January 31 using to reduce
engine noise when you fly use them at work at home to enjoy music just about anywhere undisturbed
call 1 800 856 2073 to try them for 30 days risk free how many days
about 30 minutes about low monthly payments when you call to ultimate mobility magazines says
quiet comfort headphones have been the gold standard for years the choices yours the QC 2 for
an around ear fit or the new smaller on your QC 3 headphones whichever you like order today at
1 800 856 2073 and hear the difference that boze technology makes 1 800 856 2073
the biggest name of the best talent this is Leo Rogers for 205 60s you am
this is the new Roger Shell this is your volume any questions
this
box decided to pull the plug on all j
nobody wants to hear what he has to say
the book and the show were
you
just
This is the one we say,
Shall I go away?
I don't believe this ever clear the question
That the Jewish man is he who can't see
Maybe he will obvious men when he call off those two people's heads shut up
Oh, hey shut up
You had a bad day and two people died
The Jewish religion go but you really should have cried
You should have cried, been not one single sense
Because nobody can't as you can afford to pay rent
We all want to say,
Shall I go away?
This no way to spend with two to three years
So, I'm just shut up
Shut up, go away
Don't go away, man, I just go away
I don't hear any knock on the door yet
I want to be explaining when that happens
Like that because I put a note out there, not loud, you know
Because how the hell am I going to hear it?
You're not?
How do you know?
Just because I'm a what do you say?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, the Verizon singular wireless lines that are really nifty Thursday boys and girls
I don't know what's nifty about it but nevertheless we got three hours to go so that's not too unnifty is it?
No
30QAM, hello
My friend's name is Gustavo Medehi Dohan
I'm really happy to hear about it Julio
Get back out of the vananabal like I told you yesterday
Get back out of the vananabal and we hope you're drowned
We hope that the killer shark's give you
Hope that Shamu kicked your ass
Schmuck
My friend these days, my friend these days
I'm really happy for you, okay?
Good, win it down, don't worry about it
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, the Verizon singular wireless line
WQAM, hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
First of all, Joelson Rocks
Yeah, Joelson is a Althacocker who's a real rocker you're right
Neil, I was curious about something that about horse racing
If I could ask you really quickly I'm not a gambler I've never been well I've been to horse race once
People that enjoy horse racing, are there any people that actually enjoy the horse racing because of the horses?
Because of the beauty of them?
No bother
In fact I got it right here, I'll put it on, on my TV I got the Racing Network H-JTN or whatever you call it
I watch it all the time, I could open up an account and then gamble online or on the phone I guess that's how it works
I don't, I'd be broken if I did that, I have to be a crazy person but I enjoy watching them just because I love horse racing
And horse racing especially
There's this bunch of us
I asked this question to Hank and he called me basically everything but he did call me a pervert I think
Why is that?
And even after he hung up on it?
I enjoy gambling too but you know
I guess I'm not kidding he went on and on I mean I got it
They'll call him in the bitch him out about it don't be playing that games mister it's the same old stuff this is another reason with the calls
You know like a bunch of little kids in the sand like well I called Hank and he was going to call him back and bitch him out
Cussing out take it up with him I'm not going to be knocking the Humper right here how Humper's good people you know
He's like a hell of a job in the morning there but then who expected that?
Nobody expected any big number there in the morning he's not a morning guy for a crime out loud
When you wait 800 pounds and they have to get you out of bed with a crane how to how can you do an early morning show right?
Right exactly. That's what you said when you start with that Barbara starcraft you are so you are just relentless man
Once once you get going boy you just keep digging like with Mo for example with a checkered pants and with a
Bad to pay all of which was true in the Dingleberries or culture that's right driver Robert Bennett for his self desire with Brad Borg
Now there's Marty Adler wins a raceway Marty who kind of funfuses way but is a good guy good Jewish boy Marty Adler
He funfuses call of the track of every race but he's a good people and we call this that day and the Airboy was that boring?
Mm-hmm WQYM. Hello
Uncle Neil how's it going? You hear about the big concert I don't know how much interest you'd have in this but maybe George and some of his
Chronic out there some of his Ilkyah now in bulk of December 10
That will please that up Frank's boys playing his music with Steve I Terry Boseo should be a big zoo
Shake up
All right you hear that first that was coming back I think is what he said all right zombies out but yeah and guess what the first song is he's gonna sing?
I'm acting cool I got a cheer of either here once they help with my face but they'll do all the work and maybe later I'll be there
Oh I'm speaking to maybe our rapers so last night on your buddy show you know your old buddy with the suspenders in the bag
The hunchback of CNN anyway he had some it was the last night of the night before I don't know he had some chick on there who got raped he was the
Place kicker for Colorado was it I don't want to say the wrong university was the University of Colorado John?
Yes it was and she alleges that she got raped by one of the team members and this is a lot of back and she's written a book about it
Not she went to New Mexico and she's kicking her ass off there for her under Mexico and she's not getting raped in no mold how do you like that?
She was kind of I don't know I don't want to she kind of strange looking you know and of course you probably thinking right off the bed
Oh she's a football lady football player and that means she's a dyke you know you know what you're thinking?
Yeah I'm thinking of course that's what you're thinking because that's the way you guys think that's all you know from is this one's a dyke
like Rick Shaw once said about my show. The way you guys think what?
I don't care whether she's a dyke or not what differences it make to me she was the hottest thing going and she was a dyke
and you'd probably be happy but I don't want to see the videos. I want to go on you cheer see her doing us something you know
Whatever I'll give it a watch maybe she's in the carpet cleaning business maybe she doesn't have any.
1044 on the poll there 1044 votes man we are really off to the races today speaking of whatever this guy
you know I agree with his point but so Hank is the end of the gambling end of it okay Hank doesn't want to watch the races without plunging his guts out
he's a gambling kind of guy that's his bag man that's his big fat bag and if he doesn't watch it pretty soon he's going to be wearing a bag
God when I saw him on that breeder's cup day I thought I was going to scream at the TV
lose some weight you know lose announce I mean when you're like on the precipice of lyrgic exploding you know I mean you just lose
announces this show I mean he took up my whole 46 inch screen and then and then some my what is it to Shiba I don't even know what I got anymore
to to Shiba isn't okay I mean I stand so I was going to say sorry excuse me Sam song I don't know do you think I sit there looking at whatever the brand is on the thing it's a beautiful thing and especially in HD
which Josh can tell about that he won't buy that set but he'll think about in fact when you cast that check you could use that that would go a long way to buy and
George his Christmas gift would be a nice 52 inch Sam song yeah the LP you know that would be yeah I don't have my own Christmas gift that would be nice yeah that exactly
I'll be be a beautiful thing but nevertheless 5 6 7 0 5 60 come on let's keep these great calls going let's see how long the audience can keep it up
although we got this first the BBC reports that an anti smoking guru was helped millions of smokers kick the habit has died from guess what he died from cancer
long cancer his last words were I'm dying over here Alan Carr 72 I wonder if he's came to Joey Carr maybe he's into dining and dancing Alan Carr 72 quit his 100 a day I have a 23 year 0 hundred
faggot's a day even I can't have that I bet you would yeah if I could all depending what they look like yeah line him up outside the door and let me start
right now maybe there's that knock on the door oh what are they knocking with quit his 100 a day have a 23 years ago before going out to become a
millionaire by advising people how to stop smoking his books about the easy way method and become international best shoulders he ran clinics all over the
world when he was diagnosed with a disease Mister Car said he saw the list is a way to encourage more people to quit talking at the
time of his diagnosis Mister Car said since I stopped smoking more than 23 years ago I've been the happiest man in the world I still feel the same way
he's been told that he's cured at least 10 million smokers as a conservative estimate how do you like that Mister Car who died at his home near
Molliguy in Spain was diagnosed with an operable on cancer in the summer friend said it was possible that the years of he spent
curing smokers and smoke filled sessions at his clinics might have contributed to his illness although might
also be linked to his previous heavy smoking he was a heavy duty smoker don't do what I do do as I say and make me a lot of money
so I can die a horrible horrible death and they can have a long chew my throat we've all seen those things where people are so addicted to the nicotine that
even though they're dying from lung cancer on their deathbed and they have to pay chew so they can inhale the nicotine through the
tube special cigarette holder tube designed just for them in fact it's the FDR cigarette holder Mister Car himself was convinced he would have died many
years ago always if the appendix cigarette holder I'm not really sure what he's saying more
that's just merited he'll tell if he comes back Mister Car himself was convinced he would have died many years
earlier if he hadn't kicked the smoking habit he said given that I'm informed that I cured at least 10 million smokers even if that's the case
it's a price worth paying in other words he was willing to give his life so that others may live do we believe that no sounds good though
and that's on great yes sure winner like Jesus he was kind of like the Jesus of the smoking field he gave his own life
so that others could be cured and could be saved and go to smoking heaven where it's smoked free by the way in heaven
you think they're smoking in heaven yeah Marley is it's healthy to their he gave up a county to set up his first clinic in southwest London
1983 is since of 70 clinics in 30 countries how many 45,000 people last year his first book Alan Car's easy way to stop smoking has sold
more than 7 million copies celebrities have benefit from Mister Car's method includes Aranthony Hopkins and Sir Richard Branson guys with some serious bucks
John Dicey worldwide director Alan Car's easy way said the fact that a former hundred of days smoker having quit in his middle age lived at the right
fold ages 72 is a tremendous miss out massage to all smokers it's a massage the kind of what's his name wanted reverend to Ted
Alan Car's refreshingly different approach to stopping smoking random the position as the world's leading expert in helping smokers to quit
and but it be pitiful for them up and now he's dead from lung cancer it goes to show it in fact isn't that that's the legacy left behind
just like Dr. Bob Mackins his legacy was don't slip and fall in the icy sidewalk which we have that here tomorrow and it's a damn and I see how psychic I am
what did I pull out yesterday and don't get smart your radio your steel built by the tracks walker that you sent me walk confidently on packs
know what I this thing has been sitting over here on top of my old computer ever since you said it to me because I have a need for
it was just that one icy day right I like it more and now we got another one maybe coming tomorrow ice and snow traction baby
get some action and then get some traction you don't have to take them off
action is probably good to have a little traction
the biggest name of best talent this is me Rogers for 205 60
you am yeah one moment please one moment please he's hanging it
the worst
best talent is the big or land well to get a morning 5 a 7
or what you call it 60 Q a.m. were you drudge back in a balloon
yeah
why are we be as intensive as now
we had a quiet revolution but not like in the past
you have to get off your back
who would ask you to do that
now please restore our constant
crucial as we used to do
and give us our simple right back
now that we got rid of the neocon ground shirt
just the democrats manage it down and get to work
and now it's gonna be all right
all right now it's gonna be all right
administration's gonna spew gays
the free public is blue
and they made a statement around the world
you know you know you know you know you know
they made us all the royal school is like a big old building
a pale body of living with that
now get up all those are ends of our case green
you got it with beach to make the job complete
and if that's what gonna be all right
all right
all right
all right
all right
on time they'll say the governor fire which is now
if he's one of her president any chance no chance
no chance you know his big thing to famous he signed a law
that made English the official language in Iowa
how many uh... not in the English being except for those illegal
alien Mexicans or one of the Hershey highway
how many people uh... no speaking ways in Iowa
I like the morning I was more
uh... I wouldn't know you know you wouldn't maybe a couple
here's a fact your George hope this isn't repetitive
but you have to show his messed up in the archives
I beg your pardon
I guess it doesn't matter how many times we explain to those people that we have nothing to do with the internet stream
or can you suggest how I can slow down and fix the chipmunk speed
just enjoy the chipmunk so okay I've always did
and so did David Seville
he asked can you guys play the bit where we turn the rack over to the rackies
when I think uh... let's see is that called how will we uh... no rack
no what's it called
I don't know what it's called but it starts like uh... and now you know it's one of those
oh well I'm here no we can't because we don't know what it is right
thanks again you guys are the best which we say yes we are
yes we are we are absolutely are
and we don't know nothing about the internet streaming
we got no control over that and leave us alone already
and I'm waiting for that knock on the door
and I'm uh... distracted because I was busy reading and responding when the email
which is one probably the most important thing of my life
well not the most important eating eating an email
I'm chewing in fact I'm chewing my cut on it right now
uh... in 17th well at least uh... you know it was uh... indicated that
it wasn't a total waste of time take back what I said before me ago you're the best
just leave me alone
Rick Shaw's retiring when should near retire we had a thousand seventy three votes
man we are cooking with gasoline man we're cooking with vaseline careful
where your stick it whenever he feels like at five sixteen forty eight percent
retire whenever the hell of mood strikes you you will fart you old goat
never form forty two put those two together you got a real kissy kissy man
eighty and nine point one percent is that impressive or what now you're not
impressed by anything even your impressed by that huh
now we should retire right now fifty eight that's down to five point four percent
boy if we can get that down having around the five percent of i'm going to feel
really good about it won't I know i don't i could care less
why do people say that by the way i could care less
i couldn't care less that's that's right you're right
for one say do for once in my life see George finally agree with me once on one
thing i find out some right but everybody says i could care less well what what
does that mean somebody said it and it got on or somebody will say i did so
and so and then somebody said oh well so didn't i so didn't i or so didn't
so you know what what is that for once in my life it's steve you wonder on
Motown baby cranking it out over here steve right over here no not that way
turn your head okay see that Ricky i can do those talk ups man i'm going on magic
i'm going to crank out the oldies baby i'm going to show that Ricky tiki
Shaw thing or two after a hundred years on a year he's he's good people but
anyway started to say before and then you interrupted me with all the other
cock right now i can start reading that the very important email which i found
some astonishing things in her by the way some pretty interesting stuff wow
is all i can say but nevertheless i'm not going through that on the area it's a
bad idea what was i going to say all about once his name i think we're talking about
people who say stupid crap no that's not what i can i could care less than you
were going to know that's not what i was saying at all nothing at all like that
and here's not me okay five point four percent say retire well i'm going to go
to the door any second and you hear that jose music and if it's the different
package if it's in make man with ten million dollars then i will retire if
somebody want to write me a check right now for about five million i'd say okay see
i mean i got a couple of bucks stashed away believe you me believe me when i
tell you but then again when you got to support the whole universe you know you
don't have to because of the fact that i'm such a wonderful guy as you know
in spite of the image that people see people project an image on you like
you're really a hard-ass and you're you're a real bastard and stuff like that
you know what i happen to be probably one of the nicest people who was ever born
ask me and i'll say nice person i know
haha haha haha haha i notice josh it in chiming in there yes i am
he ought to be because he didn't catch that check yet you're very nice yeah nice
nice than most people think but it's a radio show it's a radio and i don't know get
too carried away okay not my types we don't worry about it but i'm not worried
not on your life based looking at your future but you're the other top okay here we go
here we go starting with my ice cream listen i got the people that i'm like obsessed
with in case you haven't noticed and they know it and that's fun it's part of the
fun of life that's right i'm sure it would say it's cute like those radio
quintages that disappeared you just climbed Jacob flatter i would like to but
that's beside the point and gonna happen when you stop with this crap already
please well i didn't see that movie tonight i was a really straight right twice to see
that movie i'm really glad somebody ruined it for me well now what was it about
i know i seen it he's dead no what was it about that's it i just told you no
seriously what was the movie about who's he and it's it's Tim robins in a convoluted
bunch of visions and you don't know what's going on and at the end you realize
that he's dead that's why you don't know what's going on at any point now that
they can use time and i'm Jacob's ladder Tim robins oh well is he bobbin with robin
from that i see more why sure was your head ability to put that stuff back on
here but i don't i don't want to have fixed it come up here and posky around my
equipment you notice how well it works and i don't have any pos here where the mic
doesn't go on and off and stuff like that work out and like that yeah i don't have that
and you want to know why because there's nobody here to screw around with the equipment
that's the main reason why everything here stays in such p-mo condition is that
it's a beautiful little studio which i wish some day i said you a picture of i
have that camera in there that digital camera yeah you know that we have the
my space page i could probably start putting stuff on there now that we have that
right as if having your own website wasn't enough of a reason yes now you have
my space well what do we want to put it on our website for
listen i told you say this picture is virtual screen our website is very
intellectuals who want to see naked pictures of Brady Quinn and stuff like that
and a bunch of boobies on it no the boobies are one of my space page we got the
sliding boobies the slideshow and of course on the phone we got many boobies but
that's beside the point and you know what who cares right right who cares so what
if that boys outselling anything he's busy punched me around with his
show that it's part of the course he's obsessed he's obsessed and if you
were fat as he isn't on a way out you probably find some of the hobby too five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a residence in your nervous line i
got to get back in the swing of the way i used to do this thing in other words
i'm not going to sit here and pump and hope for a lot of calls all day because that's
not going to happen they never could do that for years now once the phone died you
know they can't keep it up for four hours so i got my own personal pile here you
know there's nothing like having a personal pile i'm here any knock on the
door yet by the way it's eleven twenty five is almost eleven thirty or two
and a half hours for them to show up with a damn package
and and the damn part of it is i got to pay them sixty five dollars and fifty five
cents which thank god i got the right change sixty five fifty five for some crap
what is it say on this thing here what's the uh...
brokerage c.o.d. do well what is that mean brokerage c.o.d. my ass sixty five
dollars and fifty five cents wow yeah your mama the whole damn thing is only
cost on twenty five bucks for the machine mine i got to pay half that much for the
freaking plus you had the postage that was paid on it to send it here and you're
talking about the same thing was the damn a machine crying out loud that's the problem
you have with and the only reason i'm getting a discos i'm not don't have confidence in
these brothers fact machines these forty eight hundred they're good i like them
a lot but they died like the other one died you had that uh...
uh... error message number so-and-so call brother in the thrall this thing down the
toilet you know it's been it's been it's a need to we died that's right just like
him just like uh... richie what that was his name uh... richie lapelata richie
caron richie caron from real so right call the son of a well somebody put them
up to call them right now right about that i said uh... yeah
that the honey junior
which he didn't really say that in the movie my right that is correct get the
honey get the honey wants
it's a good point to get the junior honey
and uh... no doubt that junior get the honey
yeah
have a little uh...
honey in my uh... what was it was a little limit little limit little
fresh lemon squeezed by uh...
whatever they were drinking tea or anything whatever that's right
and then they started with a customer if you haven't seen fast so by the way
this weekend if you really boarded a
go out and rent or buyer steal fatso with on the reason and bankrupt wrote it
stars in it
and it's great
and especially if you're fat maybe it'll shock you back into a little sense
reality you know what i mean
but you know i'm a virgin death that's right
like the humper you need to sit down have a chat with that fat man i'm telling
you right now might be happen to the else is if you don't quit eating all that
crap you're gonna die
and he'll look at you in life as a son
he'll go just like that
that
that i'm dying on the head that
seriously he is bigger than some apartment complexes i've seen i in like in
pompano beach i i just can't believe it
he took up my entire screen and it was like sslop it over the edge
and that's your fault
i don't know who's fault that is that's the current this fault for sticking
his ass out there in the morning because you know when you're up
early in the morning then you got the rest of the day to do one thing you know
what that is
eat that's it eat and eat
mind your mind your mind
twenty seven after eleven at five sixty w two million or nothing is worse
this time of the year than go to the mall and fighting crazy people skip all
the holiday shopping madness if you need a new mattress by making one easy
call to dial a mattress at one eight hundred
mattress and don't forget it's dial a mattress is
thirty-a-th birthday
how do you like that
yeah i got the check
and
dial a
i'm obsessed with it
you know what's with me i have an obsessive personality
sorry
i'm obsessed about people
not to mention any of them just an obsessive kind of guy you go girl
it's dial a matter of i will thirty of birthday in a celebrate dial an
actress and sentence are offering the lowest price of the year on the best
selling sentence vd recipe low top it's like they bring a whole story call one
eight hundred mattress to get factory direct prices in order to service with
no nonsense
call by game time in a mattress to be delivered by the post game show even if you
know the sports nerd
with dial a mattress just choose the date and time you want your new mattress delivered
seven days a week from eight in the end of ten p.m. like i told you before even
the same day that you call
pick it to our window you don't have to sit around all day waiting and they show up
in that to our window
like ten to noon
two to four whatever the hell it is
and dial a mattress delivers when you want that's why dial a mattress is ranked
number one customer satisfaction
live in using for years and why everybody qm
uses dial a mattress on the web you'll find them at mattress dot com or just make
that one easy tool free call
one eight hundred m a t tr e s
re-bought the last s because it stands for stupendous
sensational saving
the biggest name of best talent
this is
the ruchus
force radio five sixty
you
and
dot
with
though
Solid
else
I've never quite heard it put that way before.
I like pizza, but the pizza here in South Florida is not all for me.
Doi doi doi.
Wow, this is quite a call we got on here.
I can take all the pizza and give it to me.
E-E-E-A, doi doi doi.
Now see here, I'm saying the pizza in Flavda is taro ball.
Anyone who says otherwise is wrong, g-g-g-g-g-g-g.
Yeah, well thank you for your real call, Morris.
Right here on the candy embosso.
Sure.
We'll be right back after this massage from mobile massage.
By the way, here you go again, pick it on a beer.
It's like a death night you've got for those poor guys.
Good guys and you're like racking on them.
Sorry about that.
You probably wrote that thing for a chicken egg.
I rehearsed it and I did that voice too.
20...
Oh, what are we going to do about that situation?
27 till noon at 5.60 W.C.M.
We got the Curtis for the Mandogger 2, and then the Humper for 3 hours.
Let a more cut of glasses off today, man.
You see, I lost back 4 pounds of blood just a couple of days.
What is it, 3 days?
I had ballooned up to Gargantuan.
I'm not going to mess around with that 200 level ever again.
Remember, I've been with you a long time ago.
I'm never going over 200 pounds again.
Good guy.
It's the last thing I can do a fat old dying guy better than me, man.
I want to, you know, and I should have the lesson of lanceter
should be sticking to my mind, shouldn't it?
Yes.
Isn't that what that stands for when you run line, you know,
L-O-L, lesson of lanceter?
Yes.
Right.
I should let that be a real lesson to me, you know, a guy with his kidneys
have gave out and his heart and has had a chop off part of his foot
and then he died.
Much, much prematurely.
And by the way, there's a classic example.
I mentioned this the other day.
I'll say it again of idiots out there, mean-spirited rotten people,
who after he the guy dies, they go and post comments on his blog.
They were like, I'm glad he's dead.
And you know, I like that stuff like that.
And his pro wife's got to read that crap.
Don't do it, Mary.
Shut that baby down.
Really?
God, please.
See, this business about people, and that's another thing.
After reading some of that swill on my space, that's the part that bothers me.
I mean, you know, I can communicate with whoever I want if they, you know,
if they pop up on there, like recently or whatever,
I can do that at my own whim.
But these comments from these wise-houtters out there like,
oh, I see, you know, falling to the, what was that thing about public opinion?
Caving to the printer.
Caving to the printer, the tide of public opinion, whatever my thing calls again.
I'll do whatever I want.
How do you like that, Schmuck?
Here's the guy that's probably making like 75 cents an hour, you know,
shoveling a horse crap at the track or something, and he's giving me a song to dance about,
um, caving into public opinion.
I'll do whatever I think makes the show listenable and good and fun for all of us, okay?
I like the bedtime stories, but it was a lot of work, man.
Sitting here, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, what is the door, I think?
No, not.
It's me banging on it.
Speaking of radio, move over Rush Limbaugh says,
John Burnon, what is this from?
I'm something I don't know.
Who don't even care his words from?
Anybody care where it's from?
Do you care?
Who's known Burn?
Some Schmuck that writes for Ross story, how do you like that?
Move over Rush Limbaugh and Schmuck, and Schmuck, and Schmuck, and Schmuck, and Schmuck,
for the flagship station.
Two radio insiders who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed the move, both characterized
the decision to move the Ed Schultz so from drive time to early afternoon, is one intended
to bolster a rapidly growing national audience.
Ed Schultz is kicking ass, baby, so we not only have to contend with Rush and with all the
other swirllets on there, which we kick their ass all the time, not on a regular basis,
but nobody writes about it, is now we got to put up with Ed Schultz, who sucks.
The decision to move Schultz to noontime Eastern could put another nigga on the coffin of
Air America, which filed for bankruptcy October 13.
A 2006 survey by Talkers Magazine pegged the Fargo Talkers listenership at 2.25 million,
tying Schultz at number 10 among radio host nation wide.
Air America's Al Franken ranked number 12 in the audience of 1.5 million.
These guys are talking to millions of people, and I'm sitting here, you know, did a lot
of my toenails in South Florida, in the land of the walking dead, but you know something
in no complaints.
Norma Kent's doing a heck of a job, especially talking about clearance in his cute ass,
you know, the important issues.
Limbaugh still dwarfs all liberal radio host and popularity with an estimated audience
of 13.5 million ditto heads idiots, morons.
According to the Talkers survey, down from 14.75 million in 2005, he's down a million.
You don't think it's those pills, do you?
Sean Hannity pulls in roughly 12.5 million, more lemons.
A spokesman for Schultz said he couldn't come out on the report but confirmed that a major
announcement was made on his show today.
Schultz is expected amounts to change on today's program, which they just got through
right in it, and now they're ready to get it, just to make me look bad.
It doesn't get much more raw than raw story.
I'll tell you that.
Of course some people like it raw, you know what I'm saying?
That's what I hear.
Like that.
What is that appetizer that raw beef, what are they calling?
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm talking French restaurants to have that.
And even raw, oh geez, geez Louise man.
I worked in a French restaurant, and I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, so what's that?
Well you worked in a French restaurant, did they give you any females?
Of course.
Are they still in business?
Yes, they are.
What happened?
Did you get fired?
I was in high school, I don't work there anymore.
What did you do?
You moved out of dishwasher?
I was a bus boy.
Oh, you were a bus boy?
Well, I'll be there in a French restaurant.
Then you got a job as a bus bench.
Now how about the S-car go?
Do you need any of them as snails?
Love the S-car go.
Sure bit.
Oh yeah, looks like some kind of a seed food delicacy, but it's not.
The edge Schultz show is owned by a product first to company held by former Clear Channel Executive
Randy Michaels.
Oh, that clown.
Oh my god.
Randy Michaels.
A maven in the radio industry.
Just ask him.
Product first president, Stuart Crane, first wife, vice president of ABC, was among those
who helped pivot limbo out of the national stage.
Schultz's chief competitor, Scare America, has threaded rocky water since its launch in
2004.
Since its inception, the privately owned company has lost more than $40 million, including
13 million this year along the corner of the network's bankruptcy filing.
Schultz's show also privately held as not to disclose profit figures.
I'm taking nothing.
Nobody ever lost money on this show.
So maybe the people over there at IOD, when they're owned by Cox Broadcasting.
And I say Cox will hoist them.
They couldn't make money with a halibus standing in the middle of Jerusalem for Kranor.
Well, that's how desperate those bastards are.
And the only thing they could do is they took all their stations and turned them into a
juu-box, speaking of Jerusalem.
That's all they know how to do is put on a juu-box, whether it was the coast or a hot 105.
And they're doing very well.
EDR, they bought that piece of crap.
They're jamming it.
I shouldn't be saying that because all the punks they want to hear that crap.
Another one here, Snoop Dogg.
Here about as late as bust.
Do you know we had a big bust?
That's what I heard from Arlene Drone.
You.
Yesterday.
All them drugs, man.
Snoop Dogg.
It's going to put him in real deep sorrows, deep do-do.
Let's see.
Rich Ross, retiring.
When should you ever tell me that now is up to 5.7%, 64 out of 1119.
Up to almost 6% retire.
Now, retire.
I'll think about it.
You know, I'm going to think about it very seriously.
If they don't come with that knock on the door pretty damn soon.
See, this is what, that's why, you know, the Dalmatian thing is so unusual.
Because they give you like a tour window.
I'm not doing another spot for them, but I'm just telling you.
And they actually show up in at two hours.
But here's this thing that gives you like between 1030 and 2.
I probably show up like a 15830, you know.
As I'm playing the final dying bit there, you know.
I final dying bit.
Would that be something if I died like in the middle of a bit, you know.
And never came back.
Now what though would you be something?
I'd play, uh, I'd play Manny.
Or maybe I should just play dead.
What do you mean you'd play Manny?
Manny what?
Manny from Kindle?
Play Manny from Al Jolson.
Oh, Manny, I think you said Manny.
Yeah, I'll play Manny from the morning show.
Peeps in Likwam.
Peda?
Yeah, random.
Peda?
How you doing?
I'm all right, darling.
How you doing?
I got that Manny fight, huh?
I got that Manny fight.
Why'd you get fired?
You have a critical ****.
Oh, it's too bad.
Why does Manny crank all the station?
What is his problem?
Because he can.
19 to aluminum 560 W to come speaking of restaurants.
It's lobster fest to be fried it through Sunday at the amazing
Animal Coast buffet.
But when you're just in the mood to shovel that food down,
the best Chinese buffet in South Florida has got three locations for you.
Sunrise, Pemberpies, and Sunny Oils, there's nothing like it.
Everything is crisp and fresh and delicious,
and there's enough food there to feed the Chinese army no less.
You think it's just a coincidence?
Of course not.
Over a hundred different items featured on the Animal Coast amazing buffet.
No raw meat, by the way.
What is that called?
Is that carpactu of beef is out that isn't Italy?
I don't know what it is.
Raw meat.
Ooh.
Six gourmet soups, New York steak, juicy and delicious grilled order,
and cooked, by the way, the Animal Coast is not raw.
Handcarb primary of sushi, traditional Asian dishes.
There's a salad bar and a sea of bar.
And the dessert bar is really spectacular.
Weekends feature the 40-inch mouthwatering chocolate fountain.
You can hand it all kinds of neat stuff in there, man.
It makes my mouth water just thinking about it.
You can hand it if your strawberry is marshmallows, cheesecake, other
decadent treats, and loads of milk chocolate for dessert.
A perfect ending to a big feast at the Animal Coast.
And don't forget, you'll never want a lot of there with a headache from the M.S.G.
Because they don't use any.
No crap, no cornstarch, no M.S.G.
Only healthy cholesterol, freaking oil oil,
and healthy ingredients go in anywhere.
And right now, when you go in as a party of four-ass for the Neal deal,
you get $5.60 set off through total checklist for paying adults.
Animal Coast opened for lunch and dinner for reservations called 954-572-3822.
When you're in the mood for a real feast, this is the place.
954-572-3822, don't forget, every day is a Neal deal.
They and every Friday through Sunday, it's lobster fest, back again,
at the Animal Coast Chinese buffet.
The biggest name, so best talent to the dishes, meal Rogers,
4th radio, 560-7.
I got your breasts, they're beautiful.
On Monday November 27, the interview that will shock the nation.
Come on, buy and stab two people like that,
it will probably cut my hand or something.
You can edit this, right?
Oh, Jasonson, right, did it.
Here's how it happened.
It's not like I grabbed a bunch of cars and got them the skies
and tried to go to Mexico.
Did I say that on loud?
The two nights' charade begins Monday November 27 only on Fox.
14th of the noon, beef tartar.
And of course, if we got to hear that from John from MacColumbia South Carolina,
is it like a host whoop and eye on that?
Well, I'm just trying to forget it.
I've had it not too long ago.
You have?
Yeah.
Beef tartar?
We had it.
Why?
We read a Hungarian restaurant and the Hungarian said, hey, try the beef tartar.
It's really good.
Jasongulash?
People at the table had Gulash.
I had some Guggen up.
Oh, gee, I love beef tartar.
I really hate it though.
It's got all noodles in it.
Right, but it was delicious.
It was soaring sky high.
To the moon, no less.
I had a little mustard dill sauce, which was great.
A little mustard on it.
Speaking of eating mustard, I don't know who this is by.
I just found this on the internet, which I better find everything on there I need at the moment
until I shut that baby down.
The guy's name who posted this Howard Chang.
And it says, what do I eat?
As if somebody really cares about what Howard eats, but he thinks the word wants to know.
And of course, I did because I was just looking up for steak tartar.
I just ruled it and I came across this rather bizarre thing.
He says the answer is relatively simple.
I would eat just about anything at least once.
Wow.
Nice shirt don't go along with that, but nevertheless.
The only things that I do not eat are things that my body cannot handle.
In general, I don't like things that are bitter, like certain vegetables, sour or too hot.
And see, I like sweet, hot and sour soup.
Don't you like that?
No.
That's one of the soups you'll find at the end of the coast.
Why don't you like hot and sour soup?
I don't like sweet and sour, hot and sour, things like that.
Well, too bad.
Then you shouldn't be working to queue them if you don't like sour.
Good point.
I'm willing to give just about anything at least one chance.
You see, in fact, I look forward to trying them.
I never refused to eat something simply because of the appearance.
I've never been grossed out by anything yet.
Buckley's mixture gets pretty close but can't call it food cany.
What is Buckley's mixture?
We don't want to know.
If this guy won't, I don't want to find out.
He says, my favorite food group is meat.
My favorite meat is lamb.
Oh, lamb.
Oh, lamb.
Gain me.
Gain me and slimy, baby.
Slimy.
Very good.
A little lamb.
You eat it.
No.
But I'm also very fond of beef duck.
Duck is also a gain me and slimy.
Although it's so...
No.
Creasy.
Chicken, pork, fish, all seafood, etc.
I have no problem eating in the edible parts of animals.
For example, tongue, liver, kidney and intestines, heart, brain, bone marrow, sweet bread, etc.
Oh, you've ate.
And this is the standard meat above.
Here's a non-exhaustive list of some exotic things I've tried.
Birds, emu, goose, ostrich, pigeon or quail.
This guy ate Dan Quail.
Animals that live on land, alligator, bison, carobood, deer, frog, goat, frog.
This guy went to Montreal, ate some frog.
Goat, horse, rabbit, snail, snake and worm.
Oh, this guy's eating worms for crying out loud.
Seafood, cuddle fish.
I don't even know what that is.
I've heard it before, but what is a cuddle fish?
It's a kind of squid.
It's a kind of little fish that you cuddle up with.
Squid, squid, squid.
Oh, hi, nice little fish.
Squid, ask.
Jellyfish.
Well, I've seen a few of those.
A lot of your octopus, EQ, cumber.
What is a CQ, cumber?
I don't want to know.
C. Urchin, shark, squid and turtle.
Oh, a turtle.
Like, myrtle, the turtle and this guy's eating my pet.
Yeah, I think when I was a little kid, I had like a little one.
There was little blue turtles like you buy in the pet story, you know?
Myrtle, the turtle.
And I don't think it was really dead, but we threw it in the garbage anyway.
We thought it was dead.
It just doesn't want to stick its head out for a while.
You know how that works, do you?
Yeah.
Insects, grasshopper, cricket, larvae, species unknown, scorpions.
And I'm always looking for new things to try, since this nerd.
He says, Chinese food, none of these are strange to me though.
Maybe considered strange by others.
Other were in old food.
Japanese, Korean, Malaysian, Singapore.
Since I grew up in Hong Kong, he says none of these are too unusual for me.
Hagus, Scottish.
I don't mind if I find it a bit bland.
Hagus is like intestines, isn't it?
That is correct with us.
That's kisky.
It's kisky's baby boy.
I do love my kisky.
But see, kisky's aren't kisky's in our intestines.
Kisky is like a vegetable thing in the middle of a...
The only intestine is the wrapping around the outer edge of it.
Correct.
It's flavored with the thingy.
What do we correct?
Some go a little garlic.
We went all through it during the show, Mr. Alzheimer's.
We went all through what kisky is and how it's flavored with beef.
You're here and I kisky's out there right now.
I'll tell you how it's got some meal.
What's that...
That...
That's right, that's right.
That's right, go over there.
I'm not crazy about that.
By the way, what do you want to say about that?
I like that.
Well, here's somewhere.
I don't know.
I like Las Vegas Cuban restaurants.
Thank you very much.
I saw a lot of carretta somewhere in either here or the airport or somewhere, maybe Montreal.
They got good restaurants in Montreal, but boy, you sure you want to put up with those frogs or those people.
And the Quebec Nation, man.
Quebec Nation, my ass.
Oh, beef tartar.
He says, I like raw beef.
When I first had in Paris and Paris, Josh, French restaurant in Paris, I guess I didn't have to go to a nice place and it wasn't that great.
I didn't go.
Since then, I've had beef tartar in Montreal twice.
They were quite good.
My row in Lefbridge also has good beef tartar.
In Montreal, I had a twice in Paris.
Sounds pretty French to me.
French restaurant.
Yeah, see, that's a punk like Josh.
He's a good kid, but he just got a big mouth and talks to what he doesn't know what he's talking about.
Which is fine.
We like that.
Yeah, because I worked there and they didn't have it.
And so they didn't have it.
Maybe it was a crappy French restaurant, okay?
Maybe that's why, you know, anyway, Balloute, Philippine.
What is Balloute?
Well, these are embryonated duck eggs that are hard boiled.
Hard boiled duck eggs.
You can see a baby duck in there.
It says, oh, that's bad.
Oh, that's bad.
Oh, right at lunchtime, you're doing this to us too.
People eat the craziest crusts.
It says, bones, feet, and beaks are crunching, giving you a very nice contrast and touch.
You can find these at the Asian supermarket in Lefbridge sometimes.
There's obviously some brick jackass.
Lefbridge.
Or is that Lefbridge, uh, could be Canadian too, Ontario?
Is this a guy from, I don't say.
Beef tongue.
One of my favorite parts of the cow.
Is there any part I don't like?
He says no.
If done right, very tender and extremely flavorful.
I think it absorbs flavor very well, tongue.
Wasn't your tongue supposed to absorb flavor very well?
It's the idea.
Fugu, which is blowfish.
Fugu.
Fugu, Fugu, Fugu.
I had this during my trip to Japan in 2005.
All the other things I've eaten are gross to some people.
Only because of what they think, but this one can be truly dangerous.
The fish has potent toxins.
They must be prepared properly.
Luckily, I'm still alive.
The texture of Fugu is quite firm both wrong and could.
Why have you had this?
Uh, no.
I know about it though.
He says the cooked ones have quite a bit taste, almost like Grupper.
Be a trooper and trisened Grupper.
No thanks.
That's a group of the short of me, man.
No thanks.
Thank you, how is that Grupper fingers?
Get out of here.
Grupper fingers my ass.
I bet they do.
In general, I don't like bitter or sour food.
He says other than that, the only category I'm not so keen on is desserts.
What a schmuck.
Yes you are right.
It's not the taste, but what desserts do to my body afterwards that drives me away from them?
Most desserts I made with unsurprisingly sugar.
And often contain dairy products and fruits.
They make me sick, he said.
I can eat a lot when it's something I like.
I like in general greasy, deep fried food very much, but I also like steak of most kinds of grilled meat.
Processed meat such as sausages, corn beef, bacon, etc.
Also some of my favorites.
In this, uh, simple eating.
And in terms of fast food, nothing beats KFC.
That's goes up until very recently they've been cooking it at the deep frying and at nasty, heavy, trans fat crack.
And that's true.
I can eat it for lunch dinner and breakfast.
They used to have extra tasty crispy, formerly in Canada.
Yeah, let's bridge Ontario, must be what he's talking about.
Now what was it that they have in Let's Bridge?
He said something I don't want to try.
I don't even know where that is.
And I don't want to know.
He says, unfortunately, it seems that was the only one that ordered this stuff.
The only fried chicken, fried the chicken, ordered all the pre-cooked chicken with the original recipe.
They no longer sell it in Canada, probably because of a lack of customers.
And on it goes.
Ah, and on.
Here, we need anything.
I know some guys like that.
1156 votes on our poll.
We're going to spur some really sensational calls to the incase you missed it.
You hear any of them?
Yeah.
No.
1156.
What do we got so far?
Rick Shaw announced his retirement on Tuesday.
See, it said Rick Shaw is retiring.
Oh, that's right.
So we're going to correctly retire him like after the first of the year.
Whatever Bob Hamlin says, get out of already.
Take your cap and get lost.
No, but I'll probably give him like a big send off, wouldn't you think?
Just like we get here at QA.
Right.
Big kiss on the ass.
Rick Shaw is retiring.
When should Neil retire?
Uh, whenever he feels like it, 554 or 47.4.9%.
That's Dan Whitey of folks.
God, it's enough to make me pleased as puncher.
Where the hell is that knock on the door of my damn facts machine?
I heard my package.
I think they're jerking you around.
Never, 475.
Never should retire.
41%.
Never.
Just keep going until you croak right there, man.
We'd love to hear that.
Now we should return now 66 back up to 5.7%.
That's not a real good design.
That's your crowd.
They want to hear you.
And here's George.
Hey, in a few years, 40 soon, 11, like a sooner than later.
And I hate this poll.
Solamente D.H.E.
Soltanto D.H.E.
See, when you miss the languages like that, it's very confusing.
And I get the numbers in the whole dealer.
It is confusing to me.
It bothers me a lot.
The Spanish and Italian.
And what about the frog?
How do you say 10 in French?
You have the most convoluted numeric of this world.
You're in the world.
I say, I don't know.
Seth Greenberg.
Seth Greenberg is going to be on.
All right.
We got several segments with Seth.
We don't know what he does, but at least he's Jewish.
The biggest name.
So best talents to the business.
Real Rodgers.
42560.
You A.M.
This is Dick Cheney.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil
Rodgers welcome one hour.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Yo Yo he.
If you're on the verge of going to jail, coming to jail, here's a foolproof plan that will never fail.
Don't get in as God and say you love way.
If you get in trouble, say you're gay.
Get out, be gay.
The empty area, when you're not through the press.
You're free.
You've been training in a dress.
Be surprised.
You like God.
Never be honest.
I said don't work that way.
If you think something wrong just say you're gay.
If you get arrested for peddling loans,
that's a perfect high.
To say you like to.
Whistle some showtoons from your favorite way.
If you get in trouble, just say you're gay.
Just say you're gay.
So anyway, I'm gay.
1202 at 560.
That kind of like, it notculates me against any problems at all.
I'm sure you're getting murky here, man.
Getting dark and dark and murky.
I think that big storm is coming into big blow.
And you know what?
What?
That blows.
But it's a 59 degrees for quite a lot.
And it's going to be raining and sleet and snowing and freezing out.
Better get my cleats on.
Remember, cleat boy played third base for the anchors.
Cleat?
Like tourist boy.
Bob Geiger writes, and why do people say cleit tourist?
I mean, what kind of a moron says that?
I'm sorry, Joyce.
She has a real, she's nervous about that.
Is she?
Yeah.
This is, she's nervous about it.
In fact, that's probably why she farts so much, is because she's nervous.
Isn't that what they say about people that were nervous that they fart?
I've never had that problem.
Of course, I'm not a nervous person.
I'm a nervous wreck.
But that's because I work for this company in this business.
But I never really, I don't know, I'm not one of those people that nervous farts.
I fart a lot because I'm big and fat, you know, and old.
See, when you get older, you blow them out and you do it not even aware of it.
You're not even trying.
You just hope that it's like, you know, yeah.
Yeah.
It's what you think it's going to be.
Bob Gagger says, day 1900, no Osama.
When I can start getting back into reading some of these things, well, I feel like I can mix
and match, you know what I'm saying?
Because it's not like there's any cause on the board right now.
Although once the delay catches up, it'll be, it'll be smoking, baby.
It'll be smoking.
I can't tell you what it's going to be smoking.
That guy who died when they were lung cancer, he'll tell you.
Bob Gagger says, I usually post a latest update to my Osama clock on Mondays, but I just wanted
to note that effective today, November 30th, it's been 1900 days since top talking George
W. Bush said he was smoke Osama bin Laden out of his hole and Neil and better alive.
In the massive universe of ways Bush has exploited our nation's tragedy on 9-11, few things
seem to have brought him more political capital with the American people in his swagger and
fake resolve to bring those who attacked us to justice.
He's going to bring him to justice and anybody with a brain knows for justice, we've got
to go see.
Don Koryon.
That's right.
Anybody with half a brain knows that, of course, that leaves you present enough.
Schmuck.
Anyway, he stood on the rubble of ground zero in New York City and said that bad guys would
hear us all soon and followed that a few days later by invoking imagery of the Old West
and saying he would get us some bin Laden dead or alive.
Of course, just six months later that resolve was gone and Bush Langley said to reporters
that bin Laden just wasn't that important.
I don't know where he is, said our iron-willed macho man.
You know, I just don't spend that much time on him, be honest with you, he said.
We can tell because we sit here at day 1900 and have been live and running free and continuing
the podcast periodic threats to our country.
It's time to be focused on our global fight against terrorism, Senator Russ Finegold
to remember the Senate Intelligence Committee said in June, we must move away from the
rec-centric policies that are draining our resources and focus on how kind and affiliates
are reportedly operating in some 60- to 80 countries around the world.
You should live so long, Russ.
A good way to start might be for us to actually mad the guy we promised to get five years
ago.
I work in New York City where Bush made his bullet claims and continue that while New
Yorkers love tough talk, they have little respect for people who can't back it up.
So you're all Mr. Bush, we're in the house of Osama.
Hey, yo Bush, just like you said, a Tony Blair, remember that when he was a Chinese
cut?
A redneck from Texas, some kind of a Yahoo redneck, Chong and Chou with his mouth open,
like some kind of a clutz.
Of course, keep in mind, daddy's the one that like, kicked it all over the table with
a Japanese there.
Maybe daddy didn't like that sushi, you know?
It's possible.
Oh God, yeah.
You know, as much as I detest 50, I do eating sushi.
Oh, something that's stirring back at me.
Oh, not at all.
Brother, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, let's get a call segment in here.
Okay, let's kind of mix and match.
Do you think the audience can handle this?
No.
Can I keep up with me now?
That's a problem.
For a daughtering old fart like me, you guys just can't keep up.
Of course, the seven minute delay doesn't help.
5.5%, 66 per, what is it?
66 people.
We're tired.
Now, right now.
Before you finish this sentence, just like Howard Beale said, right in the middle of
that.
Remember that?
Of course.
And you can drive through, because he'll fall asleep by that point in the movie.
It turns it off right in the middle of that sentence.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the sentence.
Like that.
That's how I'm going to do it.
I'm going to go out like random in the, like that.
WQA, I'm hello.
WQA, I'm Ola.
How are you doing?
Nate, I was talking about getting nervous.
I just got out of a nervous hospital over in Canter.
And as I say, what he used to really make my stomach nervous was I'm Brent Strod,
Pater's biscuit.
Okay, good.
He got out of a nervous hospital.
Now you got to see Slim White.
He was doing Carl for Slim White.
What was he really?
I haven't seen Slim White.
Nervous, huh?
Slim White.
That was pretty cute.
Cute movie.
You got to have a nervous hospital?
A burn you a copy.
Did I have a nervous hospital in Slim White?
Yeah, he also said.
Bobo said two men are not laid together.
Nice.
1180 votes on the poll.
5670560, pond 560 on me for Ryzen and the Slim White line.
So a singular Ryzen line.
Slim White in my ass.
Okay, I'll go get the knife.
Get the rubber band.
WQA, I'm hello.
That's for Roy.
QA, I'm hello.
Remember the rubber band band?
I'll do.
Come here.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hello.
I was calling about the fan of QA football.
Isn't that something?
That guy, he's got that phone just keeps, he just keeps swallowing that baby.
He keeps going right down his throat.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, what's the old one under on this weekend thing?
88.
It's the great, it's the old 88.
I like that, schmuck.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, we're going to have to do it.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Good evening and top of the day.
Probably about a week ago.
Oh, there's a richer question with those donkey teeth.
Seems a little sucker's factory.
Oh, god.
Why don't you just run away?
He's the last person I ever want to see again.
Go ahead, sir.
A week or so, though, I probably would have voted to retire now only because you know,
you weren't taken call.
And the show was getting kind of...
Ponderous.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, with the reading of the news all day, you were starting to sound like a poor
beef.
Good day.
What?
You know, the thing that's funny about the calls isn't that the content is funny.
It's just that they're so bad, you know?
Right.
It's like a trade ring.
That your attempts are 99% of them are 99 to 99% percent of them are so lame.
That's why I'm doing the show and you're not.
That's why I'm making the big bucks and you're out there pushing a push card in central
park somewhere, selling the kishki.
Oh, I'll take some, by the way, for lunch.
I wish they all I could find a place to go with kishki.
I know that place that Rimmer took me that time, which is out in the Annem'sville, somewhere.
Why do you keep using these Yugoslavian words on here?
There ain't even no more Yugoslavia.
W.A.
Q.A.
M.
Q.A.
Hey, M.
How you doing, buddy?
Very good, excellent.
Hey, man.
Long, first time, long time.
I'm calling to get the thing in the meat.
The raw meat, isn't it steak tart tart?
Steak tart tart.
That's it.
All right, man.
You have a good afternoon.
Thanks a lot.
We only listened to it in like 20 minutes ago, but this guy's busy on the phone.
I want to go to the office.
Okay, just relax.
See, these things don't drop off under supposed to.
I hit the drop off thing 50 times.
Oh, my God.
Are we having a technical problem here on this end now?
Wouldn't that be bad and unusual, too?
I don't know.
How do we order a bit of that yesterday?
Steak tart tart.
Maybe that's why I'm puking my guts out.
W.A. Q.A. and hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Excellent.
You were mentioning like a redder.
There is one at Miami International Airport, then.
I wouldn't need to verify with you.
Well, why do you mean by that?
Why is that?
Well, I worked there.
Yeah, that's why I should not eat there.
Because you work there.
I don't want to hear some kind of crap you're going to come up with about how they got like, you know.
La Carretta.
He works there when they got like, yeah, you work there, my ass, okay?
You work there.
They wouldn't let it all lose it like you come within a hundred yards of La Carretta.
No, I'm talking about outside of there.
I've seen one.
I've seen one.
I can't let someone use replace it.
Maybe it was in Europe somewhere.
It was La Carretta.
I think it was.
Maybe it was in Amsterdam.
Oh, you sure don't want to eat there, either.
That's what I hear from you.
Oh, I'm sorry, but it's just anybody who tells you otherwise.
Just laugh at him.
Just look at him and just fall down on the floor and hold your size and laugh and giggle and act like some kind of a nitwit.
Act like you're having a spastic fit.
Because the food and Amsterdam rhymes with the fit.
It is inedible.
It's crap.
Oh, there's Maliki.
As they say.
Yeah, he's a clown.
1191 on there and 67 say, we're tired now.
So that's the only number we need to look at.
The rest are just lucky, lucky, kissy, kissy.
That's an important number, 5.6%, which fits right in when that queue 56.
See what all fits in together?
I've got you Joe Feinberg voted on that many times.
The biggest name.
So I'm saying Joe, fight your ass, or you jackass.
Force radio 560s, you A-M.
Rendolando el pollo para ac.
If you see a blown up car on the side of the road,
you know your deep in the heart of fire.
I'm right.
I'm right here.
We're heading down that danger in highway.
Try to dodge the bullets and get away.
I'm boiling and my skin away.
I'm running and I'm just making the whale.
And we're driving around back dead.
I'm right.
I got me a homie bird that thinks about 20 slow.
Hurry up and find that outbar.
How it ends?
I'm right.
It's a little place where in search of gifts together.
I'm right, baby.
In a bike rack.
In a bike rack.
Don't know.
We've got some action here.
In a bike rack.
In a bike rack.
1217, they got sore, sore, sore, and there, baby.
They make no mistake about it.
The Iraq attack and everybody is saying, well,
but a beep, but a boop, but what do we do now?
Nobody's got no answers.
Including the Democrats and anybody else.
But that's what happens when you're in a quagmire.
And I'm saying, well, kind of like us here at QAM.
We're in a quammire.
Oh, you can't take the G up.
In fact, if you put a G in there, wouldn't it be a quagmire?
I mean, what's spelled right?
QAGM, a quagmire.
A quagmire.
From 109 votes on the pull, man, we are really moving along.
We're just racking them up.
Big time.
Calls the phone is dead.
Now, why are we supposed to care what happens on the view?
I saw Tucker Carlson without the bow tie again last night on MSNBC.
And he was ranting and raving.
He's got some silly ass queen on there with him.
Why even Keith Olberman's got some queen from the village voice on there?
I don't know what the guy's name is.
I don't know what her name is.
Some screamer.
This is the new, uh, who was the one that started that?
Was I'm with King?
Started what?
This business of every, every one of these talking head shows has to have their resident queen entertainment reporter.
Whatever.
Oh, I don't know.
Probably entertainment tonight started that.
I don't know.
Whoever started it.
I ought to be shot.
But anyway, he's got this queen on there.
But I'll be better but I'm talking about the view.
Well, first of all, not one straight guy in the world watches the view.
I write about that.
You're right.
Absolutely.
In fact, the only people who watch the view are the ones you're always talking about.
The fat, shut-in, sure.
Trailer, trash, women.
Those are the ones that watch the freaking view.
But Boide sure made some heavy-duty crap about this and admittedly sloshed Danny DeVito.
Staggered out of the view yesterday, cracking jokes about having sex with his wife in the White House
and getting bleeped on the live show after calling President Bush Numbnuts.
He got bleeped.
Mm-hmm.
DeVito was promoting his new movie Deck the Halls, walked out of the show, said unsteadily,
and attributed the slurred speech to Somalmite Corousing with his pal George Clooney.
I knew it was the last seven lineman cellos.
What's the lineman cello?
I'm sorry?
It's some kind of a drink that we're going to give me.
Green lizards.
Whatever, hello.
What do I know about booze?
What's that, Josh?
You ought to be up here, Ali.
I have no idea.
I heard he said about the incident in LaCourie apparently quacked while if it's attacked
in Slimen Chullos.
But just two and a half hours earlier, DeVito was on Fox News channels, Fox and something
rather.
Have you been asleep yet Rosio Donald last him on the view?
I don't know DeVito answered.
Not really.
I'm going to wait a while and go to sleep.
Then the conversation turned to the White House.
Earlier in the show, Coast Elizabeth Hasselbeck said that she'd been invited to meet President Bush,
she offered her being O'Donnell's or guest.
I don't know if they would want me to go, Donald said.
Big left wing dite like that.
Those back influences, that's the way to go and disguise DeVito said.
You know what I mean?
It's really, really a cool place.
They built it really well.
He says the audience tittered nervously.
And there I was during Clinton's last day, which was really nice DeVito said.
The place had that kind of Clinton feeling, you know.
I didn't go to the White House after you know, NUMNUTs DeVito said, alluding to President Bush.
ABC Sencers bleak the phrase NUMNUTS.
But it was clear from reading DeVito's lips, that's what he said.
NUMNUTS.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
You're waking up aren't you, I still enjoy being a B-HAR, what's your name?
Joy B-HAR.
B-What?
B-HAR.
Peter then mocked the President outgoing defense secretary, Rumshtol with goofy facial expressions.
He talked out of the side of his mouth at one point, repeatedly banged his fist on his chin, three stooges style.
Oh, I think he was talking about mouth.
What is going on?
Trying to figure out what to do with our country and our women and men in the military, DeVito said, Donald, Donald, OK, what about that hat trick last week?
Rumshtol, the House and Senate.
Ta-da!
He stood in the conversation toward his stay in the White House's Lincoln bedroom with his wife, actress Rhea Proman.
I slept in the Lincoln bedroom with Rhea, he said, we went in and we made it our business to really direct the joint.
I mean, every place in that bedroom was utilized, or Donald said, utilized DeVito's scent.
You realize, in other words, they screwed their brains out on every piece of furniture, on the ceiling, on the wall, etc.
Good for them.
DeVito finished the segment by talking about his new movie, not his condition, but or Donald didn't let the issue go.
When the nice guest criminal mind-star Thomas Gibson walked out, she kissed him and said, nice to see your sober.
It's nice to be sober, he said.
DeVito will speak privately to view Denmark and Barbara Walters be forming any kind of a statement as fellow system Rosenfeld told the New York Post.
Rosenfeld also represents the also equally integrated, highly-operated George Clooney.
Who makes me nauseous?
If you didn't see Seriana, don't see it.
No waste of time.
No waste of money.
There's nothing to see.
You know, I mean, he had a thing in a lot of other flicks.
George Clooney didn't see in anything, like hopefully in jail somewhere, from personning a director.
I mean, that's such a piece of garbage.
What was the other really bad movie he made that I was just screaming about?
George Clooney?
Yeah.
The old boy.
There was another one.
But Seriana.
Oh, God.
I'll get back to you.
Oh, Seriana.
Good night and good luck.
Hey, man.
Edward Armoro is turning over in his rap.
He is, he is chain-smoking camels in his rap.
He's so pissed off about how bad that movie is.
And it was so highly touted.
Now, that makes me very reluctant to go see Bobby, you know.
And who's the one?
Oh, Emilio, as the bird used to say, Esther Vez.
He's the one that can talk to this thing, isn't he?
Emilio, Esther Vez, Bobby?
Okay.
Yes, he did.
Well, there's the phone.
It must be my package.
Play music.
Wow, boys and girls.
See, now I gotta go down and say that the guy is schlepping it up here again.
This is where we're gonna kill more time.
Now I gotta go downstairs, pay the guy to get the money, et cetera.
Really?
So, kill some time.
All right.
And interrupted my reading of this technical manual from my new computer over here.
Hp's the devil by the way.
What's gonna tell you to play that cramer, can't play?
Dude.
What a good idea.
And then he could go, huh?
Well, the better news is he's coming up, so I'll be around.
Oh, all right.
I'll be around.
Plank, I'll be around.
Oh, you wanna hear more?
But not yet.
I didn't know.
I should see where dancing to this here.
I get to lead.
You know, people wish that they lived in other periods, you know.
Really do that.
And stuff like that.
Yeah, a lot of times.
You know, fun times like when you could rape at will, you know.
It was carrying a sword, rape anybody wanted those kind of days.
Oh, and I know this was a vocal.
I've some joy of this.
And what year are we talking about right now?
This is 30s.
Vocal Brian gave me a double disc set called, about 30s.
Man, get it?
Get it?
Guess what it's from.
He was inspired by all that Edison music I was playing when we were doing the show.
So he gave me a whole bunch of stuff.
And remember the old cartoons that you used to watch when you were a little kid?
This is like all the background music came from this.
Which at least they found something to do with that.
This is tough.
Now you don't, like, your dad's like a normal dad stepdad.
They're normal human age people.
You weren't raised by his family.
He's still like up here yet.
Sorry about that dad.
So just played a break in no question.
Whatever you want to do to break.
Okay, I don't get a exit or anything.
Come on.
Fire off a cute boy.
I'm not going to fire off you right now.
You want to do the break while in that case.
The biggest name of the best talent in the thesis.
The O'Rodgers, the fourth radio, 560 U.A.M.
Origins, dumb as dirt.
Do you, Tom Cruise, take this former party of five cast member to have into hole?
Actually, I was on Dawson's Creek.
Whatever.
This whole wedding is just an exercise and shame was self-promotion anyway.
I do.
And do you, Katie Holmes, take this closeted action star to be your lovely wedding husband
till irreconcilable differences?
Do you park?
At this point, do I really have a choice?
Then by the power vested in me by El Ron Hubbard,
I now pronounce you fake man and wife.
You may now pretend to kiss the bride.
This pair of 30 and 560 WPM got my package.
What a day.
What a day.
I don't have to sit on pins and needles waiting for the door to pound.
Canadian delivery guy, like older, really ugly guy.
But nevertheless, nice guy, very polite, very efficient.
Shlup the package right up here, my fax machine.
65 out and 55 out of you like that.
What a rip off.
I'll tell you one thing, it saved me 100 bucks as a, you know,
if I would have missed a whole bunch of delivery and had to drive up to the UPS building way, way, way up in the end of the world.
Remember that time I had to do that for my blackberry?
That's right.
Wow.
That was a trip from hell.
I thought we were going like to the North Pole that day.
Pretty close.
U.S. band sale of iPods North 3.
Did I just mention my blackberry?
And here we are with a story about iPods.
I like that.
Got nothing to do with it.
The Bush administration wants North 3 as attention so like a scolding parent,
it's trying to make a tougher for that country's eccentric leaders to buy iPods.
What if they're talking about Kim Jong-il?
Yeah, that'll hurt them.
Yeah.
And I want Baldwin.
They're making a tougher for that country's eccentric leader to buy iPods,
plasma TVs, and segue electric scooters.
Well, how can we go on if we can't have our segways?
Oh, boy.
Have you ever seen anybody on a segway?
Sure.
We've had one for a toy for a while.
I mean, not at the house.
I mean, they made me wear a veilable.
We're here.
Here at the station they made one available and I was able to ride it around.
In fact, we've squashed it.
Oh.
You think I was going to let him on it?
The U.S. government's first ever ever teams.
The U.S. government's first ever ever to use trade sanctions could personally aggravate a foreign president
and expressly targets that it believed to be favored by Kim Jong-il and Iwak Baldwin,
or Matt Damon, or presented by him as a gift to the roughly 600 loyalist families who run the communist government.
You'll be very dismayed, by the way, and you better straighten your buddy Miguel out since you were running alongside all the good movies.
When he was on there filling in for you last week, even one of the day when he didn't know he was supposed to be working.
And we got in with conversation about a team of America world police.
He hasn't seen it.
Oh, my goodness.
And he said, oh, you mean the one with the puppets?
Remember that, John?
Yeah, no, we will.
Yeah, he's hurting.
I didn't know that. We'll have to remedy that ASAP.
How can a guy who is supposedly a hipster like Miguel, somebody his age, in his, you know, realm, not know what they'll be talking about,
team of America world police, one of the best movies of all time?
Well, he's married now, so his life is over anyway.
Oh, that's true.
You hear that, Josh? Trust me.
I don't even let it be a lesson to you and my other newfound friend.
Although evidently, he's this smart enough. He ain't getting that. And neither are you.
Kim Hoijen needed a secret nuclear weapons program, his other options for obtaining the high-end consumer electronics on the right of him.
He wants, but the listed proposed luxury sanctions obtained by the associated press,
aims to make Kim a swanky life a lot harder, no more cognac, no more Rolex watches, no more cigarettes, no more faggots,
artwork, expensive cars, Harley Davidson motorcycles, or even personal watercraft like jet skis.
The new bandwreth, standing in the musical instruments and sports equipment, the 5.3 Kim is an enthusiastic basketball fan.
Oh, yeah, he must play on stilts.
Then Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright presented him with a ball signed by Michael Jordan during a red diplomatic trip in 2000.
Albright, he kissed Michael Jordan's ball. Kim's former secretary widely believed to be his new wife, studied piano with the Pyongyang University of Music and Dance.
Experts said the sanctions ever been coordinated under the UN would be the first ever to curtail a specific category of goods,
not associated with military bills of her weapon designs, especially one so tailored to an Oya Fourn leader.
US officials acknowledged that enforcing the band on black market trading would be difficult.
In Beijing yesterday, US and North Korean on voice failed to reach an agreement on when to resume six party discernment negotiations on Kim's atomic weapons program,
Japanese Kyoto news agency said it unidentified people at the talks as saying that Kim demanded the US free sanctions on luxury goods, other items imposed after North Korea's first nuclear test on October 9.
The population, of course, in North Korea's impoverished and routinely suffers wide-scale food shortages.
The new trade ban would forbid US shipments there of Rolexes, French Konyak, plasma TVs, yachts, and more.
Autons favored by Kim, but untainable by the shluppers who live there.
Well, that's not the way it is in most countries, huh? The dictators, the big shots, they get all the crap and everybody else feel like a bunch of shluppers.
Unrealistic.
That's right. That's exactly correct. She's showing Bush on her and saying unrealistic.
I think that's a good word to describe him. Unrealistic and also unacceptable to describe the Bushmaster.
Unacceptable, Georgie. When a doubt gets out of the house.
Oh my god, we got two more years and almost two than years, because it's only the end of November.
A lot of paint that the November day.
How come I can't say that better than that?
Well, you can't say it at all, so why do I have to apologize? Not to me.
Once we start doing a show in bilingual baby, bilingual and bisexual, then we're going to take off like a rocket ship, like a rocket man.
What was it? A captain of Cody. Commander Cody.
Commander Cody in the, I wonder if it went in the Temple of Doom.
Now what was the name of that movie series?
Oh, and they're both the rocket man. He was rocket man, baby.
I'm telling you, they had that one day.
Huh?
Maybe I'll find it on here. I'm the movie, you'll want to know on a silver thing.
Silver chance.
This is, uh, Disney Heights and Darling Hearts would chest your conquim
one of the keystone comps.
Wow. Well, it fits right in with the Al Jolson crack you were playing before.
It's an old show for old people with an old host and George is getting ordered by the men.
And that's the way we like it?
Sure.
All the oldies all the time. It was good enough for Rick Shaw for a hundred years on the air.
It's good enough to keep us going for at least another week or two.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom 5, 60. Here's the fourth day of the calls being back and it's like, yeah, you know, slim and grim.
A little bit action over here. A little bit over there.
Not too heavy duty, you know.
In fact, I think the novelies already worn off, don't you?
Off of what?
Then the bloom is off the rose, rose. WQA M Hello.
You have more rooms, uh, maybe.
Last one WQA M Hello.
Hello, I'm Yolka Moury.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, listen. I saw a match for it long before you started pitching it.
But let me ask you something. What do you think?
How did they put together that the ring they found in the second cell house?
Norman Chris Killed.
How did they put together that ring?
You're really moving for everybody else for crying out loud.
I'm sorry about that.
Get out of here. I'm trying to get rid of you when I just dumped the call.
Good.
He didn't say anything sub-roser or anything like that.
He just, he just spoiled the end of a very good movie for you that we don't want to do.
Am I right?
Yeah.
In addition, which have he stood too stupid to figure that out?
You shouldn't have watched it in the first place.
There was nothing confusing about that movie.
There wasn't anything anymore confusing.
Then sticking your finger in a deep dark hole, okay, pal?
There was nothing confusing at all.
Well, that can be confusing.
Just pointed in and stick it.
That's all.
And wherever it winds up, just licking.
Like that guy from Lethbridge, whatever the hell is story is, the goofball is eating all the guts.
All that, the hangus.
Oh.
1245 votes on a pool.
How's that the return out doing?
Good.
70 up to 5.7%.
Excellent.
See, they think that's like a shot.
I think it is a great compliment.
Return out.
You didn't get lost.
Retire.
WQIAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay.
Good talking to you too, schmuck.
WQIAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey well, you know, you make one of your listeners happy if you die on the air because I mean,
do you die and answer your funeral?
Yeah.
Oh, that guy, that's great.
It'll be a, it'll be a, uh, quinoa, right?
Uh-huh.
I'm going to be creamed, baby.
There ain't going to be no funeral.
They're going to like burn my ashes.
And then they can like mix them with my two dogs ashes, you know?
That quite a cocktail.
And they can throw them right there.
It's a finished line.
It would bind them.
Or they can sprinkle them on my favorite machine, mine.
A good machine.
They can shake, they can, uh, smear some gold dust on a good machine.
Do they allow smoking in there?
No, they do not.
I see.
No, they do absolutely not.
It's too bad because then they could afford you into an astray right there.
Into an astray, is that what people are going to be trying to do?
Into an astray.
Where else would you pour some fat old ass into an astray, baby?
That's where our foreign, your ass joins.
Although I don't think we can find an astray big enough for it.
You hate full cell.
But let's not go back there again, okay?
Because I think we got her put in her place for the time being.
We got her ass come down.
Hateful, nasty, wicked, evil witch.
22 to 1 at 560 W.
Who have no forgiveness for the mad dog, two to four this afternoon.
And then the Humper is going to come along.
He's out there doing calisthenics right now.
He's running up and down 441.
And probably making a few pit stops like at Kentucky Fried.
Places like that.
Subcenter.
How you doing Chuck over there at the subcenter?
You think they listen over there on the corner across the street?
I see them almost every morning though.
You do?
You see Chuck?
I'm making the turn.
He's outside.
He's waiting for me because he recognized me in my beautiful Corvette.
He probably doesn't recognize you.
No, he's not even looking in that direction.
But why not?
Because he's over on the other corner doing stuff with the store.
He's working?
I am acting.
Oh, it's supposed to are some of our former salespeople who are busy or cranking and showing them in disguise working.
Yeah, they're working hours.
Oh, like a real person.
Hey, racing and poker fans, pompe-to-park racing and poker's got all the gambling action you want.
Whether it's first class nighttime horse racing or playing poker in their smoke-free card room with no long way time to play.
You can have yourself a fabulous time of great night out at pompe-to-park.
So come out and treat yourself when evening or gaming fun and excitement.
And now, pompe-to-park has added Mondays to its live racing and poker schedule.
So let me set on our high payoffs four nights a week.
Pompato Park features free admission and free general parking every day.
And now live harness racing in the poker room or whenever Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker gets underway noon and the live racing gets underway nightly, 7th, 25th and a PM.
Don't forget every Wednesday night.
It's down to night for draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more.
And every live racing that you can enjoy our primary buffet on the fourth floor for just 9.95.
But showing us your power player reward card.
Don't have a power player reward card then set up for free at the Park Place gift shop at the Grand Stand inference.
You can earn great rewards for betting on a races or playing poker in its free-to-join.
Pompato Park is also of course open every day for you seven days a nights a week with cymbal casting the best in harness.
Throw a bread high on action from all across North America, feed a watch and wade you on.
Plunge your lungs, baby. Look out for a breadcramer on the far outside. Hit him again, Brad. Up in a year.
Pompato Park is a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule called 9.5.4.
972.2000 or on the Wicked Web it's Pompato Park dot com.
The biggest name of the best talent to do this is wheel rogers for radio 560.
UAM.
Suck it in and hold it.
The federal government just learned about those people today.
On your wood-owing citizens and from both parties Brown offered no apology and mostly bring others for the debauchers that cost hundreds of runs.
Mike Brown.
There's no one left to blame I said Brownie.
You're the government shame I said Brownie.
The short careers up in blame there's no one.
I know who's more late in George Bush.
We better make them shut up before he says it was you who messed up you can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
I was entirely exposed.
This way to dumb to run the air.
Fee and eight some people died when he ran air.
Fee and eight.
Absolutely.
Now that everyone knows that you leadership votes you can go back to your part shows today.
Both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll.
That maybe because as long as he remains an administration official his testimony.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but it'll be pretty much about plus 45 at 560 every year.
There's also some goofy thing in my space about the mole and Moe is on with who we got Lamar Thomas is at his own Monday with our sports overdriven morning show.
Dolphins Monday.
Yeah, that's Lamar Thomas.
Lamar Thomas.
Keep up.
Tarell Buckley.
Yeah, I know who Tarell Buckley is.
He was a pretty weak when he played with it.
Who else did he play for?
He was pretty good for somebody else and he sucked with it.
But at any rate your Patriot.
That's right. Tarell Buckley was with the pay. Who else was with the Thai law?
And what's his name?
All these guys that we don't have anymore.
And they're still kicking ass.
Now let's see the Patriots and Alliance this week.
It's a girls team or plan.
Where's that game?
Is that a game in Foxboro?
I believe.
He told anybody.
It's actually a stadium man.
Detroit.
I think I don't know.
Does it make a difference?
Of course not.
And the Dolphins have a home game in Spiderman, which Alliance was building yesterday.
They got a home game against the Jacksonville J. U.R.s.
Who are very mysterious, man.
One week they're really good.
The next week they suck.
And then it's like most of the NFL.
It's mediocrity.
You know they got parody, which means mostly mediocre teams.
And then of course the Dolphins who really suck.
But they got four in a row, baby.
Yeah, you better jump on that Dolphin bandwagon.
Start pushing it.
No thanks.
You push it like pushing the entire old push cart in New York.
I think we'll all have to make a big trip to Europe to Amsterdam.
Do the show from over there.
And maybe we can get Bob Ramuth to go back and make an appearance there again too.
They left him right out of town again.
What a jackass.
He just left the poor engineer over there to pour a Dutch guy.
He just left him in the lurch and just got on a plane in Vamoost.
Remember that call we tried to take that day?
We had Rimmer calling?
Of course that was a mistake.
But remember that?
Yeah.
When I was trying to do the show for my studio in Amsterdam.
Wow.
It was kind of like.
Hey, Diel, can you hear me?
Hello.
It was kind of like that only even better.
From 169 votes on the poll, Rick Shaw has retiring a legend after 185 years in a business after,
what, 46 years in Miami, I think since 1960.
And Ricky Tiki announced on Tuesday and called us here on the show.
If you missed that call, you missed really something.
I could use it.
It was radio.
It was like the day I don't want to say it.
When I said it and I had that call, I was, I was sad.
It was sad.
The call was sad and the fact that he croaked is even sadder.
But nevertheless.
Now I tell you what the saddest thing is that he's still.
He's still had that desire to hear from the audience at the end of every month on his blog.
He would open it up for comments.
He's still had that need, you know.
And that was disturbing me.
I don't want to say it.
I didn't like Senator Mimeson saying, hey, cut the crap because it was his choice.
It was his choice.
Right.
He knew what the kind of crap he was going to get and what kind of goofballs are out there.
And on the one hand, you got the people kissing your ass.
And on the other hand, wow, you got what you deserve.
I hope you die.
I'll look at it.
You know, like that.
That's what you got out there.
Because it's Florida, baby.
This guy, this UPS delivery guy that just came, I know it's a very minor thing.
It's, you know, a sibling.
But he was so freaking polite, man.
You would have liked to put your guts out.
Should have taped me.
Kilted me.
I like to put it in.
You would have had to.
Should have tipped him after having to pay $65 and $55 cents to custom tape.
And a lot of them.
I know what you said.
I heard everything.
I'm deaf or something for Christ's sake.
Just because I'm old and feeble, I heard what you said.
Taped this.
Of course he did.
Taped it right to your ****.
Yeah.
Scroed.
From 71 votes.
It throw it rhymes with scroed.
Rick draws retiring.
What you need to retire.
Whatever the hell he even feels like.
And that's $542.47.3%.
That's obviously the only acceptable answer.
Who the hell are you people to be telling me when to retire?
Of course I asked the question.
But it was just a kill month of days.
What are you hell are you?
And that's a couple of good polls here.
What was that other one here?
Oh, I got it over here in the basket.
The one from Robbie.
He says, I tried.
No, I don't feel bad.
Robbie, it's a good one.
I like that.
It's a good poll.
And the other one doesn't have any money.
No.
Real men don't yaddy-addy-addy.
That's a good one.
So this, even if nothing else good happens, the next hour and eleven minutes has been a
banner day for me, my standby fax machine showed up here.
And the guy actually delivered it to my door in a big, big heavy duty bus.
It's a good thing I'd have to slip that up here.
Although, of course, we got these, you know, what do they call those things?
What do they call them?
Dullies.
Ah, we got these Dullies, baby.
Hand truck.
Well, kind of like that.
No, it's a Dullie.
Not a hand truck.
But whatever the hell they are.
So anyway, he sluts it right to my door.
So that happened.
Get out of the way.
A lot of stress.
I've changed emails with them when I have very favorite people in the world, even though
he doesn't realize it yet.
And I hope he doesn't.
Anyway, whatever.
Rich Shaws retiring.
One should kneel retire.
Whenever he feels like in 503, never 527.
A very close second.
Never retire.
Just keep going until they come up there and drag your ass out.
And they ain't come out of here.
I'll guarantee you that.
I'll have him stop to the border.
Any of these going from this company.
Now, retire now.
74.
That's up to 5.8%.
Retire!
Now.
And they're doing that just, you know, to stick it in there a little bit.
Like I care.
I wouldn't care if it was like 95% said, retire now.
I'll retire when I'm good and ready when I got enough money to like I go to woodbine
every day.
And then travel all over the freaking world, you know.
In a few years, 45 soon, 13, I hate this pool.
11.
Soon.
Like, what does soon mean?
I mean, I know I put it on there.
This is strictly my poll.
What does soon mean?
I don't know.
Like this weekend.
No, that sounds like good.
It sounds like a plan.
A plan of action, man.
I don't think so.
Santa Majority of the day.
We had this for you first in the world yesterday because I seen it there on CNN, so they
must have had a first thing by the day.
There's that bushload of tick and there's Maliki, you know, they had a postponement until
the day because they're trying to figure out what to do with it.
Bonnie Satter, whatever her name is, and we're Bonnie Tyler.
This is Bonnie Satter, her sister.
That's a crap.
All these schmata heads, baby.
Schmata heads gone wild.
You all got girls gone wild.
This is schmata heads gone wild.
And then there was actually somebody who was talking and this, this was most insane.
One of the talking heads, there was only 6,000 of every day.
They were going on about, well, if they put somebody back in power like Saddam Hussein,
he just went through this bizarre trial.
They're going to hang his ass and we went to, supposedly, all of this stuff was to get
him out of there in the first place, regime change and reference to mass destruction and
the fact that he was an evil doer in a threat to our society and the whole freaking world.
Oh, well, maybe they have to put him back in there, which means, of course, they should
let them alone in the first place.
Anybody would have a brain knows that.
He was our evil doer.
But what is kind of a religious fanatic?
You need an evil doer and they're to keep him all in line, keep him from killing each
other, from murder and mayhem.
That's the problem with these freaking ragheads, man.
They're out of control.
Ragheads gone wild.
I think the Pope had a point there when he came right down to it.
Oh, gee, you can't say that.
He had a point right at the tip of the show.
Oh, he was right, but who's he to talk?
Yeah, who now are you to be talking about religious fanatics killing other people, making
him an offer they can't refuse?
Who are you, Papa?
Huh?
I think we need an inquisition over there with a swish guard and you go in there and do
what for.
Maybe give him a nasty cup of tea.
Maybe the Russians need to come in there and show him, give him a little instruction
out of poison people.
They already poisoned one Pope not that long ago, but you're not supposed to talk about
that.
I just watched Godfather 3 instead.
I know it's a heavy price to pay.
I let you see where the bishop goes flying.
Oh, yeah.
The rest goes up in here.
You see that?
If you look at his foot, it's headed that movie so that all that, you know, he gets
the preacher stuff and then edit all the rest of it out.
A little time and wrath in there.
Yeah.
When he kept like that.
Get rid of all that soapy of business.
Yeah.
That post-nasal grip syndrome.
It's kind of a Jewish thing.
Of course, he was very Jewish.
It's a Jew thing.
I didn't post-nasal grip.
My uncle Heimann had that thing always like that.
Good guy, but they quite drive you nuts.
Hi.
Senator Majority Leader Bill Friss said yesterday he won't run for president.
We had that on the air.
As it happened, is it announcing a man ran out of the box and everybody said, what?
He will not run for president as if he had a chance.
Of course.
And of course this morning, who's the guy for Tom Bill sack for my own announce?
He wants to be the president.
You know, I want to be Ed McMahon and have 50 billion dollars in the bank too, but I'm
not.
He'll a high profile campaign drop up more than a year before the first convention delegates
are chosen.
In the Bible, he said, God tells us for everything there's a season and for me now, this
season of being elected officials come to a close.
He said, of course, he was a surgeon, people rendered politics in 1994.
That's why he was able to diagnose Terry and her by watching her on TV, remember that?
He said, all his balloons are moving.
He must be breathing that bitch or something like that.
He said he'll take us to medical from public life and return to his professional roots as
a healer and to refocus his creative energies on innovative solutions to seemingly insurmountable
challenges American face, which sounds like a lot of high fly and meaningless rhetoric
like a bunch of political double talk, pop up up up, a BB like that crap, El Crapo.
First announced when he first ran for the Senate and he retire after two terms.
Retired!
That's it.
Let's take a poll on some other people when they should retire.
Like George W. Bush.
No!
I bet you need to do better than that than I did.
His decision not to seek the White House thus can't say 12-year-old Stint in Electoral
Politics, which he rose from an underdog in his 1994, from an updog in 94 Senate campaign
to be positioned in majority later or maybe eight years later.
And of course, you own every election there's a dog.
Among the Republicans already exploring White House, bed now we know about that.
Why did they put this in here?
Like, Robots had children.
Okay, who now wrote this AP?
David Espo.
Good.
God Almighty.
Other potential GOP contenders include Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas.
God forbid.
Can you even begin to imagine that?
Rather Sam Brownback who's got like a swastika on his forehead and Chuck Hagerland Nebraska.
Chuck Hager's a pretty good guy.
I'm a pretty moderate guy.
Much too moderate to get the nomination just like Rudy Giuliani.
Governor George Pataki of New York and Mike, former governor because he's on the way
out because Elliott Spitzer is coming in.
He's the man in Dark Horse and Mike Huckabee of Arkansas and representative Duncan
on the California.
I'm trying to you right now.
A great ticket would be Barack Obama with Elliott Spitzer.
A Schwarzenegger would never be good.
Works for me.
Boy, you talk about swimming off stream.
But Democrats are good at doing that swimming upstream.
I think that's the thing.
I like Barack Obama a lot.
I'm telling you right now, I think he's got a certain thing.
You know what I mean?
He's got like a, he's got charisma.
Yeah, he does.
Bob I had charisma, you know?
That's right.
Bush has got the charisma of a dead man.
You can't complain about his charisma because he didn't have any.
I mean, there's one thing that he's got that we all know about.
Boy, does he have a lot of charisma?
But no charisma.
But Barack Obama has just got the, and of course you're saying, well, what does charisma
have to do with the, you know?
I mean, there's movie actors got charisma too.
Well, how about Arnold?
He's got that in our California.
He shouldn't have anything to do with it.
What else did he have going for?
Except he's married to one of the arcandities, you know?
By the way, you're going to go see Bobby, neither am I.
I don't want to see some fiction about Bobby Kennedy that doesn't have anything to do
with the reality about all the extra bullets that they found in the pantry, they're at the
ambassador hotel, and about who we really killed him, and about the, you know, let's get
a movie that tells us something about the truth for quite a lot instead of some romanticized
BS because the media as to as his daddy is Martin Machine.
You know what I'm saying?
From the shitty Alps.
I like Martin Machine, but you know enough with him already.
Although I'd say you one good thing about Martin Machine, you know what that is?
What's that?
He's not sure it's cluming.
The biggest name, the best talent to the thesis, Neil Rogers, Force Radio 560, SUAM.
Just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two
hour.
Hello, this is Albert Kaita from Tallet Van Records,
a fighting you American infidel to buy latest cat Stevens collection.
You know my homie is right, take your head off your body, got a machete with the real
sharp blade, how I wish I had an American hostage, make those in middle length.
I was so intruding this classic.
I was on the airplane, and suddenly was detained, their mac is I can bird, and where it's
now on my head.
I don't know, I don't know.
I'm in followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to funds terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
It wouldn't have been a fire or a Jew.
Find dark skin and a rag if you want a detainee.
I know the variation on a classic one.
I ask myself every day which American should pay.
Tell me who I knew how I'm slain.
I'm going to shoot you in the middle of a gun.
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
She lived her veil and exposed herself.
So buy New Catch Stevens collection today from 1995.
Or you can pay with free time mastercard or weapons of master drugs.
That's one of my old time favorites.
Not because of the bit itself, but just because of that phony Muslim ranting.
Which is all Indian man.
It's all Indian.
I think whoever the announcer was there had too much curry.
1305 on the pole.
1300 plus.
That's pretty damn good for an old apart like me.
I'll tell you right now.
We're plugging along.
Speaking of people who run for president or won't.
Guess who is?
I don't know, not Hillary.
Guess who is maybe who likes to eat his jelly at the deli then in Hollywood.
Oh, what's his clerk?
Wesley Clark said to think he wants to avoid waiting till too late to make a decision this year
whether to run for president.
Mistakey made his failed 2004 bid.
He said they didn't want you west.
It wasn't that you waited too long.
They didn't want you and they don't care for you.
You need a good Rubin sandwich.
That sounds really good for lunch though although I won't eat the bread.
I will eat the bread.
What's the big sentence?
It's the Rubin pill.
Huh?
Just eat the Rubin?
What does he look like?
I think it was clear that I got in too late last time the retired general in the former NATO commander told the A&P an interview.
I preferred law-blossed A&P myself.
And Wegmans.
Clark announced his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination September 2003.
Just four months before the first vote for a cast, he didn't have a China-Mins chance in a purgatory.
He dropped out of the race to the following February with his only victory in 14 caucuses and primaries coming in order to win the election.
Oklahoma.
And who now cares about a Democrat in Oklahoma, right?
Right.
Right.
Clark is considering running again but he said the late start was one of the mistakes he learned from his last attempt.
There was an inability to create a staff in a timely fashion Clark said.
I didn't have a campaign manager until the end of November.
I had no money.
I had no strategy when I started and I was gagging on that Rubin sandwich.
Plus he didn't even order the Kishki for a crime or a lot.
How did you get a panda of the old Jewish vote in South Florida when you don't even eat the Kishki?
Do we still have to who stole the Kishki or buy a who now did it?
I don't know.
The polka guy.
I'll look.
Who stole the Kishka?
So you didn't think there was such a thing in the chicken neck found it?
It's not in there.
I got it.
It was my only faith-based initiative.
He said it was one of several mistakes that if I were to run I hope I wouldn't repeat whatever that means.
His only faith-based initiative.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know what that means.
Clark said one factor that changes the number of candidates who have announced their intentions or formed exploratory campaigns.
The president's Frankie Ankivich on that.
Yes.
Frankie Ankivich is a Kishiancan and it's a who stole the Kishka?
A capital record I believe.
Maybe not.
Who cares?
Wait, I'll get you to the vocal?
I see you.
You stopped it because you thought that was it.
No, I stopped it because I thought that was enough.
Yeah, I want to hear a little of the vocal, man.
Who now wants to hear that?
I'm not a class.
1309 under Paul.
That's just fine.
Let me see if the phone is pretty modest.
I'll get to it.
See, you've got to find that balance, baby.
It's like trying to balance an elephant on your knee.
You know, it's not easy balance.
It's a very difficult balance, isn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Now it's not.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Good, sir.
I'm glad Sunsetnaal finally got around to writing about Rich All retiring.
Isn't that pathetic?
He announces it Tuesday morning.
The Harold is splashed it all over their website.
They haven't a paper yesterday.
And the Sunset will just discovered it this morning.
What about your losers?
I hope tomorrow they write about the Titanic sinking or Neil Armstrong landing on the moon.
They've Lincoln had a bad headache, too, don't forget.
Hey, I don't know if anyone told you.
I apologize if they did.
Game show network on Sunday night.
They had the match game, the real story behind the blank is what it was called.
Really?
Yeah, it was really good.
I had no idea that it was on in 1962.
And I had no idea that everyone had it.
Rich or Dawson, like, poisoned.
Yes, they did.
They could have been there.
They could have been there.
Huh?
They couldn't have been there.
He was an egocistical bastard.
And he thought he hated the fact on the show.
At the end, the winner would pick one of the panelists to match, remember?
And he thought that he would automatically should be him every time.
Because he was such a genius and such a superstar.
And it shouldn't be Brett or Charles Randall's other losers.
That's why they blew him off the show.
That's why they installed that wheel to spend.
So they had a chance to get to other people.
And on the first night on the show that they did that, it landed on Richard.
So they thought that was kind of funny.
But yeah, they hated him like poison.
And of course, don't forget when they hit family feud and they brought him back after Ray Comas blew his brains out.
And they brought Richard Dawson back.
He was like 400 pounds and sounded like he was drunk.
I heard that, sir, Ray said he sounded like he was drunk all the time.
He was like Dom Delewee.
Yeah.
Later on, but.
Yeah.
All the hurt Reynolds wasn't having dinners with him.
What do you think about hurt Reynolds and Dom Delewee?
Do you think there's like a little something there?
Maybe they're just close like Oprah and her friend Gail.
That's the honey tune, yeah.
Yeah.
Oprah instead, man, of course, that man's got a beard.
Sarah Soda almost since the time, wait, you got to hear this.
This is about Florida.
Can't hold an election and get it right.
Almost since the time the votes were tallied on election night and service.
So the race for Florida's 13th congressional district has been surrounded by a contentious mystery it says.
Why would there no votes for Congress recorded for more than 18,000 people who chose candidates.
And other races they ask.
The answer is sent to a lot more of the outcome in the election, which for now has been won by Republican Bernbue Cannon by a mere 369 votes and is in litigation.
But also to the continuing debates over where the electronic voting system is in use nationwide.
Can yield reliable tallies and recon.
And of course, the answer is.
No, of course not.
So far, there are three theories and lots of political and legal posturing.
Maybe a scores of voters have said there were glitches with the touchscreen systems and they drop votes.
Or maybe voters overlooked the congressional race simply because of a confusing ballot design.
Or maybe a some say an astoundingly high number of Sarasota County residents decided to forego voting in the high profile race,
which is for the seed being vacated by the anxious sub-noxious Catherine Harris here about her playing.
And who presented over Florida's election apparatus during the much disputed 2000 contest between Bush and Gore.
Tuesday, a state election officials in Saris, Sodor, Rana, Maka, lesson to test the machines for defects.
There were no clear answers.
By evening, as clerical workers input votes, no major problems were reported with the machines,
but the review will continue through the week.
Our analysis of the results shows that something went very wrong, said Kendall Coffee,
who never had a camera, a reporter or any of media outlet that he wasn't in love with,
and attorney for Buchanan's challenger, Christine Jennings.
He played out a significance of the test saying they didn't replicate the voting because the state clerical workers were presumably more adept at the machinery
than voters in general would be.
They were better with the machine, Mom. They knew how to operate a good machine.
Hayden Dempsey, an attorney who Buchanan said, there's nothing wrong with the machines as these test show.
I've actually rick riley voter for Buchanan, thought it was Pat.
Hey, Rick, you redneck. George hates you.
The essence of these updated spewterizers from the fact that once all the votes were counted in November 7th election,
a troubling anomaly appeared in the tally.
More than 18,000 people who had voted another contest didn't have selections recorded in congressional race.
The phenomenon of voter is casting ballots without making selections in every race known as under voting,
and happens in virtually every big election, especially in contest for election on orfuses that some voters ignore.
But here's the big but, okay?
Did he die or something or what?
No, wait.
Oh. But the magnitude of the under voting in the Buchanan Jennings race was starving about 15% of those who cast ballots in Sarasota.
That contrast was about 2.5% among voters in other counties.
15% count them in Sarasota, where I used to work at WSPV out there on City Island.
What a beautiful place.
Would like a lot of you think the people in Margator Older, the people in Boka, their grandparents live in Sarasota?
Good God, what an ancient place.
Jennings had filed a lawsuit alleging that thousands of Sarasota with county votes were not counted because of the pervasive malfunctioning of electronic voting machines.
The county tilts in her favor.
The broken machine theory is backed by two voting experts and scores of sworn statements from voters who had trouble with the machines coffee said they were bad machines mine.
Like several other ones that would buy.
The Sarasota hero tribune is reported that more than 100 reported problems with the machines.
But other experts who've analyzed the ballots and results argue that the culprit might not be the machines, but rather voters confused by a poorly designed ballot.
The congressional race appeared on the same screen as the gubernatorial contest, which had a brighter banner and took up more space and like big bright lights like, hey, here you go, here's Charlie Criss gate.
Ted Selkhr, the Massachusetts Institute Technology, director of the Caltech MIT voting technology project, said test in his library, shown that as many as 60% of voters can miss races when they're displayed in such a manner.
So, but a beef, but a loop, but I say they have a repo, which is what they're calling for.
Right, let's do it again.
Do it.
Do it again like the beach boys would say, do it again.
I know you got that. We keep playing that over.
Now, what's that that bit we got to do it again?
Oh, it's called Croubles again.
Oh, I love that. I only play that once I can about the last in a dog's age, speaking of sick as a dog.
Here's your vote automatically.
So, that just might be coming up right after the break.
You didn't realize that we were playing the boat at the same time.
You were playing what?
Do it again.
Because it was like in simultaneous, right?
Like a simultaneous orange gasm?
Wow.
Woo!
Almost having a sexual experience with it.
1328 votes on a pool.
And let's see, we're up to 6% retire now.
All right. We can get up to 90%.
All right.
Let me have a guy in my mouth and get on.
Roger.
4th radio, 560.
You A.M.
Florida Panthers hockey.
Drop that rock.
I'm so into the score!
I'm in the score!
And tonight, Guy co-presents the Panthers and the Santers from Scotiabane Place in Ottawa.
Cover starts at 7 p.m. with Panthers 3D treatment by G and Lexus.
On spool 3 you'll find the C.U.A.M.
Holy macken on!
This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs, and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God!
All right.
Here goes automatically.
Now you made it by your shooters at the G.O.P.
Then it be made in this time.
Don't let the last G.O.C.
Construence again.
The brother of the winner that's drawn in Toronto
Now it's got another magic.
Yes, we vote the this time. Don't let the last G.O.C.
The first room is a game.
Some will let us in. Let us in.
Those are staffers in.
The inside face in the mandat, you got given.
Let us set us up.
We don't need a game. Let us in.
Let us in. We might have been in.
Then go try and look for the winner.
And call the stars.
Find noise with a lot of fear.
Absolutely.
The truth is kill the rice boy.
The truth is kill the rice.
The bushes are pointed by the fire.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
The wind is blowing.
That was a great fit.
We need to play it a lot more all the time.
This is a reminder.
Okay, screw us again.
Stick it to us.
Keep fixing the elections.
Keep pretty machines.
The dye and over here bold machines.
You got to be pretty bold to dye like that.
The 36 votes on the poll.
The phone is a week.
That's a poll we could take every day.
The calls are back.
We can do that every day.
At least put the week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What I think is it's only Thursday.
New folks are already out of material.
All these moving portante things going on in the world.
Like we got the big storm coming this week in here.
Snow and sleigh.
I got to put on my tracks on my shoes.
Thank God for George for sending me in.
If you really think I'm putting those on, man, you must be dreaming.
What are these days?
Why?
What are these days?
It'll be really icy out there.
And if you're smart, you will.
And if I'm smart, I'll stay in.
Okay.
In fact, it's already...
What was it before I told you?
It was like 50 or something and it's already down to 41.
The temperature is dropping.
The rain is going to start.
That's going to become freezing rain.
Mixed with four reasons.
Snow and schmutz and stuff like that.
And you know what?
I'd still rather be here any day of the week.
I'd still be at snow up to my eyeballs.
And if it was minus 85 Fahrenheit, I'd still be making a difference to me.
That's how much I reviled the whole concept of being in Florida.
Reviled and grossed out by it, nauseated,
want to peep my guts out from it.
Not even just to mention that studio.
Oh, brother.
But nice to see all the Americans in progress in their thanks to your pen knife.
Some people I've been in, hell's George has a pen knife.
It's not a pen knife.
It's a jack knife.
Whatever the hell it is.
A rake jack.
Five.
Oh, boy.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
Pond five, sixty.
And they've arrived in a singular wireless lines.
Very weak action on the phone today.
You call this action.
Even a unit gets more action than this.
This is prophetic.
WQA and hello.
Not there.
See it.
It's like only one of the line flashing.
That's it.
We want the colors back.
Well, where the hell are they, man?
Where's their material?
And can it be felt?
WQA and hello.
Hey now.
How you doing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I just want to have my two cents in on the other collar said that.
I think more Josh and less Georgia's not as intelligent, but more responsive.
More responsive.
Yeah, when you talk to George, he's talking to him in the background.
Oh, yeah.
Lay a leg.
Lay a big egg.
You're already laid over one.
Lay a big one.
And sit on it.
See if he can hatch it.
Same old tire banana.
See that he wants to.
Josh, that's all he wants.
He wants to.
He wants to.
You can go back and get a color idea on it.
Maybe you guys can hook up a little later on.
Josh's cell phone number is 954.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
That's the number to reach him in.
And pound five, sixty.
I'm even rising.
Oh, now all of a sudden that delay caught up.
See how many delays we got, would you say?
About 30, man.
Because of the stern days we got delays.
We got delays up the old chute, baby.
Up the.
Chute.
Yes.
Unbelievable.
How many delays we got?
And it's, we got Tom to leave.
And let's stick the old.
Chute.
His button.
See how that works out.
And believe me, many of these colors.
That's where they belong.
WQAM.
Hello.
Now.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Hey.
A little.
A little.
A little tree here.
Hey, uh, is treaty Carlos still working a front desk there?
It's for Zino.
How do I know what I know?
I'm not in that building.
Thank God.
Is he still out there, guys?
Yeah, of course.
All right.
Well, that's how I was in there.
You know, uh, hey, well, yes, they was kind of, uh,
uh, wore me some tickets to the ballgame.
I'm coming in there to pick them up.
You know, that's how I was in there.
He was, you know, sizing me up there pretty good.
So.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Sounds like swishful thinking of me, sweetheart.
QAM.
Hey, Neil, have you thought about doing a power hour?
I mean, was, you know, someone or something?
No.
What do I need a power hour for?
What do you mean by that?
Don't you understand?
Don't you understand why they do that?
Uh, rating.
No.
They do it because they're both being paid to do three hours.
And there are only five hours in there.
How do you divide five by three and get two?
You don't.
So they have to do like three hours.
One of them has to be together.
That was the, I bailed them out on that.
I, I, I still want to come up with that idea.
What thought of I wanted to do a power hour with?
Who the hell do I get out of here?
Am I going to do a power hour?
I'm going to do a power shower, okay?
I'm going to stick the nozzle right in your...
SHOOT!
Get out of here.
What is with these people?
They have no material.
I think that guy on my Myspace thing, I think he had a point.
I would allow myself to be led by the nose by a public opinion.
Let's write down the garden path and by George,
who hated those bedtime stories like a, a passion.
That's right.
And by Josh, who just talks to Dan much.
Is that what the guy just said?
That's what he said.
What the hell was that all about?
Everybody knows their role on this show.
And everybody's a fine, wonderful job, except Miguel, of course,
who's busy doing Myspace.
And thank you very much for it, by the way.
Did I say that when I came on here this morning?
Yes, you did.
Hey, listen, you know me.
I'm an old emotional cripple, okay?
An old emotional fag.
I try to tell you, the media response, if you're like a...
That's right.
...wounded and hurt and like, you know, it's just a...
Like a puppy love, you know.
It's not most people's primary email address.
They check it whenever.
They're Myspace messages.
Yeah.
So, you know.
Hey, listen, I'm a pretty important important guy.
Yeah, to some of this.
Yeah, whatever you say.
It's just more of that fantasy.
What were we talking about yesterday?
The same thing about how much of our lives is like fantasy?
Mm-hmm.
See, I just don't understand when you're like in a shopping mall.
And you see somebody who looks really, really good.
You...
I can't just like put Alicia around in there and grab him and take him home
and they have your way with him.
What's the fun of time you could have?
Well, so what's wrong with that?
I think it's a good idea.
And they probably would enjoy it and have a good time on their face.
And grab him on.
We're talking about abusing them.
We're like, you know, well, sometimes they're not compliant.
Unless they want to be abused and apply them.
God, I just don't understand this world.
But then again, you do the best you can.
That's what you can do.
That's my motto in life.
Do the best you can, especially when you work for A-holes.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm gay.
Working, congratulations.
WDQAM, hello.
Well, that was Charlie Christ.
QAM, hello.
I need you.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I just wanted to tell George I missed him last week for Thanksgiving when he wasn't around.
I missed you too.
And I want you to.
She missed you last week for Thanksgiving when you weren't around.
How come I have two lines punched up?
Here, go ahead.
And thank you for being my my space friends.
I have you on my top friends list and it adds some credibility to my life.
Oh, okay.
And I really like to picture with the little glasses on it.
It's so adorable.
It is.
Isn't that cute?
The doctor often does picture.
Yeah, I love it.
It's better than the caricature.
Hello.
Okay.
You guys have a great day.
And you too.
Bye.
Okay, so I just knocked him both off of there.
Well, I think he had his moment in a sunshine.
Hello.
He had two lines punched up for some reason there.
He sounded way more interesting than him anyway.
Yeah, well, I'm sure she would because she wears a skirted dress on my back.
You got the right body part.
She's got booby.
That's right.
So, you're right, he's in some that interesting.
Hello.
She was bubbly.
She was fun.
And she was very nice.
What?
Why are you knocking the guy?
Maybe he had something really important to say.
I'm sure he didn't, but maybe he did.
Maybe the carter was going to turn his whole carter thing all around, you know?
Like, oh, you think the dolphins can run the table?
Yeah, run this.
I think the dolphins ought to hide under the tables, what I think.
I think any team that's got Joey Harrington and quarterback ought to be thinking very seriously
of thanking all the rest of the games and seeing the thing being destroyed out to get Brady Quinn.
Is that what you're thinking, Josh?
Not.
Josh doesn't care.
All he cares about is that maybe the bucks might win one more game before the season is out.
And I don't know what their schedule is, but boy, I wouldn't be, uh...
Now, who did play the...
Oh, that's right, the penguins this week, the...
The Steelers.
That's right, my name's Bobby.
That's right, my name's Bobby playing the freaking...
And by the way, the fact that Paul Staggerwald stabbed Mike Lang in the back in Pittsburgh
and got to TV gig in Mike who's doing a radio now, Paul Staggerwald blows, okay?
Let me just tell you that right now.
He couldn't lick Mike Lang's jockstrap.
He threw him.
He took the job for Fibelstie.
And here's Birdgate with him.
Well, it's got nothing to do with that game.
That's in San Jose, Minnesota.
Oh, who now wants to watch Minnesota, my God?
Never been to Minnesota.
A lot of Swedes.
There are a lot of anti-Semites.
Maybe that's why I never been there.
You ever been to a Minneapolis St. Paula Twin Cities?
Yes, I have.
And a beautiful area.
Clean, lots of lakes.
Oh, like Florida.
Beautiful areas just the wrong people.
Oh, that the people were very nice to me.
Were they very friendly?
Maybe like the Canadian people.
The Newy Gray laid back like the UPS guy.
Like to the movies.
So that he was so damn ugly and old.
27 past 1 at 5, 60 WDQM for over 20 years.
Miguel and Cesar at my release.
Mimilix Jewelers have been offering beautifully handcrafted
one of a kind designer jewelry.
Writing instruments and precision time pieces too.
Whether you're shopping for yourself or looking for a really great gift this holiday season.
Here is the answer for you.
Make a statement with something really special from Mimilix Jewelers.
Mimilix Jewelers has Italian jewelry from Domiani and Marco Bicego.
One of a kind designs from Elizabeth Taylor's House of Taylor Jewelry.
Designer jewelry from Kathy Ireland, Philippe Cherryole and Leslie Green.
Plus Mimilix Jewelers features one of the largest collections in the universe of
Brightling time pieces anywhere, including the Brightling for Bentley collection.
Brightling's been creating precision time pieces since way back in 1884
and now have the ideal time piece for you.
Visit Mimilix Jewelers at 67.55 Mainsvimimilix.
Exit northwest 67th Ave of the Palmetto.
Call 305-362-6446.
362-6446.
And they see your friends some fantastic holiday gift ideas at Mimilix Jewelers.
The biggest name of best talents to this is Mio Rogers,
4th radio 560-6-8-L.
Only in the Banana Republic baby. Only in Miami.
Here's Harry.
Oh Miami has the dolphins.
And here we go again.
Another losing season that's never gone and sure.
They never win, they never will.
And I will never know.
Vice-Portilla straight it picked them.
To win the Super Bowl in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
But it's you.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The same old story nothing new.
The Dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the fairy start.
I watched a Pittsburgh game.
And did you see the wimpy wave?
It's saving through that flag.
Standing on the sidelines.
He looked just like a fag in there.
The fair Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They're problems stick to them like glue.
The dolphins lost a buffalo and then he can't see.
It's only by sure what they pulled out of victory.
And then they played the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point pass play.
That fumbling on site kicked in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Old and no-marring.
It's no shoes.
But dolphins can't control the ball.
They're running.
Game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone up low.
A lead of that, you can be sure.
And when they lead the field so have the stench of common door.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the league?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of boo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
You'll stop!
But dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games watched in the Patriots and Jets.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
Ascasyntaylor and sectamus.
Which team is the worst in their safe?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell, 32?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're brewed.
Miami Dolphins.
I hear so damn negative, Neil.
Why can't you jump onto bandwagon?
They're going to win a Super Bowl and they're kicking ass in the saving areas back on track and yaddy-addy.
Anybody believe that?
No.
No, I don't need her.
I think they suck.
A new board baby boy was left this morning at a fire station in Lauderdale, according to police.
There you go, George.
There's a chance for a boy.
You have two girls who has a chance for a little boy.
I'm good.
Thanks.
The baby who appeared to be about just two days old was left about 634 in front of fire station number 14 at 791 Northwest 31st and police lieutenant Tundra King's head.
The station is run by the VSO Fire Rescue Department.
The baby was in good condition thanks God and wrapped in a blanket.
Well, maybe it was cold in there.
I'd like to warm it up in the microwave.
Just kidding now.
Just kidding.
Okay.
There he is being insensitive again.
He doesn't like Dolphins and he hates babies.
He's like WC freaking fields without the Estobi.
What do you think?
30 seconds.
No, I wish I could have a Stobi.
I love my Stobi.
I miss that.
But I quit him.
I quit smoking Stobi's man because it's put me in an early grave.
Now if I quit eating so much crap, although I do sit in that room in Sandwich Center really, really good.
Police contacted us and see how easy I am.
I'm just, I'm a wreck.
All my life, I've been so easily.
It's just like sales resistance.
I don't have any.
Like those infomercials I buy that stuff.
Luckily though lately, knock on wood.
But there's the knock on my door.
I've been buying some good stuff like that GT Express.
And I discovered that if you cook the omelettes long enough, the stuff doesn't stick in the O'Wells.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, well, well.
Doesn't stick in there.
I say, I've cooked them long enough, like 8, 8 and a half minutes.
Not a problem.
I'm an omelette man.
So what should I do?
Have an omelette for lunch or go to a restaurant and get a Rubens sandwich.
There's your problem.
They have an omelette.
Absolutely.
Keep my weight loss going in the right direction.
Because you know what Saturday is? It's WS.
Woodbind Saturday?
Yeah.
I'm glad that the parents or mom or dad took the child there, King said.
They wanted someone to find it safe.
And that's what appears to happen.
This was when the baby was taking the plantation general.
At least they didn't put in a trash can or a dumpster or something like that.
The parents were not face charges.
King said, under Florida's Safe Haven law, a parent can...
Well, what kind of a law is this?
A parent can honestly drop off a newborn within three days of birth
at any fire station or hospital without facing charges, as long as the child shows no sign of abuse.
But I wish you knew about that law, George.
I did.
You didn't know?
I don't make my problem.
Other people's problems.
It's just that other people make their problems.
Your problem's yeah well.
I shouldn't go the other way.
I have to wear a coat.
I take care of my baby if you didn't go the other way.
It would have been a different kind of life.
But not simply.
What's for me?
Works really well for me.
And my friend Jacob said he doesn't care.
He's open-minded, but not that open-minded.
1352 votes on the pool.
Rick Shaw is retiring.
By the way, the Sunsettled just discovered today that Rick Shaw is retiring.
And that President Lincoln's got a bad headache and president Garfield got shot.
Other than that, everything is hunky-dory.
Rick Shaw's retiring.
One should kneel retire.
It's a nifty pool.
The one for tomorrow.
And now which one should I use for tomorrow?
The one about real men don't throw a what?
In fact, tomorrow I think is George Rodriguez Friday, isn't it?
Oh yeah.
Now, when are we going to start that?
I think we're going to start that really soon.
One day through Thursday sounds like,
then it could be WF tomorrow.
WF?
Oh, Woodbine Friday.
Yeah.
Maybe I'll find me a good machine mine.
I think I got to start going to the five dollar machine.
There's a little.
Huh?
Well, you play longer on, well, I don't know how that works actually.
No, you play longer in the dollar machine.
That's correct.
The smaller the nomination, the longer you're going to play.
Although these quarter machines are the digital ones,
we can play like up to like 40 coins or whatever, like every time you're playing,
you play like 10 bucks.
You know, it's just crazy.
But it's only quarters.
Yeah, I see.
See, when you add up a whole bunch of quarters together,
it turns out to be like a serious amount of money.
But nevertheless, here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Rick Shaw's retiring.
When should kneel retire?
We're asking the audience as if we need to care what your opinion is.
And we don't.
Whenever he feels like it's 636, 47%.
Never 557.
We could never live without this show.
We don't want to call him and we don't want to like,
we don't can't stand those bedtime stories.
We just want to leave him there like in a catch 22.
And we hate him.
But no, that's right.
Never 557.
That's 41.1%.
You put those together.
You got like 88%.
What a self-serving rotten pool this is.
And if there's one thing I cannot stand it said,
kissy, kissy, kissy, all the pen and course on who's doing the kissy, kissy, kissy.
If I'm doing it, you know, somebody pretty damn good.
Now, let's see, now, retire right now, 80.5.9%.
It's bubbling under that 6% total.
It gets to 6% for it's really dangerous.
Then that means you've lost contact with your audience.
They want you out.
They want George on.
Now, an area I hate.
What are you laughing about?
You've got your followers out there.
Those living and breathing punks, you want to know where to buy some good weed?
I was, I did.
In a few years, 48, I hate this pool 18 only 1.3% and soon 16.
Whatever that is, 1.1% say we're gonna have to say it soon.
13.55.
Pretty good total on there.
All of the listeners online, they are way down.
Way down.
And you wonder why?
Because your calls have sucked today.
They haven't been a lot of number one.
And number two, the ones we put on here, most of them I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler and Joyce Fitch.
How do you like that?
Ooh, that's right.
That's the aim of that.
That's the aim of all.
Or George Bush.
I wouldn't wish him on Condom Plesa.
I wouldn't wish him on Heinrich Himmler, where the hell he is.
By the way, you see about that Russian guy got that, Ruski got poisoned again.
They're really good at that.
You know?
Yeah, they're.
Practice makes perfect.
I wonder if they're poisoning Josh's vodka.
The biggest name of the best talent to the business, me or Rogers, for 20 or 60, is UAM.
Forks for your radio is what the Q4 UAM.
That's the movie.
Forks are strange.
They're never happy.
They're never getting made.
That's a whole motor low.
ufu, ok.
Amiga Fitch.
But if it's a real idaka of the thing, causehetia is a byle custard, habituatorian,
old Businessman gets things off.
From there your life starts to oneway or you start to budgie all the time.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
No tricks.
No tricks.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
I'm a kid.
Oh, fantastic.
Well, Neil, you've got to play that.
I've got to play that.
I've got to play that.
I've got to play that.
I've got to play that.
I've got to play that.
That is absolutely correct.
That's pretty cool.
That's it.
That's it.
I thought we were going to know Thanksgiving.
That's pretty cool.
and Salah meditation speaking of Isle,
and one of Turkey's most famous mosques today,
in a drama, and it's chopped off.
The Potter's remarks linking violence and the teachings,
in a dramatic aftermath, I guess, in dramatic something.
About actually made those nasty,
but very true comments about the Prophet Muhammad,
and about that gutter religion of Islam,
and about all the violence and stuff, like Catholicism.
The proper company by Islam, at cleric,
bowed his head for nearly a minute
inside the 17th century blue mosque,
and only the second visit, as predecessor,
John Paul II visited a mosque in Syria in 2001.
The mosque visit was added to Benedict Schedgerl
as a sign of respect during his first
papal trip to a Muslim nation.
He removed his shoes, his little red shoes,
he took them off.
On his look, there's the old Pope.
Really more than 100 years, more than 150 years.
Are you watching that in CNN?
Muslim Christian in the mission field.
Did you see that?
He was like nodded off, he was like dying over there.
Is somebody, did you see that?
No, I didn't.
He was like, I don't know, past that.
That's hope.
Now that's the old one.
He's always the Islam on Islam.
He did one of his left-room on all over our Rome.
I tell you one thing, there's plenty of shluckers in Rome,
make no mistake about that.
I'd even actually at Rome,
a boy you would sure like it there.
Man, that is really someplace.
Whoa.
The Pope removed his shoes before entering the carpet
and expands into the mosque,
which is officially known as the Sultan Ahmed Mosque,
something or other.
But it's why they called a blue mosque
after it's delivered blue tiles.
The Pope has offered wide-ranging messages
of reconciliation to Muslims since arriving in Turkey
on Tuesday, including appeals for something
which has chopped off,
become the first Muslim nation in the European Union.
But Benedict has also said down his own demands
after a deeply symbolic display of unity
with the ecumenical patriarch Bartholomew I,
the spiritual leader of the world's Christian Orthodox.
I can't read it.
He said, the divisions among Christians
are a scandal to the world.
How do you like that?
A scandal to rule,
like all those Catholic priests molesting all those young boys,
a scandal to the world.
If anybody out-of-know-what scandal, it's El Papa.
The biggest name, so best.
El Papa.
This is Neil Rogers.
How long are you 5'60s?
You A-Mam.
It's day-
Oh, if I ever tell,
if you ever have 5'60s,
WQA.
It's been worked for my internship
at the Euridings and Dian.
And how?
Well, I don't want to show you what a fake ass
said I was for your hand.
How?
You said, don't you get quite somebody good enough
to fill my baggy pants?
It ain't easy.
There ain't no chance I'll have to be coming back.
I've tried to keep peddling a look
where it isn't comfortable.
If you want to know what it'll save you
from shutting that transmitted to ground,
you should.
Why, that's easy.
Sure.
What?
Oh, you need it, small.
What?
What?
Oh, you need it, small.
I'm out of that, boy.
Oh, you need it, the show.
It won't flow.
What?
I mean, your old claims last
only got you today.
What?
The state that my ratings that
bottomed out in this game.
What?
Which video has a reward for me?
It's the one that I gave him a reward.
And we did.
What?
Oh, you need it, small.
Sound, drinking, and cigarettes.
What?
You need it, small.
And I'm out of that, baby.
Oh, you need it, the show.
It won't flow.
What?
What?
What?
You have a bite of weight, something.
It's just.
I told you to give me this.
It's easy.
No!
Are you going to go find me?
I go find.
Round about that.
I'm lost.
Bye, bye, bye.
