Time to go to Toronto. Oh, you're going to Toronto is it safe? Oh
There we go. There you go right off the bat is it safe?
I got news for we got more rag heads in my building than you got an all-a-day brower is it safe?
So if you're nervous about that of course it's safe
What would you rather be in downtown Toronto or downtown Miami around 10 o'clock at night is it safe? Yes?
You don't remember those things
I'll be able to sign with on me. Oh, great movie that was long good. I like that instead of Sean Quiddension Lawrence
Louis A. Point not seen in cell who was a dentist. Yeah, he would torture people by you know doing things to their teeth
Hmm and Dustin Hoffman is in the chair and
Lawrence Olivier says is it safe?
It's safe. I'll be there and Dustin Hoffman won't answer him and then he takes the drill. There was mouth
Is it safe
They busted about 17 people right 17 right rag heads who were planning they had three tons of ammonium nitrate
Three times the amount that was used to blow up Oklahoma City building. Yeah
But at least they caught him say they they nipped it in the bud. Yes, just like the Canadian
Customswoman caught that guy who was gonna blow up LAX three years ago
Yeah, because he had a trunk full of explosives, etc
So one thing we can say about Canada man
We may have a bunch of rag heads here, but at least they're on top of them at least they get him before they do the deed
Yep, but what do I hear I'm here all these things about well
We better watch that Canadian border now because who knows who's got all these terrorists coming from across there right now
They catch him here before they do the anything bad so far they were gonna blow up the sea in tower
Which would have been really bad because it would have fallen over under the Roger Center right next door
Ricky had have heard auspicious debut in his first exhibition gave me a seven yards and four carries
Yeah, kick an ass that Ricky in his wildest days in South Florida
He never got the press. He's gotten here already
You can't even imagine pages and pages every day in all the newspapers in the sports section every day like the like the second coming of Jesus
I know so these clean shaven. Oh, yeah second coming a great easy to play for the Colorado Rockies
Yeah, I'll tell you one thing they must be praying to the wrong God because when you get swept by the Marlins man
I got that story about the it's just pathetic the Rockies pitch religion
Well maybe they ought to get Jesus to pitch for them because there's staff can't get anybody out they suck
I guess but what I tell you I'm gonna produce a movie called William Gone Wild
You know they got this thing girls gone wild go him gone wild. They're just out of control now and
Bush of course just being desperate. Yeah, he's back with his right wing
Religionist with the gay marriage thing which is never gonna go through in the Senate
But they got to go back to the hate issues again because that's all they got there nothing else
Yeah, I'm a game out of control. I beg your pardon McCain is against him on that well
That's about the only thing is against McCain just to suck up. He's so he's a phony is a $42 bill
Well, I had quite a day Saturday man
I'm not gonna give you all the details just to make a long story short
I was losing my fat ass and made it all back and ran out
That's a great feeling when you feel like you're gonna have a disaster day
I mean bad and I made back it hit 3000 aligned to co- to culminate to cap off my comeback and I ran out of there
You feel like a winner when I felt like I felt like a 150,000. I was so excited
Because you get you know down you get depressed like oh this is gonna be disaster again other would bind disaster and
But a boom
It's kind of funny because this Indian kid that I know there is a tiny about three machines down for me at about five minutes before
I got a heated 3000 align and we're all happy for him because he lost the three grand on the machine
I was playing the night before so we got his money back and
Five or ten minutes later there comes up on my machine three grand and I said my turn
And I ran out. I wasn't gonna give him back one dime
Well, you got the you guys he'd stuck in Leslie Visser Wednesday morning. I'm not sure if it's Wednesday or Friday
It says Wednesday. I know what it says. Oh, some others that may not be right right. Oh
Well Friday my schedule says
Well, I'll tell you one thing. I guess you just don't care anymore
Well whose decision was that to put that in the morning?
I want to wake up to that sound your friend. No, your protege mean clearance your friend your protege
Clarence I have nothing to do with him in fact in my that's you know
It's the middle of the year already, but since we're so slow and getting him out of doing anything on the station
I've made a new years resolution for you starting June. It's never too late, you know
And that is that I am having no more dealings with either Clara Bell or Clarence anything with a CLAR Clare even Clareton
I don't think I want to take
You know what I'm saying? I'm not it's gonna add many years to my life or at least many days
I don't know. I just won't deal with them. Go in his health and as they say in Japan. I understand. There's no point
I can't I can't get too whipped up about the bell mom. I'll be very honest with you
You know it's amazing to me how many winners I pick on on TV on the racing network? I it's scary
But the one good thing is I've resisted all this time. I've never you know because you can just call in and get a
Get an account on your credit card and start plunging your guts every day
I have to be a crazy person to do that
But I picked so many winners it without a program just by just by playing the odds
You know you can tell a lot from watching the odds
You know when a horse takes a hit at the last minute right goes like from even from seven to one to six to one last flash
I know I know I was a real good horse player who would look at the board when he'd walk into a track cold
Yeah, and see he would look for two things favorites that were not being bet and long shots that were being bet
Right and he put them together the only thing it's bad
It was first time starters that could bet because a lot of these a lot of these owners and trainers
They think they got something because they went fast in the morning
You know and they bust out of the gate real hard they go about a half a mile real fast and they puke their guts out at the end
They die in the stretch
Usually first-time starters who were bet who were heavily bet the information comes from
And I'm not a workout guy either and in any way
You know something I'm glad you mentioned that because if there's an animus they're talking about horses because the audience doesn't care
But we don't have any audience left anyway, so but you know the thing that always amazed me like an harness racing a qualifying
Race is like any other race. I mean the regular timer and there's other horses competing and you know
I mean, you don't know how much they're trying or how much effort they're putting out so it might mean something
At least you know the time is accurate, but workouts for third-bride racing
They come out in the morning and the clockers recognize them by their physical characteristics
They don't even know for sure if they're clocking the right horse am I right? Yes, you're right
Yeah, so so you get these workouts that may or may not be accurate and it might you know
It might be 46 and two or might be 48 and two or might not even be the right horse
To me that's it's so bogus, you know
This is the one thing about a horse race. You give the public the information quick would be yes, and you know
Give them the information for the other thing with those workouts is when I see for example
Stepin Wolfer had a sensational work the other day. He was born to be wild. Yes, and anyway
Yeah, I don't like a sensational work right before a big race
No, I mean he left the race on the track in the morning
Sometimes not necessarily if you see two or three bullet works like consecutive you think well the source is really sharp now
How sharp are gonna have to be to win that race? That's a crappy race
Well, yeah, I think it's gonna be the greatest race of all time and wonder everybody to walk ABC
Well, I mean, you know, we got to goose it up a little bit. There's some good horses in here
Yeah, when you have the winner of the wood and you have the second third and fourth finishers in the derby
No brother Darla. I'm glad there's no brother Derek. He really he just pissed me on he was so counterfeit
He was piece of turd. Yeah counterfeit told you. Well, yeah, you're right and no barberine. No
Let's crap
You know Barbara still coming along good. I guess everybody's whipped up about that. Yeah, he's coming along good
I don't know why everybody's whipped up about that horses get put down and tracks all the time
But he gets more daily buttons on him. Don't get soaked up about it now
Then we're on Reagan when I shot yeah, you know who turned 60 this week
I think tomorrow to show a hell of what we're getting. You know how you can tell when you're old?
Yeah, people start dying around you. No, no, no, well that's part of it
But when people like sliced alone oh
Last night he celebrated 60th birthday attended Hollywood in Vegas with a big reunion
joined by Bruce Willis and coven a Arnold joined him for a and his wife Jennifer other celebrities in attendance
John purvulture evidently left the closet long enough to attend
David spade and James Conn. Oh, no, there is a good example for it
Take a look at the difference between James Conn in the Godfather and even James Conn in
Misery which is many years ago and now you look at James Conn. What's that TV show? He's on the Vegas show?
Whatever that is. Yeah, he looks like James Conn's grandfather from the Godfather and he's old enough to be I guess
David spade is going out with Heather Locklear. Yeah
Don't believe anything who's husband is going out with
Denise Richards Denise
Really Richards. Yeah, Renee Richards. Yeah
You think that tennis match was rigged that one
Then there was always Jack Riggs the voice of Hazel Park in Northfield downs for a hundred years
But he was boring and there was Diane Riggs Diana right Diana Riggs wasn't Riggs was a rig
Yeah, and then we got our
Management now which is rigged against us
Don't you think that these people really are on seriously they got to be on the payroll for across the street, you know
Joel Feinberg and his daddy a lot of money. They're not doing any good either
But that's the point you're forgetting the main philosophy in South Florida radio
It's not important that you succeed, but that everybody else fail. Yeah, that's our philosophy
And you know something that seems to be working
Oh
My god, I can't even get over it and then they just keep Italy hopping along
So fifth of June you realize what the date tomorrow is D. They
What does that mean no till you know what the date is tomorrow? Yeah Normandy no six six oh six
Oh, you like that six six oh six. Yeah six six six. It's also D day. What is it the invasion of Normandy?
Was on June six. Well, that's good to know. I think the end and of course now they're making a big hack about being six six six because they
We did the omen. Oh, no movie movies that didn't need to be remade and that's one of them
That was such a good movie with Gregory Peckley. Yeah, there was and every one of these remakes without exception
Every one of them sucks, you know, right psych psycho and oh there's so many of them. I want to strange your calls
They all suck my first job out of school on the army. I worked at 666 fifth Avenue. Oh
I lived at 201 coming to wealth Avenue in Boston. Yeah for whatever that's worth you know the years later last time
I'm not the last time but one of the last times I was in Boston
Walked back down there and come a wealth avenue because my head and apartment downstairs
That's at the time when a Boston strangler was a killing people in Boston the women were all terrified
Tony Curtis and my no Tony Curtis wasn't killing but my landlady
What the hell was her name Mrs. Brown? She had a lovely daughter
But Mrs. Brown was my land. She had this other tenant with several apartments downstairs in this building and
His name was Jimmy Murphy and he was just a real wise guy real jackass and he's to go in there at Brownie on the Boston
Strayer Brownie had her terrified this poor lady should have by herself and I just had her scared to death
Jimmy Murphy probably know he might have been the Boston's brother
There's still there's still not even sure I saw that in biography of a but Albert the salvo. Yeah, me in the Boston
Strayer. I'm really be sure about that. I know that don't you think I know that give me a little bit of credit
My Alzheimer's hasn't said it your older than I am. Okay, so just watch it. I know but flea Bailey was the attorney for Albert
To sell I think that was his first big case wasn't yeah
I don't know if it was his first well
I was very first big one and then he defended Sam Shepard too remember that that worked out well
Yeah, he was almost as effective as
Ellis Ellis I've been thinking your defense is really stinking
It's funny it Ronnie's a morigis got out here a year or two ago and now the other kids going in for 30 years
I'm telling Ellis. He may not be great, but he's your consistent. I think he's that TV intoxication Ellis Rubin
Uh-oh US Supreme Court to decide on racial assignments to public schools at just in breathtaking news on CNN
Probably with this group we got now we'll go back to completely segregated schools
You know, I mean they're turned into clockback and everything else. Why not? Yeah
Like maybe that's gonna be the next thing before not be the November elections. Maybe we'll have a civil war
They can't they don't seem to be doing too well with the other ones. We just have a civil war
A whole bunch more people got kidnapped in 50 people got kidnapped in Baghdad today
It's plucked off the streets. They're just in a wrong place at the wrong time
They just came in and grabbed up anybody to get a hold of
Yeah, that that's overall right in fact. Here's the story. I got it right here. It says they tenagon. Where is that story one moment please?
They they they've said that it's lost the war's lost
Who said that the commanders in Iraq?
I'll find it feel commanders tell Pentagon Iraq war is lost and that the US military is unable to stand the mounting violence
That's killing a thousand Iraqi civilians a month even worse
They report the massacre of Iraqi civilians at the VEPA is just the tip of the iceberg
Can't imagine where the rest of the world hates the US can you?
This is Vietnam all over again. Yeah, somebody I wrote comment the other day to see an end-bought
You know it was like Vietnam all over again
And now we have another meal I'm massacre at Hedithus and now we've really lived up to the whole deal
Well, listen on that note trying to get my voice back got this learned this off these
Allergies just won't go away
Well, this damn changing weather although now it's sunny. It's gonna be like 81 today
We finally got the rid of all that crap and I think I got out of my system
You know what I mean stay safe up there have a great. Yeah, don't stay in Miami where you'll be safe
Yeah, right like right downtown there by the triple a arena would be good that great. We're by Camilla size to be good
Give a couple of free meals
That's a good menu today. Yeah, see what they got on the menu. I think pea soup
I know guy used to check the school menus and if there was something you might can go. Yeah
I think you know what I have probably a
Roller. Yeah meatloaf and spaghetti. Oh, yeah, that's my favorite have a great day
Say how do you buddy
The music fresh on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars and you not reflect those that the busy brass
Test group it's staffed advertisers for agencies
For training
Hey
How pass a gay
Amendment ban while off the San Francisco they go to become a married home always discuss it unless you're ahead to roll cuz Bush
I
Played out
Watch you
Smile, since you have him
market
She makes her good work
I'm profiting
Years a year, then you're last but see
The S for bigger contract and income guy
And it finds a scene
You'll have that face like my own
What's passing there
Never known
He ate the beans
And did, wishes he'd end
And with my energy's believing
It's even more my guilt
He's got the heart for better idea
That I don't should come in
Oh, rock!
150-560 WQ
I'm happy Monday too
Tomorrow is 666
I'm the bed right now
Oh yeah, if I was you
I think it's an oldman
I would just had two old men
They're talking together, me and a humber
Oldman
Hey, if you love voting
Who in South Florida doesn't love to get out there underwater
Right? That's a given, that's right
If you ever thought
What was I asking you?
Oh
If you ever thought about buying a boat
Stop and don't do it man
What a big waste of money
And what a real beginning of a lot of grief
Do the smart thing instead
Call Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt-Rent right now
Why do you want to pay the expenses of owning a boat
And maintaining it
And go through all the grief
When you can rent one totally hassle-free
Here's the thing that smart people do
They join the club at Club Notico
Just call 1-800-Bolt-Rent
You'll be amazed, it's just how easy it is
No docking costs, no expensive upkeep
No insurance and no hurricane
Preparation now more officially in hurricane season
By the way, just as I mentioned that
I noticed that they're getting everybody whipped up to a frenzy all over town
With a boat from Club Notico
It's totally stress-free and truly affordable
Two-call 1-800-Bolt-Rent
No getting the boat ready
Because Club Notico does it for you
No cleaning up either when you're all done
Because at Club Notico the way it works
You just hop on your boat
And go and have a fantastic time
And when you done pull into the dock it off
And just walk away
Just set it and forget it, it's that simple
Club Notico call 1-800-Bolt-Rent
From unlimited voting to pay as you go
From small votes to your charters
And everything in between
It's Club Notico call toll-free
1-800-Bolt-Rent
And let Club Notico table our plan to fit your needs and your budget too
Get on the water today, they hassle-free
The smart way it would Club Notico
By calling 1-800-Bolt-Rent
This is meal Roger
What solid this is 516 QA10
Hello N-E-A-L-I-S-U-G-A-S
Tonight exclusive Elizabeth Taylor
A lot of tabloid stories about you
Oh my god, am I dead and am I alive?
Are you alive?
Excuse me, man, I'm not familiar with you
Oh, I'm not familiar with you
And actually, in choir say you're being treated for early Alzheimer's
What's the story?
I'd bought a van
Why?
I had dog disempered shot
What was that like?
It's just all home
This is a person in dire straits, help wise
Let's take a call, Independence, Missouri
For Dame Elizabeth Taylor, hello
Miss Taylor, how are your breasts only known?
I love them both passionately and steaming
To be dragged on the floor?
Yes, that's your ass, they are
Okay, we'll be right back
I'm very keen to ride them for weight
Okay, then we played that last night
I was channel surfing and I saw about three minutes of that
She may not be dead, but she's about to be dead
Oh, she's dead
The walking dead, holy, it's kind of like a people in sunrise
Sunrise lakes and in surfside
The walking dead and a halendale
And in so many other parts of that town
Anyway, let's see what we're doing here
We got all those kidnapped people
I still can't find that story, they can't put it on there
But they will refuse to put it on their website
It's bad for business
Because we got to get everybody whipped up about gay marriages now
That's the last thing that's the right fingers
The far-bison goyem have got, that's their last
It's always the last resort, man
It's either the Jews or the Fag
Or somebody, the scapegoat do Jewry
You know, for years now
I guess since back in the mid-70s
So how many years would that be?
About 30, man!
30 years now, it's been the agaes
That's the scapegoat of the right wing
Well, I think the gay community is really alright
At least 40 people, some of them high school students were reported killed across the RAC
As the new government failed to name security ministers to deal with continuing violence
The new government, my ass
Government killed 20 people in Deyala province after stopping too many buses in a car
Forcing people out of their vehicles and just
What a thing, that's it!
Bye-bye!
Did they've included five, seven students and five elderly men?
Two other people were injured, the victims were she-ites
And the incident was thought to be the result of
sectarian hostilities
Give me that good old-time religion baby, sectarian hostilities
In the solder section of Bad, that four employees of the
Of a telecommunications company were killed yesterday in a drive-by shooting
Also yesterday police found 20 bodies strewn across Bad, dead, all of it in Savanguang
sectarian tensions
In the southern city of Vazra, violence at a mosque yesterday left 16 guards dead
The violence comes today after a bomb exploded in the crowded Vazra market killing
33 and wounding 55 there
It's just chaos and bloodshed and mayhem
And they haven't been able to name any new security ministers or any at all
This is just... deal with it
So obviously they're doing a hell of a job
But did you see this, Jim Sardiarical already?
No, I did not. Alright, I'll set it to you
I can't see the Jim Sardy columns because the Sun Sentinel website all the way
It has made a little bit of a comeback
You can see the front page, but when you try to click on to go to the car, some columns will come up and some of them won't
And his won't. Wow, what is it about?
I don't know. Please don't tell me it's about the ticket again or what
What I mention it, what is it about?
It's about QA, I'm in the ticket
And what is... what... before you say it?
How does I read? You know, I'm not going to read
Is it on a way? It's deep and now
Oh, I can't wait for that. First though, let me tell you, you know, they say judge somebody by their friends
Correct. Niki Rourke has pledged his support for US President George W
He's the last one go beside Pat Robertson
Jerry Falwell, Pat Robertson, John McCain and Miki Rourke
What do they have in common?
Their last name is all Hull
He pledged his support for Bush's controversial foreign policy in Iraq
The Sun City actor, the same for being outspoken in a real A-hole, has come forward as one of the few stars to support the war on terror
See, there they go again
What does the war on terror have to do with the so-called invasion and occupation of Iraq?
The former boxer says, George is doing a hell of a job during very difficult times, more power to him
Screw all the people who don't like it
That's an exact quote, screw all the people who don't like him, says Miki Rourke
Now I play that Miki Rourke dropping stuff, but I don't...
Well, they have to go with the devil
I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here
Yeah, okay, that's as far as I'm going with it
Well, no, I mean, I have to just dump it
Yeah, I'm going to start all over again
I'm going to do a lot of dump
He's a class act all the way
No question about that
Well, let's see, oh my god
This is hysterical
This is just amazing
What did I tell you? He's got heaven going in here
This guy is such an old toad
Don't let me forget to mention his sword with Hank tomorrow morning
Because it's one of his racetrack buddies I guess
Old Jim Sarny, man, old toad
Big old Bufo toad
The airwaves began heating up with NBA finals talk
And WQM and 790 to ticket Saturday
And a buzz could last for three weeks
So what do you like Josh?
I like Dallas. I like the heat, man
Really? Even though they got the girl that plays the Steve Nash for Dallas
He looks like a woman
Derk Newitsky
Who's Derk Newitsky? Steve Nash plays for Phoenix
Does he really?
Yes, he does. He plays for Phoenix
I thought he was on Dallas
Well, he was, but now he's on Phoenix
Oh, he used to play for his, at least I was partly right
Well, that's good because he looks like a woman anyway
Yes, he does. He does
I actually like Tom Petty
Does he look exactly like Tom Petty?
Yeah, another you mentioned. They both look like a woman
Except WQM is expected WQM and 790 to ticket to pull out all the stops
Wow. Never station airs heat games should
So it should be a fair fight
Now the heat games are on WYOD
South Florida has enjoyed the exhilaration of the dolphins and the Super Bowl four times
Here I ancient history
The Marlins in the World Series twice
The Panthers in the Stand-A Cup finals
1996 you remember the rats
He had 10 years ago
And now they heat me NBA finals
The pro sports grand slam
Oh, this guy is not just an old totes
He's just an A-hole man. The pro sports grand slam
I mean the Panthers had made a playoff since before Jesus was a baby
And the Marlins even every time they won a World Series twice
And they had a fire sale both times
And they put little league teams out there on the field
And don't tell me I'll hot there that they beat that the team that don't have a prayer
And the dolphins, the dolphins had been in the Super Bowl since Abraham was
Hockett and Chinatown through the goyam
The pro sport and don't forget the University of Miami playing an BCS championship game
Aren't we blessed on here I think is what he's saying Jim
And the University of Florida are plenty of Gator fans here
Winning the NCAA basketball tournament
Heck, even the Florida strikers played in the 80s soccer bowl
Which was a big deal a quarter century ago
Yeah, how the strikers do it now you jackass
I'm glad to see Miami has attained your root for it
It's a better sports time that's given credit to Mike Lupico
I always knew he was crazy
Oh my god
Isn't it time that the heat lets stand by and gum be speak he should be on radio TV unless he didn't apologize
I really resign and then here's the here's the piece to resistance
Oh wait a minute, listeners were jolted by Caribbean music on 1400 Friday
Not the best time to dump ESPN radio with all the NBA programming going on
The Dan Patrick show originated from NBA final cities
But not on 1400 they're playing Caribbean music mod
They dumped it
But here's the most important part I know will be in there
He's got a blow up to I'm sure of it
Evan Cohen is on WQM this morning meaning yesterday from 9am to noon
Cohen the afternoon drive host on ESPN 760 in West Palm Beach has been given permission by a station to appear on QIM
I forgot to ask Hank if he's any good
Not that Hank would give me an honest answer because he's a sports nerd guy
And he's Jewish so Hank might be a little pretid juiced
What was sound tell me was it Josh tell me how boring he was Evan Cohen
I've never heard of
Now somebody was telling me that last week don't you remember?
Or when was the call? I don't remember
Most of the time yeah I know you blocked it
Maybe it was me yeah I'm sure you're listening I'm getting up early on Sunday morning here Evan Cohen
I'm sure Jim Sarni is listening he's got that radio knob in on one hand
He's got 29 past 10 already at 560 WQM
We got both of us at noon two to four thank god
I was thinking we get a little bit of a rest but don't let it run
Mad Dog 4 to 7
Gelldy
So later he gets to you man 7 to 940
You'll all be watching TV by then I know I will
Marlins on Deck at 940 those Red Hot Marlins man at the Giants and very bonds 1015 tonight
You're gonna stay up late to watch that guy
We'll see you're boy
Buried a boy
He's on a way out of Hank Aaron man 755 I don't think he's gonna get there
He's still got 40 to go I know it doesn't sound like too much
But judging by how long it took him to get like the last two or three
If he keeps going at that rate like Zager and Evans would say in the year 25-25
He lit number 756
With lightning quick speeds the latest features and security
Comcast high speeder net leads DSL on the dust
And today you can get on board for just 995 a month for two months
With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes
Comcast high speeder net is up to four times faster than DSL 15
And up to 100 times faster than dial up
Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video
Playing online games you're just surfing your favorite sites
What do you say? Comcast reliable fast connects means you'll be flying through the eminent like a maniac
Like Peter Pan plus for the assignment for Comcast high speeder net you'll get into the nicest of three features
Like the fan video mail Comcast Rhapsody radio plus it up to 7 personal
Email accounts just an MFU
Not only that but you also get an accuracy security tools included
It's even be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure
So what could possibly be waiting for?
Get with it get in the 21st century
Start doing more faster than ever before
Send up for Comcast high speeder net today for just 995 a month for two months
You wonder how ever you manage to get along without it
Indeed call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast
Why I just do now?
Oh look at that I got so excited about it
I hit the button there not the one you're thinking though
I hit the big red one
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69 AF
Yeah
Everyone happy
Yeah
Why
As you see KS
I
Feel my test card again another season shot down the drain
And up my brain for the fan so I'm done
I am full of ice of bombs to go the runner
I bomb shotgunner and a bell tell me why
Can I play when I'm a little high in a goal line situation
I float over the line take the pitch run it straight jump the line and score
And then they give us six points and I smoke two joints
So have to see I could have paid someone to pay for me
Well I should have been born to make it I smoking up the three hey there
Rev hold my roach think they called my number how come no one's chasing
Which way am I facing smoking
Oh
Right
Oh
Come on
That's why Ricky kicks him ass baby 70 yards and four characters that's pretty impressive if you ask me
Okay, here's the poor result from Friday which was very much less than impressive
Look at that did you see the final result no it did not he did I printed it out but I never really looked at it
1977 votes what do you usually listen to between 2 and 4 pm we asked our stoop audience and they said nothing
514 that's that's a good choice
They just put your blood in
Rest your ears man
Almost 26% of this audience said active too they listen to nothing between 2 and 4 anyway
Air America 436 22% go over to scare America that's scary that's quite a comment my own music 249 and I've got 1600 and some odd the songs am I
I've got already a bad I'm meeting my docking station I'm not gonna say which kind because that would be bad I'm gonna say
I like it better that's the thing about iPods everything are the white all the accessories are white for them
They come in white and black and they only have the white ones in the store and they said well we got some black I said okay I'll wait I don't want to white the docking station
Because then first of all anything like that white you kids schmutz you'll pass the white stuff's cut out
I'd barely anyone now it doesn't yeah it's really kind of
BAMING
I don't want to know pansy's docking station in my much apartment that's right serious and WQM were tied with 181
9.1% you listen between 2 and 4 you realize what an indictment that is yes I do
9.1% that's just barely over yeah wow
that means that that means 91% are going someplace else after 2 o'clock
91% that is terrifying is what it is that should send a message but like I said I'm I'm out of it I just
Whatever whatever they do which I don't think is much but a beep but a boop but a beep we got a plan now what would you do?
You got a plan you know are they hiding their plan right home there's a clue for you music radio 143
I didn't bother putting down all the 85 really crappy music stations in South Florida because why bother?
It won't be the point music radio I think covers it all right 143
XM 77 well I tell you one thing seriously kicking XM's ass and rightfully so Joe Kustel
YXM sucks 181 for serious that's the stern factor like like to her be there in wherever he was he somewhere in
Broward you know that fax is in about how howards on 20 right hours a day and yada yada
Herb really listens to a howard before the show after the show probably some during the show to this way doesn't miss a word XM
Anything else Robin XM 77 I hate this poll only 74 they like to like to lie lasty
Soliment the
Satanta so right yeah state tennis
Satanic like tomorrow 660 70 and W.I.D. 52
Chinquanta Duay really bad so that's only 3.5% over to Waxi and that's the booster is that the boosters that Sydney Rosen's
Cranstein Burys the booster the boosters see 3.5% of our audience go over to orange head there are two o'clock
Here we do that rocket roll sports dog hey how about those heat haha I don't hear him at all in ESPN and you're still wrong
I've come at you and Hank both insisting and they're just sucking up to him I easy good guy like him at least I like him a lot more before he got in bed with the
Dan LeBaster I mean I don't understand that you know you'll be say judge judge a person by the company he keeps
What what is that all about that Dan LeBaster I don't know I mean they've always been friends I guess
Based on what I don't know he used to come in the booth all the time before you know I got a line for that
Just the way oh my god you know if we gave you a shovel you could be in China by 30 you're amazing you really are
Now what were you saying stop him up a little bit you know he's a beast to stop by and yes talk to be every now and again
In our radio station well now in the the Marlins booth on a Marlins booth I couldn't figure out what boosters were talking about
I thought maybe you meant one of those boosters in the arcade you know I'm hoping a lot of quarters they have tokens there
Yeah we got one in our sale the product 1041 19 before 11 at 560 WQ a.m
We got the bowmaster come up at two oh thank god oh just a little relief until seven anyway you know he's got to
Have naked pictures at Jelty I think he's got naked pictures of clearance and and Robert Grieper doing it he's got to have
Because he's on he's on every day in some days two three times a day that sound that person
And if you got a business and you need to get customers away from the competition here's the perfect business partner for you
Pub set printing and design Pub set can design and print everything in the near arsenal just like a display booth
They made about me on our website at the bottom of the page take a few cut that and you will
Or see even more their phenomenal work at Pubset SF dot com Pub set can print everything from business cards to banners
Postures to their specialty which is trade show booths and displays Pub set design and printing the very best for over 14 years
And Pub set can handle it all in house call them at 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 7
5 that's 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 2 7 5 better yet see for yourself at Pubset SF dot com
Look your best and get those new customers away from the competition it's your business and it's Pubset business to make you look great call 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 7 2 75
Or go to their website at Pubset SF dot com see some of the great work they do and don't forget to look for my
Grotesque picture on your building on Dixie highway just north of commercial Boulevard you're practically drive off the road choose the very best Pub set printing
And design called 9 5 4 7 7 2 7 2 7 2 75
This is Neil Roger this is 5 6 2 8
Let's talk about crack absolutely I mean I party why because I have been the president during a time
Of tremendous stress so you must obviously be so gifted to manage to do drugs and to serve in the White House what was the worst thing you did that you can recall when you were high I
You know made this judgment that said I'm saying needed to be removed I was using part of the run up to this war crack
Yes coming up I've secretly staged an intervention and you are you prepared for that I know I'm not I don't care there will be an intervention
I'll tell you though I'm not going to change really yes there will be an intervention no yeah I'm not going to have any of it yeah we'll be right back
There will be a lawsuit 10 46 14 before 11 at 5 60 WQM OK here's today's pool before you get the most important story of the century and it is about the grateful the keyboard is dying
Oh no oh yeah didn't know that was a grateful nobody's dead 772 votes on a pool today already we got that thousand look Josh have no fear OK you can come back tomorrow
All right by the way Georgia beyond on vacation next week and I'll be going on vacation a week after that and the week after that is our summer schedule starts to which I say wow by the way I knew you just to get it out of the way I might as well give you my review on a rear window
Oh you son evidently you didn't like it I can tell by your body language well I feel bad because you bought me the movie no I don't feel bad about it look I don't I'm not one of those people that enjoys suck ups OK if you didn't like it go right ahead and say it I like one part about it what was that really
Well no excuse me too I like the ending race Kelly's ass is that you like well the ballet dancer was really nice I go I'm going to the whole movie like Grace Kelly what are you saying about that Grace Kelly's hot but nothing more she's not a ballet dancer you know they're showing the goods a little bit
OK I think Grace Kelly there's a lot of hot and ballet dancer but go ahead but yeah you just want to see body parts you know I know a lot of people like you just into body parts that's not it I mean I mean the ending was good
Would you rather seem really nice than that ballet dancer what's that when you're rather seeing Grace Kelly naked and the ballet dancer sure
OK well you know she was all you know she was all close up she was pristine she was clean and pristine that nighty in the princess grace anyway go ahead you didn't like it
But yeah I mean it was the whole you know the whole movie very slow it's like one more than I worry about that I said it's probably too slow for you like I should you know and the ending was good though that's why it kind of pissed me off you know maybe there was a little more going on up into the ending yeah see
because one thing about most hits cock movies the ending was always pretty good yeah although I'll be honest with it psycho the ending wasn't very good because I guess they were leaving the door open for the sequel and I was just horrible yes I thought the ending
psycho and they said that they showed the fly he's in he's in behind bars in the prison everybody Huckin Anthony Anthony Perkins lost a man and there's a fly you know lands on his nose or whatever and he's oh he wouldn't hurt a fly as I don't know it was kind of yeah although
it's have hunter said he was pretty strong in a sack Tony Perkins why would like to see that oh my god look at this look at the pole number of hosts now 777 thanks
to Sean by the way you got three good polls on there for me thank you so much because you know I give couple weeks to go and I
think that'll be mostly George coming up for these pull out all summer long better you than me no better you than me oh brother well what game are we going to play the
day in the area oh well you know how they are although you notice how long since we don't want them building polls I just
know my part of that because then we got to take a lot of calls yeah and I just I just don't feel like they are
to answer the question right I know I know here's the first one today for the week Q I am hey I want to talk about the
Alpacish Rock film yes you're right is the worst of all the sounds and the most famous are well known no I
didn't say no strangers on a train I think is worse than the psycho okay you know you're right but you're
right you're very slow paid but I think that's part of the of the style yeah we're not building the
drama see Josh wants when they am you know thank you man it's just they don't that's not how a good
it wasn't we were made though cycle was made did they make a real window I don't think so I hope not I hope
that and by the way please don't go see the woman that big you don't go see it I've seen broke by
Alpacish Rock film yes you know I can't see it but anyway Jimmy Stewart and then it was a
farly green no it was Jimmy yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay thank yeah
that's the thing I mean it's like one big scene it's like one you know he sits there
or a real window right I'll give it away if somebody made me not see the fat
don't see it listen let me just give it away gone you know and he sees Raymond
there is this as wife yeah I mean he sees the guy and it's up like I said because the ending was good
but you know you go it was very good the nurse coming into massage and then Grace Kelly coming in
and then the FBI guys just a conversation in one room and it's just well wouldn't you like to
have seen the nurse come in a massage Grace Kelly yeah that was look at all the money that they saved on
that set and I don't know what anywhere no they went somewhere they showed Raymond Burr walking around
outside and yeah that's just it that was the someone here in there and yeah his room now who was who
is Raymond Burr the guy that with the murder of the wall came okay okay I just have to come on
but you know something to do with Raymond Burr you're starting what then why did you ask me that
because I wanted to know if you know who Raymond Burr was how could you watch that movie first of all
there aren't that many meaningful characters in the movie basically there's there's Jimmy Stewart and
Princess Grace and then there's the maid who was I forget who that was somebody fairly a well
and then there was Raymond Burr and the other ones are all like minor players in him over there's
nobody of any consequence in them over beside those four people right wasn't sure it could have
all made Google rear window and tell me who the maid was because I'm embarrassed I do it in the
rear window it was like either Mercedes-Morcaimba is not her but one of those character actresses by
the way you noticed have you ever heard anybody use that phrase we talk about character actors but
nobody ever says oh she's a character actress have you ever heard anybody say that rare haven't I
it's very rare yeah you're very seldom but whoever played the maid that was her she was a character
actress she was a real character who played the maid know this thing slow hang on you want me to do it
here I got it for you are miss not miss his lonely heart why no she was over in the other building
was it Stella Stella Delma Ritter tell me Ritter I told you never heard of her oh get out of here you
know you know you look at our perfect match first he's asking me which one was Raymond Burr this
was 54 I was born in 64 you seen it I've seen it several times well fellow Ritter was a great
character actress she was good she always played you know she was like watching him on a Brady
bunch that play Alice whatever her name was by the way was your window was remade as a TV movie
with your favorite Christopher Reeves oh how sad no wonder God smoked him you know I hate to say
that but I have a feeling that's that's why God smited him and spider him bat when you make a bad
movie man God gets really pissed off so I remember 91 votes I haven't even got around to this
pool for today and how that's good kill some time and kill some time for all about this actually
you know I feel like crap because it's this allergy thing but I think now that it's sunny and
beautiful I'm gonna get rid of this gonna get over it's the change of season allergies I don't
think I've had this in a long time about four or five years see everybody talks about oh it's
so great when there's change of season but when you get smog and crappy air in and it rained here
all day Saturday was really a good and then of course we have those terrorists you know planning to
knock down the sea and towering a few other buildings right I got Selma Ritter now I know who she is
them you know who she is yeah she played the maid what was her name again in the movie Sally Sarah
Stella Stella oh yeah Stella I wonder what Marlon thought about that I was thinking about that
the other day Raymond Burr yeah um Marlon Brando um thinking about some of these big fat aging
actors yeah what I'm gonna head in common they were all like either buy or gay and they're
interesting well you know those actor types yeah they all miss a way experiment which of these
people or things are you most tired of hearing about 791 votes it's a closed pool don't try to
anything on air will kill you it's closed it's seven ninety five they're coming in in chunks like
I said we got the thousand lectin by the way somebody sent a Joshua picture of Raymond Burr
so he knows who it was I did that no he was gay oh my god what a homophobic man we just just
obsessed obsessed with that see I like you say why does anybody really care when you come right
down unless they're grabbing your tea baggy yeah something really strange about that whole deal
796 Tom Cruise they're really tired of that 194 speaking of you fairing that Tommy they're really
you're boring very tired of your act your whole psychotic fully act airs us a brand gelina 175
brand gelina my ass oh god these media types man they'll drive you nuts to do breakfast cereal
Natalie Holloway the chick from Aruba 148 chicken Aruba Ricky Williams 58 well I'm not tired
to hear about him here I'll tell you that they're just obsessed Ricky Ricky Ricky oh my god
got Ricky Williams uh in fact I think he's got his own brand of weed now illegal aliens 55 I hate
this pull 52 shack 42 42 people tired of that crap already how can you say that when does the
uh game star is it tonight no I believe it's tomorrow the finals yes no well you're wrong man
because the game starts tonight the stand the cup finals admitted in a Carolina nothing to be
fired then uh oh god everyone will be watching that I'm gonna tell you the people at OLA
with nobody's got that under cable anyway and NBC they got to be committing the sausages now
could there possibly be a less attractive less interesting matchup in the US I mean they've
already got like one shares for hockey games to begin with and then you narrow it down you're talking
ticket-like numbers starting with a big oh my goodness Edmonton I mean here at least the CBC is
all whipped up because I got a Canadian team in your Edmonton so there'll be a lot of front running
we love the oilers they're really gray out all that crap they're okay and Carolina I mean
other than my buddy Ray Whitney who'd help cares about Carolina they got you know some good players
on here but give me a break even if people in Raleigh even Chris Jones admitted that what do you
call much of funny right next to him like that so much as he was trying to speak French that was
kind of cute anyway uh they're sick and tired of hearing about Natalie Holloway 148 Ricky
Williams 58 illegal aliens 55 I hit this full 52 I read these Shaq 42 Iraq 41 Shaq in Iraq
get a good place for him Joyce only 28 they want to hear 26 they want to hear a lot more about
Joyce that bitch and I ran only six out of 800 and six probably at 806 I'll rate say even 11 o'clock
yet almost incredible or what credible and now they're saying the markets are taking a big hit
because everybody's panicky because Iran is threatening they're rattling their spear and they're
gonna cut off the oil and it's over $73 a barrel and the world's coming to an end this is
the new rangers this is 5.62 a hour this is the Neil Roger show this is your brain
any questions
do
Well, she's pushing like a star, she's cruising through the high-cool prom now.
The black snow's a lick, her bummer daddy's flabby, and she's gone now.
And with her dating the car she's swept her legs with the fastest she can now.
All right, and she'll have fun, fun, fun, till her daddy finds out she got lazy.
Well, instead of the prom, they both decide to get into backseat now.
And her date time elapsed, because she's wearing an easily removed gown.
And when he's at, way the next day, her name will feel over town.
And she'll have fun, fun, fun, till her daddy finds out she got lazy.
And she'll have a funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 W.Q. I'm happy Monday, 2.00 tomorrow at 6.66.
I definitely had it into the bed. I'd like to do it through the QA.
I'm going to sum it up in the devil. I turn on QA. I'm real loud.
Now what do we got on tomorrow? We got pretty much the same schedules we got today.
Actually some people you've heard of before and then of course it's 7.00 tomorrow night.
Oh good, put them on there at night. I noticed Wednesday we got Curtis 2 to 3.
Because we got a Marling game at 3 o'clock. How the hell can that be?
Marlins in the Giants? Oh, that Giants. I don't understand that.
The game is in San Francisco and the game is at 3.30.
So it's at 12.30 start on the West Coast. Why is that? What's Wednesday? Some holiday?
Oh, you know what? You know what I forgot to play? I forgot.
Because you know what it is. Wait a minute.
Where's the best deal there?
No, it's since everything and everyone at Disney World is out of the closet so to speak.
We now have special K-Days. We've changed the ride to suit our lifestyle.
Yo, ho, ho. Be a slash-fuckler on butt pirates of the Caribbean.
And we've modified the Connell Apparif so you can ride with Mickey's new domestic partner, Gerald Jell.
Hey, it's Gerald Jell here. Make sure you find a string around my legs.
It's getting stuck so bitch.
Oh, oh, I was with the X-shut up.
Every day is gay day at Disney. I've told you that for years but they get up so when you're singing.
Vince Welle like his dead. Who? Aren't you? You don't know who that is?
No.
He took over as the great- you're not eating again, are you? That's for a bad for him.
What do you got now?
French toast. Again. Freedom toast.
This one who took over as the great-filed Ed's keyboard player in 1990 after a succession of predecessors met on timely deaths.
He's died at the age of only 55. In other words, it wasn't a good idea to be the keyboard player for the great-fool or you're going to be dead.
Vince passed from this earth on June 2nd, 2006 after a decade of battling strategy while creating beauty and light around him.
The man asked me if I didn't give a cause of death.
The San Jose Mercury news said he died in a hospital on Friday after being taken from his home in Forestville, California.
And it quoted a person in his home and saying it looks like he took his own life. I see.
Welle had previously spoken of a deep depression after Jerry Garcia, founding the terrorist of the iconic and really crappy psychedelic rock band, died in 95 in a group disbanded. He was depressed.
Maybe he was, now he's one of the ungrateful dead. Welle is the fourth keyboard player for the band who have died.
And his website referred to that position as a particularly doomed spot.
Hmm. It's like doing a morning show on this station.
He once told an interviewer a lot of people ask about that and my stock answer is that I'm aware of the fact you could die doing this job.
But I was somewhat dying of boredom before the job came up. So I thought I'd take my chances, he said.
Originally, remember the 1970s rock band, the Cubes.
Welle joined the great fold then after long serving keyboard player meant my midland died in 1990, but drug overdose.
Oh my god. I think you have to watch that movie that the Kurt Cobain movie last days.
Yeah. That'd be enough to put me over the edge.
I'm making it want to blow either your brain's outer whoever made the movies. It's funny that I got 7,798 songs in the computer over here.
Really? I guess how many of them are grateful dead.
I would say. Oh, right. They never had a top 10 hit.
Right. Which of the ones you send me this week? 50s or 70s?
You're going to get 70s in the Boca package.
The 70s hits and then the next disc that you'll see.
50s. Just three generic oldies.
Which includes 50. What about my Luis Miguel? And Luis Miguel.
And he sure got a hot punch.
Yeah. Got a fat ass. Anyway, previously a pianist, a pianist, Keith Gu-Dag-Gog-Chow.
Wow. Sounds like a dog food. God-Chow.
Died in the car accident in 1980, year after he left the band. And founding vocalist and keyboard member Ron Pigpan McCurden died in 73 of a gastrointestinal hemorrhage.
Wow. That sounds appropriate for a guy named Pig-Dag? Yeah. Sounds appropriate for a fat boy.
Now let me ask you something. I said on that sheet that Chris Jones, our salesman, were giving me this morning.
Fat boys out for two weeks. How do we know he's out for two weeks? Or maybe it has been two weeks?
I don't know. Or is he just planning on being out for two weeks sick?
I don't know. Maybe he's gone to eating binge.
After the great full dead broke up and ended its 30 year run as one of America's biggest touring acts, even though their music sucked and they never had a real hit.
Well, they formed his own group, Missing Man Formation. Wow. Remember them? No.
Neither do I. He also toured with other groups including great full dead drummer Mickey Hartz band.
He didn't take part in the various reunions of the dead's other surviving members.
In his descents in the band's curse of the keyboard player Scott Larned co-founder and keyboard player for the national touring grateful dead,
the tribute band Darkstore Darkstar Orchestra, Black Acceara Hard Attack. Oh my God. The grateful really are dead.
That's something. You got to be star cross to be in the grateful dead. That's right. Maybe that's why they had the name.
Maybe the Lord guy stuck his finger in there or something. I know there's some of you out there think that they made something.
I don't know what the hell it was. The fact that I don't have any because I don't just have hits in here, but I also have a lot of stuff that I like that I put in this computer myself.
Well, if I say you put grateful dead in there, I figured maybe you know, because you build them lately. I didn't.
No. I mean, what's the other way? Get crap all the time.
Maybe a song that they made that is memorable. I know that.
That's the one in the uncle John's band or something. Oh, yeah, they all sounded the same. Uncle John's tea bag band.
Let's see, grateful grant any grant. Truck is all right. I'll give it a great touch of gray man.
Eight 1587 reached on the charts number nine and that was it. It was on for nine nine weeks. Really? That should have it.
Touch of gray. It goes on about I don't want to waste my time with that, but the only thing that I'm grateful for is all those Ben and Jerry's flavors because otherwise without them, they wouldn't come up with all that neat stuff.
Although, although fish, the fish was another fish, which they named after different group, although along the same lines. Right.
Haven't had any. I'm not eating any more of that crap. I just made up my mind as of now. Good. No, I'm serious. I can't do it. No more carbs. Ever. Good.
All this garbage about eat your fruits and vegetables. You know, leave the fruits to somebody else. Okay. You fail.
Turn you right now. Stay away from those fruits. You know, he's like those are you. Oh, well, all depends on what kind.
I'm not going to get in that discussion with you anymore because I'm just tired of lifting my time. I am just nauseous from it.
Like this call is going to make me you'll see I just make no mistake about it. WQ I am hello.
You're so wrong about the great club that I know what would you got to be number one on the charts to have a good.
No, what what what do they have? And maybe some of their great music. Are you going to know any of them? I don't know. Just.
Yeah, what's the difference then? Well, no, the audience. I can't be like a. Yeah, you don't know one song about a grateful dead. Okay. In fact, we'd be grateful if you were dead. See what did I tell you?
I'm one of the dead heads. Yeah, no kidding. You're so into music. You know, I think you're going to sound exactly sound that voice right. Oh, yeah. If you're like a deadhead, you see his push on the other side of that.
In dictionary. It's like the people like jazz on Wikipedia. Oh, you know, it's way it's way beyond that. Jazz is for sueds. But grateful dead is for just.
I don't know what that category is. Much of stoneers. There's nothing we hate on the show worse than a bunch of stoneers.
Feel commanders tell Pentagon Iraq war is lost. Oh, here we go with a grateful dead people. You'll see. Make no mistake about it. You started it.
I say you didn't have any grateful dead music in those seven thousand songs. Yeah, didn't he start a jazz? Yeah.
By the way, which started. I think Raymond Burwell was the one that was massaging Jimmy Stewart. You didn't rub down. I didn't know he was dead. Yeah. What a jackass. Not you, Josh. I'm talking about you too.
That one isn't he one of yours is new one of yours. That's all he knew really. And then of course the beast gets threatening to tell us the report the stories that he used to tell.
They're the crappiest to say there off the year in the morning. He never did. You know, that's one thing. You can't tell them on the year anyway. I'm sure that most of them had to do with.
And that's why he was always running around picking his dingal berries in front of everybody. W.I.M. Hello. Not there. I'm forward. There's a good one. I'm whatever that was W.I.M. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. Listen, who do you like for the. Yeah. Somebody come. Hello.
He didn't fix. There's your answer. Stanley Cup finals. The heat and six. We don't talk hockey on the show. Okay. I don't like either team. I'm I don't dislike Edmonton. They're all right.
I don't really dislike Carolina. I was hoping that they would beat whoever the hell a beat before Buffalo. Who did they beat? I forget. I'm in Jersey. But I just I have very little interest. It's just Edmonton and Carolina. What could be finer? I may have to watch.
I'm not sure I can't wait for that male rap scene. You're right about that facts on Friday. That was so that was so sensational. I just grabbed that that the D.V.A. have a male man's hands. I broke ass mounting. And then I didn't watch the rest of it because I knew that the word anymore.
How did I know that? What your psychic you always said? Yeah. Must have been my psychic powers. I just could I my mind could read it right off the DVD digitally. You looked into your one crystal. I don't see anymore sex scenes coming in this.
But now the fact is the movie sucks. Okay. The movie sucks. It is. Shawshank is like half as good as broke ass mounting. I'll pass even though I spent my own might go see that that's a one thing. Don't want to give me any credit that I went out there and bought the DVD at my own harder and cash. No. And I actually would watch it someday just like Shinverse list. Yeah. When I have a yearning again to see some more zoom movies. I'll watch.
I'm not a nice man. Okay. No controversy. Just a nice good watch. Oh. Why is nothing like a nice good watch? I write a citizen myself.
12 minutes past 11 and 560 WQ AM. How about those heat? Oh yeah. So Dallas isn't that good? I thought for sure that I saw what's other very good. I just don't think they're going to win. The Dallas Mavericks. Yeah. Yeah. Well, where's the first game? Is it in who's hosting Dallas? Oh, oh.
That that not that not good. I hope they don't get shot down in Dallas. Man. Wouldn't be the first time. The heat. All these phoneies. And now you know as well as I do that. 90% of these people are on the bad way.
Another phone is a $42 bill. Of course. You could go to the games and all that. From running. Tony's from that. That's especially in South Florida and in Carolina. Although Carolina is not enough from running.
Tony's even fill up the arena there. What a joke. Hey, if you're a cigar smoke, you like to hit back with a good premium Stogie. Then the he is cigars by Tony.
Boreini is absolutely for you. These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco. Really unique worth that unique.
But he a gold flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar insider and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine.
This rich flavored well balanced full-bodied Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors.
Also be sure to try the be here to say oh the the say was the hottest release cigar in last 10 months gets a rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider.
The the say was a big powerful cigar that will just tear your kissies out with complex notes of leather earth and pepper.
The finish is long and full body with initial spice and a note of charred wood take a big drag on that baby to receive 40% off on all be here cigars when you call be sure and tell them that old neo-rodgers.
Like I said you'll say 40% off the regular price by calling 1 835 by here that's 1 835 BAH I A.
This is neo-rodgers this is 5.62 AF.
Number of celebrities have recently passed away among them Brian Keith Jimmy Stewart Robert Mitchem and Jacques Cousteau.
Listen now as they join Charles Corralt for the end of the road.
All those passengers flying everything air they board.
Hey Jimmy how is your funeral service?
Yeah it was just a wonderful way.
How about you Brian?
Very small we kept it to a family.
Just playing going from here to eternity.
Hey I'll come your own wet Jack that is not drunk.
It is not Jack, Jack, Jerk, whatever are we going from here to eternity?
Brian why do we ask you a question?
I was that little tramp sassy and yet ever baffy her jody.
I don't want to know about this.
I want to know about Mr. Frank.
I understand that he is a man's man.
Sir how long before we get to eternity are we there yet?
Yeah we're there all right believe me it's 11 18 and somebody of course I told you that man this always feels like.
Oh yeah I have no idea why you know how can you get so emotional about such a crappy.
You know really?
Maybe like getting all wet up if somebody said well you know buddy Knox was really a great sinner.
Why how dare you you know.
I'll tell you that buddy Knox.
Remember buddy Knox?
Sure.
Party doll.
That's right.
You know what I covered that song on the same label that's pretty unusual.
I was like let the whole one is low on Imperial.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Babe Rodley's.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence.
Hey Xia, Cutting Tomy, I know.
Jack Ellis.
Steve Lawrence see here.
It's selfI could possibly say that what I love about Tony Elvis.
David B oil Sarah I your only thing I would love that one about Tony's
Plus I know by everyone upon my commentess up there though I don't think he's there.
Heavyweight additionally.
Yeah, the rest of us are turning over in our grave if they get there dancing in the streets cover
Well, who the hell didn't cover that song? That's right. Alabama get away and touch of gray. Oh, no, that was a song touch of
Gray. I'm sorry trucking was not so I even had a quit local down that I'll give them an adequate but nothing to write home about
Yeah, but you know if you want to say their hits I think you'll have to let her off at the beginning of the world, okay?
I'm so I'm so inspired by this story though about the grateful dead and all their dead performers
I think I'm gonna do some dead polls the rest of the week or at least next couple of days
I'm not gonna tell you now because then they'll start calling in with that crap, you know all right
No, I'm serious. I don't think we've actually done these before separate like I don't want to say what it is
No, because then they start calling in right away your favorite dead Kennedy
That's bad
WQ I am hello
Q I am yeah, I got one quick question. Yeah, okay, I bet you do WQ I am hello. Hello. How are you sir? Okay?
Hey, I wanted to thank you for turning me on to Dreamfield pasta. Yep. That stuff is great. It's
Hello from yesterday's matter fact. Did you try to set a chini? That's great. No, I'll try to either shapes it now
If you use it with a like smart balance spray, you know, don't be using that all of oil
It's that's got a lot of cards in it. All of oil doesn't have any cards. What are you talking about sure?
That's yeah, that's it's got it's got that's it too. It's a great
Is great for you man. Yes, it is. It's the polyunsaturated fat. That's actually good for you. Right. That's olive oil olive
I'm gonna do whistle the tune for say I got to look at the label on my olive oil
We'll do the mr. Buddy knocks
By the way, just real quick mad Max was on like all week. Oh, I missed it again. I mean I owe you the DVD
I just leave it baby. Guess how many carbs there are see this is another example of a guy who
Talks to his ass. Yeah, guess how many carbs there are on olive oil zero. Oh, that's correct
I mean it doesn't take a genius to figure that out. It's an oil oil. Oh, other than carbs
An oil. Yeah, it's for the oily bird. How about trans fats? How's it? Oh? Oh?
Protein oh none it cleans cholesterol out of your system
It's good for you man. Just look at those are grease balls over there
Believe you me. That's what they can eat all that positive
Seven. They cook and see the difference being like the crappy food in northern Italy like Milano which have been there
So don't give me a son of dance they cook with butter in the north they had that awful right risotto
You know if you ever had that oh man
It is kaka. Oh geez and they cook with butter in northern Italy in central and suddenly they cook instead of butter
They use olio oliva olive oil and man it is good for you
So this guy didn't know what the hell he's talking about and in addition to which what I don't understand
Why would you cook with olive what is he cooking with the olive oil anyway? Huh?
Whoever I mean you might put olive oil in the water when you boil for your pasta
Which I used to do that I don't do it anymore because somebody told me don't do it
But what do you need the olive oil for to make pasta right on that olive oil is loaded with carbs? Yeah, right none zero
Jackass schmuck now this is how for the expert okay talks
You know it's one thing about the people that talk through their ass okay
They always got a big son of dance and they have no idea what they're talking about none
So you can take your dream field's pal and stick it with the moon. Right home. Don't shine
W.A. M. Hello
Q. A. M. Yeah, I want to talk to you the Rogers speaking sir. Oh
Regarding the grateful bed. Yes, you can't judge the grateful bed by their hips. The grateful bed
We're one of the best in concert live bands of all time
You can't do with the first group play five six hours on sir
Wow, you know the right he was why and anyway
I think I must have been there. What did I want from all the big that's hilarious
Well, I just thought yeah
Crow and Steve is that the one you're talking about the one with crow is
Ashtagat you play baseball
There's the grill and we're talking hobble on five six to two. Yeah
Come home right here at five six seven H.O. Oh
Fox six
Call me homie. Let's be talking to Steve in Miami Steve. You know what me?
Warren Good night. Well Crow. What do the minds have to do the Linda World series this year?
Oh, that's an easy one Steve. They got a swing of that in the bow
It's just right remember the game of baseball is 50% hitting
That's almost half 50% feeling 50% pension and 20% managing but Crow that's 175%
What don't you be question to me? What you be ignorant?
Be what isn't even I said you be isn't well
No, I'm not ignorant boy. I'm playing ball fencing over a ball in a dark world country
His men have my time. Did you well actually?
Come home. I'm the crow out of gate G
Exactly. I don't think that's what he was talking about but that's the one I like. Yeah, we'll take it anyway
Nobody's gonna be listening to all this
Heat talk on the year anyway at nighttime because everybody's gonna be watching the game in the SPN
You know they're all on television all the finals am I right about that?
You're right about that as opposed to the NHL Stanley Cup to show you how stupid they are
They got the first two games of the finals on oil and the outdoor life network or whatever it is
Nobody watches and many cables isn't don't even have that on their own thing
So once again the national hockey league shows how stupid they are and of course NBC don't fear anyway
Well, they you know they know no one cares
Now I guess that's it but boy they got to be killing themselves Edmonton and Carolina. Oh my god
What a matchup that would be like that would be like Dallas and Miami in the NBA final
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home. Are you sure that Steve Nash don't play for the Maverick?
Yes, no the only reason I said that is he used to you were right. Yeah
Well, why don't they get rid of his obvious two years ago?
Well, I'm the day one no wonder they won the division the conference right? Yeah, cuz he's not very good or anything
No, he only won the MVP again who had that story first right here, huh?
Three years and around who had that story on first before anybody in the world
We did believe those you yeah, yes, even though I have no interest in it and then he looks like hell anyway
If he looks really good like very what's his name is Rick very son what that was his name?
Brent very what was it Brett Barry Brett?
Rhymes with you fat. I don't know what is it?
But I sure like to would like to find out hey if you think you have termites in your home
You need to call ridded pest control today for a free termite inspection and right now is the beginning of two
Grotesque things for a cane season and termite season so get with it
Ridded pest control uses an amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and termite eggs on a percent of contact
So before the termites start eating all the wood in your house needs out a house and home
Call ridded please because when they come in with that orange or other gone faster than you can say Todd Rex a schmuck
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them
You don't have to tense your house either god there's nothing two things in the world
More embarrassing in your hood than some idiots god is house tainted up like a circus
It is grotesque and of course it's like a message to everybody within a mile
Don't have to worry about poisonous gas no moving out or staying in hotels or mode a mode mode deals
For days when we sit at time no worrying about food or pets in your health because the post-it ridded pest control
Treat your home with this amazing orange oil. You don't have to leave it all in fact when they're done treating your
Property the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days
You'll feel like you're in citrus country. It's true if you have a termite problem call ridded pest control right now and
Find out about this amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and termite eggs
100% on contact no tending no BS no kidding. We could sure use them at Q.A.M
Call right now for a free termite inspection 1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 8
Absolutely no obligation 1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 8 when you call be sure and tell me the old Todd Dreck
Throw it you call they will pee in their pants 1 800 4 4 7 4 3 3
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5 16 Q
ASH
beware of exploding Bosphorus
SECONDS
FLURP
Health
Centaur
I've been working in Poland, Brittany, and American Idol.
Oh, yeah.
That's the American Idol.
Good God.
Here's Patrick Kennedy.
He's out of the show.
Which means that there are probably people who want him.
He's out of rehab.
You know what the first thing you said?
I was the first thing you said this morning.
He's out of rehab.
I'm just, I'm burnt out on him.
I'm tired of him.
Yeah.
Just another, now it would be terrible to say just another piece
of the face drunk in Irishman.
That would be bad.
That would be redundant.
But it would be okay.
Warren and Bokers got a good fact here.
They're going to get a lot of people very pissed off.
But he's right.
Nice going, Warren.
The only thing I like about the great-for-let is cherry-garcy ice cream.
I would agree with that.
That's good stuff.
He said they have to be stoned.
Listen to their music.
I think that's the idea, Warren.
Hey, let me tell you.
It doesn't help.
What is it?
It doesn't help.
And that's going to get the person pissed off that sending us the five paid wick
of media entry for them for some reason.
Oh, boy.
As if we need not interested.
Okay.
See, what did I tell you?
Those people are like a religion to them.
They're like, it's like a sickness.
Right.
Cherry Garcia illness.
We got 800 and 900 three votes already.
Oh, it's just barely 1130.
We got over 900 votes.
Aren't you very impressed?
A lot.
We haven't eaten.
We haven't eaten any of those two other categories yet, which I'm sure you're, oh, yeah, we have.
But they just got on there.
904.
Which of these people are things are you most tired of hearing about enough already?
Tom Cruise, 219.
Amen.
Hey, Tommy.
You fell.
Oh, hey, wait.
Go back in a closet and shut the door.
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't dare say.
I don't dare say what I said to you off here about, um, um, daily show last night.
Oh, no.
If you think the grateful dead people get up, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I won't say it.
I saw it like five minutes.
It was just an off, off segment.
That's what Tom Cruise, 219, brand-gillated 200, Natalie Holloway 156.
Oh, the chick from Aruba who could probably play the tuba.
Maybe that's why they took her out there.
They're not in the shoes.
It's scuba diving.
They thought that she could play the tuba.
Illegal aliens 65, or maybe she refused to play the tuba.
Maybe that's why she has loops with the fishes.
In fact, you know, they had what's his name, the weather guy there from CNN.
What is his name?
Rob Marciano.
They kept showing he was at the, uh, that big sequerium in Atlanta there with the sharks and the fishes.
Wouldn't it surprise me?
I think the reason they were there is they were expecting like Natalie to float by pretty soon.
You think?
Wouldn't it have been great?
That'd be something.
They can't fight Jimmy Hoffman's body, but Natalie sleeps with the fishes in Atlanta.
And the big crowd.
I think there's anything left to hurt him.
No.
She and Luca Brasso, they look the same.
Ricky William 63.
I hate this pool 61.
Iraq 52.
Shaq 44.
Shaq!
Shaq!
I can attack in Iraq.
Joyce 28.
I ran only 60.
I want to hear about I ran because that's the new hot deal now, the Iranians.
Is it hot?
I got an issue.
Yeah, that's awesome.
I still can't say his name.
I'll smile on your jab.
Any guy that's got like 17 syllables in the name, I just, I don't pretend that I can pronounce it.
In addition to which nobody has any ID who any of these people are any house, so what's the point?
You know, it's like all those Iraqi names.
One thing about them Muslims, two things I'll tell you.
They are A, snappy dressers and B, reading creative with names.
Not.
God.
An American idol and Brittany just went on there.
And the American idol's already got up here.
How do you like that?
I have 912 votes.
We're going to hit that thousand mark just shortly afternoon today.
Man, oh man.
Let me say it again.
Only 9% of this audience listen to this station between two and four.
I think that back in the Modeys, don't you think there were a few more when it listened between two and four?
They're, I mean, not a lot more, but a few more.
But now it's like just, oh, doing everything in our power, like put up a bulletin, like put up a billboard campaign.
You see that campaign now?
You do not want to be on 560 on your dial between two and four.
No, no.
Can you see it?
I see it.
Two bad billboards can't make noise.
I can't.
Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill Blue, you're very, and thank God he's back, man.
Oh, I was, when he went away there, I thought they had spirited him away, you know?
Mopey Long, they will.
They have theirs.
No, yeah.
It's just like all those other people, you know, they disappear and they have no attorney.
Nobody hears from them again, like that, you know?
Anyway, military commanders in the field in Iraq admit in private reports to the Pentagon, the war is lost.
And that the US military is unable to send them on a violence killing a thousand Iraqi civilians a month.
Even worse, they report the massacre of Iraqi civilians at Adita is just a tip of the iceberg,
with over-stressed out of control American soldiers pushed beyond the breaking point, both physically and mentally.
We're in trouble in Iraq since we've turned army general Barry McCampry, who's all over your TV screen, on non-stop.
Our forces can't sustain this place and I'm afraid the American people are walking away from this war.
Well, the American people never walked into it, okay?
With the American government that lied to their teeth so they could hop into it.
Marine general Peter Pace, chairman of the joint, I think he's in the fourth race at Pompo-no.
Chairman of the joint, he's in staff as click-clamp, a tight security lid on the increasingly pessimistic reports coming out of the field commanders in Iraq.
Threatening swift action against any military personnel who leaked details to the press republic.
The wife of a staff sergeant with Kee-O company, the Marine unit charged with killing civilians at Adita,
tells Newsweek Magazine that the unit was a hotbed of drug abuse, alcoholism, and violence.
There were problems in Kee-O company with drugs, alcohol, hazing, violent initiation games, you name it, you said.
I think it's more than possible that these guys were totally tweaked out on speed or something when they shot those civilians in Adita.
They were tweaked out.
Journalist station with the unit described Kee-O company in the third battalion, Marines as a unit out of control where morale had plummeted and rules went out the window.
The inner watch window they went out?
The rear window?
That's the one.
Similar reports emerged from military units throughout Iraq and even the Iraqi Prime Minister described it.
So let me ask you, were you sorry that you watched the movie or what?
Josh.
Am I sorry I watched it?
In other words was it a total waste of time?
Well, think about it.
Yeah, let me think about it.
I give an hour or two to think about it.
Okay, so I don't want to answer because you're going to pacify me.
I can lose that much in 30 seconds at woodbind, whatever a class for that.
Now you get that Simpson's episode.
What's that?
Simpson's a parody at one episode.
Yeah, so you know what? It's good that I saw.
Well, good.
Similar reports emerged from military units throughout Iraq and even the Iraqi Prime Minister described as American soldiers as trigger-happy goons,
with little regards for the lives of civilians.
Oh sorry.
trigger-happy goons with little regards for the civilians.
That's the Iraqi Prime Minister.
We'll take your his ass pretty soon.
That's right.
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal Al Maliki.
Well, that sounds like that Palamiki.
They used to have the Palamiki's restaurants.
But it was good stuff.
Hmm.
Palamaki, Balamiki, at the Maikai.
And we're not going to have to, I keep saying it, the Mona Loa.
And the Mona Kai.
One of my can't figure out which, which was in Detroit and one of them was in Cheek to Waga outside of Buffalo, the Mona Kai.
Man was echoed.
Proud Minister Nuri Kamal Al Maliki says the murder of Iraqis have had instant become a daily phenomenon by American troops who don't respect the Iraqi people.
They crushed them with their vehicles and killed them just on suspicion.
This is completely unacceptable, Maliki said.
He said it's unacceptable.
The White House tried to play down Maliki's comments saying the Prime Minister was misquoted, although Maliki himself has yet to make such a public claim.
He stands by it.
Can anyone play Maliki's for joining the Resistance now?
We stuff Al-Ani, Aini, Anis, and Iraqi Anilis living in Dubai told us your college trivia.
Maybe they're anal retina because their names have got a lot of Aini in it.
The Resistance and the terrorists alike are feeding off the misbehavior of the American soldiers.
As the Resistance mounts and daily violence escalates, the over-stressed American units are unable to control the mounting violence and conclusions escalate that the war is lost.
Our troops overreacted because of the pressure on them and they killed innocent civilians and co-bloods that represented John Murth, the Democrat of Pennsylvania, Lusom Wait.
The former Commander of American Forces in North America admits incidents like a death end of the impression that the U.S. cannot win the war.
Allegations such as this read regardless of how they're born out by the facts can have an effect on the ability of U.S. forces to continue to operate, so the Army Brigadier General Carter-Hamm, Trayf.
Others say the incident shows the U.S. has lost the hearts and minds of the Iraqi people.
When something like Adita happens, it gives the impression that Americans can't be trusted to provide security, which is the most important thing to a record on a day-to-day level, since Anthony Cortisman and Iraq experts have been centered for strategic and international studies.
It tends to confirm all of the worst interpretations of the U.S. are not simply an Iraq but also Afghanistan and the region.
I thought we killed all of them in the Taliban. I guess what the eye-poppy is about to be on top of their hit parade again.
That's by far and away, the number one export, the eye-poppy.
How do you like it? It's an eye-popper.
I guess we got well over 9-her-a-vote on a pull-by now.
9-22, then is spectacular. Britain, you don't have any but American idols, you have five already.
They never get tired of Britain, you inspired the fact that you're trash and harassed all of them.
What a time I would have wanted to.
I know, but he's just too much.
It's all hype.
It's all orchestrated. It's all like Michael Jackson with the hyperbaric chamber and the elephant man.
Oh, good, Gali. Like Donnie Asmental, it's just where is you going?
Madonna with all her contri- it's like Mr. Ego, man, only these people are making money. Contradi controversy.
Some people have worked for in his case. I think he had too many peppercorns on his island.
It's 11-42-18 before noon. Don't forget tomorrow is 6-6-6.
We'll be sure to watch the original Omen with Gregory Peck and Lee Remick.
It's good.
And they showed the clip this morning of the new one and whatever they made the manny's name was.
You know, the one to show up. That's the main to show up.
The original one, I mean, she had that Ego look. She was great.
But this one looks just like Sally Struthers.
I'm a lecturer who wants to see her, but it's scary as a watermelon.
Speaking of watermelon, the summer season is fast approaching, which means it must be close to father's day.
Do something special this year for your father.
In fact, it's coming up a week from Sunday, June 18.
We all know what dad's like to do under big day and beside that they like to eat big time.
It's time to call the melting pot and make a reservation for father's day.
Boy, this is a fabulous place. Really, dad will love it.
The melting pot is a fondue restaurant addition to their famous cheese and chocolates.
They serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours.
Hardy on trace from Cedric Fethelay Minion to Black and Shrimp,
Teriyaki's Sourloin, pork lobster and lots more.
We're talking definitely serious food for a serious appetite.
Take it from me. Nobody ever walks away from the melting pot hungry.
In fact, they walk out of there. They waddle out with a big smile on their ugly push.
They have an award-winning wine list to boot.
Don't forget to melt the pot's famous desserts.
This will put dad into orbit, man, especially if he's diabetic.
You're guaranteed to put a big smile on dad's face.
So make that call to the invite dad to dip into something really different.
Most dads do it like every now and then dipping into something different at the melting pot restaurant.
Nearby you, we're talking a full four-course gift for dad from you.
Don't forget to tell him that all Neil sends you about it in the melting pot.
Call and make your reservations for a Sunday June 18 today at the melting pot in Coral Springs.
Boka for Lauderdale, North Miami Beach, Cooper City or most prestigious and congested Kendall.
This is Neil Rogers, what's all it? This is 5.60 Q.A.S.
Were you dredged back in?
Some of the activities you were about to witness are extremely dangerous.
It should not be attempted by anyone under any circumstance.
Your discretion advised.
This is Ripley's Belinent or Nine.
Brittany, you've been really careless with your baby lately.
Well, I didn't think of it at the time.
His head is really fragile.
I know, I did the little bizarre.
The bones in the top of his head aren't completely formed yet.
You could literally stick your finger right through the top of the head.
I don't believe you did that.
It's 1146.
I got another one for you.
For the poll, Duke Lacrosse team.
They're being reinstated today.
Does anybody care?
I am so tired of hearing about that.
Did they rape this chick today?
Now, who cares?
People are getting raped every single day.
Thousands of them.
Which of course is not amusing in spite of what somebody used to say.
Do it, do it, do it.
But nevertheless.
It's just too much.
Too much of the same crap.
Like I told you, back during the Aelion days, if anybody ever doubted, that was proof of it.
The media, it's like they have a meeting.
Conference calls.
They sit around and they decide, what's important?
This is something important that we can beat it into the ground.
It's obfuscation.
Divert to public attention.
All these innocent people are dying every day, including American people.
They're the chambers somewhere.
They're the Illuminati.
That's right.
Like that non-group in Miami where they sit around a big old table.
They sit and make these decisions.
I think the Bilderberg is done.
But anyway, by the way, there's Bilderbergers, especially if you put cheese on them.
Really trade.
That's what Gary Sarner warned us.
So don't be eating no Bilderbergers.
Although those buzzbergers are really good.
You get a buzz from them?
Yeah.
937 votes on a poll were fast approaching that thousand mark.
Well, we're going to have to like start upgrading or setting our girls a little bit higher.
Especially like in the arbitrage.
567, let's get up to a one share of the other day parts.
Okay?
It would be good.
I always wondered.
You know, I always wondered when it would get to this point after all these years.
And you finally just get dragged down right to the muck and the mire.
I think we're seeing it now.
Especially with this current regime.
And these are crazy people.
What are they thinking about?
Do you have any idea?
What?
Exactly.
And then I ask the Humper because it says in my schedule, Dick Stockton, Leslie Visor,
are filling for him on Wednesday morning.
This is but it might be Friday.
This schedule looks like it's something took a bunch of other than today and tomorrow.
Those are fine.
But other than that, it looks like the whole rest of the week.
So let me take a bunch of names of stuff and people and things and just put them on sheets of little pieces of paper
and put them in a hat and threw them all up in the air and just, you know, they just landed somewhere.
Just bizarre.
But anyway, we don't care anymore.
Okay?
We're just here to do the best we can.
Okay?
Just lie a lot for us.
We're under a lot of duress.
Okay? Pretend you're listening even if you aren't.
I mean, every day.
Oh, every day of your life.
Just listen a lot.
Or not.
Right?
Right.
I'm going to say it again now.
I don't want to sound like some expert because I'm way behind the curve on this.
And it's your fault.
Clearly.
And you should tell me you get the eye pad a long time ago.
Well, I've been talking about him.
Never, you never told me to get one.
I guess you figured I was too much of an old funny W.
I can never figure out how to use it anyway.
No, I just figured you were.
You were just listening to music.
I know.
I'm done listening to music now.
Yeah.
Who now wants to hear this music that's on now?
You call this music?
No.
I'm not done listening to music.
I just don't know for life of me, whereas especially in Florida where you've been here any good music that anybody would want to hear.
If you're not going to hear it on a radio.
That's why all these people that subscribe to the series next time for the music.
They just kill me.
Like I said, if you want to hear Howard, do you want to hear some of the, you know, programming on it?
Yeah, that's one thing.
But to spend money to hear music that somebody else is picking out and it's just crazy to me.
I can do that on my cable.
Do you want to hear it?
I think I got it on here.
Go for it.
I mean, I got 80 billion.
Oh, I can still do probably one.
What a motley.
People that have a Lucianite.
Oh, the one spots.
That's one of those vibrating toothbrushes.
I mean, I got 80 billion.
New game, George, I don't know who to want to know spots.
Where's the one?
Oh, here you go.
Punch.
More spots.
Boy, spots up the old, what's this one?
Man, you got spots on the music channels?
That's tough.
On other words, you don't have spots on the music channel.
You don't have spots on the music channel.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you're looking.
Oh, I thought you were turning.
I'm going to those two.
I'm going to those two.
Let me skate to your heart.
No, not now are the music channels that are just the music channels.
Okay, Schmuck.
I got 1,000 channels on my cable.
This guy's giving me a seminar on my...
But...
And what are you doing like, we're winning.
Oh, in the house, Miami, Oh, six.
Oh, let's keep that on all day.
You have 45 here.
Do the...
Just a shadow.
So basically you get a music on there on your TV that you're getting in your way.
Unless you got a TV in your car, I guess.
But now that you got your iPod and your MP3 and your Sony Walkman,
all of these other devices, I mean, you've got to be living in the stone age to pay money.
You know, because this way you load in all the music that you like and you want to hear.
Right.
What a concept.
Actually, there isn't this stuff that you like and you want to hear.
As opposed to stuff that Bob Hamilton likes are on magic,
which is worse than stuff that you flush down the toilet every day.
I mean, I can't believe what a jerk he is.
Even Ricky Tiki probably hates him like and wishes he would die.
How come they don't make Ricky Tiki the PD over there?
I bet you the music.
And the numbers would go way up if they did.
He probably don't want it, you know.
I said, hey, Ricky, you ought to be the PD.
He said, I don't want it.
You know, that's not how it's studying.
More computers program, everything.
Folks, groups and computers.
Oh, like Rosemary, what's your name on CKLW?
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What's silly-ass crap?
What's silly-ass crap?
Some of the people I've worked with in this business, my God.
961 votes on a poll.
I'm impressed.
Takes a lot to impress me.
Which of these people or things are you most tired of doing about?
And you're wrong on Brittany.
They're not, you know, they're not as high on her as they once were, but nevertheless,
they still want to, you know, take a peek.
Tom Cruise, 227.
He's leading the pack.
And Brangeline's right on Tommy's ass.
Got a lot of company.
212 votes for Brangelina.
And I think, you know, I think most people like Brad Tudokay.
They love Angelina, but you know what they're tired of hearing about it.
Damn it.
Enough already.
Just get naked and shut up.
You know, I mean, all these other people have babies all the time.
And nobody gets all whipped up into a frenzy and the paparazzi aren't chasing them around it.
You know, in the, in the, uh, uh, uh, wiles of Africa for crying out loud.
Natalie Holloway, the chick from a Rubah 174.
How's she doing, by the way?
And Natalie.
Over here, Natalie.
I mean, Dr. Phyllis has got living proof that she's still alive.
Illegal aliens, 66.
They want to hear a lot about that because they hate you people.
Rikki, where do you know you're not here illegal, but they'll, they'll make it herself.
What are you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
For time.
Rikki, where do you have a 66?
I hate this poll.
They do hate that 62.
I rack 54.
Shaq 46.
Shaq and a rack.
Me Shaq and the bed we go.
Joyce 29.
That bitch.
See, they like to hear it about her.
In fact, they'd like to form a posse and go over and like kick her ass.
Let's do that.
Let's have the QM posse and go over to Naples and just to beat the crap out of her.
Hang her from an old oak tree.
All right.
I think they have any oak trees in Florida though.
They do.
Do they?
There's all kinds of different kinds of oak.
Get out of here.
Over the country.
Maple trees.
They've got no maple trees in Florida.
I'll check.
I know they got some.
We got maple mad.
This place is obsessed with maple.
Everything that's over there.
Same from on top of the North Atlantic.
Candy and the last maple.
Bar.
Lasses and maple leaves and maple leaves and maple.
Oh, brother.
I'm not that crazy about it.
I did like maple-lein cake though.
My aunt Gussie used to make maple-lein cakes.
She was in my father's side.
Buckwheat cereal.
Couldn't stand her, but her maple-lein cake was very good.
American Idol 20.
See, it's only been under a couple of minutes.
It's already up to 20.
They just tired her.
I ran seven.
Duplacross team only went in.
Britney Spears so far.
967 more.
Oh.
They want to hear more about Britney.
They want to hear about more.
Baby, she's having how she's doing it.
They want to see pictures.
They're not tough and milky.
Right.
They don't want to see Kevin Feeder line.
Like they're seeking in a box.
Yeah.
Boy, as he should see.
Good God.
Maybe he smells real bad.
You can tell like Madonna.
Oh, man.
I wouldn't be surprised if I see her at wood buying one day.
Oh, my God.
It's Madonna.
Couldn't there be any place on the face of the Western world where there's more stinky
people than wood buying?
You think there's stinky machines and stinky people?
Oh, God.
There was one Indian guy next to me.
I thought I was going to swoon on Saturday.
I thought I was going to not only my losing my ass until I finally broke through it and got
even at about three o'clock.
Well, I'll tell you, I came so close to leaving, you know, to just throw it in the towel.
But as long as you still got some cash in your purse, you keep chasing and chasing and
every once in a while, you get lucky.
Anyway, this kid smelled like he had bathed in curry.
Oh, God.
Seriously, in fact, that's probably, I don't know if curry really tastes good.
I don't like it.
I'm not into it.
No, I don't know anybody who is because just the aroma just makes you want to vomit.
Although I don't want to say it.
Three minutes before noon, I was going to say something about the people from India.
A lot of them look awfully awfully good and the ones that are born like here in the Western
world, they don't smell like that.
It's like the Chinese and some of the Asian people, if they were born here, they like to smell
like people.
You were born smell.
Huh?
The Chinese people smell.
Hell, they don't.
They were getting there.
You're crazy.
You're out of your mind.
I've never whiffed one.
Oh, my God.
Come up here sometime and you'll be on the ground.
Really?
Holy.
Why is that?
I didn't think Asian people smelled.
Well, okay.
Only the ones that are born over there.
Okay.
Now, you notice how sanitary it is over there too.
That's why all the diseases are over there like SARS and...
Oh, in China.
Oh, yeah.
There are about Iran's, all these flu, I think.
Well, that's because they eat anything.
You know, just they do it all.
I think of that.
Exotica.
Miami Beach is a fun and exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new product
and services from the adult industry.
Oh, my God.
Meet adult stars including Jenna Jamison, the highly desirous Jenna Jamison, although highly
used, and the club Jenna Girls, Therapeutic and others.
Take pictures you can brag about for years.
Shop for something sexy and the largest it all markets place on the East Coast.
Enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the comedic starlings of Ron Jeremy.
Oh, is he funny or what?
To a 15 person male and female group performance.
Enjoy hours of entertainment for less cock-body contest and lots more.
Whatever way you decide to celebrate your sexiness, enjoy it with Exotica.
That's with three X's of course at the Miami Beach Convention Center.
It promises to be a memorable experience.
Go to Exotica.
Miami.com.
That's with three X's.
Let me say it again.
Exotica.
Miami.com.
Buy your tickets, check out who's coming and get info on the Nightly Actor Parties.
Exotica.
Miami.com Friday June 9th.
That's this Friday through Sunday the 11th.
In other words, this weekend sounds like to me.
It's all happening at the Miami Beach Convention Center must be 18 and over with Valid ID.
Exotica.
Miami Beach is celebration of sexy this weekend on the beach.
This is Neil Roger.
Oh, my God.
This is 5.62 a.m.
This is Nick Cheney.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil
Roger's 12th of one hour.
Mm-hmm.
Hey.
How long have you been protesting that time in fire?
Not much more than three basic goals.
I say, but you're a criminal and a liar.
I just do how to notice that before.
Let's see how.
I spent my spare time driving down some libs.
Put them all together so they're around.
Something easy to sing like a protest animal.
But I haven't done anything like that in my 30s.
I'm so glad I'm getting on high.
I wrote my share of songs, years ago.
You've got peace, though, I said I'd thought I was right.
But I get time to open this crack for long.
If you see a moment that I go to my refrigerator, I work more just down there and I think it's
going bad.
If it's still good, I'll make your stuff much later.
And by 99 a pound, that would make me sad.
Can you push us in the office?
Okay, that's good enough.
So I guess who will Steve Nash and he is a woman?
Okay, he's a lady.
I said.
Why is Josh out of the room now?
What are you talking about?
No, I'm right here.
Steve Nash are just pictures of money on the internet.
He was a woman?
No, he is a woman.
Oh, okay.
Best lady basketball player in the world, I would say that.
I would agree that.
Speaking of sports, the Rocky's picture religion, all I can say is,
oh my god.
When does this stuff?
We had that story on last week about how this is increasingly becoming more and more and all the prayers and all this other cockroach going on.
This is the ultimate.
I'm going to tell you again after getting swept by the Marlins of three games,
the Rockies must be praying to the wrong God.
They better try like Buddha or somebody, because the Lord sure ain't working for them.
And Jesus, he ain't given a crack for the Rockies.
In Colorado, there stands a holy shrine called Corusfield.
On this site named for the holiest of beers, a team plays that has been chosen by Jesus Christ himself
to play 500 baseball in the National League West.
They sure can't be 500 no more.
I'll be bet, what's their record now?
They're under.
They got to be.
Who the fish?
No.
I was getting ready.
The fish.
The way 19 and 34.
I'm talking about the Rockies.
Oh, I don't know what the record is.
Oh, why not?
You want to keep track of the Colorado Rockies?
No, but I'm just thinking maybe you had some idea.
It's not a big deal.
I have to get testy about it.
I'm not going to send you any more great outfit.
Look, they're turd burgers.
Okay.
And that's right.
In fact, if you took the games that the Marlins won against Colorado,
the Cubs and Washington out of their, took that out of the equation,
it wouldn't have won 10 games this season.
Am I right about that?
Absolutely correct.
So that's a pretty sad comment here.
In other words, when they play like American Legion Little Girls teams,
they win a few games in the paper.
Oh, the Marlins make it a big comeback.
They're turning it around now.
They won nine of their last 13 or some crap like that.
What we do.
And if you don't believe me, it says about Jesus,
just asked the manager, the general manager, and the team's owner.
This is so sick.
So sick.
And you talk about religious intolerance and about just crazy people.
I still say I'm going to make that movie, Goi-in, Goi-in Wild.
All right.
In a remarkable article from Wednesday's USA Today,
the Colorado Rockies went public with the news that the organization
has been explicitly looking for players with character.
And according to the tribe of Cours, character means accepting Jesus Christ as your person Lord and Savior.
A bit of Sandy Kofas couldn't have pitched on that team.
No Jews allowed.
We're nervous to be honest with you, Rocky's General Mangler, Daniel Dowd said,
it's the first time we were talked about these issues publicly.
The last thing we want to do is defend anyone because of our beliefs.
Right.
When people are nervous that they will offend you with their beliefs,
it's usually because their beliefs are offensive.
As Rocky's chairman and CEO Charlie Montfort said,
we had to go to Helen Baxter over the Holy Grail is,
we went through a tough time and took a lot of arrows.
Club President Kelly McGregor chimed in,
who knows where we go from here?
The ability to handle success will be a big part of the story too,
note to McGregor you're in fourth place.
There will be distractions, there will be things that can change people,
but we truly do have something going on here,
and God is using us in a powerful way.
Well God must be having a bad year, you know what?
God must be having a myriot Mendoza kind of year,
hitting about 220.
Well someone is using somebody, but it ain't God.
San Francisco joins First Basement out for your remarks,
Sweeney who spent 2003 and 4 with the Rocky said,
you wonder if some people are going along with it just to keep their jobs.
Look, I pray every day, a half faith, it's always been part of my life,
but I don't want something forced on me.
Did they really have to check to see whether I have a playboy in my locker?
Then there's manager Plent Hurdle and GMO Dowd.
Hurdle who's gotten to the team to fill us in 300 and 376 records
since 2002, 74 games under 500,
as well as 4th and 5th place finishes every year,
was rewarded with the 2007 contract extension in the off season.
Hurdle also claims he became a Christian three years ago
and says we're not going to hide it, we're not going to deny it,
deny it, this is who we are.
O Dowd who also received the contract extension
believes that there are 27 and 26 2006 record.
That was before this last weekend when I got swept by the Lowly Marlins,
as resulted from the active intervention of the Almighty.
So if God's on you, so I can play about 500 ball, huh?
Maybe the Marlins ought to start praying a little bit more.
You look at things that have happened in West this year,
you look at some of the moves that Maiden didn't make,
you look at some of the games that were winning,
those are just the coincidence, God has definitely had a hand in this.
Or maybe the management that prays together gets paid together.
O Dowd and company bend over back with the article to say
that there are tolerate of other reviews on the club,
but that's contradict the like statements from CEO Montfort,
who says I don't want to offend anyone,
but I think character wise, we're stronger than anyone in baseball.
Christians and what they've endured
and some of the strongest people in baseball have really got
sent signs and we're seeing those.
Assumably Sean Green, Jewish, Echero Suzuki, Shinto,
or any of the Godless prayers from Cuba don't have the character
Montfort is looking for.
Also, there are only two African American players on the Rocky's Active roster.
Is this because Montfort doesn't think black players have character?
Is the organization endorsed the statement
about stadium's namesake William Cours,
who told a group of black businessmen in 1984
that Africans like the intellectual capacity to succeed
and it's taken them down the tubes?
Cue!
These are admittedly difficult questions,
but these are the questions that need to be posed when the
walked in order of discrimination clouds the air,
the walked in order you can smell it.
Hmm.
Maybe it's an Indian guy again.
Those like that.
There are the fans, I spoke with journalist Tom Krattenmacher,
who studied the connection between religion and sports.
Krattenmacher said,
I have concerns about what a Christianization of the Rockies means
to the community that supports the team in and around Denver,
a community in which evangelical Christians are probably a minority
albeit a large influential one.
Taxpayers and ticket buyers in a religiously diverse community
have a right not to see their team a crazed-out public resource
used for the purpose of advancing a specific form of religion.
Had the Colorado Rockies become a faith-based organization,
this can be especially problematic when a religion in question is one
that makes exclusive claims and sometimes integrates
the validity of other belief systems.
You might think majorly baseball commissioner Bud Sealig would have
something stirring to say about the issue, but Sealig who asked
and actually registered a pulse since 94 only said
meekly they have to do what they feel is right.
Well, is that compelling or what?
It's not surprising that Sealig would play its saw first and foremost,
Bud's first commandment is they all shot not criticize the owner.
Second Sealig and Majorly baseball this year are experimenting
for the first time with faith days at the park.
As if last season's military appreciation nights were enough,
the New York Times reported that this summer religious
promotions will hit majorly baseball.
That's the story we had last Friday.
The Atlanta Braves are planning three of faith days this season,
the Arizona Diamondbacks one, and the Florida Marlins have tentatively
scheduled a faith night for September.
Everybody should boycott that game.
Well, of course, how can you tell with the Marlins?
These religious promotions are attractive to owners because they leverage
a market of evangelical Christians who are a custom mass worship
and stadiums at events staged by sports-driven proselytizers
like promise keepers and athletes in action.
As part of the Major League promotion of Times reports,
local churches will get this kind of tickets to family friend of the evening
as a music and sports of the Christian theme.
And in return, they mobilize their vast infrastructure of email and phone
lists, youth programs and shaperones,
and of course, their bust fleets tell Phil the Stans.
And one of the faith days in Atlanta, the team will sell special vouchers
after the game the sands will be cleared, and then only those with
a specially purchased vouchers will be re-admitted.
Those lucky chose to be treated to out-and-a-half of Christian music
and a testimonial from Ace Pitcher John Smoltz.
Smoltz is the player in 2004 who apined on game-erage to the AP
saying, what's next, mirroring an animal?
Good times for the whole family.
The Rockies right now are a noxious reflection of a time in US history
when general speak of crusades and the president recounts
his personal conversations with the all-way.
You're doing a heck of a job, Gotti.
I wonder if it has John Gotti.
In Montfort, O'Dout and Hurtle-Wies, if they want to pray in their own time
or power to them, but the ballpark isn't a church,
Smoltz isn't a preacher, and fans aren't a flock.
Instead of using their position of commercial power to feel like God-squad,
the Rockies might want to think about getting some decent players.
There was once this guy named Babe Ruth, not too much for religion as
character was less than sterling, but I hear it could place some decent ball.
Right, David Zerrin in the nation.
How do you like that, man?
Go and gone wild, man. It's crazy.
Crazy.
And that's why at the time when everything has gone ahead,
every single issue is in the toilet.
What do they pull out of their hat?
They're old bag of tricks and they do me old.
Oh, gay marriage again. Your president is going to be speaking 145 again this afternoon
about the sanctity of hetero marriage, one man or one woman.
Oh, of course it's good Republicans like Henry Hyde, who was a two women and one man.
Right? Right. Maybe they should make divorce illegal if they're serious about preserving
the sanctity of marriage.
I see. Well, tell that to Newt Gingrich.
Of course the first one died anyway.
999 right on the verge on the porch.
You're saying we're all going to be running the verge.
999 on that pool.
And the Brittany finally got a couple of votes.
Well, thank God for that. We don't want to leave her out.
1213 at 560 W. Kim, we got boldness afternoon.
The two is going to be intensive. Make no mistake about that.
Then we got mad dog four to seven. There's going to be intensive.
And then we got gilby seven nine thirty.
He's going to say, oh, you'll be pleased to know.
You'll be very proud of me that I...
I'm a one, no jelly.
Don't forget to read that.
You lay.
And don't forget about that too.
Hey, if you love voting, you can go out there and spend a ton of money to buy a vote.
And that's just when the hassle starts. If you're smart, stop and call Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt rent right now
before you make a bad, expensive mistake.
Why pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
Join the club at Club Notico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
You'll be amazed just how easy it is. There are no docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, or no hurricane preparation.
And guess what? Hurricane season's already started. In case you haven't noticed.
With a vote from Club Notico, it's totally stress-free and affordable too.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent. No getting the vote ready because Club Notico does it for you.
No cleaning up either because of Club Notico. You just tap on your vote and go.
When you done pulling off the dock, it often leaves. Just walk away. It's that easy.
Club Notico, call 1-800-Bolt rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go.
From small votes to the odd charters and everything in between.
Orderly stirring. It's Club Notico. Call 1-800-Bolt rent. Let Club Notico tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today. The hassle-free, the smarter, the less expensive way by making that one easy call to Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt rent.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-62-A-X.
Order sucks.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you, Mr. Guy, who still thinks Bush is doing a good job.
Mr. Guy is still thinking Bush is a...
You commute to work with a smile on your face as you pay $3.78 a gallon at adjust the plastic Jesus on your desk for.
Bush is approval ratings are at an all-time low, but you don't care.
You're a red stator and broke back Mountain, never played a theater near you.
Don't watch, brother, we've been there.
There's no such thing as global warming. Those sinners in New Orleans, carpet they deserve.
And yes, the earth was created in seven days.
Don't you live at a civil lose house?
The war in Iraq is a noble fight. And by golly, one day we'll find those nasty weapons of mass destruction.
So we salute you, Mr. Guy, who still thinks Bush is doing a good job.
You're gascuzzling SUV, you're 2.2 children and you're ignorance.
You are a real American A-hole.
Absolutely.
No question about a 1218-560WQAM Canadian police for a homegrown terrorist attack arresting 17 suspects, apparently inspired by Al-Qaeda.
We'll obtain, and by the way, these guys got together online on a chat board.
But I tell you about your kids going on chat boards, kill them.
We'll obtain three times the amount of explosives used in the Oklahoma City Bombing official said this weekend.
The FBI said the Canadian suspects may have had limited contact with two men recently arrested on terrorism charges in Georgia.
About 400 regional police and federal agents participated in the rest Friday or week Saturday.
These individuals were allegedly in center committing acts of terrorism against their own country, their own people,
the anxious prime minister, Stephen Harper said in a statement, as we have said on many occasions, Canada is not immune to the threat of terrorism.
The Royal Canadian-Mounted Police, the RCMP, arrested the suspects ages 19-43.
On terrorism charges including plotting attacks with explosives on Canadian targets, the suspects were either citizens or residents of Canada had trained together police said.
They were not in the way in the Canada. They were not in that category.
The group had taken steps to acquire three times of ammonium nitrate and other bomb-making materials.
Three times you might use to blow up the morale federal building on April 1995 in Oklahoma City, telling 168 people to drain more than 800.
Said RCMP Commissioner Mike McDonald.
I wonder if he's kin to Paul MacDeniel.
This proposed a real serious threat, McDonald, said it had the capacity and intent to carry out these attacks.
Luke Portellans, assistant director of operations with Canada Spy Agency, CSIS Ceases, said the subject's superior would become adherence of a violent ideology inspired by al-Qaeda but that investigators have yet to prove a link to the terror network.
Five of the suspects were led in handcuffs, said, and they had to be on theory accorded justice, which was surrounded by snipers and bomb-sniffing dogs.
Adjabes told them not to communicate with each other and set their first bail hearing for tomorrow.
Tied security required visitors to the court to remove their shoes to pass through three checkpoints guarded by police carrying assault rifles and submachine guns.
How do you like that?
FBI Special Agent Richard Cauco and Washington said there may have been a connection between the Canadian suspects and a Georgia Tech student and another American who traveled to Canada to meet with Islamic extremists to discuss locations for a terrorist strike.
The rumor was they were going to blow up the CN Tower in a few other buildings.
Sion Harris Ahmed and Aksha Nul Islam Saddiqi, US citizens who grew up in the Atlanta area were arrested in March.
Ahmed and Mohamed and Mohamed and Ahmed, it's kind of like Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy you know.
Officials at the news conference displayed evidence of bomb-making materials.
According to reports Saturday in the Toronto Star setting unidentified police sources, the suspect attended a terrorist training camp north of Toronto and had applauded to attack the Canadian spy agencies downtown Toronto office, among other targets in Ontario province, including the CN Tower.
It was used to be the Seagrum Tower and it was a big ass. It would have flopped right over on the top of the Ryder Center and pissed off working Williams.
The suspects lived either in Toronto or in the nearby cities of Mississauga and Kingston.
Robert Chitaggi Gilmore is not happy about that or what's his name? What's his name? Kurt Muller, good Kingston boy.
Rocco Galati or his act gelati. Nothing like good gelati. Rocco Galati lawyer for the two suspects from Mississauga said Ahmed, see there it is again, Ghani 21, is a health sciences graduate from McMaster University in Hamilton.
He was born in Canada the son of a medical doctor who merged from Trinidad and Tobago.
Charif Abdel-Haline 30, he's about 30.
Factor, man.
As a computer programmer, he immigrated from Egypt 20 years ago with his father, now an engineer in the, with atomic energy of Canada.
Uh oh, talk about Runa'bambu Grande, how do you like that? The charges came under Canada's anti-terrorism act.
Portlands of Canada's spy agency said it was the nation's largest counterterrorism operation since the adoption of the act and then more arrests were possible.
All of these things.
Add everybody's all whipped up and of course some of the Muslim leaders are saying, see it's racial profiling again and you're picking on us poor Muslim, yeah well quit bombing people, okay?
And maybe they won't pick on you so much, quit planning all these bombings, who the hell needs three tons of ammonium nitrate?
Maybe they didn't really have three tons, maybe they just all infarded a lot.
Right, maybe they had an Indian neighbor that tried to throw it out the aromatics.
Yeah, that could be it.
Eating too much curry over the weekend might have done it.
Andy and Miami Beach Facts isn't says, first of all, happy belated Chavua. So do we miss Chavua? Oh, hey, hey.
Good God. I had a sure, I assume you were going to take the day off Friday for it.
Yeah, I'm going to start taking off all the Jew holidays and the boys, your holidays and the Muslim holidays and the Buddhists and the sick.
I'm going to have a few sick days every year.
I know that you hate basketball and I don't hate it. I just have no interest in it. There's a difference.
I liked it when it was interesting and worthwhile watching, but that's a long time ago when Rick Berries' kid was playing.
I know they hate basketball and watch the heat games, but it is a sight to see.
The entire mean is filled with people wearing white. That's the theme for the playoffs. No.
And it looks like a cult. All of them unable to make facial expression due to excessive vote talks.
What is that word?
I don't know. You see a geo. What is that? Vote talks. You cago.
What does that mean? I'm looking. Sorry, Andy. We don't know what that I don't know what that means. Look at that.
I've tested filing articles. It's not that enough that we have to slow down for school zones.
Some are going to have to slow down for senior zones. How do you like that?
That's in Hillsborough County. That's Tampa, man.
It's one of 10 out of this is of no interest to our audience. Okay. Sorry, Andy. Thanks for your, uh, ucago.
What is that? I'm looking. I don't know. I never saw that word before or heard of it in my life.
Neither. Well, there you go.
Quick do any marine doubt imitation, Andy. Okay. Quick put in words in there that we don't know and can't pronounce and can't spell and don't know what they mean.
Okay. Quick to be in a smart ass. What any goes on and talks about the seniors in Tampa? Who cares about Tampa? Huh? I sure don't.
I'm going to be flying crap less about it. A man shouting that God will keep him safe was molded.
Oh, no. Maldives by a lion is in key of zoo after equipped into the animals enclosure.
As who official said today, the man shouted God will save me if he exists.
Lowered himself by a rope into the enclosure took his shoes off and went up to the lions.
A lion is one straight form knocked him down and severed his cartoid artery.
The incident last night when a zoo was packed with visitors was the first of its kind at the attraction.
Lions and tigers are kept in the animal island protected by thick concrete blocks, but he sneaked in and he ain't going to be sneaking out.
Kind of like checking into the Rochemotel. They check in, but they never check out. And the same with this guy.
If God exists, he'll save me. Well, I guess what is that?
I think there's the proof that you've been looking for that there isn't any God. All the religions are with him.
So, prove that there isn't any God. You know, like the double negative?
They're the ones that come up with this cockamamae craft. They invented it.
We're supposed to prove that it doesn't exist.
Yeah, prove to me that's not 110 degrees outside somewhere.
Prove there isn't a Martian in your butt right now.
There you go. Prove to me that's an art to any of those Martians in most pants.
Or maybe the just dingleberries. Then he catch for the Cubs ding or a Damon Dingleberry.
Oh, yeah. He was sure better than the George Arardi.
And by the way, I heard yesterday what watched like about four seconds at the Marlin game and that putts, man.
He says, uh, a Joetori, he was talking about Joetra Arardi and he called him Joetori.
Who, your boy Rich?
Your buddy Rich Wallsman, he thinks he is bad.
Why don't they just let what's his name do the whole game?
He's so good, you know. Tommy, yeah.
Tommy, you're hunting. Tommy, you're hunting.
They got the best color guy and the worst play by play guy in the history of baseball broadcast.
Which is it's scandalous.
A guy sounds like about a 10 year old kid sitting in a home in front of his old web core tape recorder trying to be a baseball announcer.
Just pathetic, Rich.
26 past noon. Look, if he was good, I would tell you.
You know, like Tommy Hutton.
And I just say he's the best. He's great.
You just said that. Yeah. Yeah.
Good guy's good. I'll give him all the credit in the world. If he sucks, I'm going to...
That's one thing I can't stand about this business.
And especially the sports angle of it.
They're all in bed together, man.
It's all one big fraternity.
I can't wait to Wednesday morning. If it's Wednesday or Friday, whichever morning, Dick Stockton, Leslie, I like Leslie.
Because she likes this show. But Dick Stockton, man.
Just like I told him, I hanged put him on that day a couple months ago.
And I remember I told him right to his ear. I said, God, you're terrible, Dick.
And he just laughed. He's got the personality of a dead man.
He makes John Wayne seem like a Mexican jumping bean. And Duke's been dead for years.
He died with 40 pounds of manure in his colon by the way.
I thought he was somewhat of a good sport when he came on with Hank.
I agree with that. I agree. But I'm talking about his sportscaster.
I'm not talking about him. He off the ear. He may be a really a fun guy. I don't know.
And I got to say, I don't really mind him personally.
He sucks. He's awful.
And I'll tell you who else I don't like on football, even though he's a fine hockey now.
So you never know he's a good hockey now. So because John Davidson never shuts up long enough for him to the same thing.
And that's Sam Rosen. But as the Ranger Games, he's also one of those, you know, they have all those rotating guys in the NFL
because they got so many games on every week.
Sam is not a good football guy. And I'll tell you who's also one of the very, very worst.
And I don't hate to pick it on him because he's just awful.
Pure nepotism is Kenny Albert. If he wasn't Mark Albert's son, he wouldn't be allowed inside the station.
Much less put on the ear. I agree with you. It sounds like he got 400 pounds of elephant droppings in the mouth.
He's just horrible. What kind of a sound is that that he's making Kenny Albert horrible?
See, this is the problem, man. They got too many games. They don't have enough real announces to put on there.
I'll tell you who still sounds pretty good. Even though I've got turned him about 40 years ago. That's Dick Emberg on NBC. He still sounds good.
Or I see me. He would let them be see what to do the games. You don't like Dick Emberg? He's all right. He's fine.
He's not great, but compared to these other guys that all sound like the same cookie cutter.
And what's that one guy in CBS? What's he's all about?
Very long quiz, man. He's awful. The one that had his hands under a Terry Bradshaw's ass in it.
Remember that promo? Remember that? Yeah. All these sports shots, they're patting each other on the back and on the...
And the hand keeps slipping down a little bit lower on the back.
The way to the ass, you know, I still wonder what that's all about, you know.
Being the old faggot that I am in on, and telling you about Faggery, I really wonder what that is.
That's a gay club you moron. No question about the NFL's a gay club. That's why it's so humorous. They have all these Christian athlete meetings and these prayer breakfast. They're all a bunch of faggot.
You show me a bunch of adult guys that take showers together and snap each other on the ass with a towel. That's a bunch of pansies, you know.
I'm sure Mad Girl continues the truth if he wanted to. Or even Bo Camper or two. I think that's what Kim's topic is today, okay?
Fags in the locker room. When I get great, I would tune into here that. They're there no fags in sports. Right.
Faggery in the locker room is starring Kim of O'Campyr. How about you? He could tell you some stories. And you know who else could probably tell you?
Troy the boy. Oh. Finally, a TV experience like no other. Believe me, Comcast Digital Cable with On Demand is easy to use and lets you take viewer control of a whole new level.
With Comcast On Demand TV is on your terms because you can choose a show on your schedule and pause every one to whenever you want.
And for a limited time, you can get connected to Comcast Digital Cable and HBO On Demand for just $34.99 a month for your first three months.
What's not to like? Why is TV so much better with On Demand? For starters, you can watch over 3,000 free movies and shows whenever you want, whenever you're in a mood.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On Demand is ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons, and so much more, you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it.
You sure can't get all this with satellite. So, ditch your dish today and get big savings up to 550 bucks plus On Demand so you can build your own TV schedule.
And best of all, On Demand is free with Comcast Digital Cable. So pick your showtimes, sit back and you wonder how ever you ever enjoyed life without it.
Call today to order Comcast Digital Cable and HBO with a power of on demand for just $34.99 a month for your first three months.
Invade Call 305 Comcast and of course in prestigious 954 Comcast call for details today, certain restrictions apply.
This is Neil Roger. This is 5.69 AF.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time.
That's absolutely.
Why no longer can't say, in any other everyday way.
You gotta spend your time with me, with me, with me, with me. No matter how I was dying.
As we at least had some days to wait.
You're a big boy.
You're a big boy.
Welcome to the order, thank you for letting me know.
And never try to come out right now.
Take the draw, both his contracts.
Never read it for you, signs.
It says, we reserve the right to pay as little as we like.
Or you'll be on the unemployment line. Sign on the line. Everything will be fine.
So I take me away.
Why am I taking away?
I can't move it.
I can't move it.
I can't move it.
I can't move it.
Come 35 at 5.60 AF.
We have 1,037 votes on a pool all right.
I'm thrilled to be having a dance in your pants.
Keep on dancing.
Keep on dancing.
What do you got?
You got yours in alphabetical order.
It's whatever order you want.
You know, just like I said, you got to sort by artists.
I like when you do that shuttle thing.
It tells you how many songs you got on there.
You shuffle off the bottle of hype.
You don't have that.
Keep on dancing by the gentries.
We don't even have a bit on that.
That's what we did.
What's it called?
Oh, God.
We do it with a tune.
No more dancing.
I don't find it.
No more dancing.
No gentries.
No more dancing.
No more dancing.
No more dancing.
That's not a keep on dancing.
That's right.
What's it called?
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
It's called.
Girls in the stage,
Girls in the stage,
bikini,
They decided to count.
They didn't count.
It didn't count.
It didn't count.
I realized that,
So they were desperate to understand us.
There won't be no hint.
I'm a party too, I party John Ackron.
If they can't get into me, then I think I'll say you do what's happening to work.
Unless you will, then it's take the chance.
I wouldn't try it, I think I'll pass, don't stand.
Don't stand.
Don't do the best, you're paid a four-watch and C2.
Or I'd go out to ask all the bills, don't you? Don't dance.
Don't dance.
Please don't allow dancing here.
You will see, don't act, but pay me a dance, my son.
Stop, let's go to hell.
Oh, oh, oh, dance, let's go to hell.
Then you will dance again, no real sense.
You will go to hell, let's get down, you will go to hell.
Oh, oh, dance, let's go to hell, oh, oh, dance.
You will go to hell, let's go to hell.
Then you will dance again, no real sense.
You will go to hell, let's get down, you will go to hell.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Stop, let's pay you a dance, my son.
And space will rise above your head.
And the hook of hook of guhlin' news.
We'll watch this matter first.
There's light, the room, the room, the room.
Okay, 1240, let's face it, the crazy religionist.
That's what the whole world's all about right now.
I rest my case.
They're all killing each other in Iraq because they're from this sect
and that sect and the setter and so on.
And so we got the crazy goyem of our like,
we got Christian ball games and Christian music and Christian
this and Christian radio stations and TV stations.
And Pat Robertsons on TV tell us who we ought to assassinate.
But give it a good old time religion and you people,
the ones that continue subsidizing and supporting it,
you're the ones to blame.
Supporting all this corrupt in the sane horse crap,
all are all based on hate and intolerance and superstition
and focus, focus and etc.
Get life in focus and show away to your focus, focus.
This is meal, not my suggestion too.
Anybody listening?
No, no, no.
16 of brain, brain dead.
It takes, goes on.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen,
this is Rambore 4 and 5.
Oh, you.
John, Rambore still alive.
I want to make movies 4 and 5.
My life and going great plan of Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambore 2 was in 85 late.
Rambore 3 was in 88.
Show it.
I'm showing it.
My gun.
I did not make this movie with my son.
It ain't insane.
She was in Rocky 5 and daylight.
The tunnel movie.
A little bit cashing what I mean.
I got to hit him off on the pile of creaks.
I got to have a mother dead movie.
Or Broadway show like an enemy.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop playing.
There was still good, I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh, I got left in general for a moment.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambore 4 and 5.
So you get out.
So call me up.
I really get a script I can do by a long word.
Keep it zipped.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a lot more.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be an Oprah.
Now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man show in Port Pepsi.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit cashing what I mean.
I got to get him off from the pile of creaks.
I got to have a mother dead movie.
Or Broadway show like an enemy.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop playing.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
I have a white sub on the camera.
Oh I got left in Sheriff of Kraven.
That's why ladies and gentlemen.
I need to make Rambore 4 and 5.
Absolutely.
Okay, so we played like a fool.
Told you a Humper.
Yeah.
It was Hollywood and a planet Hollywood reunion in Las Vegas last night.
It's sliced along celebrated 60th birthday.
Boy, is he a talent or what?
Can he act?
No.
Can he sing?
No.
Can he speak?
No.
You're Rocky and Rambo Star was joined by fellow planet Hollywood founders Bruce Villas
and California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger for the bash and Stallone soon to open planet Hollywood
resort in Casino.
Only four of those guys you named up can talk.
Which one is that?
Oh Bruce.
Still up.
I'm not too crazy about him either.
Oh look at that purple.
I eat grapes.
I'm a grape either.
We're gonna ask him to bet dark green stage.
At any rate.
Still old's wife Jennifer were out through the party which included disco dancing and a
birthday ceremony from Tom Jones.
What's that Tom Jones song?
What's that?
I think it's an F bomb.
Oh okay.
Sex bomb.
Sex bomb.
You know what I mean?
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Hey Tom Jones man, he's an old sex bomb.
Like you're talking about.
What's the name of this again?
Yeah.
Let's talk about six stockings.
That's enough of that.
Other celebrities in tens include John Revolta who evidently stepped out of the closet.
I bet you're just getting lonely in there Tommy and wife Kelly Preston.
Right.
David Spade and James Cahn.
Still on schedule to dust off both of Rocky and Rambo franchise as soon.
He is writing and directing Rocky Balboa.
The six Rocky films set up for a Christmas release.
Oh how can we live until then?
After that he scheduled a play Vietnam bed John Rambo once more in Rambo 4.
Tenedly scheduled for a 2007 release.
The franchise began with first blood in 1982.
Better start acting real fast Rocky.
He's 60s.
Almost his old design.
Like I told him I'm for this morning or you get an old one.
People like you like grew up and threw up at there getting like you hear what their age is.
And then you oh my god.
It's like when Brad Pitt turns 60.
What are whole oldies now?
I'm not that I couldn't care less about him but I wonder how old he is.
Forty something I would have had.
Forty five around forty.
Well you're the Google it man.
I'll do to that.
How fine.
Let's not start guessing any of you given ban information unless they ban it was 82.
She's only 75.
Banned away.
In fact I heard she's on the same plane with Catherine Harris.
Get off the plane.
Banned it before it's too late.
You'll never turn another letter.
Oh I guess who has been making the rounds lately?
Brad's being awarded 63.
62 makes him 43.
Well what month?
December 18th.
42.
Well I was close.
Guess who's been making the rounds lately?
And boy he is talking about oh and I see the other one I was trying to think of when I gave you the um um what's his name?
More than Brando.
Huh?
Ray then Burr.
Raymond Burr and we were talking about what?
Oh it was just on over the weekend on Saturday.
That's what I'm saying.
Everywhere you're looking now he's making the rounds.
He's worth a billion dollars.
And you talk about a guy who's made the most of nothing.
Well that's what I'm looking at.
Huh?
You don't hurt your bunch of coke and did you see that?
I saw that.
Oh boy.
God.
What music was in those days?
Wow.
He liked Chris Atkins a lot so I think of that.
What I heard.
When he had that talk show with his and I heard the fabulous Bee Gees.
He had the Bee Gees on when he called the Bee Gees.
That just sticks in my mind.
I have no idea why.
I was just so embarrassing.
The fabulous Bee Gees huh?
So the other thing about what's his name?
Ed Sullivan would say.
Yeah.
I would put them in the same candy way.
Only Ed Sullivan had an excuse.
He totally talked to his teacher all the time.
But Merv, how's that then?
It's Harry O'Connor.
These Supreme courts said the day it'll decide the extent to which public schools can use race
and deciding school assignments, setting the stage for a landmark or former election ruling.
And they got a picture here of that obnoxious seat versus John Roberts.
I'd rather have John Roberts from CNN used to be on CBS rather have him on his Supreme.
And maybe Mary Wilson.
But definitely not this John Roberts.
Oh, Fah.
He's got that fascist glia.
She'll look all over his face man.
He's got FG on his forehead.
All he needs is the A in between it.
You know what the FT stands for?
Farbis and a Goi?
That's it.
Singular.
Farbis and a Goi.
Get your YouTube English grammar straight now.
Would you please?
Hey, I got a B in class, all right?
Yeah, you got a B in your bond and I think.
Here it buzzes.
Justice is will they hear appeals from a Seattle Washington parent's group and a Kentucky parent ruling for the first time on diversity plans used by a host of school districts around the country.
Race cases have been difficult for the justices.
The courts announcement that it will take up the cases this fall may be a possible sign of an aggressiveness by the court under new chief justice, John Roberts.
I think when this court gets done, man, we'll have a black all in the back of the bus again.
And they'll all be at the separate schools in real dark parts of town.
And that'll be that we want to turn the clock back more than a hundred years.
You understand the court rejected the similar case in December when moderate justice and really will kind of restore on the bench.
The outcome in this case will turn on her successor, the anxious Fashista Samuel Alito.
In one of the cases, it appeals court and upheld Seattle system, which lets students tick among high schools and then relies on tiebreakers, including race to decide who gets into schools that have more applicants than openings.
The lower court that goes down, but it will be put about out there.
There you go.
Apparently, he's in a body.
See if they were worried about having like quality schools, which almost none of them exist in the country, then they would make sense.
But they don't. They're more consider about who's getting to go in here and how many dark folks and how many white folks and how many spicks in this A.L.
What does that have to do with anything?
Because let's face it, birds have a feather flock together.
And most people want to live over their own kind of people.
You know, the white people move to the suburbs and the dark people they get left and whatever is left over.
And they hear who they are as they take over some other part of town, like Kendall.
We'll be taking it all over.
Don't worry.
I know. You're sure we're producing fast enough to do what I'll say to that.
You and the Muslims, my God.
I think that's going to be the forget about the Jews, man. They don't reproduce at all.
I think it's the final battle is going to be between the Hispanics and the Muslims. They're going to duke it out.
Yeah, we have days.
A thousand 91 votes.
Yeah, and at the last minute, the Germans will come in again.
Look out. Look out now.
They always find the way.
Now, getting back to the moral being a very important, they move important.
They market down in your counter.
Are you sure we take a call first? WQIM? Hello?
Hey, Neil, you really tied your pan?
WQIM? Hello?
Okay. And one more. WQIM. Hello?
Be the vote coming. Be the vote.
Okay, there you go.
What we tried, saying try to stick a couple of men there.
Don't have any real ones.
Freehold Iowa.
I don't know where the hell I just have heard of freehold in New Jersey.
Jackie Lee, a freehold raceway, man.
Here comes Carmine on the outside.
Here comes the Catman. Look out for him.
A number of panic Christian ladies across America are scheduled to give birth on June 6th, 2006.
Tomorrow.
This day raises concern among church members because numbers...
No, no, it doesn't really. Yes, it does.
Since the numbers of that day also identify the son of Satan the Beast from the Book of Revelation,
oh, the Beast is going to be on all day tomorrow.
That would be a good gimmick.
Let's have the Beast.
I love you.
There you go.
No decent Christian family wants that little red bottom of the devil spawned
first on their limit of the family tree.
Looks like those...
What are those chimps?
What are those monkeys with a real red ass?
Baboon.
Baboon.
Oh my god, those are both regressed.
Put some clothes on for Cranala.
The reason I saw that is because remember the scene in the Old Man?
That's where I seen it.
That's right.
Where she's driving him through the...
...dion and...
...the far right.
And a bunch of baboons all freak out.
They see Damien as an occurrent and then they go jump on the ground.
Where their ugly red ass.
And the funny part of it is that the Lee Rimmick also had an ugly red ass.
No decent Christian family wants that little red bottom of the devil spawned
first on their limit of their family tree, taking a dump on the branches below.
Much less sitting in a high chair at the dinner table,
listening on family prayers while quietly finalizing plants to
satanize mommy with a family vacuum.
As such, land over Baptist creation science scientists have put together a checklist
of recommended actions one should take if their baby is being born or was born on
06 06 06 which is tomorrow.
This is all made up, right?
Somebody just...
Of course it's for fun.
It's for fun.
Land over Baptist Church.org.
A true Christian perspective on local national and world news.
The largest most powerful assembly of worthwhile people who ever exist,
unsaved are not welcome.
It's a satire man.
And it's too long.
I'll get to it.
And it's parts of it I'm sure I can't read on here.
But you'll just dump it.
Right or not.
John Joshua.
He'll be all over it like stink on Joe.
stink on Joe mama.
We got 1100 votes yet.
Almost 1096.
Is that incredible or what?
And I just refreshed it.
Now they're coming in by the ones now 1097.
I suppose they're hanging on the edge of their seat waiting to find out if their kid is going to be born tomorrow.
If your kid is going to be born tomorrow, man, I'd stick it in some water.
Just them scolting, boiling water.
We need a couple hours.
We need to exercise it.
There you go.
Stick him underwater without a long cube.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAO.
So this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hours.
The former B.O. and his sake, why could call it quits?
They say the media calls them to hit the pits.
But from where I say it's so long,
I don't have crazy cold fingers.
I hate she wanted to be as crazy as this happy boy.
But I think no one like it beauty has some gold.
She never put up with ring of star
who now lives in his heart.
Kevin Mills, are you on a cruise?
You're not that hot.
Better than me, I'm better than me.
Pepper, tantrum, throwing, pretentious.
Not four years of marriage will make it a moment, filthy bitch.
A lot of cash for someone sell a coat of bitch.
Take your money, go away shut up.
Cause there's no green on.
Oh my god, oh my god, you're so poor, I'm calling you.
You better ask for me one quarter graph because you get the angry.
You're way, I thought you died.
No, no, no, no, no, first one.
You second one, have the mills.
I've been married for four years.
No way, I never knew that.
She's married to her as the angry.
But what change comes from my history?
Kevin Mills, are you on pills?
You're not that hot.
Better than me, I'm better than me.
Money, well being one of people needs not.
It's 102 at 5.60 W.C.A.
And do I sound a little nasal the day?
A little bit, but it's fine.
Oh, well it's not fine.
I gotta get rid of the allergy thing.
I'm sure that's what it is.
Not trying.
Change of season, man.
Anyway, getting back to this if your child is born tomorrow on 666,
here's the checklist for Christian mothers is my child, the devil's son.
One, ladies, keep your legs crossed until after midnight.
A true Christian lady always keeps your knees together and June 6th is no time to stop.
As your demon child willfully push his and kicks, causing your ladyhold to die late to the size of a drainage pipe,
keep your knees locked together at all times.
What was that?
God, I think Joyce is gonna be over there in a half an hour.
This will give you the managed child a wonderful early lesson that he can't always have his way.
To underscore this valuable disciplinary message as the devil child flops around,
trying to claw its way up to the human world to do Lucifer's bidding,
continue to worb in a loud voice, la la la la, I can't see you.
Two, oh it gets better.
Oh, God.
If at all possible, I have your back to this doctor induce the child to be born earlier.
I need a call to get in kind of late.
The most reliable method, notification sciences, to get him up to go instantly in the labor,
jump in front of her when she least expects it and scare the dickens out of her.
If this doesn't prove scary enough, read the Bible to her.
Otherwise, FedEx, a loved processing gift of two grand to Landover Baptist Church freehold Iowa,
as soon as your check clears, we'll send you information on how to perform a creation birth reduction.
You know, we got a method for scaring the women according to that story there.
Yeah.
Let me scare you for you, Scenna.
Hell out of me.
Call to it. He would do it.
Reduction will cause the mother to give birth two or three days out from her expected due date.
If you have a weak stomach, allergies to dry locust and cannot drink human urine,
the reduction is not for you.
Three, the 666 date cannot be avoided if it can't be avoided,
make sure the child is kept in a chicken cage on the hospital floor,
and that they're at least two full grown hogs within four feet of the cage at all times.
As a Bible-leading creature, you know that demons and pigs act like the two sides of Velcro when they're around each other,
so keeping them by your newborn side acts as a godly safety net.
If one of the hogs starts gritting and snorting, prancing about or just playing acting full of the devil's business
by emptying its vows all over the hospital floor, get it out to a lake and drown it as soon as humanly possible.
And you don't have to be a Christ-killing Jew to know this.
Goodness gracious, don't eat the bacon.
Four, make sure you check under your child's testicles for any peculiar markings,
for it is not upon the head as the hellbound Catholics incorrectly believe
and by all other indication to be the last ones to be wrong in this regard,
but rather hidden in the rough skin on the nape under a newborn's tiny tallywacker
or slightly inside the anal cavity that one should be looking for any sign of the evil one.
Creation scientists observe they so-called taint,
the disagreeable area between the genitals and the anus is where demons are more likely to post messages for each other.
Five, place your child in the care of our creation side, hit for a period of ten days.
During this period they will perform a Bible crawl and conduct creation science experience on your newborn
to determine if it needs to be shipped off to the land over back to his home for the demonically-possessed in North Dakota.
The shipping charges in five years of care cost will be billed monthly,
the same credit card account you use when you drop off your child with us.
Six, you might decide as many Christian families in need to have before you
that it is best just to sell your child to the cause of creation science.
Our lab and research center will pay $18 a pound, 17 cents a pound for mixed race infants,
for any child under the age of six months.
In making this decision you can rest assured that you're doing something for the cause of Christendom.
Your family will be helping creation scientists better understand Satan's handiwork and early childhood development.
This greater understanding will better prepare us in case God forbid we'd have to suffer.
There is a post-propri-proprilational rapture.
If that is ever the case, the more we know about the enemy, the better.
And seven, last but not least, buy an enormous full-Korean wig that cast-cades stick lots of hair down your back to your waist.
June 6, 2006 is no time for pregnant woman to be walking around looking like a young boy,
unless you've been mistaken for Mia Farrow.
Thank you.
It's very cute.
It's very cute.
It's pretty good.
Take business.
I can't what you think it is.
I'm speaking of that, so I'm speaking of the long hair.
I mean, granted, everything has got a little bit of a license and we can't get it.
It's just a movie, but the original Omen that was on over the weekend with Gregory Schmeck.
You know, he goes through all of this business and the priest dies.
The thing comes down and stabs him through the heart and all these freaky things.
And I mean, at this point, he knows that Damien is the antichrist.
But no, what does he do?
As soon as he gets home, and of course, by this time his wife Kathy's already dead,
having been tossed out the window and falling to the top of the ambulance,
by what's your name, the whatever anyone?
He goes home and there is Damien's sleeping.
Okay, so now to sleep.
And he goes and gets his scissors.
Now, can you talk about a strong, definitely strong sleeper, you know?
Right.
I mean, how could any kid or any human stay asleep?
He's pushing back his hair and he's cutting and cutting.
And there, of course, is the 666.
Oh my God!
Yeah.
I mean, that one takes, it pushes the imagination just a little bit.
Unlike, of course, anything else in the movie.
But it's good.
Then they certainly didn't need to remake it.
That was really a bad idea, really terrible idea.
They're not going to stop.
They're going to keep remaking everything.
Oh, everything.
Because everybody's going to be the right.
And all the remakes are proof of that.
Just wait until the new Godfather comes out.
Out of these spectacular.
Oh yeah.
Can't wait.
The one starring P.M. Herman and Pupi Campo.
That's right.
Carrot Top is a sunny cliff.
Carrot Top is a sunny, yeah.
And Don Notz is a Frato.
Oh, but Don Notz is dead, I think.
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
He just died for Christ's sake.
You better get with it.
I forgot.
It's one thing on, you know, some of these guys that have been dead for a long time,
we keep for like Buddy Hacker.
11, 1125 votes.
Buddy Hacker used to be on Mark Mervigrippin' all the time.
And so it was Chris Atkins.
Which of these people are things that are most tired of hearing about?
Tom Cruise, 256.
Branch Alina, 236.
Natalie Holloway, the Aruba chick, 199.
Well, if they were stopped talking about her, we'd be cross-be anant,
so both of them, they're going to have to relope.
Maybe they can find Sandy Paton somewhere, and they can all share and bishops' body.
Illegal aliens, 70.
And when I hear there was enough to go around for everybody.
Illegal aliens, 71.
Ricky William, 71.
I hate this pool 66.
Iraq 58.
And American Idol, or wait a minute, yeah, Iraq 58.
American Idol 57 has pulled ahead a shack.
It was only got 47.
Shack!
Joyce, 31.
The Duke LeCrosse team, 13.
They're back together again today, man, are reinstated.
Who cares?
Britney Spears, 13, and our ran, only 7.
So let's look at it this way.
The things that they want to hear about.
Iran, Britney Spears, the Duke LeCrosse team, and Joyce.
And that's pretty much it.
And hey, 5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
WDQIM, hello.
Not there, okay, that's it, that's immediately of the call.
And as soon as they delay, crank up there, what is that?
About eight minutes?
Thirty minutes.
That's what we really ought to do.
In fact, you know something what we ought to do is go like at a 45 minute delay,
and then we could leave like a 115.
And this is not like a good idea.
That sounds like a fine to me, huh?
I love it.
And then let it just all play out.
And catch up.
The next step in the ongoing saga of indecency legislation could happen this Wednesday,
June 7th, when the House of Representatives expected to approve the Senate's version of a bill
that would increase fines for decency violations to 10 times the current amount.
The early times the force that President Bush is expected to sign the Broadcast Decency Enforcement Act,
which passed in the Senate last month.
The anxious fascist, a Sam Brownback of Kansas, who sponsored the bill,
said on Friday that his passage was a victory for children and families, right.
An anonymous broadcasting executive told the Times that he feared the bill would leave
even further changes behind the scenes in industry, for example more delays in all eye programming,
like our 75 hour delay, even news and sports broadcasts in the case of any possible slip-up.
It's already caused a chilling effect executive said it's going to be even more so,
because now we're looking at numbers that are really big.
The new maximum final will become 325 grand per violation.
The House version of an indecency bill was even stronger with a maximum of 500 grand.
However, the House tries to go with a Senate bill rather than debate the differences
between the two pieces of legislation.
The Times reports that the bill will be considered tomorrow and voted on the following day
under a special rule generally reserved for non-controversial legislation.
NAVY spokesperson Dennis Warton gave orders,
the organization's official stance on the bill, saying,
in issues related to programming content, NAVY believes responsible self-regulation is preferable to government regulation.
What a ballsy statement, Dennis.
What a ballsy thing, man.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Yes, sir.
What I want to know is, you see playing that thing about the woman, the bride that took off.
Would you ever play the original that you make fun of?
What are you talking about?
There's this thing with a dumb guy and he wants her to get a word for you somewhere.
You know, I never heard the original.
So I've heard about what original.
What are you talking about?
What original?
Wasn't there ever a original tape that she made to the police or to the...
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Oh, and you wonder why I take a very limited number of phone calls between that guy and the olive oil guy.
I don't know what call it in the olive oil.
That was gold.
What are you talking about?
You're right.
You're right.
I mean, we're not taking a lot of them.
But, boy, when we punch one up, man, they are special.
That was the best call of the year.
That was in the year.
That could have been the best call of the new millennium.
Wow.
That was special, man.
Just like that corn and deliverance, that sure was special.
In fact, it would be surprised that this guy came from...
Maybe he was calling from Aintree or Lutz.
Wow.
Oh, I got a Lutz story.
I saw that story.
The college students found it in the balloon.
That's right.
They were sucking helium and they discovered it sucked.
You shouldn't laugh, but I will anyway.
What?
I'm going to laugh at that story.
Oh, you got two dead college students in your life and about it.
Because they're stupid.
Well, we didn't...
Let's see.
Jason Ackerman and Sarah Ryde were in both 21.
We didn't see what they looked like.
You might not be laughing.
If they were cute, you wouldn't be laughing.
You're right.
I'll wait.
They were ugly.
You go like...
Like that.
Well, that's just the way we are.
You're not just human nature.
We always sympathize.
We always empathize.
We're not empathized.
But we feel very strongly in favor of the really hot-looking people.
The ugly people...
And, you know, so, of course, you know, what are the people thinking about us?
And?
Right.
It's the way it goes.
Hey, if you're a cigar smoker and you like to kick back with a good premium stogie,
then be here cigars by Tony Borhane is for you.
These are the fun cigars that made with first grade tobacco process and aged up to 10 years.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he had gold a flagship, lying it's a 91 rating by cigar fish and out of cigar and cider,
and 9'1 rating by Smoke Magazine.
This rich flavored, well-balanced, full-body, nico-rock-wins cigars got earthy hints of dark-roast coffee,
chocolate, spice, and pepper flavors.
Also, try to be here to say, oh, the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months,
it gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fish and out of cigar and cider.
A big, powerful cigar man, a gut blaster with complex notes of leather, earth, and pepper,
that finishes long and full-body with additional spice and a note of charred wood.
To get you 40% off on all the cigars, be sure and tell them that old, that ancient neoroget,
Tony to call, like I said, you'll save almost half off, 40% off on all the price of the cigars.
Call them at that toll free number, 1-800-35-Vahia, 1-800-35-BAH-I-A.
This is Neoroget.
This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neorogers.
He was trapped in ice, lived in a glass box, and spent nine days underwater.
Now, master illusionist David Blaine faces his greatest challenge ever.
Come on, man. I gotta get in there.
This David Blaine on the can, trapped alone in the claustrophobic confines of the downstairs half-bath near the laundry room.
Dave, I really need to get in there, man.
David Blaine on the can, with only a glass of metamusel, a nearly empty roll of shaman and a five-month-old sports illustrated.
Dave, come on, dude. I so need to get in there.
Don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Blaine on the can.
When David finally emerges from his fortress of fecal matter.
Oh, here's, man.
You know, come and think of it. I don't have to go that bad. See you later.
David Blaine on the can. This time around, he's making other people hold their breath.
And here I thought that that was reserved for Batman and Robin, the fortress of fecal matter?
Right, goes to Shoya. That's supermanion.
118 at 560 WKM. We got Kimpaboo Camp or coming up at 2.
And then of course we got Mad Dog 4 to 7 to 7.
No, in three solid hours.
Because the Marlins are on the West Coast playing the Giants and Barry Barnes.
Goldies 7 to 9.4 tonight.
I don't know about everybody's watching a hockey game.
And the Marlins at the Giants pregame 9.4 to game time 10.15 will be.
I'm sure that Josh is going to be glued to his TV set watching Edmonton and Carolina.
No, I don't think so.
Neither will I. I just have no interest.
I couldn't name you a player on each team.
Yeah, you could. Carolina. Got me, buddy.
My hockey buddy. Come on. The wizard.
Yeah, the wizard. Ray Whitney.
Yeah, okay. Told you. There you go.
Is there anybody like like World Rennown?
I would know on either of those two teams.
No, no, okay. Chris Pronger.
Who?
Don't stop me.
Not word Rennown. I mean like,
uh, Greten Neville, those rescue in playing on their normal forever.
It's an remark Missy.
You were even if they were World Rennown.
You were even though Johnny Bauer from Papa Bauer.
That's how much you know about hockey.
I know my Florida Panthers from that.
Do you know that we're going to have to go through that again?
Oh my God.
Let's let's not.
Let's save the embarrassment.
Probably. So exciting. The first time.
Yeah, it was amusing.
Well, not as good as some of his spelling gaps.
Yeah, now getting back to this thing about the indecency.
We're going to pass on Wednesday and your president is going to sign it.
And everybody's going to like climb up in it.
I'm not even sure after Wednesday if we're going to be able to say.
Yeah, against the let's.
Yeah, let's make up for it now.
See it several things we're going to be able to take any of that.
No, that's the only very.
Sanitary one.
So I had a follow up on it.
A column by Wizzes from old capitolhillblue.com.
It says here's a lab.
And of course, I interrupted the segue there because we took that very important call.
It's a good thing I did.
If we missed that call, we missed something.
Oh, sensational.
I hope I go to play the original.
Yeah.
Oh, it's coming up.
It's coming up at two 15 on the Bobo, Kimbobbo campershow.
Here's a lab.
Congress is going to determine what's decent question mark.
The House of Representatives that many call the most corrupt and scandal-ridden in modern history.
Plants to vote next week are whether to adopt a Senate plan to increase fines to $325,000 on television and radio broadcast stations.
And finally, decency standards.
Parents groups and some lawmakers have pressed for two years for higher fines to discourage broadcasters from raising the level of sexually provocative content or profanity.
The call for bigger fines came after a pop singer Janet Jackson's breast was briefly flashed during the 2004 Super Bowl halftime entertainment show.
20 CBS stations were fined a total of 550 grand for that incident.
The House plans to begin debating the Senate measure tomorrow and vote on Wednesdays at Kevin Madden, spokesman for House Majority Leader John Bader in Ohio Republican and a fascist.
The Senate will approach what increased fines 10,000 from the current level of $32,000 to have in a pervilation.
The House last year passed a stiffer measure that the boost fines to half a million percent would require communications regulators to consider revoking the stations license after three violations.
However, with her lovely few congressional work days left before the November elections that chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee represented Joe Barton, recently said he was willing to accept the Senate version of the decency measure.
Some conservative groups also have pressed the House to adopt a Senate version of the bill.
Federal regulations barb scene material from being aired and limit broadcast television radio stations from showing indecent material like sexual explicit scenes of profanity.
Indicent content is only allowed between 10 pm and 6 am when children are less likely to be watching or listening.
The House version will also make it easier for the FCC which enforces the decency standards to find individuals who violate the regulations.
Typically when the Senate and the House have different versions of related legislation and negotiating committee is created to reconcile the bills which can be time consuming.
The House is also a member of the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives.
The House is also a member of the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and
the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the
House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House
and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives and vocab bodies and send these documents together.
If that's who watch, if they put their feet we're going to, to part in what we did and have those experiences
And listen to those lion bells too.
All night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all
night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night, all night
I
Basic
Oh, I
Am
Criminal
Absolutely
I
Am
People
Yeah
They're
Okay
I
Am
Really
With them all together
So
It's easy to
See
Like
I
Am
The
I
Am
I
Am
I
Am
I
Am
Am
The
I
I
Am
I
Am
I
I
I
Am
I
Am
I
Am
I
Am
Am
I
Am
I
Am
I
Am
I
