It's exclusive on QA because nobody else wants it and what would that be?
The Marlins.
Oh.
Nobody else wants to carry it.
Anybody else wants it?
We'll give it to you as long as you pay the rights.
We don't want it.
By the way, David Stampson won't be filling in for your Friday.
I understand that.
Yeah.
Somebody forgot to tell you that.
Yeah.
This place is unbelievable.
You know what?
Well, I would agree.
I just had quite a conversation with the clearance.
You know what, it's a question of whether bad management is better than no management at
all.
Right.
That's right.
Yeah, something I told George that back when Greg announced that he was going to be
archived.
It's just outrageous.
You know what?
Be careful that you're hanging out with the dry.
They set you up for failure here.
That's exactly right.
I was just telling George Cortes that.
That's exactly what we were doing.
You would've got to be so good to overcome them.
And even then you can't do it.
Right.
Because they put all the hurdles in your way.
That's all of the stuff that's new.
Yeah, we got.
You know that Joe Bell, if you're looking for him, he'll be in the tea room.
He's sitting there waiting.
He's been there for like 16 hours trying to figure out which hand to wipe with.
I mean, you can't get off the pot, man.
He can't make a move.
He can't make a move.
These people tell you that they've got something done and it's set and it's, you know, you
can go with it and blah, blah, blah.
Right.
And then somehow it's not done.
And you can't go with it.
Right.
And yada, yada, yada.
Yada, yada, yada.
And that's it.
That's the new Joe Bell crew, man.
Yada, yada, yada.
You got that's a theme song.
Let's put up a bunch of, let's put even, even what's your name that bitch over at U.M.
would be upset with that.
I think there's too many people left from the old crew.
No, I don't think that's the problem at all.
I want to see a complete overhaul in this place.
We need two live crew is what we need.
Oh, Luther would be good.
Yeah, he'd be better than what we got now.
I'll take you that.
This guy, man, Mr. Gladhander, Mr. Pat, you on the back, everything is great.
You're doing a wonderful job.
I like all your people.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
And then when it comes push comes the show.
He can't do anything.
He can't get anything done.
He can't even figure out how many, how many pencils to buy.
How many staples to order.
But he wants to be loved.
He wants everybody to like him a lot.
I mean, did you ever believe we'd be pining for the day of Greg Reed?
Did you ever think that that would happen?
I will ponder that while I'm in hot spring.
I mean, he's massive pervericator, but at least there was some semblance of order.
You know what I mean?
Some concept that something might get done someday, even though it usually took a herniotic
effort, some things eventually did get done.
Well, these people, nothing gets done.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
you know, like that.
Like Santino said in the Godfather, but he beat, but he moved like that.
Remember that?
Yep, I do.
Yeah, but he beat, but he moved.
So don't take it personal because it's all of us.
It's the whole place.
It's not like they single you off for a special persecution.
No.
It's like all of us.
They single all of us off for a special persecution.
Man, what a, what a joint this has turned into.
Thank God you're there.
Hey, I bet you there are a lot of Panther fans up here.
Oh, not.
How many do you think you're here?
About third, man.
I'll get out of here.
Maybe five.
Oh, yeah, they're up there tonight.
Big game tonight at the Air Canada Center, big game for the least.
Although, at least, you know, that's all done.
Leafs aren't going to make it, Panthers are officially eliminated.
No playoffs.
Then I see Donkey Colt Pepper is like, may not be ready for action, man.
Oh, you try to tell people that.
Yeah, well, who's the quarterback going to be?
Let's see.
What do you think?
I'm trying to figure out who we can.
Let's get here.
You're premiering out of retirement.
Who can we send over there from here?
Huh?
Who can we send over there from here to play quarterback?
Gary Sarner.
Although, I don't think his rabbi will I'm to handle the pigskin.
It was good enough for Ali Sherman.
It's good enough for Gary Sarner and Marv Levy.
That's why there aren't that many Jews in football.
You can't handle the pigskin.
It's not kosher.
Is that what it is?
I think so.
Yeah.
Always thought that Abe Gibberin was Jewish, but he wasn't.
He was just fat.
Yeah.
Horse Flair.
Abe Gibberin was a big horse player.
He was a big everything.
Was he really?
Yeah.
He's just a big boozer too.
He just assumed it's a track all the time.
Probably smoked those big fat Stogies, you know?
What is it about the track and cigars?
I mean, I used to enjoy a cigar at the track.
I came and began to tell you how much.
People like to smoke cigars when they gamble, period.
Yeah, and that's true.
Although you can't gamble, you can't smoke cigars in a casino.
And I can either follow you in smoke cigarettes,
which I hate, but you can't smoke a Stogie there.
I ran an ol' Eroy Griffith last night.
Really?
I told me to say hello to you.
Well, great.
You're my big kiss for me.
Tell him that Tempestorm has still got a fake apparatus.
He likes you a lot.
Well, sure, you ought to.
Another pervert just like him.
All his perverts hang together, man.
Yeah.
This is true.
Where did you run it?
Well, I don't want to have diamond.
I don't want it for you, Rann.
I hate that Joe's all the time.
Oh, does he?
Yeah.
Well, probably, Kennedy at Wolfe's anymore, because it's not there no more.
That's true.
Yeah, we got some major...
You see, the audience thinks that I exaggerate these things.
I'm glad that you're like, try them in right in there, because it's incomprehensible.
You know?
You just do ale like you're in here and you're trying.
Yeah.
And they just hang out to dry.
Right, exactly.
And they can't...
And keep at...
It's the 11th of April already.
It's opening baseball day, opening a home game.
And these people still can't...
They haven't got a clue who's on first and what's on second.
And nothing.
It's really kind of scary.
And of course, we also, on the other hand, we got Joyce hanging over our heads, me more than you.
It more affects me than you, but boy, oh boy.
Yeah, I know.
If I'm in the shower, I feel like I'm going to get penalized for, because Joyce might find out about it.
Only if you play the sound.
No, I see.
Yeah, so I'm imagining we got a nice and beautiful day today for all the Florida people coming for the big hockey game tonight.
The Urkanda Center, the Florida Panthers and Toronto Maple Leafs.
It's going to be sunny in 63 today, not bad.
Nice to stay the year.
Yes, it is pretty nice, too.
I'd like to go somewhere where there's good weather.
No, it's not.
They just changed it again.
65, 18 Celsius.
So, in 65, all right.
You like to go where?
Somewhere where there's good weather.
No.
The last two trips have not been so good weather-wise.
When you're going to Arkansas, couldn't be too bad there.
Hot Springs?
Yeah, probably a tornado, it was.
Now, you see they've got you in this negative frame of mine.
That's right.
It's the negative vibes around here.
Let's see.
Hot Springs, weather.
What?
Tell me.
No, if it's good, I'll tell you.
If not, I'll just lie about it.
I'm googling right now.
Hot Springs, what?
Oh, another lie.
I couldn't take it.
Hot Springs are convinced.
There's not going to be a heart thing.
Huh?
Now, what day are you going to be there Friday?
Friday in Saturday.
Oh, no.
You're in for a real treat.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, sunny.
I have 84, low of 61.
That's pretty warm.
I just have to eat right there.
Saturday, partly cloudy, 82 and 62.
But no rain, no tornadoes, no end to the world.
Looks pretty good.
Hot Springs, Arkansas.
Do you remember the movie Kelly Seros?
No.
Oh, it was a great movie.
Who was in the Gene Kelly?
No.
Donald Sutherland.
Good Kelly.
Kelly Savales, Clint Eastwood.
They rob a bank behind the German lines.
Yeah.
And Donald Sutherland plays a character named Oddball.
And he keeps talking about his stone all the time.
He's smoking one, joining it with another.
And he keeps yelling at them about negative vibes.
No one is negative vibes, man.
Keep the negative vibes out of you.
That's his place.
Negative vibes.
Yeah.
What was that phrase that came up with a couple weeks ago,
and it was a conversation that made your life miserable,
something like that.
The conversation that takes away your desire to live.
That's a good slogan.
That's it.
I'm talking about the people on the inside.
I don't know about the listeners, but whatever we got left.
The listeners probably enjoying our misery.
Well, evidently, you know, it's the SNM thing in South Florida.
Now I'm beginning to wonder if I have any audience left,
because like this best of Neil thing we did for that 30th anniversary,
we'd have went over like a...
I'm doing a poll on it today about why people didn't buy it,
and almost 30% say they did.
Well, I got news for a 30% of the audience bought the CD or our T-shirts.
That means we got about 3,000 people left listening to the show.
Not a good sign.
You know what I mean?
It's not a good omen.
There you go with those negative vibes.
And the way this current regime is going, it wouldn't surprise me.
They could take the Empire State Building and turn into like a pup tent.
And no time.
And just as I was saying that, they're showing a thing here about the World Trade Center.
That's the last thing I needed to see.
Oh, brother, I was trying to steer away from that,
and they're playing these phone calls again, you know?
All these horrible phone calls to 911 people.
Am I going to die?
Well, what are they going to tell me?
Yeah, you're going to die?
Have a nice rest?
Jesus, so there are grave robbers these people in the media.
They never stop.
They never stop exploiting misery and tragedy.
That's what's all about the media.
You're right.
Look at us.
Very exploiting us.
For my check showed up on time yesterday,
that's all I care about anymore,
because the rest of it with these people is all, you know?
This Joe Bell, man, he makes Greg Reid seem like the answer man.
He's just impossible.
I have never accounted a guy like this.
I've worked for all kinds of people.
I worked for good people like Sid Levin and Dick Casper.
I worked for idiots like Stanley J. Cohen at IMZ,
and Greg Reid, and Mike Busney, and Boy Gary.
Boy, he wasn't a general manager.
He's just a man.
But no, you've got a good point.
I mean, some real idiots.
But this guy here, he said, I don't even know what category to put him in.
He's like a clown.
Clarebel.
I think that's going to be my new name for Claire.
Instead of Joe Bell, how about Clarebel?
I like that.
I mean, that works out well.
Clarebel.
He's just going to go around going, uh-uh.
Yeah, that's right.
And put on that red nose.
Maybe you can borrow it from Robin Williams from Patch Adams.
You can put that red nose on.
Clarebel.
And right now they keep showing the damn towers on fire again.
They're like, Jesus, God, chilling testimony.
Yeah, yeah, like, it's five years ago already.
Stop with a baloney.
Brother.
And of course, you know, it's really interesting with all these illegal aliens
that are continuing to forecast the border and been doing it for like over 20 years now.
And they have no idea how many are here.
And oh, look at these big demonstrations.
Yeah, that's right.
Because there's millions and millions of these people who got in.
They're going to make talking about security and monitoring who comes in and who goes out.
What a joke that is.
They've got any idea who the hell comes in.
And they're wondering how all those guys will live in in Florida.
Well, you see all the shady people who live in Florida.
I'll tell you what they got to do is shut down the border between North Carolina and Florida.
That would be a real good idea.
Starting with salespeople.
I can tell you, sir, I can't tell Tiana here, but the duck just came in here before the show this morning.
Yeah, it epitomizes everything that's going on there.
I'd like a guy that's trying desperately to shoot himself in the foot.
It's one thing to be suicidal.
But if you're going to shoot yourself in the foot, all you're going to do is limp around a lot.
I just don't understand it.
They're like working against themselves.
But other than that, let's see, it's only Tuesday.
So we got the ball.
You go out to the ball game.
They're having a station party out there.
Really? I wasn't invited for that.
I'm going to come down for it.
You would have.
They would have probably paid your way.
No.
Flying the o'clock for a day.
We got the crow on at 2 o'clock, 2 to 330.
We got the crow, baby.
Now we're going to be dangerous to baseball seasons underway.
We got the crow.
That's where you shoot some arm-truck ball problems.
Right.
So you're not going, is that what you're saying?
You're thinking about it, Hanking.
Yeah.
Well, maybe you have a chance to go up there in the press box.
Cost a couple of them over the edge.
It would be good.
I'd pay you for that.
Let me know how much you want.
Anybody in line in particular?
Or people you mean?
Yeah, some people we're just talking about.
Okay.
And then tomorrow and the Thursday, we got 1230 pre-game shows because we've got 105 games.
I still say that's because of the scheduling.
People are questioning that because of pace-off.
They don't want to have like night games on Passover and piss off all the Jews.
Kids are out of school this week, too.
Yeah.
And that's another thing.
I'll say that they're another thing they can do it.
And they don't have to piss off the Jews.
And all the kids can go out and watch a great team.
Two bad teams.
Actually, the Marlins have a chance against the Padres.
They see the Padres also are 1-4.
Yes, they are.
And the Panthers and Leafs here, Canada, Saturday night.
Two teams that aren't going to make the playoffs.
Two badly mismanaged teams, organizations, as they say in the business, the organization.
Leafs are going to wind up paying Ed Bell for $11 million for this past season for his crappy play.
They're going to have to buy him out for a million and a half.
And then with all the, whatever they had to pay him, it's going to total $11 million for a 40-year-old stiff with a bad back.
He ain't no Johnny Bauer, I'll tell you that.
Oh, you're talking about our old sales manager?
40-year-old stiff with a bad back?
That's bad.
Next year, I know you're going to...
No, no, no, no.
I know you're on your way to...
No, I thought...
Yeah, you were.
Out of sight, out of mind, man.
Even out of pull about who the hell they hate the other day.
They didn't do all that well.
Out of sight, out of mind.
They hate their Sanchez like poison.
They really despise him.
In fact, Moe was right on your ass.
If I let it go a little bit longer, he'd have passed you like he was sitting still.
Moe.
Yeah.
He was a late addition.
I'm starting to miss him a little bit.
You know, I know that sounds bizarre, but in kind of a sick way, I'm almost missing him.
Not because he was good or had any numbers, just because at least...
I don't know, at least it was a little variety.
You're going to cut on him being there.
Huh?
You're going to cut on him being there.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, that's right.
Even if we all hated him like poison, we did.
At least we knew he'd be there.
At least the audience knew what to expect, what to fear.
Now it's like, hey, what are you cons doing today?
Usually it's...
Wait, what's going on?
I told Clarence we already got enough squeaky voices on here, so we didn't need David Samson on her anyway on that.
So I understand a lot of hate calls for Jeffrey Laurie this morning. Is that correct?
Not terrible.
No.
No.
Actually, he said something.
He's finally going to get involved in this whole thing.
See what he can do.
People want to see the owner.
He's going to get involved in what?
Talking with the people around town.
They're going to try to get a place...
Oh, I see.
Have us build a stadium?
Hey, Jeffrey, guess what?
No.
It couldn't happen, sweetheart.
Better con artist than you have tried the same scam and it hasn't worked and it's not going to work for you either.
There is no chance that the public is going to put up a single dime to build these people a stadium none.
Zero.
I don't care how much great code text winds and carries on.
Ain't going to happen.
Especially after they slapped the public in the face.
You know what I mean?
How dare you with people not to show up?
And you're belly aching about where we're moving to San Antonio wherever?
Well, if you don't want to show up, you know.
I'm not going to show up.
What their pimps at the herald are.
They've been through this already.
Oh, yeah.
Code text.
Did you see that bloggy his today about, well, if you're not going to be there, why not?
You know?
And I noticed the responses to that.
They're all negative.
Even one guy says he will be there just to boost Samson and Laurie and that will be the only time he'll go all the way.
You'll all.
Well, listen, we got a run here.
Yeah.
We got a skate as they say on Leafs TV.
We got a skate.
Okay.
A skate carefully.
Yeah.
I think we're skating on tonight.
It's going to be a good one.
But we'll see you tomorrow.
You just keep hanging in there.
I'll be here.
That's what they said to Gary Gilmore when they pulled the news.
Just keep hanging.
And I'll see you tomorrow.
All right.
Have a good day.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guest, and color.
I'm not sure if I could use a broadcast group.
It will sound advertiser for the 50s.
You know what I'm going to do?
What are you going to do?
By the way, George is not vacation this week and there's no, uh, or you're playing the open.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Just stepping on you.
You want me to cut it?
Cut it.
Well, it's already 1015.
What I'm going to do instead of playing it, I think, is I'm playing a long bit.
And I just realized if I've played that, we'd already be time almost for the second break.
We've got all whipped up there.
You know, we were like emotional and working on a sob story there, hanging me.
It's just a very sad, very, very sad, disappointing what we got there now.
But they're taking good care of you.
I see them.
Oh, yeah.
Not.
You notice how much we sponsor?
I got from clearance on that.
We counted.
We did you count to seconds?
Nothing.
We was doing a tampance to avoid talking about it.
They just, they don't care about our people.
That's all they talk about.
Good game.
They don't care about any people.
And what they do care about is I have no idea.
But, uh, that's the QM, F and W.
So it's been nice being with you all.
I'm really thinking that 30th anniversary.
If I had been smart, that would have been it.
That would have been my swan song.
Wouldn't that have been a smart thing to do?
Perhaps.
Yeah.
In retrospect, I'm looking back now.
It was March the 1st.
I'm thinking, boy, that would have been a great time to hang it up.
As opposed to going out like a fool in a clown like we're all going to do.
When you got Clare Bell running to the joint, we're all going to wind up being clowns.
10, 16, a QA.
I'm happy Tuesday to you opening Marlon's day.
Or you pump kids go out there and go to a ballgame and get some unsteal hot dogs.
You know, South Florida is famous for its trade shows.
There's boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, art fairs, galore and lots more.
If you're a trade show exhibitor, the one name you didn't know is Pubset.
Pubset creates the absolute top of the line of attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays.
Call 9-5-4-77272-75 right now and Pubset will get you set for success.
When it comes to design printing posters, banners and especially trade show displays, Pubset has been the very best for 14 years.
Call 9-5-4-77272-75 right it down.
9-5-4-77272-75 for Pubset from design to set up PubSec and handle all your trade show needs.
Rest assured Pubset will separate you from the competition.
They'll look second rate like us here at QA and you only get one chance to look great.
Pubset is the way to do it. Call 9-5-4-77272-75 or go to PubsetSF.com.
For top-notch design, trade show graphics and displays, Pubset be the way to go.
Look for my picture under building. You'll pee in your pants. It's a long way to just north of commercial.
Call Pubset today 9-5-4-772-7275.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-8.
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
They say our love is capoom.
They're what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so fed in my life.
You're fed.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch. You're not a light of the men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
We're lights go past a tent.
I can't accept who I feel.
Now that would be a crime.
As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time.
Call to my prison bitch.
My prison bitch. And I have no regrets.
I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were registered.
But now you're all my friends.
I knew that I would give you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch.
Prison bitch for me.
I guess that you were sent from above.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
That's how you are my prisoner.
Oh, yeah.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
And your off. That's my sh-
You're the guy.
I only have a real request.
How about some of that for me?
Sure.
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get away.
My prison can stay two, seven years.
Now, seven times a day.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
You're in for many years.
Jimmy.
I really hate these markers.
That's what I'm doing.
Mother.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
That I'm part of him.
I'll stop.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
I'm your prison bitch.
I'm your prison bitch.
I'm your prison bitch.
And when I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
I know my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second dot, I think I'll stay.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch.
You're not like all the others.
You're not like all the others.
I know I'm not like all the others.
Now, you're not so mad.
So, come here, come here.
I know I'm not like all the others.
Now, I know I'm not like all the others.
I know.
You want to find out what you call this, the polka.
Welcome.
I bet you were kind of like you'd taken a back vote
when that started playing, weren't you?
OK, what?
We're about ready for the next break.
No, but what I'm saying is that what I scour...
I'm starting to scour through my DC answer through these 8000 bits.
And I'm listening and even based for you,
over and above the top right i'm finding things that i i don't find anything
in there that's uh... objectionable you understand that you could object to
so i'm gonna play them all right
well i don't know that i mean we're down to such a very limited number anyway
plus we got carabelle going to back for us and he doesn't seem to be very
effective these days he can't even know
uh... hunk a little hunker normal
so just me and drash against the world today because uh... magerlo is not
uh... playing the hot shot at the ballpark
we still can't get a number on that uh... best of uh... that thing
disastrous fundraising campaign we can't get a number from anybody because
they don't care
but we do have the code of the it uh... to a clock
talk at heart ball the crore because nobody else in a market of put them on
here nobody's that desperate will put them on
i got your crowbar the straight-hand homeboy
he'll be a gay f stands for uh...
fans
for opening day-to-day at the ballpark and then we got marlon's on deck at three
thirty four or five year home opener baby the marlon's in the
lame sand eagle pod race
go there and you talk real nice to him at the uh... gate that maybe the
lesson for free safe or who'd have a want to pay to see this crap and i'll say
i have a good point
you know i think for free but i doubted
and then we got on a m thirteen sixty
we got uh... panthers previewed out of marlon game be over by that no you think
well what time is it
the game starts at four or five and the panther previews at seven
uh...
maybe
we'll see
opening day we'll see opening day i figure probably started about four
thirty
uh... really
for what
and uh... who knows you know baseball is one of those games
uh...
maybe extra earnings
maybe a fifteen inning marathon but i'd sound likely
it anyway the panther and uh... preview of against the elise here make
believe at uh... sorry air candidates are excuse me
uh... will be at seven o'clock seven thirty the panthers and make believe
and that probably be on qm cuz certainly by then that then baseball game will
be over already
so we can get the important panther game on
who already been eliminated
and least not officially but they will be very soon including maybe uh...
is certainly this week
all i can say is another break already well that's where it goes
that's what happens when two battles you start uh... commiserating pop up
up out like me and a hump or there you know it's uh...
like that
if you think you have to write in your home you better call our good friends
at ridden past control day for a free term i'd inspection
ridden past control uses that amazing orange or treatment of it funny about
the kills termites and the rags a hundred percent of contact
they are gone faster than you can say joe bell is a clown
if you have to might this is the best possible way to get rid of them and say
goodbye forever
you don't have to tens your house either you have to turn your home into a
circus as clear balls in charge
no worry about poisonous gas
no move-outs no hotel stays no worry about food or pets in your health
they treat your home with this amazing orange oil that nobody else has got
and don't have to leave it all
and back when they don't treating your property the only thing left behind is
the clean set of oranges for just a few days
you'll be running around sniffing the walls in the ceiling
it's true if you have a term i'd problem call ridden past control right now
find out about the amazing orange or treatment the kill termites and the rags
one hundred percent on contact nobody s no tenting no kidding
call right now for no obligation free inspection
call ridden toll free at one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight
that's one eight hundred four four seven forty three forty eight when you
call be sure and tell them
that's how direct-coded call that will mean a lot to them
one eight hundred four four seven four three
four eight four reddit pest control
this is the new Roger
what's all it this is five sixteen two
eight
guys
time and call is looking for the next big star
America's got talent
winner million dollar prize in the biggest house ever held
sing it stands and come it's
and you know i however i'm on record saying
we ought to make the pie
then there's my most famous statement
rarely is the question asked
here's our children learn
ten thirty two twenty eight before eleven o'clock it's the uh... marlin eighty five
hour pregame show i'm thinking if we really care a lot about the marlins
uh... the end of the dolphins any dolphin game even just ordinary games
forget about opening the home opener
just any regular dolphin game that we have we have like uh... out what back
when we had the dolphins
uh... hours and hours like four hours at least a pregame festivities right
yeah
that's the try
uh... that's the price we thought a spot in the gets some of the broadcast
rice fees back
and probably we would do the same for tomorrow we started new with the
pregame the only problem is nobody wants to buy a spot
let's do a little phone check here five six seven oh five sixty before we get
started five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty four right and see the wireless lines very bad news is the
hopper pass long david samson will not be
uh... squeaking of filling in on friday morning day for the hopper
we have no idea who will be with
at bad news
yet
i was wondering that was of the clout or clarebell i'm wondering which would be
the better uh...
name for joe bell
i'm not gonna ask you because obviously you got that hot deal in the
work he's really going to back for you big time
that's what i hear you
he knows smoky virgin's i'll tell you that when comes to going to back for
somebody he know big-pinch hitter
god he's just uh...
non-confused mechus i think is the problem there five six seven look at this
yet i don't think my phone is working
yes working all right five six seven oh five sixty looking for a line checker
or two
now that the latest catchin up next twenty thirty minutes and pound five sixty
on the horizon singular wireless line
why you're not going to be marlin game today why you wouldn't buy any of our
merchandise on the best of
and these people are such liars man we get that pool
look at that almost thirty percent
they've got our cd well that's the case we got the smallest audience have
ever had my life in this market
what a joke that is
wq way in line check
ira just a little
yes sir
it's what they give you a quick website of the picture of just a met cap i think
you'd enjoy
just a met cap
yeah the phone
yeah
for your audience but you like it
but what is it kind of like jay
okay what is it
c o w
l e r
o a d dot com
just go down you'll feel love it sounds part of me i'm not really
that sounds really important
that's not perfect
that's my kind of guy right there real pervert
once a see some some hot guy naked
yeah
well look at this what what's this all about
what i have to go to my pile here and i just i'm really a pissed off of this
whole situation after here and talking to hank
and having clearance and then of course ducking
and you were like an ear witness to it yeah
it's just like one after the other was like watching the uh... deck of cards
come crumbling down man wow one by one
holy and then you see everything was nice and quiet about nine forty three
yeah i had opened up a mouth
yeah you have to go today and then all they started they start
wkym death wish radio hello
hey nia lily a debt of gratitude
for i just moved
and uh... i know how much you hate cats
but uh... i have an outdoor cat now you all the time you have to do his business
indoors
and for two days it's been panic still around here
but as soon as i turned you on this morning
boom you made a b-line for that box
i know you need a little bit of that effect man
okay good luck
kill that thing
put it in the microwave naked
when it doubt newt that thing
don't forget catch the ones that are spreading that birth through a round of
world because the other ones that eat the birds and then they get the you know
and of course people trust those cats and then guess what all can't have the
a bird flu
so either you know kill a bird
or kill a cat with one stone
i have no uh... no room and maybe that's why they're not uh... vinycd's too much
they figure some of that money from abandoned her rescue go to cats
yeah that's the reason that that's gotta be it because i know we're all dog lovers
but anybody's given money to cats fat
nasty i'm real area about guys who have cat
wkym hello
and other reason all fun members okay
wkym hello
you and yes sir
i need
death wish radio yes this house like there is to a voice is this you parents
as i'm a radio
i heard prison bitch and i automatically soon join
no there is nothing really wrong in that bit and i just don't i mean yesterday
listen to it and i thought well what could be objectionable with that i mean
you know
right
for playing it was poorly missed
but i have that okay good luck to see
rectum get that big jar of uh... family size your vacillity now
and there's nothing wrong with that
i agree problem is he and i agree
even you didn't uh... hit the button i hope
no i didn't there there's nothing there although i'm sure that you would like
do a little green apple quick step in your seat but uh... little bit you know
listen to it and i thought well what what could be wrong with that it's uh...
very generic what it refers to
very generic
anyway we understand that you don't want to buy a look
this business about how many people stole the city they found a place to
download it they burned a copy for their friends you have to lie about that
we're not tracing who you are where you are i can like put your name on a
year did you know come on fast up to it stop lying to us
god of a bunch of liars
comity q a m hello
yes sir
when i come in uh... and do the spot in my
yeah
comity q a m hello
tenty tenty one two three
i notice that he started to be the good job
uh...
oh just like uh... buddy holly said not fade away but in your case you forget
the not
seventy q a m hello
yes sir
you know
you know
uh...
couple of years of quick uh... just curious i know you have been talking about
lily but
uh... i'm assuming that your patina and you're enjoying yourself
and everybody and it's not a shang and be sixty three today
uh... you should be enjoying your elder years
yes
uh... i think we will for you i mean i think
it's going out well it's going great
i mean you a man of your stature and your income level i mean you should be
a city of yourself
and i hope you are i'm serious i'm sorry i'm serious and if a word for
him and my life would be perfect if a word for that place to be there the only
pimple on my life
that's awesome because i think
if i was in your position
on her own course
but i know what position you're right i know
uh... well you know
but i mean i would just be yet only
you know
testy said a lot of you and myself with uh...
multiple partners and
whatever i want because
i don't have a sense right
well yeah i'm i'm totally proud of you like i know you have no city's
other kids
and i've heard you throw all the things in that you deserve you have my friend
i've been hearing the uh... moronic leaders uh... reply about we can just
uh...
uh...
uh...
you can buy past the wall
right well we we that's right we don't have a president where we have a
dictator right
graduate
so very of me
another reason to be away from there but good luck to pali
is a good guy actually started like uh... somewhat sincere which is shocking
and software
uh... i have i have no complaints other than that place
which i'm thinking after that long summer schedule manual you do two days
week at that point i might have a surprise announcement for them because of
this
this jolt bell i don't know how long you think he can keep doing this you know
sooner or later you got to pay the paper you know i mean
it's like paying your bills it's the same thing
you can stall you can make excuses and sooner or later and usually sooner
they'd like cut off your phone or cut off your electric or yes or your satellite
with with all these things happen to keep away because they don't pay their bills
but i mean sooner or later he's gonna have to get off the pot already you know
terabelle
quit the common around sweetheart get with it
got the pot
my god
he's he's still worried about whether it's uh... gonna be uh... mister ripple or
what's the other what's another brand of uh... toilet paper i don't even know
what the point
but now that's mister ripple
uh...
see that's the only one we have to do that
while i'm mister ripple man he had even though the guys did he had quite an
impact on our lives don't squeeze it and uh... paper either
but he can figure out what you would stand a wife with this guy you just can't
get off the pot
but it would put about all you know you've got to love you guys what's great
or real happy to hear that but do something
do something
jesus god joe
do something
you know if it's something bad
just do something
god of course he doesn't believe the phrase somebody might not like him you know
he we just want to be loved
that's a wrong
ten forty twenty before eleven at five sixty it's the marlin pregame pregame and
we're gonna have the big build up we got the crow come up later on today at
two o'clock man that should be really that's embarrassing
we see some of the proper proper right exactly and of course
the mary mary
many
remery
yeah you'll be here not a lot of that crap from the crow he spells real good
though he
she takes a bath in cashmere bouquet
you'll be small over the radio the crow
as a matter of fact if you want to small my close in person this go out to
gate effort the stadium
for opening the
don't have to go up just go to gate at the go
that's right don't even have to get within like a hundred yards of me you'll
smell it a mile away oh man cashmere bouquet must be the crow
so he's a gate the f is the crow flies
you know being outdoors like being at gate f in south for the need comfortable
shoes to take good care of your titsy so the only place to go is brandy shoes
and prestigious pompino beach
brandy's carries all the major brands like floor shine at comapista rockport
hush poppy's new balance all the other names in the shoe business that you know
in all sizes by the way for men and women they even carry wide wits if you have
big fat platypus type feet and hard to find sizes too
brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer all soft
photo and when you go into brandy's and you see the selection value get in the
nice treatment you get you'll understand why we've rigged about them for years
brandy's is the best go see our good friend Arnie who'll get you the right fit
at the right price every time and unlike those department stores where you're
way to round and way to round for a salesholder take care of you and then they
finally tell you that the side the style you like isn't on the shelf in your
the only thing they do with brandy's is shoes that's all they do do so you don't
have to worry about size selection of service you want it they got it an
unreadable prices too brandy shoes you'll find brandy's at 1290
north federal highway and pompino beach right between Atlanta and copeds on the
east side can't miss it they're open every day of the week Monday through
Saturday till nine every Sunday till five in this week the brandy's is a
stupendous time to buy S.A.S. say 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all great men's and
women's style so be sure to get your ass into brandy's this week or shop on
their website at brandy's shoes dot com
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8.
you just found your new home for soft rock super light when you want the best
soft and easy favorite soft and easy super light 94.6 FM super light
the
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
e
the
e
e
category, no chance. I stole a CD 24. I steal it. I don't give it to charity 16 and it sucks.
Well, no, what do you mean it? There's two things there. The T-shirt, what do I say? T-shirt
and the CD. The CD sucks and you put it sucks. They know what I mean. Yeah. Better watch it
because Josh isn't kind of a surly move. He's not real happy with the way he's being treated
like some kind of a, some kind of a lemon, some kind of a rubber ball. Maybe kind of
like that rubber ball and Joyce's mouth. This is Neil Roger. I don't think you want to be there.
This is 5.62 am. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Well, I guess I should hold a hand on my little shirt. What a blitch and that's come over me.
Like a man healed on my chest, so the bad as the bad as the bad as the bad. On my floor it is the bad movie.
My king to show. Let's know the way. I know it's true. It calls.
It's very full of 900 to offer. It's like, you might see it on my property.
It's 11.02 at 5.62. I'm going to have to talk a hard ball with the crow at 2. Holy cow. Am I embarrassed by that?
I gave that opening day at the Marlins there, man. Marlins in Jeffrey Lury was on it this morning, but a beep, but a moop that I'm up,
and he's going to get involved. He's going to do this. David Chanston won't be on filling in for the Humper on Friday morning.
Humper is going off on spring's Arkansas. I wasn't that nice to me to get him a nice weather forecast there.
Yeah, well, that is good for a cat. Good stuff. That is good stuff, man. In the 80s, it ought to be really nice and hot springs, Arkansas.
Well, I mean, can't everything. I'm sure that the delis probably aren't the best, especially at pace off time.
They probably don't have any good matsu pizza there or a matsu, whatever. Speaking of Matsu, Bernardo Provenzano, the undisputed cheese.
I've got a pretty good pile here, by the way, and I'm sure that you won't be objecting unlike Miguel, who's at the pin in the ass.
Miguel, we know that you're lazy. You've got a lot of other fish to fry. Don't care about us. That's fine.
Hope you have a good time out there with a crow. Snickers aren't pits.
Good thing. It's a total. Did he? No, I said just get us a total.
Oh, I thought you said he got us a total. Yeah, get us a total for this project.
It's not embarrassing enough that we're like sucking wind on it. Just get us a total for Christ's sakes.
Man. Like Hank said, man, they set you up for failure. It's the new deal now, the embarrassment factor.
Look at how many votes we got. Seven 77 about 20 minutes ago. We had 66.
You'll I think we still 28.9. They're adamant, man. They keep saying we bought it. We won't know you didn't. No, you didn't. I don't believe you.
Oh, and two people said this. See these sucks. Yeah, well, guess what? Suck this. I'm not buying it. Are you?
Oh, especially since you and George put that together and you guys took it. Yeah, I helped out. George did most of it.
Well, no, I like I said it sucks. Bernardo Proven's on or the poor George man, how they're jerking him around.
He hasn't had a contract since the beginning of the year. He's working on the like some dark cloud.
And oh, I'm going to take care of George. That's what Claire Bell told me.
And I still haven't got an email back from Norma Kent. He's probably in court again.
You know something normal. I'm not sending any more money this year. How's that? Whatever you got. That's it because you're not doing it.
You're not getting it done, man. Make believe agents fantasy man fantasy man. Too much comedy with them young runaway boys.
That's the problem. Norma just like they said to Godfather too much comedy with it. The young girl remember that? Yes.
And Roland Marlon Brando said you could act like a man.
Fuck him out. Just like that. Slack El Martino off the side of the head. And then he said, the being your bloody brains all over your nice side.
At least Santina said that. Well, anyway, it's a Godfather story. That's why I played that.
Bernardo Proven's on or the undisputed chief of the Sicilian mafia.
I wonder if he was kind of Pat Proven's on or used to be the head of the baby downs racetrack.
Who had been on the run for more than four decades was arrested while hiding in a farmhouse near Corleone and Sicily officials said.
See a lot of you people thought there was no such places as Corleone. I did not know that. What? That there is a Corleone? I didn't know that. Well, there absolutely is.
I think it's a good. Take the could only thank God the hottest finally over said Palermo police chief Giuseppe Caruso today.
Just set the caruso man talk about a stereotypical name. How about a Guido from barred by all these Italian names said today after agents
now Italy's most wanted man scoring the states biggest success against the mafia more than 13 years.
Bernardo Provenzano. Provenzano known as the Phantom of Corleone after his native hill town made famous by the Godfather films has been
running them off. This is former boss of bosses. Toto Rihina was arrested 1993.
He was arrested when police swooped in in a farmhouse in the countryside near Corleone. Provenzano who put up no resistance and acknowledges identity after first denying it was flown in by helicopter to a secret location in Palermo.
The big news even bump national election results off a task on TV news. They still trying to fix that election over there.
They're calling the bush people. They're called Carl Roven the bush people in Catherine Harris and James Baker the third to see how they can fix the election to keep Burlusconi in there.
Don't look at them. Provenzano 73 is the one that's in 63 was known as Italy's super fugitive. He had been sentenced in absentia to life in jail and connection with the mafia's most notorious crimes in recent decades including the killings in 1992 of top anti mafia mafia magistrates Giovanni Falcone and Paulo Borcellino.
The latest picture police had of him was taking when he was only 25 years old. It's since been using computer or the pictures of how he might have aged.
Aided by information from turnt caught mafia. Police said they found cryptic no sons while pieces of paper known as Titini which Provenzano used to communicate with accomplices and his family.
Pizini sounds like something you'd eat. Yeah, or maybe the has under the would done by Zini Pizini. In Corleone the news of his capture was met by disbelief.
I don't get how many day go get any what grease ball gun bars come out of the woodware exactly people were shot said Dino Petro and anti mafia journalists is not the invisibility became part of our psyche.
Most people believe he'd never get caught as young man he was known as Vinodetractor because of the way he mowed down enemies when arising hitmen of the Corleone clan. Vinodetractor.
Kind of like what they're doing to a Q and M. Like a like a gigantic tractor came at a time just mowing us right down that way you feel pretty much.
Get mowed down or mo howard David it or maybe more green. You know who I am. I'm more green. Well good.
760 when I look at it to actually the numbers going up now. So what do you think? This is just we're getting a free done this because I was as soon as I saw that when I put the pull on their last night.
But what a bunch of BS artist man well you never know they could be being honest today. But I doubt it.
You think 29% of our audiences bought the CB in the t-shirt because if that's the case route of business remember the interdist are people going on our website right now but you know probably not there's.
There's some. I'll keep in mind that it's a very limited number of people I can vote we were talking about that yesterday like if you're within about a 75 block radius thanks to the limitations of the internet.
Well that's only if if you're on you know the same network is right you know like companies you know but I'm sure yeah I'm sure people are being limited to that well that's not good.
Anyway 29% of the online people said they bought it so it's the people offline those are the problem the other masses out there and of course they're cheap.
They can't afford a computer anyway so you think they're going to buy a CD or a thinking t-shirt now another choice would be Niels not here to sign them.
You want to put that on there? Okay. Yeah and they'll give me a lot of the blame. Oh well we used to like to go to those appearances and you would sign our CD and you would sign our t-shirt.
Yeah I'll I'm sure that will be a lot of folks. Yeah I have a feeling it will. Oh yeah blame me for it. I'll be more than happy to take the blame it's my fault Niels fault that you're cheap.
560560 boy I got some good stuff in this pile today maybe I got a nice fat pile man.
So Miguel didn't even call you with a total of anything yet what a what a sucker you know and you know George sticks up for him because birds of a feather stick together and I said ethnic thing again he always covers up for a poor Miguel poor down trod and Miguel.
I mean we go out of the kitchen the ground you don't have that bitch Doreen chasing around the halls anymore what else you got to do.
He actually praised daily in his office because of that. No there you go boy she was really stupid. You know her Doreen. Yeah did I boy was she something else man.
That's a good script of something else. I can't say it on the air. She made Joyce seem like a good humor lady.
Somebody Q a.m. Hello. Q a.m. Hello there. Yes sir. Neil. Yeah. I bought wine.
I bought wine from Miguel the first day. Well thank you so much you're the one. Yeah.
I was a temper of mine. I'll tell you who it is. I found the girl. Check that. How was it? Was it okay the CD and it was a defective? Was it okay? No it's terrific.
Did he give me like a $50 bill in the envelope or something? I mean did he like you know. No it didn't give me a bribe. I just know what the.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know.
about you in the fact that we can't get your deal straight enough and you notice what
he's done on that.
You notice?
Yeah, I've noticed a lot.
N-A-D-A is in NADA, not a thing.
Nothing.
Zip of the Duda.
And he's having just as much success for you as he is for George, so don't feel left
out.
An equal amount of success.
None.
As they stand the rectumry man, none.
None, not the rectumry.
What was they called?
What are the content?
I'm sorry.
I get them confused.
You know the rectumry and the content.
All that gets key stuff there.
All your kids out there that are off from school this week don't let your parents drag
you to church or shul and start in dr.
Nidia and definitely all you Islamists maniacs out there.
Quit the sticking nose and some guys butt.
They were shown that there was a really good show on a passionate eye on CBC last night
again about what's going on in Iraq since with the insurgents and everything.
Oh my god.
What's going on over there?
You're enough to make you scream.
And they show these Islamic fundamentalists lunatics, you know, and they're like under
carpets and they got there.
The one guy's got his ass up in the air and the guy behind him's got his nose in it and
sniffing.
Oh brother.
Good God.
That is just this whole religion thing man.
Stop already with the insanity.
As Susan Toddler would say stop the insanity.
Let's get down to important stuff.
Okay?
Like sex and drugs and cut the crap already.
And then talk about a bunch of hypocrites, you know?
Remember those terrorists, the alleged the 9-11 terrorists where they spent their last
couple lives in a strip club somewhere in Florida there.
Remember that?
That's right.
Mohammed Ahtah, he was there in some strip joint.
Getting a flat dance.
Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable in that sweat box called South Florida
all summer and all year long?
How about getting instant 1200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five-star edition of the carrier infinity system?
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and
Heat where they've been taken care of the track county area families for counter-m 3 long
excruciating generations.
As the carrier factory authorized, either Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction and
that guarantee is backed by a carrier that people who invented air conditioning and now
have come along with the carrier infinity system.
This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted itself for maximum
efficiency.
And speaking of maximum efficiency to maintain it on your prisoner conditioner, join the
Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club.
Here's how it works.
Twice a year, they come to your house, they inspect and tune up your system.
You'll enjoy a priority same day service if you have a problem and 10% off and a needed
repairs.
All of these things for just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two-speed infinity system with pure on or piece of mind all
year round with a comfort club, either way, make the Royce choice.
That's the smart way to go.
Royce Air and Heat column tool 3 at 1-800-377-0075.
From that Troy Toyota DeCole, 1-800-377-0075 for Royce Air and Heat.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-F.
You f-
Bill?
God.
Luigi.
Yes, Don Mario.
I never wanted this for you.
I killed Donkey Kong to take care of my family and I refused to be a fool.
Dancing on the joystick held by some deadly teenager.
But I thought that when it was your time that you would be the one to hold the joint
stick.
Same as a Luigi, governor Luigi, when it wasn't enough time and I'm afraid it's game over.
It leaves me good.
Take a good only.
Goodness, sir.
A bit of myself.
The Coyleone family from Coyleone Sicily, Sicilia.
How a schmalsy man.
I saw a cooking show from a polar emoji.
It's a matter of fact on the food channel which I ordinarily don't watch.
I definitely don't watch Iron Chef.
It's got nothing to do with the food.
That business with Iron Chef.
Oh, brother.
Finally, George is out this week so we can rip him a nest.
850-5 votes on the pool and still 28.9% say, oh, we bought it.
We did it.
We did it.
What do you want from us?
We did it.
That's what I say.
Oh, Neil's not here.
His sign has already got 1.
I bet you Josh voted for that.
I did not.
566705 and guess what?
I ain't coming here to sign it.
I'll go sign some autographs at the Air Canada Center.
I'll come by.
I'll go by him if you do.
What?
You got to start coming down.
I did vote for the...
I did vote for the...
I mean, finish.
I'm going to have a whole bunch of these CDs with me.
Not.
And I'm going to be standing outside the Air Canada Center at Gate the Z,
as in Z, as in Z.
They were talking to some guy from the Bruins organization,
at least TV, the other day, in Jeff Merrick, who is a real idiot, a punk.
He says, I want to follow this, he's so-and-so from WBZ in Boston.
I just...
I just about fell off my sofa, WBZ.
I mean, I know that's a Canadian thing, that's Z, you know what?
Jeez.
Even you know WBZ in Boston.
I've heard, yeah.
You've heard of it.
I mean, Radio 103.
Bruce Bradley and Jay Dunn and Jefferson K and Arnie Ginsbury,
not Arnie Ginsbury.
What's his name?
Larry Glick and Dave Manard and Carl D'Souw's.
Huh?
All of those go in.
A 25, this is from Monomeny Wisconsin.
This is kind of cute.
25-year-old man linked to stealing 854 pairs of underwear.
Yes, all that.
I was sentenced to one year in jail in Monomeny Wisconsin.
It was the second time he was convicted of stealing panties.
Anthony Allen's school field.
I wonder if he was kind of a ducky school field used to play for the Paris.
It was also sentenced to 10 years probation on Friday and Dunn County Circuit Court in Monomeny Wisconsin.
Following his guilty plea to a felony burglary charge in February,
it had faced more than 18 years in prison.
It sure could have been a lot worse.
A lot worse, it's a difficult crime set as attorney Peter Moran.
School field had been accused of stealing three pair of thong underwear from a woman in Monomeny last summer.
He allegedly broke into the woman's home house she was out of town.
The stole of the woman described as very distinctive looking underwears.
School field was arrested a short time later after police found the underwear at his residence in Monomeny.
He was convicted of a similar felony burglary in 2003.
He's a panties sniffer, okay?
What's the big simmous?
Police had linked him to the effect of 854 panties.
His probation ended days before the burglary last summer.
He left the register and I was a sex offender because of his crimes.
He was also undergo sex offender treatment pay $2,500 fine.
Oh, where's Flaher? I'll bet.
I like that. He's a panties sniffer.
There are some people who are a panty waste.
And then we got some who are a panties sniffer.
Well, and then there's somewhere like a panty stiffer.
812 votes 28.8% say, oh, we bought it.
Leave us alone. We won't know you.
Flaher's. It's just the rest of the people don't want to say they're too cheap or they don't want it.
You know, we're not going to hurt our feelings.
We'd rather have a billion people on it and say we're too cheap to do it or we just don't want to leave us alone.
You know, no more charity sticks.
See, that one's moving up a little bit.
That's what I voted for. It's a pain in the ass, man.
Begging. Going on here and begging. Please.
Don't you do it for us? Please.
No, they won't.
Well, it's like trying to get blood out of a turnip, man.
Like trying to get water out of a rock. You can't do it.
No matter how hard you squeeze, it's like, you know, having a little intestinal problem.
No matter how hard you squeeze, you can't get anything out.
You know what I'm saying? I'm sure you do.
I've been there. We all have.
We've all been there.
We've all been there with veins in our forehead just about ready to pop right.
Just like that.
56670560.
I've heard from too many Marlon fans, though, whipped up about being on their way to that Marlon game.
Today, they're going to go there and tailgate. They're going to hang out with the crow.
Well, that's going to be waiting to call the crow, not us.
Oh, is that what it is? That's got to be talking a hard ball with a crow from 2 to 330.
This year, I want to talk to us.
And that's talking a hard ball with Neal.
No, they don't want to talk no baseball with a hard ball soft ball.
They don't want to do with us.
Not to the sports freaks.
WQAM, Marlon Central. Hello.
Some like to vacuum like a Hoover.
Yeah, what don't get sucked into it?
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I bet you do.
I got an idea for you too.
That's it.
56670560.
Pound 560. He didn't fade out real fast.
Well, I'm faster than you are today.
I'm on top of it.
Oh, I had him there. Come on there.
Pound 560.
We've arrived in a singular wireless line.
See if we can just eliminate him.
Life would be so much better all the way around.
This is true.
I mean, I can put up with Prozac Ron.
You know, even once in a great while, he says something
a little bit on the musingside.
That was a good year.
Oh, yeah, maybe once a year, every 10 years.
And even Blind Mike, who called him the other day.
Even he's like maybe about a twice a six month kind of a day.
But the other one in his boyfriend, man,
knows it or wants it, I'm going to tell Dick Feinberg to get a hitman.
If he stays in the top of the park, we can get a two for one day.
He's in the G-man, you know, the other one.
We'll call that guy.
He's going away and coming back.
Like a bad penny.
He keeps coming back over and over again.
Over again.
Every time you think he outridden one and all of a sudden,
they resurface again.
Like a bad dream.
Like a nightmare.
Like Clara Bell.
Speaking of nightmare.
I still ain't got no message from Norma Kent there.
Somebody QYM, hello.
QYM.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I just want to let you know that we would love to buy these things,
but unfortunately because of disposable income now,
we've all got to like a tax on us with the gas prices.
I just put 50 bucks in my truck and didn't even fill it up.
And, you know, it should be.
Hey, by the way, I'm glad you reminded me.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
Thank you.
What a jackass.
I'll tell you.
He stuck his face in a business, and now they're wondering why they're getting stung.
Right.
It's just unbelievable.
But I mean, I would love to do to help.
And anyway, I can.
And I have in the past.
But disposable income has all been evaporated.
And it's all in my bag.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pali.
Thank you.
Okay, let's put that on there, too.
We've got no money.
We've got no cash.
How's that?
All right, cool.
And now, seriously, I bet there are a lot of people out there being glad to help us out.
I think it's just getting got no cash.
This guy costs him about 700 bucks to fill up his tank.
Look at that.
At least 30 killed in a bombing in Karachi, Pakistan.
Oh, man.
Those Pakistanis, man.
Then in the Saudis, there's where we ought to be, like, directing our attention.
Several gigantic nukes might straighten their ass out.
I'll add bullcrap.
Karachi, Pakistan.
Una bomba grande, man.
Look at our grabbing body parts.
And, wow.
820.
We're going to add that on there.
Oh, Neil's not here to sign it.
Five.
Yeah, my autograph's really worth a lot of money, man.
That should be a really good excuse.
They just want to see you, man.
Well, guess what?
Like the Beatles said, you won't see me.
You won't see me.
You won't smell me.
You won't know for me.
I don't want to.
Oh, seven now, Neil's not here.
But I'll get that on there.
I've never got no cash.
Just put it on there.
Well, as soon as I refresh it, it'll probably pop up in this guy.
No, he had a very good point.
I mean, you know, what would you rather have?
Gas in your tank so you can go to work?
Or would you rather have our stupid ass CD?
Don't have any cash.
It doesn't have any yet.
And look at a lot of votes.
Here's a great article.
I better not start yet, because I have to interrupt it.
Voice to clear to himself above the law has the first American dictatorship already arrived.
Man, this is a good one.
You're going to be on the edge of your seats.
Listen, I'm sure you will.
Of course, all you punks out there that would know George Bush from your mama, get lost.
Okay?
Go out there and sell some drugs.
Go do something constructive.
Get out of our face.
I'll let them little silly people.
Yeah, I'm talking about Ken.
I try to be fairly broad-minded.
You know, not broad-minded like you.
You're broad-minded in different way.
But, you know, what an open mind.
That's a better way to put it.
Have it.
Oh, keep an open mind.
Especially in being in Toronto most of the year.
We're like, there's all these injured people and packy people.
I'm sorry, Pakistan.
He's a love one.
And people from like Chinese people in Korean people in Filipino.
And that's where I draw the line.
Filipino is where I draw the line.
Can't do this.
No.
And of course not only that, but I draw the line right there too.
Oh, I check that machine line at that point.
I just draw the line.
I'm not like Johnny Cash.
I walk the line.
I draw the line.
I'm going to come out with a song.
I draw the line.
Right about it.
You're right.
Right about that fine line between where you're standing and my ass is sitting here at the machine line.
Get stay away from me.
Stay away from me and my machine man.
Because I might pull out a good machine gun and you'd be surprised.
26 past 11.
And that's what they say in Jamaica.
Everybody needs a good machine gun.
Oh, and where the hell was I hearing about?
I think it was in Caracas.
They had like 9,000 murders.
There's some still unbelievable number last year.
What do I always tend about Caracas?
It's a slaughterhouse.
All these poor people live up in Las Montaos men.
They're up there in the mountains and these little shacks with their TV antennas,
with their aerials on top.
And I was speaking to an aerial shirone he was doing good.
And then at night time, as soon as he gets started, they come into town.
They like rob everybody and rape and plunder and kill.
And it's a nut house.
Of course.
Let me just tell you, when you get that big raise, don't spend that money going to Latin America.
Go straight to Amsterdam.
I wouldn't worry about it.
Oh, yeah, I wouldn't even.
Especially with Norma Kent now returning.
I'm going to send him and during the next break, I'm sending him a scathing email.
I'm going to tell him, guess what?
I already paid your certain amount of money in the, you know.
And after that, good luck to you, Norma.
Your useless is, your useless is, breast on a frog, man.
Breast on a boop-o-toad.
I have been telling you folks for years about dialing mattress and their outstanding service.
If you thought dialing 100 mattress on the phone was easy, check out mattress.com.
You shop whenever and wherever you want.
When you log out of dialing mattress is mattress.com page.
You see the extensive product line from all the top names that you're right away in love.
Seely, service, Simmons, King Coil, temperate, experience, and bananas foster.
You also see photos, pictures, prices, and a whole lot more.
You can do the whole ordering process online or after you visit mattress.com.
Just call them 1-800-MACRIS.
Place your order and schedule that delivery in a two-hour window that you choose.
Like noon to two, one to three, two to four, and they show up.
And right now, take advantage of dialing mattress is great 12-month financing program too.
When you call 1-800-MACRIS, you get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during those so-called big sales.
And you don't have to leave the house and schlep all around and waste that expensive gas.
So call right now a dialer mattress at 1-800-MACRIS.
The official mattress company of this show call 1-800-MACRIS right now.
And talk with an expert Betty Consultant who renews their crap or logouta-MACRIS.com
for the rest of the week we've ever had in your lifetime.
1-800-MATTR-ES.
Leave off the last answer because it stands for Stupendus Sensational Saving.
This is Neil Roger.
What's all it is?
This is 560-Q-A-MACRIS.
David's a bitch.
You also, Katie Curric announcing her departure from NBC.
But now here's something you didn't get to see.
It's what Katie was saying on the air, followed by what was going on at the same exact time with the behind the scenes crew.
First, here's Katie.
So I wanted to tell all of you out there I decided I'll be leaving to throw at the end of now.
And now here's with the crew who she always treated so nicely over the years was saying at that exact time.
Here's Katie again.
I know I don't know the vast majority of you personally and it may sound kind of corny.
And here's the crew.
Oh, you're eating small fruits.
No, it's personal.
I've done her hair for the last 12 years.
She's still calling me.
Thank you.
Again, back to Katie lives.
But I could not have asked for a more talented partner or better friend than just as Dorothy said to the scarecrow.
I think I'm gonna miss him most of all.
And here's the crew backstage.
Three, now we can buy.
We can wait.
We can wait.
Three, now we can wait.
We can buy.
Yep, Katie Kirk is leaving NBC and from the guy she threw the stapler at to the intern she screamed at.
And everyone she stepped on every day.
This is a merry happy goodbye.
Yeah, I have a feeling she was like the sandy patent of NBC.
On the year with that nice therapy thing on here.
And then of course behind the scenes everybody have a nice day.
Hated her like poison just like an eye of the hated sandy off the air like poison.
Speaking of behind the scenes.
Yes, I got to just got a call from Norm Kent.
Yes, and he was.
What do you mean you just got a call?
I just got a call on what?
Unlike your top up toaster?
No, I got called the station.
Yeah.
And he said he wasn't caught and he's gonna shoot you back an email just afternoon.
Yeah, we'll tell him.
It's okay.
Tell my shortly a sheriff.
The Mosher of.
Oh man between here.
It's just they just where you are man.
And listen to the Humper this morning.
He's he's not like about the radio like him.
And he can't even pay himself on a sharp object.
Yeah, he did.
He really started about his morbid and depressed because he's usually kind of up be you know.
Even when he's 700 pounds he still you know.
Now he keeps his chin up.
But this morning he started I mean so down in the dumps you know.
And of course they made a lot of bad decisions and now they want that they want other people to pay for their decisions.
It's not gonna happen.
Okay.
The rest of the people are gonna bail your asses out.
Because all you people made a lot of stupid decisions.
And because you wouldn't listen to anybody else.
And so now you're locked in a box they got like an algorithm would say they got that lock box.
And then time for pay something at locks in a box.
I don't know if you can eat locks on pay saw.
I don't know what they're you know what I eat whatever I want to eat.
I don't care whether it's pay saw whether it's good Friday bad Friday whether it's length borrowed sold.
Oh God.
The fact you know people who who live their lives by road you know.
I mean in other words everything is predetermined for them by some because some getsky told them this is what you do on Friday.
Right.
And this is what you do on a certain day because the calendar said you know cut the crap already will you.
I have no respect for people who are themselves to be in their lives to be manipulated by my exploiters which is all these villages get skis out.
It is exploiters that's all yes.
Oh you're gonna have seven virgins up there you're gonna have a hundred virgins.
Yeah well that tells me you're a prover.
Okay.
If you want to blow yourself up because you wait for a bunch of virgins.
Which would all the babies there punching out over there I see too many Islamic virgins by the way I could be wrong but I don't think so.
And even in India man where they like the hate women like poison they feel like crap they're aborting all those female fetuses.
But nevertheless they still find a way to reproduce I don't know I think those Indian guys are doing it by themselves.
The reproducing part although.
From what I've seen it's possible I guess 845 votes we're gonna make that thousand really easy today.
That means we got somebody out there somebody you know couple.
I think I think that this station has been removed from the dial.
Well the signal's bad enough it's almost the same.
Yeah that's true.
We want to go on FM we want to take over a kiss I mean Clara Bell used to be the GM of kiss.
Get that country crap off it even put that on AM all of them truck drivers they'll listen to it on AM they'll listen to it on XM.
I like the sound of it.
Let's get on FM let's get we're living and breathing people are nobody out of the age of 100 listen to AM radio anyway.
I've been saying that for like 10 years you can imagine what it's like now.
We have we have like all these different handicaps to overcome.
First we're on a stupid ass sports station where they talk about ball games and guys that take showers together which sounds awfully.
To me.
And then we're like on a end to tap it all off but you're off take the money right to the bank just like yesterday.
Just keep the checks coming I don't care I sound like I care.
I only wish I could be one of those people I really mean this if there's one thing I wish I wish I could just abandon all of that.
Yeah I wish I just couldn't give it could get to the point where I didn't give a crap you know I just can't do I know how to do that.
What I mean I need to be hypnotized I need to see my old friend Bert Tanen get hypnotized.
Ten from twenty fifth or there are boxes close to what is they can come at payday don't care about anything else just forget about it screw everybody else.
Josh is having trouble getting a deal screw Josh George too bad with it you know like that.
Go see Tony Robbins get you hypnotized I don't want to see that guy with those donkey teeth I don't want to see that man he's got his head is bigger than some cities.
That does banana hands too God is he some kind of a freak or what you got a hand it to him though although I like basking Robert's better than Tony Robbins.
Damn going man so what a normal say he said he was in court yeah and he said he's going to shoot you an email and he said ding dong which is dead exactly.
I don't want to be I'd hang up the phone and run like hell I almost did but I wouldn't blame him he squeaked out that he was going to get you.
I think he probably like you well that's nice to know but yeah well he might take you under his wing.
Oh yeah it's probably getting a little crowded over that wing but nevertheless why didn't or want you by Niels anniversary CD and or T-shirt we asked today we got eight hundred and fifty.
Votes on a pool that they they don't really like this pool anyway you know I hate this pool has got a hundred and five I don't play me it's a but I just did it out of curiosity if there were like some reason if maybe like I farted the wrong
flavor or maybe if George puts a meal garbage on there that you didn't like you know I mean what's the problem and what I tell you because you're not here to sign it is moving up.
No I told you that then it wasn't either one I told you to put it on there I told you that the turn this around to blame me if you were just here to sign it we'd
have bought a new one your full of crap I'll tell you what mail it to me set it to me and I'll mail sign it or what I'll do is I'll set a whole bunch of my signatures you can slap them on there how's that.
All right sounds good I put on a rubber stamp I did buy a 243 out of a fifty three twenty eight and a half percent still say oh we did know you didn't you're lying I did no don't you believe me no I'm too cheap one I need to and I see there's a difference between I don't have any money and too cheap two
cheap means you got the money this won't cut loose with twenty bucks fasters 192 boy T.T.T.T.T.T. don't want that's meant 155 well I don't blame it I hate this pool 106 please no more charity stick 86 and that's why cut it off that's why I just
associated from it because it got to be ponderous that kept sending the fan out in the middle of the everglades and couldn't understand why nobody was showing up oh we're on
a U.M. thing you know a Bernie Kosa are in a 40 or 60 bucks I got news for the U.M. crowd those are the last people going to be involved with
this show U of M 60 years I sweat it over hot microphone doing great job on U.M. baseball I was brilliant sensational and you know what they give me a
return they give me the Italian salute like Antling Scalia still I stole a CD 25 they burned it they copied it they downloaded it they steal it at least they're honest about it and at least they wanted it you know
I don't give it to you 17 meals not here to sign a 12 see they're very convenient it's my fault there's no question about of the CD sucks 10 and I don't have any cash so the land of excuses why aren't you going to the Marlins home
opener day I don't got no money I don't got you okay I hate them I don't want you know there's no embarrassment factor by the way the
blue jeans are a fucking win now against Tampa Bay why is it that certain teams just can't beat certain other teams you've ever noticed that yes I mean the devil raise how can
they still be in business you think the Marlins draw bad the Marlins have on a bad day I know more people are one day the devil
race getting six months that's sure that's seriously Tampa's not a place for a baseball team no it's not there's no business being there the hockey teams
drawing well not because they want to freaking stand the cup the last time we had a season and now they're going to make the playoffs again they're pretty much in
right even though they sucked win Sunday night they're in sunrise but they know they got Vinnie like how they ate I told you if they
would have started the Sean Birkin goal of pants is wouldn't the score to goal would have been a shut out and a blowout hey but they
didn't man you know they started the John Graham and they said here you go we feel sorry for our across state rivals and as
ago here plus they were a whole lot of people there well it's six 7000 10 41 19 that that's a good pull we
got to take which which south Florida team lies the most about their attendance boy that's a tough one yeah is it the Marlins isn't the panthers the heat I don't
know I guess they eat you're all pretty well right and they're hard to tell they tried to tell because nobody sits in their seats
they're all busy schmoozing around that's what I hear that's our way in front autograph from well I'm going to tell you the
they he hangs it up that'll be the end of that organization of course the day that Pat Riley gets a haircut and that
was his name retires that'll be the end no more heat it'll be more like a lukewarm a dry concepts is no lukewarm I fit
man they're the best in the car pertaining business I've been using them in my homes for over 21 long amazing years and what a job
they always do these are people that will never let you down they were my house three weeks ago today's matter three
weeks ago yesterday don't lie and the unusual fabulous job and of course they want to remind you now that spring is
officially arrived cleaning your windows and doing a little dusting here they're you know let surface cleaning and make
it the outside appearance that your home is clean but until you're deep clean all the dirt and germs that'll deep down in your
carpeting your furniture draper even that bending it just really isn't clean and ain't sanitary dry concepts is offering spring time
specials right now to help you with all your spring cleaning and adjust the phone call away like always and don't forget
dry concepts specialize in a poultry cleaning to leather cleaning drapery cleaning oriental rug cleaning water damage
restoration pet odor treatments and to get rid of those dust mites mattress cleaning to and so much more just don't
have clean your house this spring don't do it slow don't do it fast and certainly don't do it half
as do the smart thing called dry concepts today and have your home really clean from top to bottom they always
show up on time they're always professional and always you have to think dry concepts first they give you
written guaranteed price up front before they start the job to no scams no after a tack on just a fabulous job at a
fair price every time indeed rather than the Palm beaches do you spring cleaning with dry concepts by calling that
toll free number 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 and the best on the planet you can check them on the
internet at dryconcepts.com this is me Roger this is 516 QAF
Roger time
people want to make me go talking about my innovation but I still got some
lawns to mow
my innovation
jobs I do remember off the hard talking about my innovation oh nobody acts for my green card talking about my
innovation my innovation is
see they want me to go away
my innovation
I'm working on the work with this kind of thing
talking about my innovation
I'm building a water ran your whole nation
talking about my innovation
the game time is my other artificial
talking about my innovation
it's an innovation baby
in this dirt it's a kitchen wash man
it's a kitchen
it's a kitchen
it's a kitchen
it's a living alien nation baby
and of course this is your
decapitation station how about your disintegration station
your disintegration station is terabell is watching this disintegrate right before it's very high
let me 47 at 560 WQ we got the crow coming up right from gate at the ballpark
maybe get over there or be square okay there's some arm truck
problems
many rameras going locker room and pump pump pump
big old red blowers in there have a
you and me but trove me but the globe okay but severe
risk is right oh yeah i guess they're all i shouldn't have been out of there just then
because i forgot my very favorite crew line you know what that is
what's that?
they get in there they get it there they get it there they get it there they get it there they get it there they get it they get it there they get it they get it they get it they get that please
that's my favorite so if you like that stay tuned cuz it's two o'clock again hour and a half on that crab
the crow who is a border line human can't wait
to get out from two to three thirty one is back in the air with us now
so we'll have uh we'll have uh all new uh
Bits coming at you soon. No question about it. That's the only reason we're putting them on
Marlins on deck of 330 to Marlins and the pod raise home opening day maybe
Be there or not and if you don't want to go he had no interest stay home
Give us the money and say give us the 20 bucks maybe we'll send you something or we'll be not
Maybe Josh of this pocketed maybe that's what happened all that money
Maybe all these people did buy that merchandise, but we just didn't find out about it
Maybe that's why it's so hard to get an honest total. That's what it was listen
I was like you know what they're not giving me my race. So let me just pocket all these 20s. No, that's got to be it
We've got a number did somebody called in Miguel or anybody give you a number? No, I don't even know that Miguel is here
And estimate well, it's only like not even noona
What's up? What are you doing out there the game is it throughout four o'clock for Christ's sake and the croto come on out there
Till two won't might take them all day to hang up the banners. Oh, yeah, that probably is it good excuse
They're probably out there doing the cheerleaders or something who knows what's going on probably having an orgy in the tea room in the locker room
27.0 something percent least we're under 29% now who are lying through their teeth
27.8 still don't believe you say oh, yeah, we bought it. We got it. You get the money yet now
So here's this article I've been threatening to read for half an hour and keep forgetting about it because I'm so whipped up about
Clarebel
Joe Perish ever had some of this stuff before he Seattle based comments reporter for the Seattle weekly good the calmest
Bush declares himself above the law has the first American dictatorship already arrived
Absolutely in 2003 while pledging to fire anyone is administration founder of leak the identity of covert CIA operative
Valerie Wilson the journalist president George W. Intel made he didn't know of anybody is administration
Newly classified information well
Pick your favorite bush code on this topic. There are countless good ones now that we learn the former vice presidential chief of staff
Scooter Libby when forced by special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald the testify under wrote to save his own skin
fingered both bush and his former boss Dick Cheney
Let me testify that they both asked to authorize the leaking of classified national intelligence estimate information on a Mackinj
July 2003 in order to defend the administration decision unilaterally invade Iraq a
President resorted the launching of widespread investigations to find leakers in the CIA and state department including the polygraphing of scores of intelligence professionals
The man who wants the NSA spying and CIA gulag whistleblowers prosecutor is himself a leaker
And the same testimony revealed that bush was aware of every step of the way of the ongoing campaign to publicly smear
Ambassador Joseph Wilson and his wife covert CIA operative Valerie Wilson take your sanctimonious bush statements about that too
What a freaking hypocrite and as we've come to expect a liar stop the presses were so accustomed to lies to George Bush being uncovered after the fact
We don't even notice any longer and they thought Clinton's behavior brought disgrace into the Oval Office
Beyond those obvious morsels high-everalized that disturbing legal rationale for the Bush-Cheney leak offered up by Attorney General Alberto
V05 Gonzalez naturally and already arrived at Seat McCullan's mouth the White House telling me has not denied any of Libby's
Testimode including Wilson conspiracy the leak was legal and proper the defense goes because the president's verbal authorities and up to declassify
classified information and by authorizing its release bush automatically classified it
The White House is sticking through this story even though much of the cherry-picked NEI Iraq data was formerly declassified 10 days after the leak
So the Bush administration could further defend its choice to invade
According to the White House the later declassification shows that the NEI data wasn't all that important and the leak didn't damage national security
But that misses the point if Bush's word is enough to declassify classified information
Why did the White House feel the need to formally declassify the material 10 days later?
Wasn't the need already done on Bush's sole verbal authority?
Now they're claiming that is the case and the Bush NEI leak rationale follows an all-too from in your theme
Bush can't break the law because Bush is the law
He can't leak a document because if he says it's okay to release the document
It's therefore by definition not a leak just like the torture is illegal or someone George says it's not or warrantless domestic wiretapping
Is illegal except when he authorizes it?
Bush and the people around him appear to have genuinely believed for at least a four and a half years since 9-11 that the president by definition is incapable of breaking the law
On his sole authority laws can be ignored overridden or changed even implicitly
Even retroactively is when some unacquitizing piece of this puzzle and a verdict come to the public's attention
Combined this with an administration more intent on secrecy and lack of transparency than any other in US history
And you have arrested before a dictatorship
Which is exactly what it appears Bush and company believe they're operating in all of course in normal times in America
It is a democracy, but these aren't normal times are they?
Why because we're at war?
Why are we at war because the president says so how long will the war last several generations and after that presumably the Constitution will be in force again and Congress and the courts can reconvene if they like dictatorship?
The tendency for this leak had line is with so many Bush scandals before to slip from the news after a few days
With the government's Republican controlled Congress rendered irrelevant and the Republican appointed courts years away from final rulings on any of this nonsense
But the recurrent theme of a present in this administration which believe they are above the law Bush on his own say so on the rest of the acting on it
Presumptive authority is more than a scandal
It's a direct challenge to the Constitution of the USA
You know the freedom that politicians like Bush and Joanne Vokin when talking about the soldiers
They're sending the kill and be killed and one or another illegal pointless war on brown people
It's more evident than ever that this president and vice president need to be impeached
Not because it is a risen politically expedient
Not even because their successes might be any better or because it'll be an advantage for one or another party in 2008
But because this sort of behavior in the most powerful job in the world must be punished in the clearest possible manner
Justice demands it setting an example and try to prevent similar abuses by future leaders from any party demands it
Otherwise you might as well cancel that 2008 presidential election and be done with this force to call an electoral process
Sooner or later should Bush go unpunished somebody in power is going to try to do exactly that sort of thing
And when they do they'll cite national security in the need for stable and experienced political leadership in time of war
And when they do they'll start the president set by George W. Bush and permitted by the Congress courts and the American public of his day
And our country is long mostly successful experiment and representative democracy will be over perhaps it already is
Pretty good article there and pretty
Summer I think we need to impeach Claire Bell
I'm gonna take up a petition drive. I'm coming on down and take up a petition drive
Well to be ready to autograph some CDs too and I'll let's write
I'll put my autograph on the petitions and I'll put my autograph on your CD
Now that is the mode the most the most farcical thing, you know, I mean how many CDs and t-shirts that ever signed in the past
You know a few over here a few over there, you know
Every time we did this made maybe maybe a hundred maybe two hundred
And like you said kneels not here to sign it's already got 18 votes
See we were right
blame me for it
27.6 see finally you quit lying to make us feel better. Okay, it doesn't make us feel better
It makes us feel like garbage like some humans will like slime
Like like leeches, you know leeches that they used to use the cure disease
Which they still do by the way in some subhuman parts of the world. Yeah, like nasty blood sucking leeches
Which pretty much you know reflects a certain part of the audience they take they don't want to give they take like what's his name said
The joys aza remember that joys aza and godfather three
You want to give I won't take remember that in a lining city. No, I didn't say the third one
Don't I know you really should see it. Oh really don't know that I look see the problem with you is you listen to other people too much
That's watch it for yourself use your own mind just because you were brainwashed as a child as a Catholic
You should have learned you know listen
You had enough of a common sense to get away from that crap
I never bought that bull crap
Okay, fine. That's good, but most most people and most young people do because their brainwashed into it plus you
We never altered his a boy
No, I was looking at well, you must have been pretty ugly when you were a kid or else they just didn't notice you
896 votes on it. We're gonna have that thousand by the by before one o'clock. I can smell it. Can't you smell it?
That's probably clear about probably clear about telling more tales long tales, but I mean, but I'm about hey you like me yet
Ha ha ha ha ha. What do you think you like me? How you like me so far?
Man, and let me ask you something. Yes, you're honest question. Okay. Don't don't give me a grittura to this answer
Just because yeah, I want to hear who is the first person who was on the his the routine who told you you?
Yeah, and I tried to tell George and you're I'm at a big better way of just because Greg read hated George like poison and because Joe
Bell pretends to like George, you know
So therefore, you know and George is one of those people anybody who likes him and oh he's great
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I
Wouldn't turn my back George. It's all I hope you're not listening at home. I hope you're I mean in fact
He's probably on the way to North Carolina shut that damn heat off. This is me Roger
This is by
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q. A.M
I'm sick of the same old cleaning product. I want one that's different
Mr. Clean, sorry, so the airing from the other ear. I'm Mr. Queen
Oh
Mr. Queen will stash a through the toughest wife while for ticking your tasting decorating can you get a tomato sauce?
I can't get rid of any stain what I can't get rid of it
Can you remove fingerprints on wallpaper? You might need those fingerprints, you know to find the criminal who picked up a pattern
Ouch, Mr. Queen
Yes, Mr. We his sense of style is strong. Well, what can I do about my dingy countertimes? Let me see
Build a time machine and go back to when they were in fashion
Mr. Queen
Keep some in your cleaning class. Wait, honey. I haven't been in there
Kind of runs you a current came in this morning made some comment about he likes to rebel because he likes tooting his horn
What do you mean by that? I don't know you tell me 908 votes on a poll will make a thousand easy, baby
We're gonna slide right into it just like a slide into third
Of course first you got to get to first. That's the marvelous problem. They're gonna kick some serious handy
I go ask today, aren't they? No, I don't know. Yeah, I'm always a winner today. Who's pitching today?
Sergio Mietre
I shouldn't have said anything. No, I mean I mean for the Marlins who's pitching. Yeah, yeah, that's that's his pitch. Wow
He just came in on a banana boat. I think they just took a lot of a protest down there at Bricka Lavender
1202 look at that closest vote in Italy's modern history in the Sylvia, but the school and he's still trying to fix it up man
In both
You've been see
But a bit that a little bit of unfold that here in Italy over the last day would come to an end
Go eat some lasagna get out of our face
Keep figures in phone jamming scheme desire to keep new hands for democrats from voting in 2002 had regular contact with the White House and
Republican party as the plan was unfolding phone records introduced in criminal courts
So there's a thing with bushes. It's not a question of whether to impeach it's a question of what to impeach about because there are so many different things
So many different criminal acts that they've committed. It's hard to figure out which one
The records show that Bush campaign operative James Tobin who recently was convicted in the case made two dozen calls to the White House within the three-day period around election day
2002 as the phone jamming operation was finalized carried out and then abruptly shrugged down. They were jamming it up there
The National Republican Party which paid millions illegal bills to defend Tobin says the contacts involved routine election business
And then it was preposterous to suggest the phone calls involve phone jamming jam on it
The Justice Department has secured three convictions in the case that hasn't accused any White House of Republican National officials of wrongdoing yet
Remain the allegations suggesting party officials outside New Hampshire were involved yet
The phone calls of record their phone records of course the White House where exhibits in Tobin's trial
But prosecutors didn't make them part of their case
Democrats placed the plan to ask a federal judge to order GOP and White House officials to answer questions about the phone jamming in a civil lawsuit
Ledging voter fraud repeated hang up calls that Jan telephone lines had a Democratic get out the vote center
Recurring the Senate race in which Republican John Sununu defeated Democrat Genie Shea Shea in heen
51 to 46% on election day 2002
Besides the conviction of Tobin and Republicans in the Wheeling Regional director prosecutors negotiated two plea bargains
One with the New Hampshire Republican Party official another with the owner of a telemarketing firm involved in the scheme
The owner of the subcontracting firm was employees made hang up calls as under indictment the phone records show that most calls to the
White House were from Tobin who became Bush's presidential campaign chairman for the New England region in 2004
Other calls from New Hampshire senatorial campaign offices the White House could have been made by a number of people
So you know just how it's just how do we fix this election?
You know is it the devil people gonna do it? Are we gonna like jam up the phone lines of the Democrats?
How are we gonna do it?
Right, that's exactly correct
Or there's the old Florida way man will just you know have what's your name step in there and certify the phone elections?
Good old cancer and Harris and of course when your brother's governor and calls you three o'clock in the morning says
Oh, it's close, but don't worry you got it you got all order
It's all taken care of I bring a burden. I remember when in Fahrenheit 9-11. Don't you worry about Florida? Yeah, right?
I'll take care of it. You got it
He took care of it all right and then of course there was the judge with his eyeball topping out of his socket
Look at those hanging chads and his friend on the supreme when they started counting the votes again
And Garc and Gorbiz got right ready to pull ahead. Oh stop the vote stop the count
Like professor von Helsing said stop the count Dracula man stop it right now
And they did and they said oh guess what about a big new president and boy look at what's happened now man. Oh my god
Five and a half years later and it's like all these dead people and all this murder and bloodshed and insanity going on
915 votes on the pool. Neal's not here to sign it's got 21 already see my fault. Yeah, I apologize profusely not
It's my bad. Here's your guy in line nine Q. I. Am hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah
About two weeks ago maybe you're so Neal read a whole huge long article that I asked him in Congress
No, it was all about some general or somebody who talked about the war and money and
The business of war and it was this great article I wanted my son to read you about Eisenhower
I was quoting it. No, it wasn't by Eisenhower. It's quoting what I said about the military industrial complex. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, that on the website. Yeah, it'll be on the archive just go through the new stories. You'll find you recognize it by the headline
Archives come on there. You're right. You come yeah, I'm on there now
Yeah, well, just just keep looking. Okay. It's only a four-hour show. He's on there now
He's looking he's looking he's looking he wants me. Yeah, he doesn't realize he's talking to me
And he wants me to tell him what the title of the story was and who wrote it and what day he wrote it and what he was wearing that day
Was he wearing socks was he wearing sandals was he wearing berken socks with socks? I mean come on man
I want everybody to read that I know the story is talking about it was a great story just a few days ago
Just like this one I just got through reading here a few minutes ago about the dictators
You haven't told you that man if these people had their way they'd call off the 2008 presidential election
We're not leaving we're staying and Congress would say well
I will have a committee will have some hearings to see what we think about it and
A public would say oh yeah, but what's that got to do with American Idol?
Right
Yeah, and what's that got to do with the national football league man?
Give me the ball. Give me the ball. That's what the public would say because America man
Their minds have turned a yellow. I think too many years listen to the stinkin bill cause me
That's the problem their minds have turned a yellow
Nobody QAM hello
QAM disintegration radio you're in this immigration station. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
You couldn't want
You'd like to cover cards. Why not? You don't have to match card or visa. How long that about don't we take American distress?
It wouldn't take the cover. Well, who'd how wants that? That's a crappy credit card anyway. We'll get a real credit card
Probably got turned down for visa this guy. We don't do business with deadbeats
5 6 7 0 5 6
I mean we're in a position to be choosy, right? What do we got about 50 cents so far? That's right and this big fundraiser we got about 30 cents
And then 118 votes though and 21 people said they didn't buy because meals not here to sign it
You are such liars man. Just like it. Oh, you notice the number is dropping dropping. Grabby I did 27.3
It should be about 7.3 percent stop lying
We don't want you to lie to make us feel better like oh, yeah, because we know the numbers are within you know ball
27.2 it's dropping like a rock. It's dropping like a pebble from the top of the Empire State Building
They bought it. Yeah, well fine. You don't want it. I know why anything's doing with the needle okay?
In fact, I might just tell the story about that charity. I might tell the story that say that that'll be the end of that what
Well, that's another reason I don't want to be involved in it okay, and I don't want to I don't want to be involved with people
Who don't appreciate what we're doing for them. That's the way I feel about it just like Camilla's house
I have that chair raised over a million dollars for them over the years and in fact, I'm sure of it and
And and one year because there was a picture one of the dolphin players
I forget who that was or a couple of dolphin players they were they were black players dressed up as cowboys
They were riding horses with shotguns right it was like a wild West scene. It was a funny thing and
So I forget we either had posters of that that we sold or that was the picture on something whatever it was connected with our campaign
Okay, and they got all been out of shape because they didn't like it
They didn't like the picture and
Who were raising in thousands in Zidians and I said to myself I said and I said on the air and I'll say it again
Well, I guess the church must have so much more money not to feed all the homeless and the homeless people don't need it
The homeless are being picky and choosy about how we raise the money for them
So to hell with it and that was the end of the Camilla's house even one year they needed a they needed a
station wagon to
Transport some of the shlupers at a Camilla's house and one of our sponsors donated the station wagon about a
$10,000 vehicle or more than that
Of course that was before the day that the whole scandal with the priest was like out in the open
I was the only one talking about it
And so I guess if we were to do it again now
It's oh yeah, we need to cash bad
Right because all these dioceses all these churches are closing down because they're going bankrupt
They're going bust they're going belly up if you put that expression belly up or maybe back up in a year
Now that's why it's not a good idea to get involved with these things at all just you know just like the red cross
Remember during after Katrina and we put the thing on our website, but I cautioned the eye I cautioned everybody
I said look I'm not a big fan of the red cross and there are a lot of questions about where that money goes when they
Just like after 9-11 and show no we didn't know where else what else to do
We try wanted to be helpful and give you people a vehicle through which to do something which you probably didn't anyway
But then all of a sudden I hear all these charges all this money. Where did it go? You know
Red cross my ass
In fact, you know something during the next break I'm going to go I'm going to take like a red magic marker
I got one in my drawer a little supplies over here. I'm taking the red magic marker
I'm going to drop my drawers in the in my
T-room
I've got these mirrors all over the place and I'm going to like make a red cross on my ass. Well good luck to you
Just so I live up to my word when I say red cross my ass. I'm not just talking through my nose
I remember that story about that 9-11 call yesterday. Yeah good. They took my word again. They listen to me
They're suing their ass in Detroit. Of course a wrongful death lawsuit was filed yesterday in behalf of that six-year-old Michigan boy
Whose mother died after he called 9-11
Or did he be scolded by an emergency operator bitch for playing on the phone?
She always click playing on the phone, but mommy's dying here. I quit playing the phone punk
Attorney Jeffrey Fagger said the family of Sheryl Lenturner Robert Turner's mother is seeking a million dollars in damages from the city of Detroit
I go for like 10 million. Yes, so would I in Detroit
What a place the suit names too unidentified dispatches Fagger said the city's not named directly as defendant
Because cities are immune from suit and Michigan
But are liable for the conduct of their employees
Fagger said Sheryl Turner would have survived if help had been sent immediately
Robert Turner who was five at the time called 9-11 on February 20th and reported that his mother who had in large heart had collapsed
The boy told CNN he tried to shake a recall 911 for help but he couldn't wake her
In quoted data's spature is telling him stop playing on the phone
The child called back three hours later, but it was hours after that before anyone came to his home
In a written statement the city of Detroit asked that no one rushed to judgment and promised to take this letter reaction to forwarded
At a news conference announcing the filing of the suit Fagger said Robert Turner's case is not the only one
He played another 9-11 tape from January 12th 2005 in which a woman who'd been shot in a head by her husband called 9-11
On the tape the operator can be heard asking the woman if she has a mental problem and then asking that the husband who shot the woman be put on the phone
Oh, yeah, put OJ on the phone. Let's see if he really done it
Rescuers didn't come until a third call was tied throughout the woman's son who lives out of the state
The woman in that case had Fagger lived lived but is paralyzed
He said the second case indicates that the city to the city they have a problem needs to be addressed
So put a stamp on it address it and put it in mailbox
That's Detroit for you man do not let me just give you a little piece of advice. You ever been to Detroit?
I have now no good
Don't do it
If somebody offered you five grand a gamble in a casino there and Detroit downtown, you know the biggest you know
I'll take it. No, you won't now. I'm talking if you had to go there
Don't do it just say I'll pass over if you write me your life. I got this is a needle Roger
This is 5.62
Simon Cole is looking for the next big star
America's got talent
Rule me once shame on shame on you. It pooh me can't get fooled again
but
A good joke has a point
This is one of the weakest
most baseless indictments
In America just it's a charge
That cannot hold up even under the most glancing
Screwed
But you still think you're innocent we call your
rt g
Did you ever show
I have done nothing wrong.
I have done nothing wrong.
Unapricled.
Or I might have had my precedent.
It's a problem, I think.
By the way, Ariel Shiro and Happy Paisach, he's still in the coma and has been officially
declared permanently incapacitated to which we say.
There's a message for all your kids out there.
It's probably not a good idea to eat like 600 home attachments every time it's formed
and waste 600 pounds.
Not a good idea, it's not good for your health.
That is a problem.
He got himself a...
Chewb!
Oh, I would be surprised if he's got a real...
A kosher.
Chew!
But he liked that.
Jerry started his probably with their massaging it.
We got 900 and some odd, the 941 and boy, we're sure having fun.
Are we building up to the crow in a big pre-game show?
Oh man.
See, we don't have to worry about the revolving slot today because we got to the crow.
Talk at a hard mall.
Talk in crap.
Before the Marlon Home Opener, at 4 o'clock in the Sunday Ego Padres, and you're supposed
to be all excited about this, it's opening day, baby.
I am excited.
You are?
I am.
Why?
Well, you know I'm a baseball fan.
And now I actually get to just go to the games and just be in the...
Without having to work, yeah.
But you'll feel like a fish out of water, though.
You'll say, oh, well, what can I do?
Let me take a pizza up today, you know?
Let me go up in the poke, Dave and the Ribs, so we get like animated and excited.
The mollons have just won the world, Siri.
You know, like that.
Like, here always gets real.
But yeah, I'm excited about tonight.
You know, it'll be an opening day.
Up?
No, not tonight.
This afternoon.
Up, up and away.
Fifth dimension, you know, did a good job with up and away.
Better than he does.
He's boring.
Why didn't I watch you buy Neil's anniversary CD and or those nifty T-shirts that are so
great?
Maybe they're buying them like crazy today since I've put this pool since I am
birch to butt I doubt it.
And of course, we don't know because nobody's allowed to give us any information.
I just sent a normal candidate email about Therabelle.
I'm just, I'm apoplectic, you know?
I mean, you know, sooner or later you got to do something.
Even if you do something bad, even no matter what, even if you go and just take a big
dump in the hallway, do something.
You know, just give an indication that you're doing something and be saying, hey, you
like me so far.
Ha, ha, ha.
Am I okay?
Am I a good guy?
How would you think?
Man.
He is still in the last year.
He says, dull as 75 year olds, you like blue blade.
943 votes.
Oh, I did buy.
I did buy it.
254, 26.9%.
See how it's dropping out under 27th?
There you go.
Yeah.
As we start getting a little bit closer to the truth now, it should be, it should be about
2%.
There's an extra number in there.
It should be like 2.9.
And 26.9% of these phony below and he's, oh, we did.
Yeah, I know you didn't.
Didn't do it.
Too cheap.
217.
See that?
That's unfortunate, but at least it's an honest answer.
If you're cheap, we respect that.
You're in South Florida.
You ought to be cheap.
Don't want that.
She meant 163.
Don't want it.
I don't want it.
I hate this pool.
113.
Please no more charity stick.
86.
86 it.
And we will.
I don't have any cash.
33.
Like that poor guy that called it, you know, 7500 bucks to fill up his gas tank.
I don't blame him.
I stole the CD.
26.
See that should have like a two zeros after it.
What?
No, seriously, that should be in first place.
They steal it.
Neal's not here to sign the 22.
Yeah, I'll send you a mile to graph in the mail, okay?
I'll piece of Sherman.
Don't give the charity 17 and it sucks to see these sucks 12.
And that's because it's a, these people killed me.
Well, you know, who would have had this on there?
I think I would have had Eisner stuff.
Although he did, don't knock that guy.
He bought some other one.
Oh, it's not.
I mean, you can't put everything on there.
But we, you know, because I think it was even the last one that we did was all of the
Eisner bits.
Really?
Yeah, so why the hell put them on there again just so you can buy the same thing over again?
We're trying to give you like a little variety.
Not too much.
I still think that's a part of it.
A lot of these bits are on previous disc and we've already, we've maxed that out.
Don't you understand?
I try to tell these people that we've maxed it out.
We've squeezed as much blood out of the rock as we can.
Don't you get that?
Rock.
Yeah, that's it.
They don't get it.
They won't listen to me.
And see, I have no control over anything that's going on anymore.
That's the most frustrating part.
It's supposed to be my show and if I don't want to do something, oh, no, we got to do
this.
How many times did I say I don't want to do that?
About 30,000, I think.
And finally, they, oh, well, we'll take care.
We don't have to do anything.
Okay.
No, we don't have to do anything to some waste half the show every day begging on here.
Once you please, the van is seeing their waiting for you know, until we finally stop that.
Doug Thompson, capitalhealblue.com, great website, even little Georgie is converted to this
one.
He says, you don't cross George Bush.
Doug says, in 1999, while I worked on a background piece on Harris County, Texas, George
Robert Eccles, some Houston politicians invited me to a fundraising reception for them,
Georgia, Texas governor, George W. Bush.
Bush already mentioned as a front runner for the GOP presidential nomination in 2000,
easily won a second term as governor of the year before by building a very unrepublican
like coalition of Hispanics and moderates.
Bush shipped a bottle of Corona as he walked among the world of new Texans at the outdoor
event, slapping some on the back.
He approached and stuck out his hand.
I'm George Bush, he said.
The handshake quick and limp like any warm person's serity.
The plastic smile looked phony.
He moved on.
Later in the evening, I walked behind a group where Bush spoke with some of his cronies.
They were talking about possible opponents for the GOP nomination.
One member of the group suggested some opponents might use Bush's less than sterling past
against him.
Let him try Bush said with a swagger.
I'll effing destroy them.
I recounted the story of my host as he drove me back to my hotel.
That's our governor.
He said, don't let this vile food you.
He can turn on you in a second.
You don't cross George Bush.
The corpses from George W. Bush's political wars littered the landscape.
Arizona Senator John McCain threatened Bush's chances for the nomination in 2000 and became
cannon fodder in a Karl Rowe orchestrated smear campaign.
Democrat John Kerry's campaign disintegrated when he failed to respond to the swift blow of
veterans campaign of lives in the new window, funded by Bush's cronies in Texas.
On Monday Bush admitted to declassifying parts of the National Intelligence Estimate
NIE, just to the spread of the ambassador Joseph Wilson's assessment that Iraq was not
in fact trying to obtain weapons-grade uranium from knee-jerk and keep part of the administration's
manufactured rationale for invading Iraq.
I wanted people to see the truth and thought it made sense for people to see the truth
Bush said during an appearance at Johns Hopkins University.
You're not supposed to talk about classified information so I declassified the document.
He said, I thought it was important for people to get a better sense for why I was saying
what I was saying in my speeches and I felt I could do so without jeopardizing ongoing
intelligence matters until I did.
Like so much of what Bush says, it isn't true.
What Bush calls the truth was in fact a lie.
Ambassador Wilson was right and the raw information in the National Intelligence Estimate was wrong.
Detailed analysis from the Central Intelligence Agency had already called the claim that a
racket saw weapons-grade uranium from knee-jerk nonsense and urged the White House to stop
using the false information.
But Bush was never let fast stand in the way of his political agenda, continued to use
the discredited information and told the attorney to launch a disinformation campaign in
the discredited Wilson.
That campaign ultimately led to the outing of Wilson's wife as a covert CIA operative.
After we liberated Iraq, there was question in people's minds about the basis on which
I made statements, in other words going into Iraq, we said Monday, and so I decided to
classify the NIE for a reason.
I thought it was important for people to get a better sense for why I was saying what
I was saying in my speeches.
Once again the President of the U.S. latches into the Nile.
Americans no longer have questions about why Bush said what he said or what he did.
They know the President of the U.S. is a liar.
He proves that just about every time he opens his mouth.
And as the latest poll ratings by the way are like about as successful as that fundraiser
we're doing.
In fact, what do we got 26.9 percent?
He's going to be there very soon.
He's on his way to that number.
The new CBS poll, what?
I said that would be great.
More than a third of voters in the new CBS poll say they think of their vote as against
in this fall selections.
They'll think of their vote as a vote against Bush.
More than a third.
Well, just 14 percent will think of it as a vote for him.
45 percent said the view of the President will not be a factor in how they vote.
Those numbers contrast sharply with the run up to the 2002 midterm elections in which
Republicans won history of gains.
Four years ago, 31 percent said their vote would be made in support of the President
versus just 19 percent said it was a statement against him.
Poll numbers.
If Bush backed a candidate, would you be more likely to vote for him?
10 percent.
Less likely to vote for him?
31 percent.
Which party would you prefer in the elections this fall?
Democrat 44 percent.
Republican 34 don't know 21 percent.
How about your all a bunch of crooks?
How about your mama?
How about Clara Bell?
Let's throw a writing campaign for Clara Bell.
At least you get a amount of that building anyway.
Man, even the Titanic never turned into a disaster like that he's turned into.
My God.
Talk about high hopes.
Remember that song is way before your time.
Frank Sinatra.
High hopes.
I've heard it.
Yeah.
Well, we had high hopes too, man.
And I think we must have all been high.
Even that high.
28 not that fat just that high.
28 fast noon.
A QA as we work up to the big opening day, a crow show, a man at two o'clock from gate
F at the ballpark there.
With lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security, Comcast High Speed Internet
leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of six megabytes, Comcast High Speed, it renders up to
four times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just
surfing your favorite sites.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest
of ease.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet, you'll get instant access to
free features like the fan, video mail, Comcast Rap City Radio Plus, and up to seven personal
email accounts just to name a few.
Not only that, but you get Macafee security tools included so you can rest assured you're
in an experience where it will be safe and secure.
So what are you waiting for?
Start doing more a lot faster than ever before.
Sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months.
You'll wonder how you can get along without it.
Indeed call 305 Comcast or in Broward.
9.5 for Comcast.
This is Neil Roger.
What's all it?
This is 5.62 A.
Hey, go off those checkered pants.
Can't believe it.
I just did that.
And I don't want to put down on my friend.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you there.
Pretty soon I'll be standing.
I want to go.
Yeah.
I didn't look what I was doing.
I was wow.
That's been such a triumph.
I was wow.
Cause then we'll call it now.
You've got the friends and beans.
Friends and beans.
I got a card in my system.
I'm here.
I got a loan and I'm proud.
My man who designed a card in my system.
I'm saying I'm sick with the buttons.
Or I'm so proud wearing that.
I got a card in my system.
Please help me.
Please help me.
Somebody.
It's mangled and bloody.
I got a card in my system.
I did stop pushing it.
It's getting a bit scary.
I make that guy a something about me.
I got a card in my system.
I get out of it.
I'm lonely.
I'm proud.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
I got a card in my system.
Absolutely not.
I got a card in my system.
Speaking of enjoying it, gasoline could have $3.
I'm making one of what's more expensive.
Gasoline or Vasoline?
How about melting down some Vasoline?
How about melting down some Vasoline?
Showing that you're a cranky and you're a thing.
Showing that you're a cranky and you're a thing.
Showing that you're a thing.
Showing that you're a thing.
Showing that you're a thing.
Summer driving will be expensive with gasoline costs
like for this day of high after jumping away
20 cents over the past two weeks.
20 cents over the past two weeks.
And we're asking for 20 bucks for some stupid ACD or T-shirt
and ask them how can you put it.
They just haven't got it.
That's all.
Let's see how many people admit they haven't got any money.
Don't have no cash.
42.
See that's going up.
Climbing, climbing, climbing.
They got it.
See them.
We're down to 26.00 and 1.00% of these liars.
Oh yeah, I did.
Yeah, sure you did.
For crap.
The cost of gasoline averages 268 nationwide for a gallon or regular.
Some analysts may pay $3 a gallon this summer
if there are unusual disruptions in supply.
Oh, there will be.
They'll come up with some cock-a-mamae story.
The Energy Department is releasing its summer outlook
for motor fuel prices.
At a news conference today, it's going to be bad news, boys and girls.
Prices at the pump have been climbing since February
when the cost of regular grade gasoline average to an 1.25 gallon.
The average price of 268 last week is 40 cents a gallon higher than a year ago at this time.
40 cents.
And pretty soon it's going to be 50 cents.
And thank you again, Mr. President, for those low gas prices
for going in there to Iraq and hooking up that long.
Yes, we can get that low real cheap gas.
Yeah, now I want to say that before he was in the office,
my little car took cost me 19 bucks to fill up.
Yeah.
It's about 36 now.
Yeah, about 36.
About 36.
Almost double.
Thank you so much, Mr. Bush.
You grave robber.
You Saudi-loving piece of crap liar.
Impeteers ask now and input the...
And you know something, let's do a two for one deal.
Let's put Carabell on her with them too, same time.
Impeteers, Bush and Carabell.
If you're wondering who...
If you tune in later, you wonder who Carabell is.
We're not talking about Carabell or clown from Audi News Show.
We're talking about Clara Bell, who used to be Joe Bell, our general man.
Clara Bell.
Clown.
So what do you think?
You like me an hour a lot?
Huh?
What do you think?
I'm going to bad for you, man.
We like you guys.
You're doing a hell of a job.
Huh?
I'll take care of Josh.
I'll take care of George.
I'll take care of you.
What do you think?
Man, he is...
I would put it this way.
He's the most bitter disappointment of my life.
That's pretty strong right there.
Yeah, I would say.
Well especially after you guys getting the big go-up, you know what I mean?
I'm here, you're there.
You're in this big go-up.
Oh man, that's this guy.
He is great.
He is really.
He's a radio guy.
He came in here and wanted to see how the equipment worked.
He came in here.
He was asking all kinds of questions like he had some idea what it's all about.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
I'll tell you right now, even you've got more authority in that company than he's got.
That's right.
Even a little machy picture like you guy.
He's got more authority than he's got.
I'm telling you, man.
He can't even buy the paper clips.
That's how much clout he's got.
Mr. Clout.
And the audience is wondering.
She wants to, you know, let's you know what I'm going to shut this thing off.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 Canadian.
I absolutely want to pee.
Tonight on Trading Spouses, big love edition.
This must be her.
Kids, time to meet you, Molly.
Hi, I'm your new wife, Barb.
Oh, Barb.
I'm your other new wife.
Oh, hi, Mickey.
And I'm your other new wife.
Hi, Margie.
Should I move all your bags into my room?
Please.
Look, Daddy, we don't want green mommy.
Hold on, now.
Let's give this a chance.
It's Trading Spouses, big love edition.
We're going to cook for you, clean for you, and make you feel like a man.
Oh, that's big of you.
No, Dad.
That's big of me.
When it comes to multiple wives, you'll get more, man, with Trading Spouses, big love edition.
I'm sitting here reading an email from Norma Kent.
Okay.
A lesser man than yours truly would get up and walk out right now.
That's how aggravating this is.
Is that right?
What you heard how aggravated the Humper was this morning.
Yeah.
How agitated.
Now, I'm going to read, I'm just going to read you one sentence.
This is supposed to be about George, and renewing his contract and taking care of George,
which I've been assured by a terrible that he was going to do.
But let me find this one very brief thing.
Okay.
In response to his Norma's request to get George's deal redone.
Terrible said in the next sentence, an expert, surprise that they would like to talk about an extension with you,
but they can't do that for George.
That is that they can't give him a corresponding agreement, increment for the fourth year of his term,
if the contract was silent on the same or whatever that is.
In other words, they're still trying to dig up his previous contract or change it.
I don't know what that's all about.
They would like to talk about an extension with you, meaning not meaning you, George, unfortunately, but meaning of me.
A contract extension.
Okay.
Do you know what I'm going to play from now until two o'clock?
Okay.
We're going to laugh right in it.
It is.
I didn't even have time to read the whole thing.
I'll just hold it there until next break.
A judge has rejected TV actor Robert Blake's request for a new civil trial.
I don't know why they didn't make much of a deal out of it.
I guess maybe nobody cared anymore.
When North's the cockatoo died.
Pretty much.
But because remember the criminal trial, remember that he got off on that.
He looked like a OJ.
Well, it's not as big, but yeah.
No, not nearly as big.
No, of course not.
Because who the hell cares about Robert Blake?
He's old news, you know?
Yeah.
As opposed to OJ, who was like...
Oh, man!
Big piece of crap.
And murdered two people, as opposed to just one.
A judge has rejected Robert Blake's request for a new civil trial after a wrongful death decision over the shooting of his wife.
Blake was scared of murder by a criminal court, but just like OJ was found responsible for the death in a civil case brought by his wife's family.
I don't even remember that.
Do you?
Say that again.
He was found responsible for the death in a civil case brought by the wife's family.
Just like OJ was got off on a criminal trial, but the civil trial...
I don't remember that, though.
Yeah, I don't remember that.
Oh, I don't.
Maybe it's my Alzheimer's kicking in.
Or maybe it's just my amusement at the email from Norma.
You would like to extend this.
Okay, Clara Bell, extend this.
It's my foot, and it's aimed right at your...
Correct.
Don't you like that?
You crazy people, you.
Just keep playing games with people and a lot...
You want to know what the problem is there?
Well, there's a lot, but go ahead.
No, no, seriously, the bottom line is everything.
They think that because they got some money, although you never know it when they don't people on pay the...
But they think because they got some money somewhere laying around,
that they can get whatever they want.
In other words, people with money, they always feel they're whether it's Donald Trump or Steinbeer,
they can get their way no matter what it is.
Oh, well, we'll give you like a big signing bonus.
He'll do whatever we want.
Yeah, your mama.
Anyway, it's just a...
Especially on this day, they get an email like that.
A jury awarded bodily makings family, $30 million.
From third, man.
Damages, although Blake is already filed for bankruptcy.
They're going to get just as much as the Brown family and the Goldman family did from OJ.
Squat.
That's what they're going to get and that's what they can do.
His lawyers contended that there was misconduct from the jury's actions.
Among the claimants was that one juror failed to disclose that her daughter was imprisoned for murder,
while another consulted a Bible during deliberations.
Oh, the Bible says, don't watch Beretta.
Is that what the Bible said?
Yeah.
In other words, try to sworn statement that he was pressured into voting against Blake,
who starred in the 70s series, Beretta.
Blake's lawyers also believe the trial should be declared void because they acted already filed for bankruptcy
before the verdict was given.
Well, that's okay.
At least they can say, hey, guess what?
Robert Blake owes, in fact, Blake went to a restaurant instead of paying the time,
and they just can write on it.
Robert Blake owes us 30 million.
You know, forward this to him.
Or send it to the cockatoo.
Did we get our thousand votes yet?
Not even one o'clock yet.
We got 994.
I told you we get a thousand before one tonight.
Yeah, you did.
You have a little faith.
You said, no way.
996.
I still can't get over that.
I think we ought to play that tape between me and Hank this morning, just played over and over again.
He was really down in the dumper, the Humper.
Not a happy camper.
Checking if you've stats on here to see if everybody bought our CV yet.
Isn't there somebody there to get us that number?
Or not.
And of course, tomorrow we got another ballgame of 1230.
So I'm sure Miguel will be there.
That'll be the excuse for the rest of the week, won't it?
Probably Friday.
Although maybe Miguel will be filling for Hank Friday because they got nobody else.
David Sanson bailed out.
He's not doing it.
He's on to his squeaky.
Or actually Miguel because they got nobody else.
David Sanson bailed out.
He's not doing it.
He's on to his squeaky.
Or actually Miguel.
Some of the else supposed to be here tomorrow and Thursday.
So that's right.
He's going to be working with us.
And he's filling for George.
He'll have no way out.
He can't hide from him.
And by the way, Norma, if you're listening, which I hope not.
But if you aren't, George had to go up to North Carolina to shut the heat off up there.
Because his mama Sita went up there and left it on him when she left.
His mama Sita, whom he hates like poison.
His kvitchy hostile hulieta mama Sita.
So that's probably why I can't get a hold of him.
For your stency uniform, their followers are commissioning.
They like to stay alive.
That's probably the bottom line.
They don't want to get sent off to Iraq to be used as a human sacrifice for George Bush and all his armor getting lunatics.
How much have we got a thousand votes?
We got a thousand, too.
Look at that.
Man.
This is just like sliding off the edge of a log.
No problem.
And piece of cake.
Sounds pretty good, Pete.
Now, do you get any lunch in there today or not?
Are you not eating with George?
No.
Oh, yesterday I got how he's today, though.
I've been eating around the building.
I had three bagels.
Three bagels.
Around the building?
Yeah.
Well, they had bagels in here.
So I threw down three bagels and I had a couple of noodles.
Because when Muff was in the morning, he said he'd plan on eating around the building, too.
And I thought to myself, you're fair.
Probably you guys had different things in mind.
Yeah, of course it is.
Now you're eating bagels and it's a pace off coming.
Now, what is pace off of it like sundown tonight or tomorrow?
Here, I'm asking you, is that embarrassing?
Yeah, it's a little bit funny.
No, I like I care.
I mean, a whole lot of it's not there.
The reason the panthers, if the air Canada said it, I'd maybe 730 game time.
I'm going to be outside the air can to center waiting for guilty.
Who didn't even invite me to lunch today?
What a what a schmuck, you know?
Tomorrow it begins.
No, but is it, but usually when you say tomorrow, you mean tomorrow sundown or tonight at sundown?
That sundown.
Tomorrow sundown.
No, that's what I thought.
That's why the marlins are playing that day game tomorrow at 105.
Because it's not just because the kids are out of school.
They wouldn't have known that.
They wouldn't have known that.
The schedule maker saw, oh boy, it's pace off.
We don't want to piss off those Jews and drowards.
I won't come down.
What?
Right.
No, it's true.
It's true, man.
I don't know.
So, you know, I mean, you look around that state and you've got about 10 Julios who like to talk a big game about supporting baseball, which they don't.
And then you got about 16 crackers and then you got four or five dark guys who can afford to get some tickets somewhere.
And then you got all Jews there, like a panther game in sunrise.
They have a limit on goyem in there.
And even with their attendance problems, they won't like too many goyem in there.
What do you expect when the owner's name is Alan Cohen?
DNA testing failed to connect any members of the Duke University to cross him.
Did you see that you probably didn't see it because you don't want to see it in and rightfully so?
But the brother of this stripper, see, she's a student on campus.
She's not just like somebody they look at.
Oh, that I did, too.
Yeah.
And her brother, her brother, they were having like a on campus powwow about this situation.
And her brother, who was their black.
And of course, there were a whole bunch of black students behind them at the moment, which I don't think was coincidental behind him.
And he was making an impassioned plea that they don't talk about the fact that she's a woman, that she's a mother, that she's supporting her family.
All they do, the media refer to her as a stripper and the humanizer and make her an account, some kind of a slime ball.
Is that what this is you?
What?
The media?
Yeah, that's what they do, of course.
The media is just as sexist as anybody else because most of the people in me are men, just like the men who wrote the Bible.
Women are like, you know, just stay in your place and stay in the kitchen.
They're foot and pregnant, and that's it.
When you go to the dentist, open wide, and when it's that time, well, you know,
citing DNA test results delivered by the state crime lab to police and prosecutors a few hours earlier,
the attorney said the test results proved their clients did not sexually assault.
The only problem with that is that very often there is not the DNA.
Really?
No DNA material from any young man was present on the body of this complaining woman said the fence attorney weighed Smith.
The alleged victim, a 27-year-old student, at nearby, oh, she's not at that school, she's at nearby North Carolina Central.
Not at Duke.
Toad police, she and another woman were hired to dance at the party.
The woman told police the three men at the party dragged her into a bathroom,
toad raped her, raped her, and satamized her.
Authorities ordered 46 of the 47 players on Duke's lacrosse team to submit DNA samples from investigators
because the woman said her attackers were white, the team's sole black player wasn't tested.
District attorney Mike Nephawne stopped speaking with reporters last week after initially talking openly about the case,
including stating publicly that he was a confident that a crime occurred.
He went on to say he would have other evidence to make his case should the DNA immunization prove incontlusive or fail to match a member of the team.
Smith said Nephawne now has the evidence needed to change his mind.
He doesn't have to do it Smith said a following charges, he's a man with discretion, he doesn't have to do it, we hope that he won't.
Also an attorney for one of the players had said Sunday that time stamp photographs for a show on exotic dancer was already injured we had that yesterday,
and very impaired when she arrived at the party.
During attorney Bill Thomas said some of the photos taken when she arrived at the house indicate the woman was injured before getting to the party,
they show extensive bruises and scrapes on her legs, especially around the knees.
Mm-hmm.
Sounds a little like scruand.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Gotcha.
All right, little, uh...
Well listen, there's nothing like a good chuckle on a day like today, huh?
See leave it to me.
On a day when everybody in the building is suicidal, because Carabell is running around endangering all of our lives and careers and our happiness, man.
That happiness killer, and you know something, remember John Wayne Gacy?
Yes.
Never trust a clown.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16".
We've got it. It's got Barrel.
And when I'm up in Belkettiga, slapping all women with painted lips around the pole, I listen to the Neil Rogers one and two hours.
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers, Aaron Balance one and two hours.
Coming up tonight, an insider behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
He was in Genesis, and then he went off on his own.
He might say it was the Genesis of the genius of a member of Genesis.
He was my kind of mechanics.
The flight has this big hit in 1985, and he comes to me and says we need another one right away.
I got his new ideas of the shop, I put it on the lift, and it's a mess.
Lead vocalist and mechanic, Paul Carrick.
There was no real hook, the middle eight was blown out, and the chorus was shot.
I had the order of the car, it's a crack.
They say look, let me keep it a while.
Like a year.
Finally, the mechanics returned to song at ten times the original written estimate.
That what are you going to do?
These mechanics have you over a barrel.
Luckily, it was a hit.
The NASA pressure's on. It's 1986, like once I hit a year.
I said sorry, not going to happen.
First of all, your war is just fired.
Plus, you have replaced these notes that you got this thing, and he free you.
Finally, in 1989, Mike went to pick up his song.
It went to number one.
What Mike says, I'm overcharging.
He leaves me, starts going to quick-ease.
No, no, no, it's not standard.
Fastest, but he never had another hit.
So, my kids.
Mike, in the mechanics.
Come on, Mike. What were you thinking?
You get a good mechanic, you don't read it.
It's a big juicy something, but look at your business tonight.
Right inside of our eyes.
Well, I just read the rest of the effects.
You didn't get around to discuss a year deal, by the way, Josh.
I'm sure of that.
Crestful, aren't you? Surprised?
I'm not surprised by any of it, because at least this guy has a good idea.
At least, Carabell may not be good, but at least he's consistent.
But I'm up.
I should have taken care of that.
It's my fault, and I'm going to get right on that, and I'm up.
I am right.
2020 votes on a pool.
We are kicking some serious smelly pimpley.
What is that strippers brother?
In any section of the assault, weren't they?
I'd like to discuss with you earlier.
80% of those that are sexually assaulted, there is no DNA.
You notice how they never be bothered?
Linking problem or the audio is emerging as lips?
Wapest using condoms, cleaning up.
My feet are a little different from yours anyway.
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
I'm a little ahead.
40 hours a left.
I got plenty of time if I've done something.
How's your feet on least TV?
How's that coming?
Huh?
We're on the NHL network.
How's that coming?
I bet you don't have that.
That's some frog.
So you're in Montreal.
You have a French hockey player in Montreal.
Now Jeff, you just beat this too.
Yeah.
How important was that?
How did you guys relate to the French Canadian hockey player?
How about my hair?
Like I said, he's a real man.
Oh, there's Turkmaller, good Kingston boy.
He just heard 100 years old.
He really played well for the Panthers, not.
Anyway, a thousand twenty votes, I'm not going to read the result.
Although it is down to 26.1% of liars.
See, if it was an honest answer, the decimal would be between the two and the six, two point six.
I'd even be hard-pressed to believe that.
Although it is possible that Carabell has managed to bring this thing down to a level where we don't have any audience life.
That's possible.
Let's find out if we get any calls here.
Let's see when the delay catches up.
I've been rambling reading all these stories that you're urging.
I got to do it today because of Miguel there tomorrow.
You know what's screwing Miguel?
I'll do whatever it is I want to do.
I don't do this show for him.
He's not the director of this program.
Because he is interested because I don't read a lot of stories about Cuba.
567-0560, an edition of which he's not getting this to that number anyway.
So the hell with him.
You know, he's not cooperating.
Lazy, shifless.
He's got that feeling of entitlement like, you know, they owe him something.
And pound five, 60-lieb, rise in singular wireless line.
We want to get a million calls as you're on your way to the Marlin game.
Norma can't go to the Marlin game.
Now, what's the weather like?
It's not going to rain today, right? It's going to be hot?
No, it should be fine.
But what's the temperature like?
What's that you know in that place?
You wouldn't know.
Well, yeah, let me look out the window here.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, let me just take a look if you can see if the temperature is as tocy.
Is it going to be in the hot springs Arkansas for the hump of this weekend?
I tried it to hear him up a little bit.
I think I did a little service.
They're not a big one.
I'm going to change his life at least no tornadoes.
Well, let's see.
Miami Florida.
Temperature is 81.
Humanity 50%.
Okay. Well, let's see.
Let me just click on it because there's Miami, Missouri.
I didn't even know there was a Miami, Missouri.
Do you know that?
I know there's a Miami Ohio.
Let's see.
For today, 80 or a chance to rain, 20% chance.
Well, that's not much.
Yeah.
Tomorrow, partly cloudy, 81.
No rain tomorrow.
Thanks, God.
And 81 in part and mostly sunny on Thursday.
Friday, 20% chance to rain again.
Do we care about that?
What times do we give him on Friday?
Not the big game.
Yeah.
So the night game, it's just something we don't care about that.
They can rain out all, all, you know.
But Wednesday and Thursday, mostly sunny, 81 beautiful.
So wouldn't surprise me with norm on the way to the game.
It's going to be a lot of young guys with their shirts off at the ballgame.
5.670560.
Well, that's what I would be interested in.
And Pound 560 in the...
Guys!
...Cemity QAM.
Hello.
Hi.
This one let you know that your CD was free.
What three of them?
You bought the three of them?
Yes.
Holy cow.
That means almost nobody bought it then.
I mean, in other words, if people are buying two in three, do you see what I'm saying?
Well, I bought one, so it was great.
But two more to give us gifts.
Great.
I was hoping if maybe ever possible some of the older ones would be available, I buy them too.
I don't care if some of the things are gone.
Well, I'm thinking what we ought to do.
I think what we ought to do is we'll find out from a gallery if he ever shows up again.
What we have in inventory, and we can put it on our website.
Well, that's what I'm saying because I bought the first one when it first went on your website.
I think that's a good idea.
Maybe we may need to squeeze somebody out of this thing by doing that because I'm sure we got some oldies laying around.
I'd love to have some of the old ones.
Okay, well let's do it before the stage goes out of business.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
What a nice lady, huh?
Yeah.
See, ladies come through for us.
The guy is, ah, we don't want it.
We don't want it.
You're like that.
I get it.
Now, we'll say to my knowledge, I think we only have one of the old,
like a group of one of the old CDs lying around.
We have a group group.
Yeah, group group.
In other words, we got a bunch from one year is what you're trying to say.
Pretty much.
And it's the newer one.
It's the last one we did.
I think it was 0102.
Yeah.
Right.
That's the last one we did was 0102.
Pretty sure?
We've laid out of this for all that time.
Boy, oh boy.
It's got to my smart.
No, it's just, you know, it just reaches the point now.
We should have been able to do one every year.
But then again, this radio station is so unincline to do anything.
They don't want to lift a finger.
I'd like to lift a finger to clear a bell.
Okay.
Guess which one I'm lifting clear a bell?
On both hands and my big toe too.
That's what I'm lifting for you.
Extend this.
That's my response to your silly crap about you want to extend my deal.
Till I'm about 80, they keep trying to ride my ass.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm the cash cow.
Keep riding my fat old ass.
Just keep them alive.
I've got news for you.
You're not going to keep me alive with all this stress and angst.
I'll take it that all this below me.
He wants to take care of George.
He wants to take care of George.
You don't, you can't take care of anything, mister.
Because the beesleys wouldn't let you like I said,
even order the paper clips.
Okay.
I could go to the, I could go to the dam off into the drugstore.
In fact, I bet you, well, I don't bet you I know for a fact.
You know, like every time we run on a fax paper,
they're not at machine.
Yeah.
You have to go begging around the building.
I've got a whole case of nice hammer wheel fax paper sitting right in my orifice there.
I've got staples.
I've got paper clips.
I've got, I've got my office supplies, baby.
I've got magic markers.
How do you like that?
If I'm down there, I've got to like, you're running over out of fax paper.
Can we have some, please?
I like that.
And the best part of it is I don't even,
I don't even bill those bastions for this stuff.
A poor guy scraping along like me that's plunging my gusset wood by in two, three times a week.
And here I'm painted out of my own pocket.
How do you like that?
And just because I'm so ticked off,
I think it's time to send your ass another check just because this out of being pissed off.
They pissed me off into it because they teach you,
how do they teach you like crap?
Anybody associated with a show, you know, George,
we were talking about that a few days ago.
He's right.
Anybody in the building who even likes this show, like Tommy,
man, I'm surprised they have a near-dominua cross out there across the street
because he likes the show.
But hopefully I'm not raspberry.
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
It's a miracle that's slid by.
Boy, oh boy, if, if Clarence ever knew about that raspberry, get on it.
And your Clarence was on it.
One other one is a little ball game expeditionist at that time, you know.
But anyway, she had a good idea and whatever we got, we'll put it on there.
And if it is that old, you know, then people will think it's good.
No, but we can put whatever the tracks are on there.
Why the hell not?
What is it cost us to put that on there?
They can order it, right?
Right.
Oh, by the way, just to let you know,
that guy, Eric called me during the breaks.
I forgot to tell you.
The guy that called up that said, because he has a master card,
that's where he handed a discover card.
Discover card, right?
That's bull crap, because anybody with an account, you know, a banking account can order.
Well, let me take a look at it.
Okay.
I'm going to click on it right now.
I don't ordinarily do that.
Oh, there's my Dreamfields pasta.
Nice goal with that, by the way.
Troy, you're doing it, baby.
You are really doing it on that.
Making an account out of it.
Right.
You should never let Troy handle it.
You should have given it to somebody who really screwed up with like Gary Sarner.
Then we know we've gotten some good copy.
Let's see.
Now, what do you tell me order now?
I'm clicking order now.
Usually ships in five to seven days.
See, I don't want to, I don't want to go too far here, because I don't want to have to buy one.
Okay.
For my own CDs, I got one here.
Your computer is not currently accepting cookies.
What does that mean?
Oh, here you go.
Paypal information.
Is that what I want to do?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm clicking it.
Let's see what's going on here.
Check out my ass.
Okay.
I'm canceling this baby.
I'm going to get charged for this.
So I'll take your word for it.
What does that mean?
My computer is not accepting cookies.
Well, Eric should know.
I mean, he called me during the break.
Yeah, Eric would know he's our computer maven up there in between eating Oreo ice cream sandwiches.
You think that he know a little something about it?
I'm telling you, man, I'm not joking.
I'm not saying this just for effect.
You know, I don't want to be like the boy who cried Bob Wolf.
Michael, but the fact that it matters is we got some serious issues with this.
Radio Estacion baby.
We got some serious major issues.
And it's not effect that those morons across the street are doing any number.
Would that stoop gods in the juice and all that other crap they got on the year?
They're pretending to be, hey, it's got nothing to do with them.
That's not our, that's not our format anyway.
That's not our crowd.
What else cares about that crap?
That they're so obsessed with that, you know?
Even Joe Rose is doing a number that would rot in hell.
No, what the problem is that these people aren't radio people.
They think they're radio people and the problem is they're, they couldn't even get a job at Walgreens, these people.
In the prescription department.
You know what I'm saying?
Now, that's an indictment.
If you can't get hired in the prescription department of Walgreens, man, you got some real deficiencies in your abilities.
You know what I'm saying?
A deficiency in your ability is what I be saying.
Yeah, they definitely do take Mastercard.
I'm looking at it.
See, there you go.
And he didn't say Mastercard.
Or they said this, all right.
All right. Well, they take discover too.
See, there you go.
It's just an excuse.
Okay. They take discover.
They take visa. They take Mastercard.
They'll take somebody else's Mastercard.
Whatever you got.
So he falls under the category of two cheap.
Two cheap, this is an excuse maker.
Two cheap liar.
And I guarantee that that punk don't have a discover card anyway.
You think he's got any credit?
A punk like him?
No way.
Probably an illegal alien on another one.
One 13, a QA.
See, the whole thing with this immigration thing, I'm going to tell you right now, there's been no policy for over 20 years.
There are all these millions of people.
It's been insanity.
And now it's like, oh, there's some rational fairer way to solve it.
Well, of course there's not.
Of course not.
It's like saying there's some rational fairer way to solve all those years of slavery.
Of course not.
Although we had a lot of NBA teams, it certainly couldn't hurt.
Well, I would think.
But, if we had 30 more NBA teams, my God.
Of course the question is, how many seven-foot freaks have we got out there?
Black, white or indifferent?
You're Japanese.
Man, is he one ugly guy or what?
That yal-ming man.
Yeah.
I mean, well, most, most seven-foot guys are freaks in nature anyway.
You don't see like good-looking seven-foot guy.
Well, they're all oddly proportionate.
Right.
But I mean, he's really strange.
He's just a tree, man.
Yal.
Yeah, we've ever seen him, which we cropped for it's him guy.
Yalza.
One 14, a QA.
I am soft-footed as famous for its trade shows.
There's boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, art fairs, galore, and more.
Now, if you're a trade show exhibitor, the only thing you need to know is Pub-Set.
Pub-Set creates the absolute top of line attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays.
Call right now, 954-77272-75, and Pub-Set will get you set for success.
When it comes to design, printing posters, banners, and especially trade show displays, Pub-Set has been the very best for 14 years.
Call them at 954-7727275.
Write it down.
Write it on your limperist, just like in Momento.
Write it down.
954-77272-75 for Pub-Set.
From design to setup, Pub-Set can handle all your trade show needs.
Rest assured, Pub-Set will separate you from the competition.
Don't look second rate, you only get one chance to look great. Pub-Set is the way to go.
954-7727275, or online, is Pub-SetSF.com.
For top-notch design, trade show graphics, and displays, Pub-Set is the way to go.
I look for my picture on there building along Dixie Highway, just north of commercial.
You will just drive right off the road.
Call 954-77272-75 and tell them that Fluff Lindsay told you to call.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.62.8.
Neil.
Gah.
How the hell did they indict them like this?
I was in Hay-Able to hide his trade practices.
Told courtful Bavours he'll need classical visits.
Cause his name is Kenley and one stock is totally worthless.
I'm now in too late, nothing's wrong, just as long.
Cause his name Kenley is Roger.
Kenley, the girl, he needs Johnny Todd to call a prime now.
You're heading off to prison.
Better drive than to reveal his yesterday.
Don't try to look pretty good to those bestsites.
But you'll never lie about stocks again.
10.25.60 WQM, don't forget to come up at the 2 o'clock.
They get it, they get it, they get it, they get it, they get it, they get it.
It's the Crow.
They get it, they get it.
There's been some requests in the building to hear that Crow bit.
Oh really?
Yeah. Well actually I have two.
I'm not really sure that one is playable.
Well we like the Steve one.
Oh Crow and Steve.
Well in that case.
This is the Crow and we're talking hardball on 5.60 WQM.
Call me homie right here at 5.607 HO.
Oh 5.60 uh, call me homie.
Let me talk to Steve in Miami.
Steve, you know what me?
Warren Camille.
Well Crow, what do the marlins have to do to win the World Series this year?
Oh that's an easy one Steve.
They got to spin the bat, hit the bow, face those strikes.
Remember the game of baseball is 50% hitting.
That's almost half.
50% feeling.
50% pitching and 20% managing.
But Crow that's 175%.
What?
Don't you be questioning me?
What you'll be?
Isn't it?
Be what?
Isn't.
Isn't that said?
You'll be isn't it?
Well no I'm not ignorant.
Boy, I play ball, fetching no baseball.
In a farewell country it's red half my size.
Did you?
Well actually I-
Not even a minute.
I played it.
Not even a minute.
Are you gonna run into the bat?
Can I run into the bat?
Come on man homie.
I'm the Crow.
I'm the G8G.
Elemental wee.
They get it, they get it, they get it, they get it, they get it, they get it, they get it.
Amen.
21 past once so that's what we got coming up at 2 o'clock.
And this is part of the new Clarebell grade team where we're putting the same way in competent people.
People who don't even belong on here to say hello and goodbye.
We're putting them back on here again.
You know we got a lot of Lenny Martez.
We got lots, lots of that.
The Squeakmysters.
And we're actually we're gonna put David Samson on Friday when Hank Softahons brings.
I think that idea I had a couple weeks ago about going all the music.
I think that's the way to go.
You know?
Is that right?
Then I would turn to Clarebell and say,
What are you gonna do about it?
You ferry.
That's what I would say.
You don't think that's a good idea?
You never know.
Unless you pick like a third of the music and Georgia third and then I'll pick a third.
Okay sounds good.
How's that?
We'll have like a three way.
And now I'll take it.
Well, he's pick a fourth and then the other fourth will let the audience buy request.
Just like that did I just played.
I like it.
Yeah.
That's a new format man.
And we're down to 26% of liars on here.
All we did by your step.
Yeah.
We started almost 30% at the early.
About 30.
Show now we got it done in 26 as they've stopped with his lying BS.
You know?
You know, it's how the numbers dropped.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was in 43 votes and I was going to be a little more active.
I was going to be a little bit.
And now that we're convincing them, you don't have to lie to make anybody.
Oh, 26.1 now.
See, not good.
It's trying to impress us.
Oh, yeah, we did.
We come through for you.
Oh, you don't.
Too cheap.
Too cheap.
Don't want that.
Smith.
That not that.
You know, I can handle that.
I have no problem with that.
You don't want it.
We know.
I want to force it on you.
Heels not here to sign at 38.
Yeah.
Well, hold your breath.
I'll tell you what I'm going to show up.
Okay.
And we're going to be sitting out on a street corner.
There were the big card table and it would be like a big arrow.
There we is.
There's that.
And you can come in to my wardrobe.
I'll wear some real super baggy pants, you know.
And when it was flower shirts.
5.670560.
560.
They've arrived in Singular wireless line.
You know, one thing since I've been here, I haven't had one person come in to me by my wardrobe.
No.
And guess what?
I don't care.
See, people that run around trying to impress everybody else.
Those are plastic.
If they're too kind of people, I can't stand.
Spastic and plastic.
WDQAM, hello.
Spastic line.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
I just want to let you know.
I haven't been able to vote on the poll for over two months.
I've lost my internet connection.
I've got kicked out of my place I was staying.
And just pinching paint.
Just gasping the tank.
I would have to buy your CD, but as it is right now, I'm just a broke loser.
Well, what you got to pay for the show.
We're going to be a pass and the Carabell says it'll send you $100 in small bills.
Will he really?
No.
You make it a bunch of pennies, then.
Okay, good luck, Pally.
Thanks.
Hang in there.
Didn't Cup gal always worse?
Spare some Cupper, sunny, spare some Cupper?
It's like in a clockwork orange.
Look what it did for him.
I think that's not a bad idea.
Works here, man.
We got people who have franchises.
I'm sure of it.
Same faces sitting on the same street corners in the same locations every day for years.
Every single day with their little cup, even in a wintertime.
Even on days when it's just brutal.
I saw a guy a couple of days ago that had a son that said, why lie?
I want beer.
And I have seen that.
And people were actually giving him money.
Sure.
No, they respect his honesty.
I want some beer.
I want to get drunk.
I want to pack a camel.
I want some of them cancer sticks.
I want them faggots.
What's wrong with that?
Don't you respect them more than people pretending?
Or the ones with the long signs, you know, war veteran, auto lock down on my luck?
Actually, what these people did is they had a bad day of woodbinding.
They're not fooling me.
I see the same faces out there.
The same sad faces, man.
Over and over again.
And then when you stop seeing me, you know what that means?
They're dead.
T.O.
I'm not talking to Ronald.
I'm talking about tapped out.
T.O.
Or they could be dead.
Because a lot of people would buy me hear the sounds.
I'm dying on the hear.
They did that all the time.
26 point.
I want that number under 26 before the show ends today.
I mean, even that number is going to be grossly exaggerated.
Because like that lady said, she bought three.
And it was the guy before that bought a couple.
So the fact that, and of course, we don't know what the number is anyway.
Maybe we got 100 grand and they just behind it and be porting on it.
Do you think that's possible?
Oh, yeah.
Maybe we got like a half a million.
Maybe that's where I'm going to go.
When you want to see him, no more.
Oh, you guys got 20,000.
Come to find out we got 90,000.
But he's got 70 of it.
And he's down the way up to Hershey Highway.
He's down the way up here to like hop on a plane and fly to Havana.
So we can hang out with Aelion.
Oh, he's obsessed.
It's like a mental disease with him.
He's obsessed.
Cuba, Cuba.
No size in the other day you ever been there?
No.
And he said he'll never, he never will be.
No.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
How about if we dig up the teased his body and put it on the plane next to him?
Would I make him feel better?
More at home?
That was wrong with that child.
26 past one at five, 60 WDQM.
We sure hope you enjoyed that opening day.
We hope the Marlins win a game.
You know, this week would be nice.
We got three, three with a pod racing and the Washington NAD.
The NADs coming on Friday.
We watched the Nationals.
Now, long before you were born in the NBA, there was the Syracuse Nationals basketball team.
You know that?
I did.
Yes.
Syracuse Nads.
Dolce used to play on a team in Johnny Kerr.
Boy, am I old or what, huh?
I'm a fan.
Any relation to Steve Kerr, Johnny Kerr?
No.
Okay.
Or Deborah Kerr, Carr Kerr.
No.
I don't think so.
But Dolce plays on Tim Syracuse Nads.
And then we also add the Rochester Royals.
I bet you they heard of them because of you, yes.
Because they've seen a couple of games there in Rochester with less Harrison,
with the coach.
And I told you, my uncle, Mugsy Solomon was actually the coach of that team briefly in W.W.
W.W.
in 1944.
The bookie, the bookie who was coach of the Rochester Royals.
That's a true story, very briefly.
And I think Les Harrison played for him.
And then he became the coach, fault headed Les Harrison.
Man, I think they used to knock their hits together, read our Bach and Les Harrison.
They got into some knockdown drag-out screaming matches there.
It was game.
That's all I remember.
I remember Bobby Wanzer and Arnie Ryzen and Bob Davies.
And Bob Kuzi, who couldn't talk to them, he still can't speak.
He's like, every Bob Kuzi, he does call on the stronghold fan, Bob Kuzi.
He can't speak.
He makes the crow sound like Walter Cronkite.
Have you ever heard Bob Kuzi speak?
Yes.
Oh my God.
That's a walk-ass thing.
He makes Lenny Martez sound like Westbrook and Horries.
Like Chet Huntley.
Anyway, 28 after one.
There's another liar.
The planning process.
There's Hermann Gehring and Rumsdord.
The other planning, they're stoking up the ovens right now, he said.
Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long speaking of feeling like you're in an oven?
Which most of the year's South Florida's like that.
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five-star edition of the carrier and finity system?
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heath,
where they've been taking care of track county area families for three generations.
As the carrier factory authorized, either Royce Guarantees were 100% satisfaction,
and that Guarantees backed by carrier the people who invented air conditioning
and have now invented the carrier infinity system.
Now this system actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjust itself for maximum efficiency.
And speaking of that, to maintain maximum efficiency of your current air conditioner,
be sure to join the Royce Air and Heath Comfort Club.
Twice a year, they'll inspect and tune up your system.
They'll enjoy poverty, same day service, and 10% off, and you need to repair all of these things for just...
All of these things.
Just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two-speed infinity system with Puran, or peace of mind,
you're round with the Comfort Club.
Either way, make the Royce choice.
Call them toll-free until them that ancient Neal afforded to call Royce Air and Heath at 1-800-377-0075.
You're ready for a long, brutally hot and humid summer, baby.
Call Royce Air and Heath 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neal Roger.
This is 5.69 AM.
Wonderful WQA Air.
What a pain.
5.69 AM.
Probably 2 AM.
You're in for maintenance station.
More on the TV.
I'm here.
I'm deciding a radio is begun.
And you, you just stay over there.
Now, normally I don't step out of character,
but if you wanted to disaster this here, a hurricane, I feel it's only proper
that we are dispensing a holy gate here in sports for a while.
Well, I mean, a TV appointment could get political holiday.
And so can I.
And what is it?
A handy town.
You're out with the need for your more hearted evening.
Yeah, I would.
Hey, you hear that?
There is nobody here by that name.
From this turn on, you will address me by my truck and name.
Around place, my bonifing, you.
Around the your nose.
OK, Mo.
Now what do you want?
Well, there are only about 1,100 national hours available because the rest are getting killed
while trying to secure resources for corporate interest in Iraq.
The rescue equipment is there too, including the high water trucks, which is kind of weird since it's been a while.
Wait a second.
By the way, sir.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
I can't do this and we can't do that and we can't, yeah, right, that's our middle name. We ought to change our call letters to WC, C-N-T. You gotta be careful with that one now. Well, you can only have four letters. Or if it was, if it was a Canadian station, it could be C-A-N-T. Can't do radio. Now, see, you gotta get your mind out of the gutter because I know exactly where it went as soon as I said that. You're right. Well, you stop it. See you next time.
I said C-A-N-T and you can't have five letters in there. So, you know, you know, now probably, Lawrence is going to come running in there. Oh, C-A, is that word again? I told him. I told him what it means. Yeah, look at the mirror, Lawrence. That's what it means. Anyway, we got 26.2% claim that they bought our merchandise and you know, that's a pile of clock. As what's his name used to say, the former coach of the Canes, that Jack
Ants, who had such a good time in Louisville, how it smelly, burger. 566705, Pollock Rock. That was one of his much more expressions as you would clenched his teeth on that pipe, you know, puffing up the storm. What was in that pipe? 56670560 and pound 566 in the Verizon Singular wireless lines. I think what we had to do is place him an audio from how he duty. Now that we got clear bell running to join. 70 QA M, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Sounds like every Jones to me.
Yeah, he's Putin down and I'm hanging up on him. 20 QA m, hello. 56670, come on. Let's give those numbers out while I look for how he duty. Oh, where the hell is it? I got there something. I'll get in there. Just relax. Don't get into a panic. Now what's this? Oh, look at that. Very, very nice. It's the second cut on the first disc. Oh, right. That's always a good sign. Since Claire Bell is now running, I'm going to take the car, I'm going to take the car. Oh, I know. So it's going to be a good sign. So it's really nice. That's the first disc. Oh, right, well, that's not good. It's always a good sign. Since Claire Bell is now running.
running a radio station who talks a lot of crap
but can't get anything done.
But it would be better to move,
better about Talk's double talk.
Never see him in Al Kelly.
Anyway, you wouldn't know Al Kelly.
He was great.
Double talker.
Here we go.
Here's what time is it?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Hey kids, hey!
Oh!
Well, howdy, Mr. Doody.
And boys and girls at home and kids in a gallery, let's go!
Yeah!
Oh!
Yes, there are boys and girls.
Here we are again with more Howdy Doody time, direct from the Howdy Doody circus.
Great to summer fall, winter spring.
Hello, Buffalo Bob.
And, Billy Dally.
Oh!
Yeah, that's me.
Phineas T. Buffet.
That's the serious boy, sweetie.
I know, I know.
And the Floppa does.
Well, when they be without me.
And me, Buffalo Bob.
Oh, what happened to Cerebel?
I thought we were going to get the W.
Excited, there.
Yeah, it's like Cerebel was there like a honky's little horn.
He had like a little horn with a rubber ball in the end.
He used to honk it.
He was a honky, Cerebel.
Well, I don't know.
You could get a little low ranger.
Low-low-ranger.
I was there.
I think that was the apprentice officer to Buraz mounting, if he asked me to loan ranger
him and Tom, so I think they were doing stuff.
That was it.
Yeah.
And then, at the end of the show, they said loan ranger was a hukukula.
Oh, sorry.
5.670560.
And you know the rest.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Who are unfurled?
It's me.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, the TV.
Well, you're getting faster than he is.
That's good.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I think in order for Jeffrey Lauria to sell the seats at the Marlottest Stadium,
you're going to have to contact Mr. Murray for the good leads.
What do you think?
Yeah, that sounds good to me.
Hey, by the way, are you here?
Never mind you're one thing.
All the seats are closed.
It's all right.
Hey, Jack, are you going out tonight, Neil?
Am I going out?
You don't get it when he asked Shelley if he was going out.
Oh, yeah, right.
You're going out?
I'm going to go out and see that couple.
Yeah.
All right.
Winston, can this ear couple?
Is it?
The platels.
What?
Yeah.
What is he talking about?
I don't know, but it was funny for some reason.
Yeah.
I think it sounded a little bit...
Yeah.
Yeah, like that.
See, is there anything...
Well, how about your hit parade with Stoffy Lansen?
Where's the cat?
I'm a little sick of two.
So had a rat and a scientific test.
Screwed, lucky strike is milder than any other principal brand of cigarette.
That fact is verified by an independent consulting laboratory,
with more than 15 years experience in cigarette research.
Let your own taste and truth be the judge.
For smoothness and vileness, there's never a rough path and a lucky strike.
Yes, prove to yourself what scientific tests prove.
Lucky Strike is milder than any other principal friend of cigarettes.
You're a carton of luckies today.
Lucky Strike presents your hitful aid.
The lucky seven songs of the week with guest one, Kylie Wilson.
The hitful aid is an agreement started the lucky strike orchestra.
Oh!
Oh, right.
LSMF theme, maybe.
And Frank used to get like a general tumor.
Man, look at that.
You really, uh, letting up the phones with that, how do you do it?
Is that what it is?
That's gotta be it.
I don't think so, I think it's probably your rhymes with phones as in Reverend Bowens.
141, 19, 0, 2, 5, 60, WM.
We got the, uh, the crow standing by is the crow flies out there at gate-afford the Abalparc.
When you go in there say, hey, aye, crow, man, you smell.
I've been telling you for years about dollar, mattress, their outstanding service.
If you thought doubting 1-800 mattress on the phone was easy, go check out mattress.com.
You shop whenever and wherever you want.
When you log out of dollar, mattress is website mattress.com page.
You'll see the extensive product line.
It's all in there, man.
Seely, Soda, Simmons, King Quill, temperate externs, and foster Hewitt.
You'll also see photos, prices, and a whole lot more.
You can do the whole ordering process right there online or after you check out the website, just call 1-800 mattress.
Place your order and schedule that delivery any two hours that you pick any day of the week, like noon to two, one to three, etc.
And right now take advantage of dollar mattress is grade 12 month financing program, too.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you get factory direct prices lower.
Believe me, then those chain stores even during the so-called big sales.
So save a lot of time and gas in effort, just sit there on your ass and make that one easy call.
Call dial mattress right now 1-800 mattress.
The official mattress company of this show.
Call 1-800 mattress right now and talk to an expert, vet a consultant or log out of that website.
mattress.com.gur into yourself the best sleep you've ever had in your life for years to come.
1-800 MATTRES.
Leave out the last S because it stands for Stu Pendus Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Do you have a heart or a liver?
Oh!
This is a very good one.
This is a very good one.
This is a very good one.
This is a very good one.
This is a very good one.
This is a very good one.
This is a very good one.
This is a very good one.
He is a very humble
constrictor he doesn't know he beg.
Not art Tommy Tommy Cruz that's yeah
Not art Tommy he pulled a lot of people with that raspberry see they thought it was a fart and it was just a raspberry
That's why he's still there because if they knew it was like a fart song they'd have fired his ass
So oh he likes Neil and George you know and maybe even Josh. I don't know if he likes you or not
183 votes I'm sure that duck likes him
Why didn't or won't you buy Neil then?
This is all Duff's idea by the way this thing with the CD in the t-shirt. It's all his idea
And now he goes off to the sales department like oh I had nothing to do with that you know
Well, what I got to do with Emma sales guy right?
F mirror salesman, okay?
Why didn't you or want you by Neil's anniversary? How dare you not buy it as the certain master would say how dare you?
That's the DNA ugly t-shirt, huh?
We got a shine at 1100 again during the show you think we can do that. Oh sure
We need 17 votes in 12 minutes. I think that's a possibility. I
Don't believe it but no it knocks down to 26% see just dropped
We got to get that under 26
187 and you 13 votes in 12 minutes. I'm too cheap to do 230
Go off that Schmidt 187 who'd I would want a stupid ass CD and an ugly t-shirt that I wouldn't even wipe my car with I
Hate this pull 123. Please no more charity stick 96 that was my vote
In fact, I voted before we took this pool before we started this crap. I voted for it. They would listen to me
Why should I have anything to say about it? I don't have any cash 61. Don't worry once Josh gets that new raise
He'll take care of everybody. He's a really generous benevolent guy
He'll be sitting on the street corner every day for an hour before and after the show handing out $100 bills like John D
Rockefeller that's right and that's when I get it so hold your breath who used to hand out diamonds as matter fact
That's I mean what what kind of arrogant crap is that multi-billionaire? He's handing out diamonds of course back in the day
The diamonds were like a quarter, you know
Niels not here to sign it 42. Why would I want it unsigned, you know?
I stole the CD
downloaded it copied it burned it stealed it 27
I'm gonna give it a charity 22 and the CD sucks only 16 and you know those 16 probably never heard it anyway
They're just a bunch of wise guys, you know, just like they got what to discover card
Just another excuse trying to cover up for their own cheapness
And after the embarrass to be cheap you got a lot of company. I know a lot of cheap people. I know Rimmer
He's not a bearer's buy it when you go to a meal and in fact I'll never forget when he came up here that time and
Shlucked me all around town of that horrible deli that awful place
And there's Rimmer his wife his son his daughter and me there's so there's a
Four that was five of us right? Yeah, I don't think the sun was there. He wasn't there
The daughter the daughter and the wife and there's three of them and one of me
Horrible meal the worst place and he takes this way out in the middle as the Chinese say oh, yeah, no, it's Bell the middle of nowhere
I thought we were gonna drive to Montreal for Christ's sake. At least we got a good meal there
Not only was the food awful, but at the end of the meal here comes the check and
Now his daughter had never been in any of these deals. You know where he just slides you over the check
Right and she let out a gas like like like that like she was gasping for oxygen when he just
The waiters gave him and he just handed it right over to me
So wait a minute
Their waiters gave it to him and he gave it to you right? Oh my god
Well, he was sitting on the other table so she just handed him and he just passed it right over to me
You know wow?
This is what happens when you spoil people when you keep buying sheep'scage meals at Ruth Chris, you know
Now I'm not gonna lie
I've been out with people before and they put the check down on the table
And I might wait to see if somebody grabs it. No, he you know, he handed it to me. That's that's crazy
And the daughter like he was so embarrassed and
Just mortified or like they say in the biblical days mortify
And in his case more to come me and that's why like when I was down there last time and he calls me up
Oh, you're gonna be in town anytime in February. I said yeah, and my mistake
I said yeah and come to find out that was when they had the all you know the Olympic break right so the NHL
Wasn't playman so we had several days off and
Guess what he was going out of Florida. Why doesn't he just call you and ask you if you want to take him out the dinner
No, he did say that. Oh, oh, we'll have to go to Ruth Chris
I said no, I think I'm only gonna be there a couple days. I think I'm all tied up rumor in other words
Don't call me. I'll call you and don't hold your breath and never happen of course
Oh, is he you know one thing I'll say about him besides being cheap
Yes, I mean he's not embarrassed by it. No, that's his badge of honor being the cheap skate and making sure you're gonna pick up the check
So now that you're getting that big raise Josh
This is Neil Rogers
This is five six eight
If it's free it's me
Absolutely
I'm happy to get some rubbish in that telling with my wife and your parents and Prince match and Belly
They were stuck at everything and we had
I went to shop around the little bit of told me to wait she had to read the copage in my reading glasses
I had to remind the weather massive
If we can't go with the candle the person is salad
Why they had a coat like a mini-catchy filly she said well, let's get up guys. I should I be like
I'm standing here all day. I might be there by
But he's on your skinny daily wait
As the ladies of the day they got so full
And it is that little on a hub of a thread. I only hope that they show
Nice and moist right pastry makes me touch
I tried my teeth to do the short dinner meaning yeah, we did a leap before my gun start
Feeling my wife's in my chair. I'm married to me
That's just for that. I'm trying to make her own a good sheet. I said I should be embarrassed kind of pulling apart
They should only expect no one's from a better way to bother
Can I mind the end of the time it's on a fair light dear as you can go right now
Trust in the heat
We know she should take her away dinner for the polish for me to back girl
Little me take your cup of language. She said my kids you show me a new place. Yes, you know
I said try the kitchen and line her up
But that I should replace. I have enough to take home a doggy that was right
Oh
I am we got the crow standing by a gate f out there at pp park man. That should be a real hoot, you know it
Oh sure
Thousand ninety eight. We're still two more try man. We were two more try leaving. Oh, we'll get it
We'll get it. You're gonna get it. Oh eleven hundred. You're right. We got it and the good part of it is I should probably shouldn't say it
Oh, you should say it what what I don't know no on top you see the percentage is under twenty five point nine
We got it under twenty six. We got it down four points in the beginning the liars you know the liars club. Yeah, why bought it
right
285 so they did buy our stuff and you know just figure it out
We wouldn't we have like more than a hundred bucks for the thing if they really would have done it
We would that's okay. We understand what you really mean is you're too cheap. It's right underneath
They even vote that with no problem. You got a lot of company
Out of 1103 and still 20 to old 25.8 that is great. That is sensational
But I guess it was getting fifty million dollars for his name. It's not even his real name. Well, I guess it is but it's
Muhammad Ali see if he would have still been cashless. They wouldn't got 50 cent
But CFX Inc has announced it's acquired an 80% interest in the name images likeness and although I'm the shakiness of all
publicity boxing legend
Muhammad Ali after a payment of fifty million dollars of the Ali Trust
In Muhammad we trust
Mr. Ali 64 years old has been in the public eye recent months
He was unable to walk on assisted but still spirited in November when he was awarded the medal or freedom by president Bush
Ever see him and janitor we know walk together
That's bad. That was good. Don't you want to apologize for saying that you know
I should apologize this for saying that. That was very cool and evil and next he's going to be talking about Michael j5
