Hey Whitney, how's it fair?
Why not go to the promulnerant, the realer of promulnerant?
I thought Chrissy and the C was fairy tales
And this religion scene was not for me, skirt
They held a big convention
And let me invulnerate, and just her hair
I had no idea what I was about to see
Oh, they were speaking in tongues
That they'd made me a believer
With kind of fun
To run to stick it out of time
Speaking tongues
They got me believing
I can't wait from side to side
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No-no, it will now embrace me
I'd try to not come to the beat
I'd try to hurl whatever I do not forgive me
Because now I speak in tongue
But that makes me a believer
And I'm having fun
Playing around with Sine now
It's the end of the world coming with you.
6606, man.
All this crap.
Just like YGK, man.
All the hype all the time.
All the hysteria.
All the hocus, pokus.
All the bubble-miceys all the time.
And they put it on CNN this morning.
The 30-year mortgage rate is now 6.66%.
Oh my god.
I would definitely hide under the bed from the boogie man.
Or go get a new mortgage.
Or both.
I didn't get a good mortgage rate from the boogie man.
Mark from Hellendale Beach, you wanted Sterling Hayden on today's list of dead actors.
And you got it, Mark.
Dead Hollywood people.
I was going to ask Hank all kinds of things.
But I guess he families.
There wasn't because of flight.
He was afraid I was going to talk about Eric Gregg being dead, fat, umpire.
That's all right.
So I was going to ask him who's going to be on tomorrow morning, since it was supposed to be Dick Stockton and Leslie Visser.
And now they've canceled.
They either been canceled or they canceled out.
And we can't get any answers on these things, you know.
Probably because he said those terrible things about him.
No, I did not.
I said, Dick Stockton, we agreed that Dick Stockton at least had a good sense of humor about how bad he is.
But nevertheless, they're not going to be there tomorrow morning.
And as of this moment, we have no idea here on Revolving Door Radio.
Who's going to be doing the morning show?
Because the hopper is just going to be in New York.
He's got bigger fish to fry.
He'll be on Thursday and then Friday we got, well, I was going to say it says, I'm a scheduler.
He's getting bumped tonight.
So God only knows what's going on.
Anybody know what's going on?
No.
No.
He wants to know what's going on in hour.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Well, what the F is going on in hour.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm sure Joshua is asleep by that time and network already.
So he doesn't remember that part of the movie.
Do we?
What part?
So it's D-Day today and it's also 666.
That's what I'm not wasting my time.
This is the same punk that told us yesterday that the NBA final starts tonight.
I thought they, hey, look, well, they don't.
It was a week day with a tee.
I thought it was Tuesday.
Yeah, well, okay.
You got two choices and I wouldn't go to the casino today if I were you.
It's not, it's not your day.
It's an oldman.
It's definitely not your day.
You had a 50-50 chance and you blew it.
It's Thursday starts in the Dallas, no less.
I wasn't Steve Nash playing for the Mavericks again, though.
Yeah, he is.
Just for the finals, I think.
He's making it a comeback.
Speaking of playoffs, I lied yesterday.
I said I wasn't going to watch that game last night.
What kind of hockey fan would not watch this day and become finals?
Oh, don't tell me I got a paper jam.
I got jam.
Oh, one moment, please.
Oh, no.
So anyway, Ray Whitney did score a pair last night and what an unfortunate way to end a game, man.
Poor kid.
Everything goalie gets injured.
They have to bring in this kid.
It's a red not ready for prime time.
Never played a playoff game in his life before.
There's less than 40 seconds left in regulation.
They're going to go to overtime.
It's 4-4.
And he goes behind the net to stop a clear and pass.
He like kind of bobbles it away and hands it right to Rod Bindermor with a wide open net and bought a BING Carolina score.
That was bad, but a sighting game, though.
Carolina 5, Edmonton 4.
Any interest?
No.
Okay, what's this facts you got here?
The lead story.
Oh, no.
Leadstoryonbangdupp.com.
Also, it says on a sad note, Bob Weaver's in the hospital.
NBC sure screwed him over not letting him say goodbye after all those years.
Yes, they did.
He's a great guy, Bob.
Weaver and a good friend.
Not even if I ever met Bob, but he's still a good friend.
It's one of those people that you don't know, like, personal.
But, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, here you go.
A US jury found a Roman Catholic priest guilty of this satanic ritual-style murder of a 71-year-old nun,
which went on sophomore than 25 years.
We had talked about that before, and now that came in with a verdict.
Well, that good?
That was great.
Father Gerald Robinson was immediately sentenced to a mandatory jail term, and between 15 years
in life, I'd let away in handcuffs.
And it says, news edition, 06-06, 2006.
All right.
Plag.
I was just going to say how good at stuff is.
That Berkeley's, what is it called?
Berkeley's.
I don't know.
Does it have alcohol in it?
No.
I was going to say how to be a real interesting show if it does.
No alcohol, no sugar, no.
I can't have alcohol because it interferes with my drugs.
I understand.
Oh, man.
Like I said, that's stuff that was a crap.
Only when I start talking to that, I have this problem.
So you do the show.
All right.
Very good to have Dan Musick in it.
Former Empire, Eric Greg, dies at 55 after a massive stroke.
Former Major League Empire, Eric Greg known for his big personality.
He was fat, man.
He was huge.
And Josh don't even know who that is.
I thought you were a baseball guy.
Yeah, I'll have to brush up on the Empire.
I don't know who John McSherry was either.
Well, you know, I mean, I'm not saying that you have to have great expertise with the Umpires,
but you think you'd know the ones who were like famous for certain things like being huge and fat.
Like John McSherry, who had a big heart attack and died around the field a couple of years ago.
Empire, that?
Famous, by the way, that's kind of like an oxymoron.
But it is not.
No, it's because you have a weird memory and you just remember people.
And it's not true at all.
Anybody who's a real baseball fan, remember Eric Greg?
He weighed at one time over 400 pounds, nearly 400 pounds.
And he went on a diet.
And he did lose a lot of weight at one time.
I think you found it.
Anyway, he told the family members Sunday morning at his home at Ardmore,
that he couldn't feel anything on his left side.
He was hospitalized and died at 6.45 last night.
Man, I'm gagging today.
It was among 22 Umpires, a loss of jobs in 1999 when their labor plans of mass resignation backfire.
Remember that?
Yeah, I'm glad you remember something about baseball besides Dave Ann Borey's wife and his bad hair piece.
You should have heard Josh this morning carrying out about that awful hair piece.
Oh, I wanted to hear more about his wife.
No, you don't want to hear about that.
She's hot.
Yeah, the room where I'm hearing.
Am I right about that at least?
Yeah, she's good looking.
Do go on.
Oh, see, then he wants to say hot.
She's good looking.
She's hot, okay?
How big are they?
Oh, stop.
I'm telling you, was I cropping before the show?
No, no.
Right.
And now, I think it's my allergies.
I'm cheese and nice.
I don't want no tea.
I don't want to keep cropping and gagging the whole floor out.
I don't want to keep cropping and gagging the whole floor out.
Then I'll be out stick to rest of the week.
I mean, might as well be.
We have no idea who's going to be on it.
What time?
Any other Kim Bo-Kamper?
Tomorrow.
Well, what did I say to you before?
Kim Bo-Kamper.
That was my guess.
When in doubt, they always fall back on bow.
Well, he's big enough to fall back on.
The whole army could fall back on his head.
That's right.
He's a giant in the stiff broadcasting industry.
Well, head beyond tomorrow morning.
Today we got Bo-Kamper with two.
I told you.
And then Mad Dog with four.
Curtis is in for guilty of seven.
Whatever that means.
Marlins, oh, the Marlins had a nice game last night.
They scored two in the giant scored.
Fourteen.
Don't say it loud.
Fourteen.
What, you know, when you get six, six in the add two to that,
what do you got?
Fourteen.
Oh, see?
See how that works?
It's all connected, man.
The whole universe is connected.
This intergalactic inter-office memo.
13803 votes on yesterday's poll.
Which of these people are things that you're most tired of hearing about?
Tom Cruise, he wins hands, well, it was actually very tight.
Very tight.
Tom Cruise 294, I was going to say hands down your pants.
And maybe he might want to as a matter of fact,
depending on what you look like.
Oh, my God, look at that.
Man.
There's some green ones in there.
That aren't green.
Like Christmas green, you know.
Oh, pine needles.
In fact, there's a couple of pine needles in there.
Am I right in hospital?
Tom Cruise 294, brand gelina 290.
Now, we hollowed away 231, the Aruba.
The chicken Aruba, who ran off with Tubby and his...
CUBA!
American Idol 113.
That was the late edition, bro.
But it moved up nicely in the fourth spot.
Did you proud of that?
Oh, yeah, impressed.
I still say we're going to buy a WKAT and change the call letters to WBNR,
BNR 13.
I like that.
That's great.
Now that we got this big...
All the Mexicans are coming into the country,
so might as well have a station for them.
BNR 13 would get to Jingles, you know.
Illegal aliens 85.
Rikki Wade of 79.
I hate this poll 75.
Iraq 74.
54 for Shaq, who's just under Iraq.
Joyce 33.
They can't hear enough about that bitch.
The Duke Lacrosse team, they're back 25.
They're back.
Britney Spears 22.
They want to hear a lot more about Britney and how big they are
and supple and whatever.
And I ran only eight.
So they want to hear a lot more about Iran.
Let's find some Iran stories.
I don't think they got any Iran stories today, do you?
They got Duke's or they're good at it.
No, I won't.
The big story that everybody's all whipped up about
and all over CNN like stink on Greg.
Not Eric Greg.
That would be bad to say that.
Now wouldn't it?
Wouldn't it be in bad form?
Who?
To pick on Eric Greg.
You just died yesterday.
Oh, that's that umpire?
The dead fat black umpire.
Nobody does for that.
Yeah, they do.
Anybody who's a real baseball fan knows who Eric Greg was.
Just make believe baseball fans like Josh Cordes.
They don't know who that is.
Yeah.
And the excuse being, oh, nobody knows who the umpires are.
Right.
Right.
I think you got a little too much time on your hands.
No, I don't.
I don't see any of my own names.
I don't watch baseball at all.
I did watch the hockey game last night though.
And it was very entertaining and very exciting game to make you miss it.
I mean, I happen to know.
I will be watching me in the final game tonight that's not being played.
That's the only one I'll be watching.
The one isn't being played.
Because they don't start to all Thursday in Dallas.
Josh Cordes gave us some misinformation yesterday.
Oh, the high school criminology students are making a big deal out of this.
And Fort Lauderdale, it's on St. Thomas Aquinas.
We'll get into that in a minute.
Well, they were just, they were just fun and you know, we just stay like a field trip.
Right.
And they just found a dead body.
It was unusual.
What?
The stick.
Not unusual in South Florida.
Find a dead body laying around.
Find one just as mortified.
The dead body is all over the place.
Especially on 6666.
End of the world today.
Having a big ride into the world.
You're going to be good.
I need to have an end of the world sale.
Right.
Like a car dealership.
What I mean, you can sell them real cheap.
Because they got to drive wherever they're going.
Enjoy their ticket, a little spin out there at about 150 mile an hour in their new Corvette.
Because it meant they were all going to die anyway.
See end of the world.
In fact, what movies they released today?
The Orbman.
Right.
The Orbman.
It's about me and Hank and Mo.
And Mad Dog.
He's getting a little long in the tooth.
How old would you say he is?
I don't know.
50?
50 My Ass.
Are you crazy?
Yes.
What are you talking about?
He was on the 72 and 73 teams.
Am I right about that, John?
Yes, you are.
Well, even though he is.
That's 34 years ago, 72.
He's got to be 55 plus.
I don't want to pick a number.
Because he's a good guy.
He's pushing 60 as well.
Even though you don't think so.
Why don't you look it up?
I'm looking it up now.
You Google it.
148.
730.
48.
Suits 57.
Wow, almost.
What a geaser.
Actually, 48?
Yes.
He's almost 58.
Next month.
What do I tell you?
I said he's pushing 60, didn't I?
Do I know my crap or what?
I think I can go walk.
In fact, I'm full of it.
1013 at 560 WQM, if you love boating, hey, don't go out there and spend a ton of money
buying a boat.
Do a much smarter thing, a much less expensive thing, at a hassle-free thing, and read a great
boat from Club Notico.
Just call him at 1-800-volt rent right now.
Why pay all the expenses of owning a boat when you can rent one totally hassle-free?
Join Club Notico.
That's the club they get involved in.
Call 1-800-volt rent.
You'll be amazed just how easy it is.
No docking costs.
No expense above.
Keep no insurance.
And no hurricane preparation in Jesper, Virginia.
There is a hurricane season and we're in it now.
With a boat from Club Notico, it's totally stress-free and affordable too.
Call 1-800-volt rent.
No getting the boat ready because Club Notico does it for you.
And no cleaning up either because of Club Notico you just hop on your boat and go.
When you're done pulling the dock, get off and leave.
Just walk away.
It's that easy.
Club Notico from unlimited boating to pay as you go from small boats to your charters
and everything in between.
Club Notico, the folks you want to be talking to, call 1-800-volt rent and let Club
Notico tailor a plan to fit what you need and your budget as well.
Get on the water this smart, the inexpensive and hassle-free way, two day by car and Club
Notico at that toll-free number I keep giving you.
1-800-volt rent.
This is meal price.
This is 5.62 AF.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
I don't have a coach.
They did?
Yeah, they did.
About 8 miles west of Vakuba.
In fact, they've got that story on them.
They just had on.
Your favorite CS, certainly not in the Nasi News.
According to authorities, the heads were wrapped in black plastic bags and shoved into fruit boxes.
Their identities cannot be immediately confirmed.
And they weren't saying nothing.
It was a second sex discovery in four days.
On Saturday, eight other heads.
Oh, I see.
They just had the story on those heads.
They haven't got a head on the story.
You know, you were talking about the great-fold debt yesterday and there were a bunch of dead heads.
Yeah.
On Saturday, eight other heads were found in Hadid and also been stuffed into fruit boxes.
Now, you know what bit we ought to play now.
Oh, my God.
It's a severed head.
Yeah.
That's in bad taste.
Hadid is about 37 miles north of Baghdad.
Oh, it was in the Baghdad ahead.
Also today, a roadside bomb exploded at a Lauri bus station in Central Baghdad, killing a woman and a woman a child.
Three-mortar rounds landed at the Nodha bus station in Central Baghdad late this morning, killing two civilians and one of these seven others there.
Gunman also shot and killed a Baghdad neighborhood council member and two of his bodyguards this morning.
But other than that, everything is just, oh, we're flying.
Thank you, Dory.
It's just just amazing.
They're just chaos and bloodshed and people running away from their homes trying to find some place to like a perch, you know.
Just amazing.
Well, we have rod.
Can't imagine why the world hates America.
Can you?
They're jealous of our freedom.
Yeah, where's that candy and flour they promised us anyway, bastards?
Femini QAM, hello.
Here you go.
That's Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, I want to talk about your bag.
I'm Josh, I think you know who he is.
Isn't that embarrassing?
Well, you know, every model is very quasi-marrow.
I'm saying God knows who he is because he coached the, he just a little modern and his gamer.
He had the most strikeout thing, nationally championship.
How do you like that?
Even I didn't know that.
I'm just forgotten.
They talked forever about how it strikes, but the biggest is valid.
Right.
So I mean, I think every model has got no CS.
Well, in that case, yeah, I'm going to Josh.
Is John Candy on your phone?
John Candy should be on your good Canadian boy.
Yeah, good Canadian boy.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks, Nick.
What about speaking to John Candy?
What about John Belushi?
Okay.
I mean, there could be eight million people on this pulling liner at your normal little still with.
We got the green light on there.
Engineering, thank you.
We're streaming it.
We are streaming.
Hopefully Bob Lassarder is streaming it this morning.
Tell them what I mean by that.
I'm sure he's not listening.
I'll be streaming it during that break.
We got that kidney problem.
You know, every day he's got to see if he can, it's just, you know, between him and now I got Bob,
we've been to hospital.
It's just a lot of bad stuff going on.
And so I don't feel so bad with just a little head colder.
No, I don't.
You're doing great.
You're ahead of the pack.
No, don't say like that.
You are a cat or you are a hard ass.
You're just brutal.
No, you're about as sensitive as a fruit fly.
You're a severed head of the pack.
Yeah, well, there you go.
I like that severed head.
I just like that beginning part.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
It's a severed head.
I mean, just take that off of there and just play it by itself over and over again.
About 17 times.
So they found eight heads on Saturday and nine more heads this morning.
17 heads.
You could start collecting.
Collect them all.
Yeah.
The shrunken head collection or the severed head collection.
What do you think this is going to make after 115 anyway when the world ends?
That's right.
Be sure and be tuned into 115.
Know what the sound is going to be, the signal, the alert.
Oh.
That's going to be that old cattle rat alert or anything like that.
Or the thing they keep interrupting our show with it.
What do they call it?
The A-S.
The E-S.
Which used to be the E-B-S.
It was going to be like like that.
Yeah.
When you hear that six times.
It's only did five because I don't want to get caught.
I want to go over.
115.
Don't let me forget.
Well, 10 out of six times.
That'll make the end is coming.
And guy, I got to lose for it.
When you work a Q-A, you know the end is coming.
You can smell it.
Can't you smell the death in the hallway?
I smell something.
I could go out there and poke a few bodies.
I got to get to that slow right by the way.
I keep showing those kids from San Qua on CNN.
Yeah, we've all seen it.
It's been on the local news.
And eight million times already.
I sure hope it hasn't been on WTVJ because they are.
They're evil.
If there is such a thing as the anti-Christ,
he's a WTVJ.
He's a, as they call it, NBC6.
Well, what is that NBC6?
Did anybody call it ABC10?
No.
CBS4.
Uh-uh.
PBS2.
Uh-uh.
No speaking English, Venti Trace.
No.
Hey, that has to, it has a ring to it.
That has a ring to it.
Put it to music, man.
Let's get Cina Cruz to sing the theme song.
Hey, let me think it right now.
Oh, that sounded good.
At least I know.
See, I told you it's the end of the year.
It's the end of the year.
It's the end of the year.
Oh, man.
Oh, I knew it was going to be a tangerine one.
Man.
You know, I haven't had a tangerine in years.
I haven't even seen a tangerine.
They're great.
They're a lot less messy than oranges because they're the peel.
It's easier to peel the peel off.
And they're like the little sections, you know?
Right.
And I think you can get tangerines without any seeds.
Can't you?
I believe you can.
I mean, you can get oranges without seeds.
But peel on the oranges still apain in the grass.
That is correct.
Well, we're going to be talking later about more fruits.
But right now, well, isn't that what they said they found the heads in fruit boxes?
Maybe they were tangerines in there.
Huh?
Brandies is where you want to take your feet.
I'm just testing my a vertical cord to see if that stuff is helping.
I think it is.
And if I wouldn't have that stuff, you'd be doing the show right now.
Oh, boy.
And anytime you feel like taking over, just let me know.
I'm OK.
All right.
And Brandies, you'll find all the major brains for your feet.
Like Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppey's new balance,
all the other big names in all sizes for men and ladies.
How you doing with the ladies?
And they even carry wide woods and hard to find sizes.
Isn't it amazing how he's dying on the vine across the street?
Of course, to show you when you're on a losing team, man.
You hear that?
I did.
When you're on a losing team.
Brandies uses the largest independent shoe retailer on South Florida.
When you see the great selection and the fantastic brand, you, they always offer you
at Brandies.
You'll understand why for years I've raved about how good they are because they are.
Go see our good buddy Arnie.
And Arnie will make damage to you.
You get the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right price.
And of course, at Brandies, the only thing they do is shoes.
You never have to worry about the size, selection, the service because whatever you like, they got it.
Brandy shoes, you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Palmano Beach
between Atlantic and Copa's on the east side.
You can't miss it.
Open Monday through Saturday to line.
Some days till five.
Oh, God, look at the color of that one.
Oh, my God.
It's true.
Brindle Brown.
It's a great way to shop for Fathers Day of Brandies.
Save up to 40 bucks a pair of men's Rockport Thor Shaman New Balance.
And get a free gift with every purchase.
So get your ass into Brandies this week or shop for your shoes on their website at BrandyShoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QA&R.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized.
Oh, bad dad.
Oh, bad dad.
Absolutely.
Oh, bad dad.
Oh, bad dad.
The world is ours.
That little boy gets anything he wants.
The statue's down.
The dome is gone.
And now every corner has a shepherd gone bad dad.
Most of them are dead bad dad.
Shock's portion is here, bad dad.
Maintain oil flow.
We get that price and gas down low.
We're giving him a taste of democracy with the cracker.
That will let an apple squeeze back down.
The corporate war is one bad dad.
We only jumpy gone bad dad.
The world is ours.
You know I'll have a bag of deep fried candy toes to go.
Just like the Magician World War II.
There was a whole lot of hard for the brass of foods, bad dad.
Grab everything he can back down.
They won't be doing that again back down.
Hey, if you want two wars, anybody know what the red alert's for?
You want some water?
Well, now it's ours.
We sell you our four-enomital charge back down.
Look at the stockings next back down.
I ran as long to be back back down.
Now push his gun.
That is little boy gets anything he wants.
That is little boy gets anything he wants.
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down.
Now push our red dad.
Ten forty seven at five sixty WQM.
We got Kim Bo camper to the Sep noon, to the four.
You're mandatory follows that.
And we got Curtis seven at five tonight.
Oh, what a blessed relief, no, not that today.
Why you're probably under a lot of pressure after that tough opening playoff game last night.
I'll be watching the heat game tonight.
The one that Curtis was telling us yesterday is going to be on tonight.
I'll be watching that.
I'll be glued to the screen.
Yeah, that was a Curtis told me that.
Curtis told you that.
What did I just say?
Curtis said, got blame it on him.
Nearly fourteen hundred Iraqi civilians died in a wave of targeted killings in Baghdad last month.
Fourteen hundred.
Now you know, who's counting?
The figure doesn't include civilians killed in insurgent bombings.
Even so, however, the number is the highest monthly death toll in the catrol since the war began three years ago.
In May, thirteen hundred ninety eight bodies were brought to the Baghdad morgue.
All were killed in attacks.
In most cases, and the bodies were found strewn across, you know what I got?
What do you got?
And it runs in my father's family.
It's one of the many cursors that he left me.
Post nasal drip.
Oh yeah, yeah.
No, it's an out-of-the-little.
I hate that.
And that's why when you're sitting up straight like this, like I am now, maybe if I lay down the floor,
you got a lay out on your stomach so it drains all of it.
How about on my side?
How about on my...
Rackum!
All were killed in attacks.
In most cases, the bodies were found strewn across the Iraqi capital shot execution style.
Oh, lovely.
At least four hundred of the bodies couldn't be identified.
They'll be buried by the government in three weeks if they're not claimed.
The number of Iraqis who have died in Baghdad alone, just in that city alone, the first five months of this year,
stands at six thousand twenty-five, or more than twelve hundred a month according to CNN's calculation.
And of course, those are the ones that they found the whole body.
I mean, we got like these severed heads and few heads over.
And that's only in Baghdad.
It says if the monthly rate continues, 2006 would have received last year with some ten thousand fifty bodies received by the morgue,
as the deadliest year in the capital since the war began.
Let me say it again, there is no war.
The war requires two countries participating.
There is no war.
There was an invasion and there's an occupation.
There is no war in Iraq.
It's again, the media feeding you a pile of crap, pile of Kalmanur.
Absolutely no war.
There's a civil war.
Yeah, well, I wasn't going on.
Today is the 60-second anniversary of D-Day.
Any interest?
No, I just mentioned it in passing.
No, they're much more interested in 6606.
That's right.
Woo!
Let's sacrifice that goat.
All the geckys all the time.
Okay, let's get back to this.
I keep threatening this story.
Let it.
Summer school students learning the ins and outs.
Oh, I've actually been learning the ins and outs all right.
Of processing crime scenes, got a dose of the real thing this morning.
They got a dose.
Well, that's what happens when there's too much in and out of it.
A dose.
When they discovered a dead man during one of their classes.
This is yesterday more.
The criminology students from the St. Thomas Aquinas High School were at holiday parking for Lauderdale.
Taking photos and notes.
Bagging evidence.
Quote unquote.
Oh, man.
Do you think maybe the allergies are in this room?
You think that's it?
No, I couldn't.
I could be.
No, because before the show, I wasn't gagging and puking.
Maybe just allergic to QIM.
I think that's it.
And trying to solve crimes at fake crime scene set up by their teacher, her name is Sue Messinger.
Don't blame the mess.
Don't sue the messenger.
The students were wandering around the park when they came across a man's body.
Oh, my God.
Near a fence air conditioning unit on the side of War Memorial auditorium.
At first, students began taking photos because they thought it was one of the crime scenes they were trying to process.
I thought our teacher planted it there, said Billy Spryzer 17, an incoming senior at the high school.
What a clown, Billy.
But they began to suspect it was a real body and ran to find messenger who recognized the signs of rigor mortis.
You know something?
And all my life that maybe one of the very few times I've ever seen that in print.
Really?
Rigger mortis.
Have you ever seen that in print?
Yeah.
Very seldom.
Rigger mortis.
It doesn't come up a lot.
I got it.
No, it's kind of like our, when you went to book, comes out, the QIM numbers.
A student flag down, would you hear that?
I like this.
I like it.
Like Eddie Arnold all day.
Yeah.
Kind of like Rick Rottie used to do, remember that?
Uh-huh.
A student flagged down police who turned the scene of the man's death into a real crime investigation.
Police had released any information yet about the man's death.
But the amateur detectives on the scene believe it was a homeless man who likely had an unnatural cause.
Maybe they're going to poke and probe his body a little bit.
Kind of like the, uh, what's your name?
The Runaway Bride.
Oh, and what time will you play that real, uh, the first tape, the real tape?
Right up to the rapture, right?
Oh.
Yeah, right after 115.
He was found laying on a cardboard bed next to the fence, surrounded by many of his belongings.
There was no obvious signs of trauma.
I guess that's a pretty good sign.
It was a homeless guy.
Cardboard bed surrounded by his belongings.
You know, that's usually pretty good evidence.
You don't need the basil, raffle or charlotte com is to finger that out.
Do you?
No.
Nice going, kids.
So how much better could you do?
I guess they hit the jackpot.
That's right.
You know, when you're in that kind of a class, you're looking for rigor mortis.
Is this something funny about the way that sounds?
You know, uh-huh.
Rigor mortis.
You know, it's temporary.
I didn't know that until I was.
Oh, is it, what does that mean?
That means, uh, you, uh, you...
What's the stage after rigor mortis?
What was it happen?
Rigor lucis.
Oh.
You loosen back up.
Apparently.
You loosen back up.
I thought that happens when you die, you loosen up.
Right.
And you turn into a stiff and then you loosen again.
In fact, I was thinking about that.
I don't know why it's gross.
You remember we heard about the ninth and fat rich, uh,
TASTA, the other side of Pompoonopark?
Right.
Now, if it's true that you lose all your...
I don't want to be there.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You don't want to be there.
Oh, boy.
WQIAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, there's a lot of complaining going on about what's going on in Iraq.
But I just want to ask you, where would our country be without all the free flow of oil
that we've got coming out of there?
No, that's right.
Look at that.
Look at that low price of gas.
That's right.
Not to mention the democratic examples that we're setting for the rest of the Arab world.
Yeah.
Good point.
Excellent.
How many QIAM, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil?
Yeah.
Who was that woman they used to call the hanging judge?
Ellen DeGeneres.
I mean, more phonyists.
Right.
She had a radio program.
Yes, that's right.
100 years ago.
Yeah.
She heard me.
She had a doctor on one day who advocated following that disgusting flim.
The logic being that it contained dead germs that would immunize you.
Oh, some others.
I keep spitting the flim out here.
Well, I should swallow it.
I don't swallow it, too.
Don't do that.
What?
Hello to this man.
Yeah, this guy is a year older than the Thusley's flim.
Well, he's a flim pal.
Okay.
He's going to be puking it later.
Well, I wouldn't mind living as long as he is.
He sounded like about a hundred and ten.
I know.
I know.
I know that it takes forever to fly.
Oh, I know.
The phonyists.
I mean, what the hell would you listen to with Judge talking about some flim?
What does the Judge got to do with flim?
Right.
What does she know about it?
Cramp.
Oh, there's that...
Look at that.
CNN is obsessed with his high school body.
They're in line today.
They're all over that like stink on Chris, man.
Of course, you can fill in any...
any Chris you want.
I'm not talking about Chris Jones.
He's doing a fine job.
Do you get that memo?
Good for Chris.
Which one?
Huh?
Oh, I see now that I went by that.
Oh, did.
So what about the great job that Chris is doing our sales department?
Good job, that Chris.
See, there you go.
He doesn't know Chris.
Yeah.
Well, I tried.
He doesn't even know Eric Greg.
We got the thousand votes lit today.
Here I thought that that stuff was...
actually was helping me because I've been coughing like crazy.
That bucklies.
Don't ever...
you can't get it there anyway.
Probably order it.
851 votes by noon will be over a thousand.
Aren't you impressed?
That's something.
You almost think we had somebody who still listen on this show.
I know, but...
Yeah, well, we do know better.
We've seen the numbers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So swallow the flim, huh?
Don't.
Because it's a nasty.
Well, sometimes you do.
Well, what do you mean you can help?
It helps, but obviously if you're somewhere, you know...
Like, yeah.
If I'm in the middle of a sentence, I'm not going to reach over for my hanky here.
Right.
You know, into the hanker tube, just have a spittoon in your head.
Plus, it depends on if it's kind of like thin.
Right.
Then you swallow it big.
But it's like thick and goopy, man.
Yeah, yeah.
And when it does spit that baby out,
put your waistbasket right there on your lap and just hot-crighted it.
No, I don't think so.
Now, I got one.
Huh?
Just grab a big mug.
That would be good.
I was reading the thing on the internet about how to get rid of flim.
Mm-hmm.
And you lay in bed.
You get all this steam going and you lay in bed with your neck and head hanging over the edge.
You have somebody pounding on your back.
Okay.
And it says, be sure to have a cup for the flim ready.
Yeah, that's good.
Oh, no, just spit it on the floor.
Just have a cup ready.
I mean, I'd like to have to tell you that.
Have something ready to spit tune in in.
You know, the internet's got some interesting information.
It's a lot of crap, but it's just generally speaking.
It puts it's juvenile garbage on it.
Like they're talking about much more on it.
That's right.
You might want to know why they do that, because they are.
That's correct.
Just like all these schmathenheads here.
They want to like, you know, you know, we were, and you do understand that the three times of ammonia,
my traits that they thought they were buying, or it was a sting.
There was no ammonia.
It was like cotton or something in those bags.
Cotton, that.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, there's one for the poll, Joseph Cotton.
Who?
See that?
Get out of here.
You love Joseph Cotton.
Don't be a...
You're starting to get like Josh Corners.
Oh, no.
No matter what name you pick out, next time he mentioned like Francis O'Haren,
you'll say who?
Was he a vampire?
He could sure drive one, man.
I'll tell you that.
Bucky Day on the fourth race by 10.
You know, I've been telling you for years.
I'm going to start throwing all those names again, and you're going to be all confused.
I am.
Donnie Hall.
You know, Donnie Hall drove it, pomp and a park, until you couldn't see anymore.
Love his cop crops.
I got some of the other rumors, a matter of fact.
Super-free.
Oh, I got one right here.
I'm ready to mention it.
During the break, I'm going to go.
There's some of those.
You got Halls right now.
I don't know.
Oh, and speaking of Sorbet Hall.
Yeah.
I don't know how the hell I accidentally came across an article yesterday.
I was looking up a flammon stuff, and I was looking up that cough syrup that I'm taking.
And it had a thing on Sorbet Hall, and I clicked the link on it, and it said, wild diarrhea.
And I thought, yeah, that's it.
Yeah, wild diarrhea.
That's right.
You got, especially if you got a little touch of IBS, don't touch it.
For years, I've been telling you to call one 800 mattress whenever you need to bed.
When the old mattress is lumpy and soiled and bumpy and obscene, they can deliver it
in a 2-hour window.
They have knowledgeable bedding consultants and lots more.
And if you're not telling one 800 mattress on the full museum, check out their website,
macrors.com.
Shop on the web anytime, day or night.
With product details, prices and photos, you can check out online or call a place you order
and schedule delivery.
Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during the chain stores so-called
big sales.
Plus, you get problems financing too.
What's not to like?
The outer mattress has the complete line of all the top names in the mattress, business,
celi, certa, king coral, simmins, temperpete, externs, and foster hewitt.
When the outer mattress has the complete line of all the top names in the mattress, business,
celi, certa, king coral, simmins, temperpete, externs, and foster hewitt.
When you call one 800 mattress, you get low prices on a best friend.
Speaking of foster hewitt, will somebody give Bob Cole and Harry Neal a compass and a road map?
Generally, when the referee puts his arm up on me, it means there's a penalty.
Oh, God, are they lost.
The outer mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
Everybody, a QM, including yours truly loves the service they've gotten.
Believe me, I've used them for years and you love the easiest piece of shop and you love
you're doing your life.
This makes that one easy call.
There'll be there are no time knocking on your door.
Call 1-800-MACRUS-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Stoop Pimda's Sensational Savings.
This is Neal Roger.
This is 5.69-A-S.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your blame.
Any questions?
I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going
to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We not on force of honor, you like cold and gruscious, you are used.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to memory lives of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains.
We're mindless when they come to race.
My religion is better than yours.
It's 11.04.5.60.
You know where your children are now?
They're probably a church.
No, not mine.
Oh yeah, they are.
They're a church by train.
They're sick, sick, sick.
They're sacrificing chickens and ants around their bond.
Next to those blood, there are many big crucifix.
I saw the original Omen on my cable.
All the old Omen are making a round again over the weekend.
There's a scene in there, the priest that keeps trying to warn Gregory Peck that is son of the Antichrist.
And protect his wife and better be put.
He's talking about you have to accept Jesus.
It's one of those things where somebody actually articulates something that even a heathen like me knows what it's all about.
You have to drink the blood of Christ and eat the body of Christ.
Oh wait, the way he says it.
You know, it's one thing to learn about the wine and the wafers and all this other crap, which is more mumbojolo and I hope it's focused.
Which the Catholic Church has got everybody but on that stuff.
But when he actually, you know, I start thinking about Phil Henry and Maconon Jesus again.
Right.
We're Maconon Jesus.
You understand that with all of the other religions except me.
How sick and grotesque can you get?
Right.
Eating Jesus' body?
With the Catholics, they don't believe that it's symbolic.
They really believe that they're eating blood and flesh and that the priest has the magical power.
They turn that stuff into that.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, the Protestants, it's just symbolism but not for the Catholics.
Maybe that's what those altar boys are doing for the priest.
Maconon Jesus.
Well, he's Maconon.
Well, anyway.
Maconon the knife?
Maconon Island.
Holy Maconon.
869 votes on a poll.
We'll be at a thousand by noon and I'll tell you that.
Easy.
Easy.
What?
The Holy Maconon.
There isn't any Maconon Island.
It's like right off the straits of Maconon.
Nobody there is strait.
They're mostly...
Yay.
Let's see.
Who is your favorite dead actor or actress?
I'm amazed that we don't have more wild croissants than many calls and rightfully so.
They're busy talking about Flem.
No.
Oh, right.
Nothing.
Oh, so anyway, I went in the other room.
I got my Fisherman's Fiend.
Oh, good.
Sukros Free, of course.
Yes.
Cherry Sukros Free.
And these do not have.
I don't think they have.
They have no malt sauce.
So the tall?
So the tall and then it all.
No, they got menthol.
Uh-huh.
And I don't see any other ingredients on here.
I see a lot of French words on here.
Well, I don't think they have to...
Oh, it contains phenylalanine.
Fetal what?
Fetalalanine.
Oh.
There are people allergic to that.
So they have to put it on the label.
So if you die.
Um, looking where this is made Fisherman's friend.
Loft house of Fleetwood Limited.
Fleetwood Lancashire, England.
I reckon you never knew that.
No.
Yeah, they sell this crap all over the world.
Chris, they sell all crap all over the world.
You know, all the American companies.
They sell all their crap all over the world.
Because the world is a business Mr. Beal.
But it doesn't say anything about any other ingredients on it.
And ingredients.
Huh?
You gotta admit this.
This is a unique show.
A unique show.
It's not like a unique show.
It's not like a unique show.
It's not like a...
Not too much.
A little like that.
On a memorable day.
Maybe you're possessed by the devil in honor of our...
That could be the exit.
Maybe I need a good exit and some more work.
Maybe that's Pazuzu trying to get out your throat.
Yeah.
Or maybe it's Beal's above, you think?
That the power of Christ compels you.
How?
The power of Christ compels you.
What?
The power of Christ compels you.
No!
The power of Christ compels you.
Poor father, a Marin.
Clean off those glasses, father.
We still like Linda Blirra lot.
I'll tell you that right now.
I don't care what anybody says.
Even if you hold the Rick Springfield thing against her.
Well, I mean, it wasn't going to be me anyway.
So he's fine.
Might as well be him.
At least I'll tell you one thing.
He wrote his own music, even though you hated it.
And number two, he played guitar as good as they come.
They said he was a great guitarist.
That's what they said.
Just because I didn't like his songs.
That doesn't mean that I didn't like him.
I like them fine.
I thought he was a fine man.
And now he's old and grotesque.
Who is your favorite dead actor actress?
Well, these people are beyond rigor mortis, I guess we could say, huh?
Marlon Brando, 162.
Keralo Conor, 128.
Now, let's see.
I'm trying to think of the common factors.
They're like Eric Greg, the dead on part.
He was huge.
You ate almost 400 pounds at one point.
Fat.
Marlon Brando.
Huge.
Right.
Fat.
I can't.
Keralo Conor.
Fat.
John Wayne.
Now, the Duke wasn't fat at 90 votes.
But he did have, then they said he had like 40 pounds of human
excrement impacted in his colon at the time of the...
Huma Conundra Condom.
Anderson Cooper, please.
What the hell was that?
Radio Mombini.
All the stories now on the CNN.
First, they started off this arc and with that,
St. Thomas Aquinas threw in the body.
They're obsessed with that.
Search a freedom in America.
And now they showed a bunch of human guys in the beast.
They're naked almost.
Really?
I think this guy's got a way through.
Well, we don't want this guy.
We want the other guy.
Keralos Renovate.
This guy can go back where he came from.
Win Serf's semi-professional.
Yeah, I'll get him out of our.
We don't want to know more ugly people.
Jimmy Stewart, 87.
Well, he wasn't fat.
He was just very old.
George C. Scott, 59.
Not fat.
Greg Reid Peck, also not fat.
56.
Guess who else died?
Well, fat.
Who?
Well, fat.
Why he wouldn't know from Hawaii?
I don't know that is.
Jack Lorg, he's dead.
Yeah.
William Holden, 42, right beneath.
Is that interesting?
Gregory Peck was in the original Omen.
And you know who was in Omen, too?
William Holden.
Right.
Played his brother.
His brother who took over and inherited Damien.
Look at all the, they're wearing like those nasty,
like little farm European.
And the father of the keenys.
Are you on CNN?
Yeah, yeah.
But there's actually an audio Mabie.
You're favorite.
You're a radio talk show host, Ninochka Perez.
Oh, Ninochka Perez.
Different rules for Cuba.
It's like a commie to me.
Marilyn Monroe, 39.
Jimmy Cagney, 33.
Betty Davis, 26.
Basil Rathbone, 25.
And if there's anybody who wasn't fat.
Sir Lawrence, Olivia, 18.
He was not only not fat, but he was.
Yeah.
In fact, wasn't it, was it Danny K.
Was supposed to be his buddy?
That's what I heard.
Danny K.
Ram's wedding.
I get those all confused.
Did we ever put Kerry Grant on there?
No, we did not.
Why not?
I don't think Josh likes them.
What is wrong with you, man?
Kerry Grant.
Do you know who that is, even?
It's some baseball empire, right?
Do you know who Kerry Grant is?
He's adding it right now.
He's over there away.
I'm asking, does he know who he is?
Come on, Josh.
Answer the question.
An actor?
Is that right?
Yeah.
Spencer Tracy 17.
I'm ignoring you.
Raymond Burr 17.
Grace Kelly 16.
Orson Wellesler, I've been talking about fat.
Peter Finch 10.
Now, do you know the story of what happened to Peter Finch?
Are you aware of this?
No.
Then he was nominated for the Oscar for our network.
And he was attending some kind of a Hollywood function there.
And he was staying at some hotel.
And on the way between rushing from the hotel to wherever this banquet was to receive this honor,
he had a heart attack.
I guess what happened after that?
He died.
That's it.
I did not know that.
What a shame.
Well, you just knew it, Peter Finch.
And of course, he was a great actor long before that.
You ever see Sunday, Bloody Sunday?
It's kind of a...
Yeah.
It's very gay.
Oh, you ever see that?
No.
Good movie.
Sunday, Bloody Sunday.
He was a great actor, Peter Finch.
Yes, he was.
But nobody in this country or in your country, anyway, nobody remembers that.
They'll just remember it.
I'm as mad as hell on a nothing against anyone.
Howard Beale, right.
One of the great acting performances of all time.
We're now at LSU on here.
We're now at Leavoth.
Merleman, row 39, Jimmy Cagney, I did these.
And I, Basil Rathbone, 25.
Lawrence Olivier, 18.
Spencer Tracy, 17.
I did these.
Peter Finch, 10.
That's where I left off.
John Balushi, 8.
He just went on there.
He killed Crawford 8, but not too much.
He had those big shoulder pads.
What a dyke.
Tony Perkins 8, speaking of...
Yeah.
Did he eat that Perkins?
Pancake House.
Probably not enough though.
He was also scrawny.
John Candy, 5.
There's a guy that ate a couple of meals.
Strolling Hayden 4.
He played the McCloskey.
And a godfather.
He had his last dinner at the Louie's in the Bronx.
Tried that Veal was the best in the city.
Jack Lemon, 3.
How come we didn't talk about Jack Lemon?
Huh?
I forgot.
Came in during the break, so I just had to have Josh at it.
Oh.
Just a one line on the fact.
Now what's the line we got in here?
We have a few.
No, the one that Jack Lemon says.
I'm telling you, we have a few.
That you always say somebody else says it.
Oh, oh, the push the button max.
Yeah.
Keenan Whitley.
It is not Keenan Whitley.
You idiot.
Please stop us at max!
So you can even tell it's Jack Lemon.
Even Joshua and the one man.
He's putting a voice on.
Audrey Hepburn 3.
Add Bankrupt.
Add Bankrupt to Inkiri Grand.
I just went up there and hit none.
His real name was like Percy Sledger, something Keenan.
Do a Google on him on IMDB and see what his real name was.
He had like a girly name.
He's a great actor though.
And I promise you that if they ever make that available again North by Northwest, I will send you a copy.
But I can't find it.
I ordered it for you.
They'll write it.
I appreciate it.
I said, send it to Georgia.
They said, I don't want it.
It'll always be there.
It'll just be hanging out there.
I want North by North by a good movie.
And who else is in it?
Even Marie Saint.
Her mom in the waterfront.
Right?
Remember even Marie Saint?
I sure do.
It's pretty good.
Finally.
In all respects.
14 past 11 at QAM.
Finally, a TV experience like No Other.
Comcast Digital Cable with on-demand is easy to use unless you take viewer control to a whole new level.
With Comcast on-demand, TV is on your terms because you can choose a show on your schedule and possibly one whenever you want.
And for a limited time, you can get connected to Comcast Digital Cable and HBO on-demand for just 34 and 99 a month for your first three months.
The YS TV is so much better when you have on-demand.
For starters, you can watch over 3,000 free movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary way to enjoy TV.
On-demand is ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows,
get tar lessons and so much more.
All of these things.
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it.
You sure can't get all of these things with satellite.
So, just that dish today.
And give big savings of the $515 plus on-demand so you can go to your own TV schedule.
Best of all, on-demand is free with Comcast Digital Cable.
So, pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how ever a man has to live without it.
Call today order Comcast Digital Cable on HBO with a par of on-demand for just 34 and 99 a month for your first three months.
In day call 305 Comcast and in 9, 5, 4, Comcast, Call today for full details, certain restrictions are brought.
This is Neil Roger.
What's all it?
This is 560 QAF.
QAM in the full amount is renewed.
Gratsof Saturdays.
The Mollins will be handing out scratch-up cards at every Saturday home game for your chance to win.
In the pandemic opening day 2006 Lennon card, on a graph by Junior already.
There are 100 things to wear.
So keep listening to QAM for your chance to win Marlins Tickets and scratch-up cards.
One instant winner could be you scratch-up Saturdays from the Marlins and 560 QAM.
Neil Roger.
In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best.
Step into the confession or believe.
I don't know father, this makes the 47th time I've been in there this week.
Oh, Billy, I want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking.
Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret.
And you've got a private see for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the reader.
All right, Billy boy, it's time for your flute lesson.
But father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, it will, Billy. It will.
Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to Saint Peter.
Father knows best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here.
All the gaskies all the time, maybe.
Eat the body of Christ and drink the blood of Christ and all these sick twisted hoisted things.
And all you kids out there, your parents lied to you because they're parents lied to them.
You know, it's not that their parents are evil, although they might be.
Don't leave out the self-legulation.
Oh, yeah, that too.
By the way, I forgot about the thing you put around your waist.
It's got all the hoops in it.
That's right.
I think you pardon?
I was just going to say archibald Alexander Leach.
Leach.
Gary Grant.
It's real.
Oh, we looked it up.
I always remember that.
Oh, it's catchy.
You hear that?
Yeah.
Holy moly man.
And anyone in the line, it's contagious.
It's 6666.
You're getting this 6666.
That's the first signal man.
If the world is coming to an end when your voice starts to go out of that, when you start talking like that.
We didn't have a long time.
I think we cut it from it.
And you notice he scratched off his schedule today.
You know where he is?
No.
He's in the show.
He's got the big callus on.
The payus.
The tephilin.
The titsus.
And that's why I'm more like working with you.
He said, Geldie, he had neat titsus.
That's what I heard.
Did we put an bankrupt down there?
I guess we did, didn't we?
Just want to make sure.
Love and bankrupt.
She not only was in Fatsow.
Do you know that she wrote it?
That you know that?
I did.
Oh, I'm glad.
Did Josh ever see Fatsow?
No, I didn't.
Oh, no.
You'd like that.
You heard about that?
I think you might.
I think.
Oh, wait.
We'll put it down on the list.
Like a better and rear window.
I'll change it then.
Probably.
I sure.
Although, you know, since you've never been like Rolly Pulley fat, all of Georgia, I don't
know.
I like Rolly Pulley fat.
Me?
No, but I started to get fat.
I really, really.
Plus, you had all those fat friends who died.
I had to cut the crap, though.
I could see I was well on my way.
Yeah.
Fat people make me laugh, though.
Fat, fat.
Really?
Anybody in mind in particular?
No, not really.
Please say to the yesterday that more arrests are likely in that alleged plot to bomb buildings
in Canada, while intelligence officers saw ties between the 17 suspects in Islamic
terraces in the US and five other nations.
Do you know what the five other nations are?
No.
Britain, OK?
Bangladesh, OK.
Bosnia, Denmark, and Sweden.
Sweden?
The old, the old Swedes.
Yeah.
How did they ever do that?
I don't know.
The Parliament of Canada in Ottawa was believed to be among targets the group discussed.
Toronto Mayor David Miller said CN Tower, downtown landmark, and the city subway were not targets
has had been speculated in the local media, but declined to identify sites that were.
Well, how do you like that?
The thesis building downtown, they said, was one of them.
Ceases.
A Muslim prayer leader who knew the oldest suspect, the oldest Getski, 43-year-old Kayum Abdul Jamal.
I wonder if he's akin to Karim Abdul Jabar, or if they all can.
Totally associated press yesterday that Jamal's sermons at a storefront mosque were filled with hate against Canada.
How can you hate Canada?
Jesus, God.
That's like, hate in Denmark.
That's right, they got those cartoons.
They had a panel discussion on CBC and one guy made a really good point.
He said nobody ever was riding and starting fires and burning British flags when Modi Python made life a Brian.
Which is a hell of a lot longer and more sacrilegious than a few stupid cartoons in some of skewer Danish newspaper.
He also made another good point.
He says there aren't too many Middle Eastern countries where you find Danish newspapers laying around, but nevertheless.
A theory said more arrests were expected, possibly this week, as police prasoolids about a group they say was inspired by violent ideology of the Al-Qaeda terror network.
Much of punks, much of schmata heads, much of lunatics.
Just kill them all, man.
Kill all the lunatics.
You want to mess with us, but I've ain't.
That's it.
No trial.
Unfortunately, you're right.
I've looted to you.
I've tried to kill all of us.
Exactly.
We get them before they get us.
That's the idea.
All of it would be a terrorist out there.
In fact, anybody that looks like a terrorist, you're on the way.
Well, I've said it one thing.
There'd be a lot of open space here.
If you blew away everybody looks like a terrorist.
Oh, the Indonesian volcano is interrupting.
I forgot to mention that.
Oh, no, guys, isn't it?
You want to know why?
What day is it again today?
Right.
And the world.
6-6, baby.
The end of the world.
That's one of the first signs.
Where's that story now?
Here it is.
11,000 people are evacuated.
Don't waste your time.
It's the end of the world anyway.
The Indonesian officials evacuated 11,000 villagers from around Mount Meripai, Volcano, as lava
and superheated clouds of gas, poured repeatedly down on its upper slopes official said today.
Oh, yeah.
There's a story about that A-hole Fred Phillips sued by a Marine killed in Iraq.
Father of the Marine.
Good.
I got that story coming up.
It'll be a little lunatic.
That is older.
That is old family.
Oh, look at that.
God hates America.
Look at that.
See what I mean about the Getski's man?
And it's the same thing with this bush thing.
And even the Republicans are saying, boy, who the hell are you kidding?
Political desperation with this anti-gamer, which has got no chance of passing none.
Even many of the moderate Republicans are going to vote against it.
There is no way they're going to get like 60.
It's got to get two thirds.
No, no, Shane.
They're even close.
And Bush's friends say he doesn't even really care about the issue.
It's not anything he really cares about.
But the, you know, James Dobson and all the other good religion is down the far right.
They're, you know, they're beating a drum on us.
You want us to come out and vote in November.
You better start to live it up to what you promised, you know.
All the good hate.
And when they finish with the Gantai game marriage amendment, then the next one after that,
good old Bill Fist is going to introduce the anti-flag burning amendment.
Now we're talking about that.
Oh, yeah.
I saw all our problems.
These are the things the public is really whipped up about.
Not.
In fact, your boy, Lou Dobbs last night took a poll on CNN, the issues that people care about most.
And of course, it was Iraq and illegal immigration and stuff like that, you know.
Economy.
Jobs.
One percent said game marriages.
Yeah.
One percent out of the 80 trillion votes that they got on CNN.
Got a bunch of stories on 666.
Even schools that are in session have security up today.
They're running around poking dead bodies.
You mean, you don't know what to see the way all these things fit together?
It's not a holiday because the Lord works in mysterious ways, man.
And when you look up in the sky of all 115, you're going to see the sign, the sign of the beast.
Was the beast there this morning?
Yes, he was.
What I tell you, it still is.
This is the beast of Beth.
You.
26 past 11 at 560 WQAM.
We got Kim Bocampur into this afternoon as the revolving dough from 2 to 4 continues.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QAF.
Neil.
Yeah.
No.
From Ringo Records.
This is 666 Simon and Darfunkel.
I am going to wrap out your hair.
Play your dead.
I am going to wrap out your hair.
This is 666 Simon and Darfunkel.
Yeah.
I am going to wrap out your hair.
I am going to wrap out your hair.
I am going to wrap out your hair.
Darfunkel is now from Ringo.
It's 1131 from a Ron Popeel about it.
I think he's the Antichrist, don't you?
Absolutely.
Oh, absolutely.
I think when you crank up your vegematic, I think Ron Popeel's head pops out of it.
And then the good part is it slices it right off.
That's where you get that 7th head.
It's Tuesday's date.
666 merely a curious number.
Or could it mean our number is up?
Oh my God.
There's a deversely odd nexus of theology, mathematics, and commercialism on the 6th day of the 6th month of the 60 years.
It may just be the 60th of this millennium.
But insisting on calling it 2006, tastes the devil made care fun out of calendar gazing.
Something about the number 666 brings out the worry, the hope, and even the humor in people,
said Reverend Felix just, or is that used?
Remember any used?
No.
A professor of theology at the University of San Francisco, third-base Washington Senators.
A Jesuit priest just has taught both apocalyptic theory and mathematics and maintains,
I think the two of those go hand in hand, don't they?
Right.
And maintains a 666 numbers of the beast website that contains history, theology, math, and precisely 66 one-line jokes about 666.
Isn't that cute?
That's cute.
You can even make sport of it betting online whether the apocalypse will happen on that date.
The good news is that one online oddsmaker has made the world a hundred thousand and one favorite to survive today,
something that just said is supported by theology.
We're going to make it through the day.
Isn't that great?
Aw.
Many people avoid the number, they're afraid of it almost and there's absolutely no reason to be afraid of it.
He said it's not a prediction of future events, it is not supposed to be taken as a timetable for when the world is going to end.
What does that mean when the world is going to end?
What would it mean when you stop coming right now?
What does that mean?
Oh, you know, it's going to end someday.
It's going to end?
You mean like when the sun burns out?
That's what the sun's going to expand and burn everything up.
Yeah.
Well, it won't happen all of a sudden though.
I thought the stars die out.
You'll be able to see it coming.
That's how it dies out.
Oh.
That's how long it's going to say.
It burns.
That's what happens.
We'll be dead by that.
I'd get some extra sun tan lotion for that thing.
Call up at Robert's in Los Nahuaday, it is SPF 30.
In fact, maybe Rumsfeld's got some stockin' at.
It all started with Revelation 13, 18 in the Bible, the good book.
This calls for wisdom.
Let Him who I as understand a record number of the beast.
For it is a human number, it's number of 666.
The number of the beast.
Oh, that's his weight, the beast.
The beast is also known as the Antichrist according to some apoccal apoccal.
Why can't I say that apoccal up to theories?
Many scholars such as Just say the beast is really a coded reference using Hebrew letters for numbers.
For the despotic Roman Emperor Nero and 616 appears instead of 666 and some HM manuscripts.
Wouldn't that be a bitch if we got through our number?
Oh, oh.
Oh my god.
Are you going to die in that?
The book of Revelation isn't prophesizing a specific end of time, but is about the overall cosmic struggle of good versus evil, he said.
Oh, I bet you the devil's got his fine finger when it maybe even his tail and maybe even a couple of him horns.
But for some more apoccal apoccal of the theologians, the end of times is coming even if not specifically today.
The evangelical raptureready.com website puts its rapture index at 156 calling that fast in your seatbelts time.
Fast in your seatbelts folks, the end is coming.
It's not the date you in 6th, that's worrisome, but the signs in our society of the approach of the 6th, 6th, 6th Antichrist said,
the insane Reverend Tim Lahey, founder of the self-name ministry and co-author of best selling left behind series of apoccal apoccal apoccal.
He's a crazy person just like what's his name? James Dobson.
How about that?
And Reverend James Kennedy.
And even though Lahey said today is the date of the apocalypse, his left behind website promoted new book, the rapture,
Phenomenus 060606, will you be ready?
Well, it's too late to buy it now I would think, unless you're going to read fast, right?
So don't buy it.
I don't think that people understand that 666 is not a good time Lahey said.
He said he sees signs of an upcoming tribulation period that leads to the Antichrist arrival and movement toward one world government,
a single economic system and a single religion.
Who's going to be the head of that I wonder?
Deal, come on.
Apoccaliptic culture and theology, especially those surrounding 666 is especially appealing for people in an underdog situation
said used.
Now they tell you how to pronounce it.
Midway to the story it says, pronounced used.
What I tell you is, so far people have looked for and found 666 and all sorts of places.
Believers in the power's number have, and the numbers power views biblical letter numeric code to convert names of countless political leaders, including many props to come out 666,
marking them as the generations Antichrist that includes Franklin Delimer Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, Robert Reagan, and Bill Clinton.
It's a number that the Reagans didn't want as an address when they moved out of the White House, 89 to the LA neighborhood of Bel Air,
so they changed their address from 666 St. Claude Road to 668.
Not that they were superstitious or that Nancy did all the psyched crap.
In 1980, a TV host of this rigged the number of 60s to come up and up Pennsylvania Lottery drawing,
it's the number that's part of every UPC barcode on groceries, a coincidence according to the codes in vendor.
Uh-oh, you know that?
That's the mark of the beast.
Oh my God.
I wouldn't be surprised if the beast is right inside your box of Cheerios, man, with biblical coding 666 is also the number for the WWW of the Worldwide Web.
The math of 6666 is also open to biblical interpretation and manipulation.
Use points out that 666 is the sum of all the numbers that are in the WWW.
Do you know that?
No, it didn't.
Other oddities include variations on pie and products of prime number multiplication.
There's also something special about the number 6, which in the Bible stands for man, said Brian C. Jones,
a religion professor at Wartburg College in Iowa.
People need to lighten up about this, Jones said he heard that Tuesday has a more neutral reputation in other days,
like the dreaded Monday or bad luck Friday the 13th.
Oh my God.
But this Tuesday is a day to cash in on the number associated with the apocalypse.
It'll mark the day the debut for the remake of the classic 70s horror film, The Orman,
the publication of the Hayes New Left Behind book, an enculter poem called Godless, The Church of Liberalism, that pitch.
And for truly cashing in, there's the non-sectarian online sports book, BetUS.com,
which gives Earth a better then sporting chance.
At 100,000-1 odds, if you bet the maximum 500 bucks of WWW, and it does, you win half a penny.
If you bet 100 bucks on your crop of sand, and it does, you're in a cool 10 million, but the problem is,
who are you going to collect it from, and what are you going to do with it?
Wouldn't that be something you win 10 million bucks? But, oh, it's the end of the world you're dead.
Yeah.
Still scared about the date 66, 66.
Guess who has a piece of advice? I'll give you a clue.
You ferry.
Jack Corkheimer of the Mimey Space Transit Planetarium has a piece of advice.
If it really spooks you, you can stand on your head, and it'll be 99.
Wouldn't be the first time, Jack, that's what I heard.
You know, Miss Corkheimer?
I don't know. She used to be a guest in my show.
So, if she's out of this world.
Anyway, we're getting close to that thousand votes on the polar one.
I might sneak a few calls in here between on two.
You're going to be doing the show from now to midnight.
Till midnight.
You know, till they kick you out.
930. Oh, my God.
930 vote.
We'll be closing it on a thousand by noon.
Did I say that before?
Told you.
WMQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay, considering.
Yeah, right?
Listen, I'm up in O'Cowell now.
I left about a year ago down there and don't miss it at all.
But, far more peers is the church every five feet.
Probably a bar right across the street from it.
Oh, you know that.
Yeah.
I do know that.
And the thing is, I had these whole witness come over here about a month ago.
Yeah.
And I told my niece you can get on out of here.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, boy, I just wrote with wings and then they ended up coming back and coming back again.
Really?
And I tell my de-use jokes, you know, how I wanted to go.
Okay, well, I'm glad they hopefully enjoyed it.
Let me tell you the best remedy for those of your homeless witnesses when they knock on your door.
They'll never come back.
Mace, taser, stun gun.
Oh, no.
Garden hose.
No.
This is the most permanent solution.
They'll never come back.
Don't come knocking on my door, pedaling your religious crap, okay?
And that includes my neighbors, by the way.
Stay in hell away with your mumbo jumbo, okay?
I do like some chicken gumbo or some jumbo lia.
What is jumbo lia?
I know it's an all-in thing.
What is it?
It's like, it's like, rise with a whole bunch of stuff in it, like, constantly.
Oh, it's got like, yo, it's got like all that cage on stuff in it.
It's patient.
Ooh.
I had to wash.
Not bad at all.
Really?
Yeah.
Jumbo lia.
Don't we really have a song like that?
Uh, three dog night.
No, I don't mean that.
I'm talking about, do we have it?
No.
I thought there was a bit on it.
What's the one I'm thinking about?
I don't know.
Oh, I know the one.
I don't know.
I don't know if they eat jumbo lia and a rubah.
I don't think they need to.
I don't think they need to.
That's as close as we get.
I wonder if they eat jumbo lia and a rubah.
I know they eat chicken and rubah.
They eat chicks and a rubah.
Well, the charge's doing it.
Look at that.
The government and tuna industry don't support the recommendation to do what?
The tuna trade group says that the team could outweigh any risk from trace amounts of mercury.
Oh, mercury.
Don't worry about that.
I'll write it.
Hey, listen.
Forget about mercury.
I keep a lot more.
I keep mine on Uranus.
Huh?
Right?
Going to think?
There's no question.
And one thing you better not ever do when you ask Mercury in Uranus.
This is Neil Rogers' record.
This is 5.16 Q.A.L.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
New for Ringo Records.
Sweet and baby-sing-billy Joel.
Go ahead and change it.
I don't want you here, Mayor.
What's the matter with the change that will have to take them off and make you believe?
Sweet and baby-sing-billy Joel.
I can't touch the house on fire.
Sweet and baby-sing-billy Joel.
It's yours now from Greenville.
The other said Billy Joel on fire sounds like a plan to me.
11.45 Q.A.L.
I'm not going to do it with this flame.
I thought that that other stuff.
Maybe I could get an expectorant.
T.E.
Expect it?
Hot T.E.
Hot T will do it.
I don't think make it with the T-Bat.
I'm tired of that.
I got it.
I got that rub-tie, you know?
You know the herb part.
Carol County, Maryland.
Today, June 6th, 2006,
is it a summer belief represents the symbol of evil?
Maybe that's what's wrong with me.
Maybe I like to have been-
My body's been taken over by a demon.
You're possessed.
Like Reagan, Reagan, by Pazuzu.
And several local jurisdictions find to increase police patrols of high schools
as rumors of Columbiastyle attacks fly across the Internet.
So when you deal with crazy punk kids,
all of these are just the slightest excuse.
You know, all of it.
666, okay, let's kill a bunch of people.
You know, stuff like the riots or anything like that.
Right.
They're just like this crap here with these 17 ragheads, you know?
Rumors of a mass killing plan for today at Liberty High School in Eldersburg, Maryland,
began three weeks ago,
resulting in police presence in each of Carol County's seven high schools,
said superintendent Charles Ecker.
We've taken every rumor, every accusation, every allegation,
seriously, he'd be saying,
we have our teachers and administrators on the lookout for anything that matter, how trivial.
In other words, when in doubt, overreact?
Liberty Principal Florence Oliver said the rumors are baseless,
but the school recently suspended a juvenile male student in Liberty.
For 10 days, saying he was going to bring a gun to school on June 6th.
Maybe for like self-defense, you think?
Maybe.
He made the statement more than once, he said,
serious threats of violence call for a 10-day suspension.
Oliver said she's allowed any students concerned about the existence to stay home today.
And already a few parents have said they don't want their children to attend.
And our Indell County police officers said they planned to heighten patrols of local high schools
while Baltimore County said to wear the threats and will monitor them.
We're monitoring the situation.
Howard County said at school resource officers have not heard the same threats and planned for
a business as usual.
Carol School officials said the specter of the 99 killings of Calabot High School
and Calabot, which most Americans don't give a crap about, by the way,
carried out by two outcast students that made them take any rumors of violence among students, more seriously.
Somebody says I'm going to shoot somebody 10 years ago, we wouldn't have thought about it, that her says.
Rumors about to date June 6th, 2006, marking the day of evil and mass killings,
have spread throughout the country.
As far away from California, as far as North-Israel Island School and police authorities have said
that rumours about attacks planned for today, this is not particularly the school all over.
It's a national thing.
It is truly happening all across the country.
Well, you don't have to worry about it there because the kids are out of school, right?
Even in date, are they? Right.
Well, good. See, you don't have to worry about 666.
Unless, of course, your kid might be the anti-Christ.
In that case, he's probably going to do his evil thing right there in a kitchen.
When you think there's a doubt.
566 705 60, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Kim Bo Camper would, too, talking about it.
And then probably a little WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I like to be with us.
Hey, I'm, hey, I'm actually, Neil.
Hey, Neil, Neil.
Listen to New York, man. He's gone.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, listen, who controls the sound effect?
Is that you or George?
Because during that forward commercial when you hit the oi,
I was drinking juice that almost went across my windscreen.
That was the spot for the other forward.
Yeah. That's me.
I'll take all the blame for that.
There you go. Listen, it's going to sound strange,
but I am calling about hockey because I know you are the most expert on hockey.
Did you check out that game?
Did they admit it in Carolina?
I watched it, yes.
That was a real, I mean, I can't believe that they came back for it.
And your boy Ray Whitney.
I think he had two goals with it.
That is correct.
Yeah, he played really well.
How do you think that goal be?
Let me just play this again.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
There you go.
Here you go.
Him and I have Brindamore scored the...
Now, Brindamore just said, I mean, you know,
they got handed to him there at the end.
I was always tried before I was a sad.
Yeah, I feel so bad for that kid because they don't let the goalies take it.
Yeah.
It was fall to wise.
It was Jason Smith who was supposed to be such a great defenseman.
He's supposed to cover up for that kid goalie right there.
He tosses him a little back pass.
And he's supposed to at least control it or block out Brindamore so they doesn't have the empty net.
And instead, it just gets by him and by the big right in the open net.
I blame Jason Smith, okay?
You know, he was doing one of two things.
And he did the third thing, which is give up the goal.
And I feel really bad because I really think I'm not to see Edmonton win it.
You know, I was waiting for them to, even though I'd like to see Ray Whitney win a Stanley Cup because he's my buddy.
But nevertheless, I'm rooting for him.
And that's probably why they lost.
Exactly.
I am the anti-pray.
Hopefully this goalie can get it together because Edmonton is a team.
They're pretty strong mentally.
Hopefully the goalie can get, I'm worried about the goalie.
Hopefully you can see it.
Okay, listen, don't start with a hockey talk, man.
We'll be out of business.
Okay, we're very close already and you're going to put us right over the edge.
How do you like that?
There's a hockey guy.
And even to a couple of names of the players there.
Oh, no, actually he didn't.
He knew Brindamore.
Well, anybody even Josh knows why Brindamore, don't you?
No.
I know that's not what I was thinking.
You know, Ray Whitney and he scored a pair last night.
How do you like that?
You see that?
The wizard.
Boy, he's looking bad.
Poor Ray.
Such a good kid.
Do you know that his wife, they've been dating since he was 14 years old?
That's terrible.
If he got ahold of him, man.
And she wouldn't let go of her.
She's a sweetheart.
Actually, she, I think she's a bigger fan of mine than he is.
Bridget.
I think I'm a little kid.
They're not too happy.
See, originally he was when he was treated from Detroit to Carolina.
He wasn't too happy about his hate's Carolina.
And I can understand that.
But he might want up on the Stanley Cup, how do you like that?
And I think back to that picture in the heralded Assault and Sennel, Ray Whitney falls in game against the Rangers.
You know, what about, and of course these people aren't even there anymore.
You know, David J. Neil and the other Mike, that fat little puppy, a pudgy, whatever his name was at the Sonsenel.
Mike Russo, they wrote the hockey columns.
Just a couple of shields for the organization.
See, this is the problem in South Florida.
You have so few people that have the balls to say anything.
You know?
Yeah.
Once in a while Dave Hyde will say something or Mike Mayo.
Fred Grimm generally opens up a mouth.
You know, Fred's okay.
But other than that, it's just, you know, just a bunch of suck holes like Barry Jackass.
And that, you know, Jim Sarny, man, you are, I think he could be the antichrist.
I think he's got 666 on his ass.
Don't forget to talk to Hank about it.
Mom, what of this morning, but the hopper, he bailed on us.
You don't have to go catch that plane.
You know, if he's got anything else going on, he's got a root canal.
He's got a plane to catch.
He's got a hot tip and got to call his bookie.
You know, and I don't play him.
I don't pick reds him at all.
More power to him.
I just got a most amusing email from your attorney, Norman Kent.
Yes.
Guess who he's meeting with on Friday.
Joe Bell.
And Joyce.
No.
Claire.
Right, right for two letters.
Joe Bell.
No.
I give up.
Clarence.
Oh, I said Claire.
Oh, I didn't hear that.
Yeah, he thinks that Norm needs to get to know Clarence better.
Okay, you can't hurt him.
I don't think Norm wants to get to know Clarence better.
But he knows.
Maybe they have something coming.
I don't think so.
They both like baseball, don't they?
I can assure you that Clarence ate Norm's type or my type or quite frankly anybody's type.
But nevertheless, I'm sure that'll kill some good time.
I'll hear some great stories about that.
At a boy, Joe, you just don't get it.
Do you?
You just don't get it.
See, because the bees' ladies, Clarence, is evidently a snooker Joyce had a thing that he knows something about his business, which he doesn't.
And so the bees' ladies are just obsessed with him.
Joyce and I cry it over there in Naples.
And so I guess Clarence is like the heir apparent.
You know, he's going to be like the next Greg and maybe hope he's the next Bill Drake at a radio business.
I was watching that CKLW thing yesterday and forgot to mention that.
Bill Drake and Boss Radio.
That's why, remember I mentioned KHJ and LA?
93 KHJ.
It's all he used to say.
And he had the same dynamic jingles from CKLW.
And then Paul Drew was the program director at CKLW once upon a time.
He had that big light in the studio in the control room.
Remember, he's telling you about that?
Yes, he did.
And if he could be, he had a remote control.
It's a true story.
I don't know how the hell he did that though.
How do you do that?
Especially back then.
I don't know that.
But he could press a button and if the big light went on the control room,
if you heard something you didn't like, I mean, you better straighten up your face.
You're going to be fired.
Really?
True story.
He was a real Nazi.
Paul Drew.
But Bill Drake was the one who started that Boss Radio whole thing in KHJ and CKLW, etc.
I'm going to watch that again and again and again.
5670560.
Pound 560 and the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
It's a great 666 main where kicking ass.
I think our own.
How'd you like to be a fly in the wall for that meeting?
I had 167 votes.
Man, we're going to be perilously close to 1,000 any second now.
I'm surprised we don't have like 1,000 more names on it.
Hello?
I mean, there's a lot of dead actors and actresses, but how many that we really like that?
We're really all that good, right?
Right.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I know it.
Okay, sir.
I was the one that talked to you last week about the fan singing,
so stuff.
I got to give you a quick report right now.
I know it's not normal, but I got to do it.
Well, why not?
What do you mean it's not normal?
Well, because you don't often do big reports anymore.
Or we do whenever somebody calls them in.
Okay, so I would be hard to argue with service, man.
Right.
Denver finds in Hollywood.
They're out of the can.
Yeah.
That's me, you know.
It is.
Thank you.
Is this your scholar?
No.
It's not.
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
Who is this?
Who is this?
It's Boomer.
Boomer.
Boomer.
You never remember me.
We used to work together with that Folger bastard at the day before.
Never heard of you.
Well, he just so much for that.
No big deal.
What did you do there?
I was on the air.
Do we what?
Weekends.
That's all Folger would give me.
Oh, then how did I know who you are?
Because you used to come in on the weekends and fiddle around.
Yeah, I never found anybody to fiddle around with.
There was a long guy there back then.
He always had somebody to fiddle around with.
I better not sit on here.
But anyway, go ahead.
Jolingo Road, northbound.
Just after Sheridan, between Sheridan and Berlin.
Okay.
Okay.
There's a feeding friends that go on out.
There's about four or five of them out there.
On their motorcycles.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Boomer.
See you, Rick.
See you on the bill.
Start a bill's ready.
Do you know who that is?
Yeah, I've seen him a couple of times.
Do you have?
Yeah.
And where?
Doing what?
Doing who?
Come by appearances.
But I know that we worked in the same places but never at the same time as far as he and I.
Well, I'll be doing it.
But he knows a lot of the same people.
Hey, sounds just like Jim Scrover.
No.
He knows not.
He didn't sound like a crazy person.
So I would say no.
Why do you think Jim Scrover is a crazy person?
I know that he is.
Now, why do you say that?
I never heard you say that before.
He is.
I thought you knew.
Why would I have to say it?
Have you ever actually...
Have you met Jim Scrover?
Yes.
Okay.
Why would you see he's a crazy person?
Because he is.
Based on.
Based on my experiences with him.
I thought he would be part of me.
In one of the car and in one of the car reminds me of him.
But I know he's a...
He's a...
He's a...
Well, there's one thing to be a spaz.
Most people in this business are a spaz.
So, I wonder if you're not a...
But crazy person?
Really?
Armed, flapping, lunatic.
Wow.
He fits right on the show.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.16Q8.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on Q8L.
When the show we all try to point out.
And said we have a lot of complications.
I tell him right away.
Now, since it's here,
It's good to get your heart out of our show.
This is our 1st animation.
All the spazes, give me a thought.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
You're a...
It's okay.
You're a...
You're a...
It's okay.
It's okay.
You're a...
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
You're a...
Alright.
I knew Bob Yama, he had broider than gold.
And shear it gold.
I wear it everywhere.
I go around the other A.B.A.
To fill out what's the say.
So be true to your show.
That's why I try to smile.
It's for the reaction.
Yeah.
We are your show.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
Yeah.
We are your show.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
Yeah.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
It's for the reaction.
So, come up and walk for the full.
Henry Fonda.
A lot of people are kind of fond of Henry.
Right.
Sure.
You're going to pay him like his daughter all that much.
And one of my very favorites, Lee J. Cobb.
We got those on there now.
We do know.
What if he was kind of Eddie Cobb?
Lee J. Cobb.
Remember that great line in the exercise?
Answer the question, Father Perinoia.
That's right.
I mean, it wasn't a great line.
It just sticks in my mind.
I lied.
It's for me.
Remember that?
Here's a factor one of the most chronic factors, my God.
It says, ever QM listener and chronic factor.
But that is absolutely correct.
But why are they sending this to me?
Why is this guy wasting his time with us?
Let me think you're going to tell somebody about it.
Oh, yeah.
But how many times can we hear from Ira Windbag, Eric Reed, and Tony for Rentino?
Is it really becoming a pondress?
No kidding.
QM chronic.
Look, all of I got to do it at least.
At least, the kiss our ass on the radio that we don't put any of those people on here and never will.
Ira Windbag or Eric Reed who talks to a teen or Tony for Rentino.
The good news for you though is that they'll be on.
Let's see.
Where are they going to be on?
Somewhere was on here.
Where I see it.
Oh, on Friday, 7 o'clock.
Curtis with Eric and Tony at the NBA final.
It's like they're a regular part of the station now.
You know, Eric Reed show and the Randy fund to do the show and the arrow wind to do the bag show, all the stuff.
And that's because our program director is a sports nerd.
Not a radio nerd.
He wouldn't know a radio from his ass.
But a sports nerd, a overgrown child.
President Bush and congressional Republicans are aiming the political spotlight this weekend in active political desperation,
which isn't fool anybody to band game marriage with events that both ends up penciled by Niavano.
Offer a constitutional memo with us.
No, it says a scan chance.
No chance of passage.
But why do people among so social conservative?
In other words, far-bison religious crazy people.
Ages of experience have taught us that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and serve on another promotes the welfare of children of the stability of society.
Bush said this weekly radio address government by recognizing and protecting marriage serves the interests of all.
Many Republicans support the measure because they say traditional marriage strength in society.
Others don't, but can see the reality of a election year politics.
That's what it's all about.
Judiciary Committee chairman Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania said he'll vote against it on the floor,
but allowed it to survive his panel and part to give the Republicans the debate party leaders believe will pay off on election day.
Right. They got to pacify the hate mongers on the far right.
James Dobson in that crowd.
Far-bison.
Specter was chosen a different battle with the Bush administration this week,
a hearing today on the ways that the FBI spies on journalists who published classified information.
As that hearing gets underway, debate on the marriage amendment will end at second day on the center floor.
All but one of the Senate Democrats, the exception is Ben Nelson of Nebraska.
Not Bill Nelson of Florida, Ben Nelson of Nebraska opposed the measure and with moderate Republicans expected to block an upper down vote, killing the measure for the year.
Just another waste of time and yours tax dollars, while it worked.
Democrats say the amendment is a divisive, bowed, religious conservatives and point out that it conflicts with a GOP's opposition to big government and their president.
A vote for this amendment is a vote for bigotry.
Pure and simple said Ted Kennedy, who were the state supreme court legalized gay marriages in 2003 and Massachusetts.
Mayor Gavin Newsom of fan print this go which in 2004 began issuing marriage licenses to get couples.
Monday to announce Bush's move is predictable and still rhetoric aimed at rallying conservatives for this year's midterm elections.
It's politics, it's pandering and it's titaning a core constituency, the evangelicals Newsom said on ABC's Good Morning America.
It's just, you know, and of course the flag burning amendment everybody's whipped up about that, aren't they?
Oh yeah, things that nobody cares about except a bunch of right-winged extremists.
I thought they were going to combine them into a fag burning amendment.
Yeah, the fact it's not flag burning, it's a fag burning.
That's what it is. That's fire to you.
At the state, right, you're already claiming so what's what had hurt?
Nothing like slamming a weird wood stake on the grill on a bobby cube.
It's wrong with that.
How many votes we got on there?
986. So we still need 14,000. Come on, let's get with it. What's wrong with you folks?
Are you liking in neutral now? All of a sudden we were kicking ass here for a while.
I think it's your fault.
Who is your favorite dead actor, actress? Dead.
Marlon Brando 178. Carol O'Connor 136. Pretty good. Yeah, it's not that tight, but at least Carol's on his ass.
John Wayne 98. Jimmy Stewart 92. George C Scott 63. Gregory Schmeck Pek 60.
William Holden 43. Marilyn Monroe 42. Is that a bottle of Williams Holden?
I could be.
Jimmy Kagme 34. Betty Davis 27. Basil Rathbone is a kid I used to call him Razzle Bathbone.
28. 26. John Candy 25. Spencer Tracy 19. Lawrence Olivier 19.
Hey Larry. Ju Ferry. Raymond Verna 19. John Balucci 18. Grace Kelly 17.
Jack Lemon 13. Orson 12. Peter Finch 10. Joan Crawford 8. By the way, Carrie Grant was not only in North by Northwest,
also the case of thief. And I think Audrey Hepburn was in it.
Okay. Okay. Well, that's your word for it. Orson was 12. Peter Finch 10. Joan Crawford 8.
With or without the shoulder pads. Tony Perkins stuck on a Carrie Grant 5. Sterling Hayden 5. Makroski.
And Bankrock 4. Audrey Hepburn 4. Lee J. Cobb just went on her. Got one Henry Fond.
I don't have any. That's because they hold the Jain thing against him.
It's like must be 97. They're pouring in by the ones now.
Better take a lot more calls. Okay. They're getting tired of my scratchy voice today. They're like getting burned out.
Plus we haven't had Eric Read on yet. Or 24. You know who's the other one?
Oh, I were windbarned. Yeah. And Randy Puffer.
But Puffer Fund. Be a lot of Puffer Fund. They have him on there.
We could probably change the call of his at the radio station with Randy Fond.
Maybe they'll discuss that at the meeting at the big meeting on Friday.
WDQAM. Hello. WDQAM. Hello. QAM.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Well. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. We carried a gesture of applause. This is well done.
Okay, sir
This is my worst problem. You sound great
I was surprised
Showed how folding the argument of this administration is they did it without the patriot act without NSA wiretapping
And they took them to a judge
You know, so everything they're doing here is wrong and they did it right without all the stuff that you know all the snooping and all the stuff
Right
That's a problem. Her mind hearing would be proud man
Oh, yeah
I'm very good at you. Bye bye
Ciao, go Spadania, Toxins, Dewey
I bet you they still have tools on the tomisee Dewey, through way, so I say Dewey to that or Fouy
I think what I really need to do is get like a condo in Niagara Falls, New York
Okay, there you go. Sell my house in Florida. What?
No, that's a good idea. Get a little condo down there
Because I don't want to make anybody like a steptrot, you know, right?
And and then just get a little pad in Niagara Falls, New York and it like every a few weekends
Although I don't know how much of a hassle it is crossing the border especially now
Although I don't like a terrorist, you know, you do
But at least I got it when I pass a port though. I got it in me, you'll pass a port though
So you just have to get examined every once in a while when you go across the border
What do you mean by that? Well, you know, they take that flashlight, you know, where they stick it though
Oh, I know they look in your photo. Yeah, to see if you're hiding any like weapons. I won't even nitrate
You should say, hey, hiding both of them in your photo, you know, maybe like a pipe bomb on a bomba grande
In my fat ass. I don't think so. Although it's worth the other way around though
I've dropped many when a bomba grande is from that fat, but that's the mystery
I don't want to get it that especially in the middle of lunch hour
And Joyce and Clarence both get grossed out by that fart talk, you know
I don't think Clarence has ever farted, you know, I don't think he has enough emotion in his pathetic scrawny body to fart
You know, I mean he just he's like, you know, in fact one of the most nauseating things the last time I was down
It's why I stopped coming back there last time I was there he came in the studio and started adjusting his package
You remember that? No, I don't. Oh, yeah, remember you talking about it, but I know
I wanted to run out of there. I thought it was like a message he was sending me, you know
Believe me you're barking up the wrong tree sweetie stick with Robert, okay?
1213 at 560 WTQAM if you're a cigar smoker speak in a blow and smoke and you like to kick back with a good premium Stogi then
But he is cigar is vitality verhani is exactly what you'd be looking for these hard to find Stogi's are made with first grade tobacco
Processed and aged up to 10 years, but he is a real boutique cigar maker
They specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco, but he a gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by a cigar fish and an other cigar and
Cedar and 9.1 by smoke magazine this rich flavor and well balanced full body Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate
Spice and pepper flavors also be sure and try to be here to say it's the hottest release cigar in last 10 months
It's so hot it'll probably bring your guts out gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fish and other cigar and cedar
It's a powerful cigar like I said tear your kisky's the pieces with complex notes of leather earth and pepper
The finishes long and full body with initial spice at a no to try wood and if you want to save a ton of cash
You want to save 40% off on all your be here cigars when you call just mentioning a rajas and what they'll be might be impressed and save you a lot of cash
40% call them toll free and let up your stogi's pretty damn soon call 1 800 35 by here that's 1 800 3 5 B a H i a
This is Neil Rogers who could predict this is 5 6 2 a
Let's up you some more Christmas make it and scream nice and loud get me some was an
Oh I don't care if they from my rack to use you to the torture because they're just playing their game in the past
It had to be worse with the dumb who say
I know some of the time a lot more than those they say their weapons of mass destruction
I said a couple mega terms bomb you run out
Till they're not left to see
I'm here up till 7 6 B D
I'm here up blow up the creed
I'm here up
And then smile
and come up over there
for land
We're gonna be wet, we're gonna be cold,
It's one of the stands for research.
I'll hear it, I'm brave and to an end.
I'll be right, I'm going up again.
I'll hear it, I'm on CNN.
I'm here, I'm here.
I'm here, I'm here.
I was picking up 666, I finally just figured out.
You know who the evil 6R?
You want the answer?
I do.
ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, CNN, and MSNBC.
What are the beastlies fit in there?
Oh, they're in another category by themselves.
They're up on the tree.
That's the evil 6R right there.
They're the ones responsible for all the bad stuff
that's been a lot of going on in the world.
Even like the religion crap, you know?
Like you notice how they jump all over that
the Vinci code like Stink on Cryo.
Wow.
Oh look at that, followers of Supercision Warrior of Tuesdays.
I'm going to be synonymous with the devil.
No, I'm a movie.
Talk about ponderous, kind of a voice of zazz.
Yeah, absolutely.
All right, so new mother, Carrie McFarland,
had her labor-induced last Sunday.
They've been so excited to have the devilish birthday.
We weren't completely concerned that the day...
Oh, I see so another Zane.
Doos Labor to make sure wouldn't be worn today.
Good moves, sweetheart, because we'd come there and we'd kill like-in.
Wouldn't you?
Yes, we would.
Any baby that's worn today, we're killing it.
No, I mean, no, we don't want to carry to an extreme,
but we will if we have to.
So either like, you should have induced labor ahead of time
earlier, it's too late now, or like postponement until like after midnight.
Remember that song, after midnight?
Who did that?
Eric Clapton.
Oh, Eric Clapton did that's right.
You know what else Eric Clapton did?
No, I know.
Oh, no.
Let's not lose touch with the audience again.
So we can't afford to lose touch now.
We don't have much audience left.
No, no, no, no, no.
Play that again.
You got that interview.
I got that, I guess I got it.
If you got it, huh?
Yeah.
Now what's the story on this latest disc I'm getting?
When's that coming?
You should have it right, Ted Airdmorrow.
Wow, that'll have the other 70s collection.
Oh my God.
And the other 70s.
I got that, I got my iPod and then like probably this
one.
I got this one.
That's like the other one.
That's like the other one.
That's like the other one.
That's like the other one.
That's like the other one.
Yeah, I got my, my doctor's for off the cockers.
My pants that I wear for the guy that's worried about my wardrobe.
And then I'm going to get my docking station.
You can't get much younger and hip or than that.
That's right.
Each your hard-octane libass too.
Oh, but they're younger and hip or over there.
Ha, they are.
They're just telling us.
Yeah, they got a younger and hip or one share, you know.
I mean, who?
I get it.
I'm just choked up thinking about it.
How stupid it is.
They keep trying to talk, you know, talk to talk but they can't walk the walk.
You know, anybody can talk to talk.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
I'm just talking to people.
The boy or main and the care of FDF, Florida Paramedic Children's Family,
still child protective hearing is conducted today in Broward County,
and official decided to give me turn home with LaKeta.
Just be don't be taken into no chucky cheese, leave them behind again, LaKeta.
Just be don't be taken into no chucky cheese, leave them behind again, LaKeta.
My God, are we going to lock you up with Beretta?
My God, are we going to lock you up with Beretta?
And by the way, Beretta, into kind of guy, you want to be locked up to a close with?
You know what I'm saying?
What?
He's got a temperate at Beretta.
Well, I'm not going to try to try to with pregnancy, so I think I'm safe.
We got way over a thousand votes.
I forgot to mention it.
In the year of 2023, so we're safe for another day.
It's not even 1230, and we got over a thousand votes.
Aren't you impressed tremendously?
Immediately.
My next thing just has a dynamic impact on you guys next paycheck.
By the way, payday is this Friday.
I just thought I mentioned it has the ninth Saturdays on the tenth, so payday is this Friday.
Friday, but who's listening?
People I'm not speaking to?
I just passed out along the Deb in County.
Because we're not speaking to the other ones.
I sure hope Norma has a good time.
You know, it's how he kind of like does his own thing, Norma?
No, it didn't.
He sets up these meetings.
I have no idea what that's all about.
You know what?
He's got no ammunition because he doesn't speak to me.
I don't want to talk to him anyway.
Go pick up some of our runaways, Norma.
Okay, bring them to the meeting.
Speaking of that, speaking of runaways, if you think you have termites in your home,
infesting and infecting, call our good friends at Riddet Pest Control.
They'll give you a free termite inspection before they start through the damage
in junior house to bits.
Riddet Pest Control uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites
and termite eggs on a percent of contact.
They're gone faster than you can say that clearance is a doofus.
If you have termites as the best possible way to get rid of them, you don't have to
tend your house to make your neighbor hidden away.
Barterman Bailey atmosphere.
It's grotesque.
It's embarrassing.
Don't have to worry about poison as gas.
No moving out or staying in hotels or motels.
No worry about your food and pests or your health.
Because the folks at Riddet Pest Control treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're untreating your property, the only thing they leave behind is the clean
scent of oranges for just a few days and a termite-free situation.
It's true if you have a termite problem call the folks at Riddet Pest Control right now
and find out about the amazing orange oil.
In fact, were they just at your house yesterday?
Yes, they were.
And what did they do?
They did an inspection and said, oh, you got sourced.
Did they?
Yeah.
So if we're going to have to just set your house on fire and forget about it.
Are they going to smear it?
They're going to do something.
Oh, more.
Find out about the amazing orange oil treatment that goes to termites and they raise out of percent on contact.
No tenting, no BS, no kidding.
Call right now for a fee, no obligation inspection, especially right now, at the beginning of termite and hurricane season.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
No obligation.
1-800-447-4348.
When you call, be sure and tell them, Todd Dretto, the colonel, sent out a search party.
1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Roger, what's the quality?
This is 5.69 million.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time.
Let me get out of the cool here.
There's a number one rated in Moe Hallett and David and his children.
At least according to my aspirations.
They are away from it.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're about, hello.
Yes, I want your take on J.P. Durant.
Oh, J.P. Durant.
Is that great, Cordoba?
Can a good joke.
I like J.P. Durant.
Well, in that dimension, he's got extraordinary, never-least smooth pit pups.
Oh, yeah.
You've got to be careful with your safety.
Oh, please, though.
Thank you more.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
It'll go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Oh, look at that.
How about this?
How's the weather down there in the mirror, ma'am?
I'm going down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, oh, wait.
By the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I told you what.
I'll hold you over the break.
How's that, eh?
I'll give you one of my old pan-teachers.
How's that?
By the way, too.
That was the only color we had.
If they use them, you know this is growing again.
It's growing, it's growing, it's growing.
It's growing, it's growing, it's growing.
It's growing, it's growing, it's growing.
It's growing, it's growing, it's growing.
It's growing, it's growing.
It's growing, it's growing.
You got things with me.
On your nose and on your face.
And around those golden pimples.
You fall high.
I got things with you.
You go look at that.
You're on your feet.
A road map of chipped-to-land bees.
You got your happy sun.
Way to die, die, die, die, die.
I know it's glow when something stays.
Almost every day I be.
There are my veins until they start to tickle.
I am annoyed and tortured, or annoyed.
Yeah, I'd go like the cornerback.
And because I'm afraid they'll find.
And they know that it's true.
With white gold veins.
Yeah, they know that it's true.
And they know that it's true.
And I just don't know where we should go.
I know that we're leaving white gold veins.
But don't go, don't go.
Don't go, don't go.
I'm going to go up three.
White gold.
435 at 5.
60.
We got both campers coming up at 2 o'clock.
And we got mad dog.
Three cell hours.
No ball in game to save.
They played the lead again.
It better be better in last night.
It's going to be embarrassing.
It's going to be very hit one last night.
It's a hit one last night.
716.
No, 717.
16.
16.
I don't know.
Why are you keeping track?
He'll ever make 755.
No chance.
You think he's going to make 755?
I think he's going to live that long.
I think if he goes to like the AL and the comfort D8, he can.
Oh, in other words, another way to get around.
Another way for a full-new record.
Is that what you're suggesting?
Yeah, that's a big one.
It goes right with the territory.
Henry Irrin was never in the American league.
You never go out on the desert in the hitter.
You know that?
I do.
What does that mean?
It just means he didn't have to like, phone me up a record.
When the Bade played, obviously, there was no D8.
Oh, so if you're a D8, can you put up those numbers?
It's phone.
It's just another way to get in the lineup against a bunch of little league pictures in the American league.
That's all.
Against Kansas City.
Oh, my.
Kansas City is worse than the Marlins or Pittsburgh, which is saying a lot.
How about those Carolina Hurricanes?
Pretty depressing.
I last googled.
But I just turned my life upside down.
I was not too happy with that.
I mean, you know, you're like 40 seconds away from overtime and you give up a greasy goal at the end of the game and lose it.
And watching all the Miyahos, the most picking red necks in the stands in Carolina, what had made me sick?
God, you think South Florida is really a bad sports team.
By the way, I started to mention before about Jim Sarni.
And I would've talked about the Humper, but he's long gone.
Don't let me forget tomorrow if we do a crossover.
If that works from the Belmont.
Oh, well, please.
But the Sarni column that I'm glad somebody sent that in the yesterday because even though the Sun sent a website is starting to work a little bit better for me.
If you want to get to a certain article, it's like their websites are all messed up.
And he writes this stupid ass article about basically trying to say what a great sports area South Florida is.
And he's talking about stuff from the distant past like the Dolphins for Super Bowl.
First of all, the dolphins didn't win for Super Bowl.
They won two of them back to back.
72 and 73.
Am I correct about that?
Yes, you are.
Yes.
Well, that's like 30 some years ago.
You know, maybe like everybody saying, hey, how about the leaf organization?
Well, last time they won a Stanley Cup was like in 1967 before Moses was a baby.
That's like almost 40 years ago.
The organization sucks.
And then he goes on about the Panthers in the Earth Stanley Cup.
I left with 10 years ago.
10 years ago with the rats.
And not because the heat finally made it to the finals for the first time in history of the franchise.
And I write away South Florida's great sports time.
You're so full of it, Sarny.
This is the same Dolphin team that has to get one of the TV channels to buy the tickets.
So that's some of the regular season games don't get blacked out.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
Yes.
I just mentioned that in passing.
That's what a great sports sound is.
The same place where they all, yeah, the Marlins did win a World Series twice.
Yes.
And then both times right after they won a World Series, they had like a fire sale.
And they just spat right in the fan space.
You know what they did?
Different owners, but same result, same spittle.
So Sarny, you need some serious mental health, man.
You're living in a dream world.
And I hope that you and Evan Cohen have a wonderful life together.
56670560, Tom 560 and Lee Verizon, Singer, whatever it is, wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Who's it, Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
I'll try to say Hank Aaron did play in the American League as a DH for the Milwaukee Brewers.
That's correct.
Okay.
That's all.
Thanks.
Great job, buddy.
Alright, thank you.
Oh, he must be tainted then.
He is.
It's a tainted record.
He, I'll tell you one thing, he tainted no babe Ruth.
He's right.
He played for the Milwaukee Brewers, the end of his career as a DH.
So that's cheating is what it is.
And Dave Ruth never did no DH.
Although he was a pitcher for a great pitcher, too, you didn't know that.
Yeah, I did know that.
For the red sauce.
Yeah, I definitely didn't know that.
Well, there you go.
How many games did Barry Barnes win?
What?
Did you see Barry Barnes pitching?
Let's not.
I couldn't see Barry Barnes pitching because he couldn't get his arm over his ass because
his ass weighs about 600 pounds because he's a big tub of steroid driven lard is what he
is.
Makes me sick.
I would go along with you if I thought, you know, I'm not necessarily jumping on the bandwagon,
but in this case, I'll make an exception.
Roger Mariston, there was a guy.
Roger.
And you know something the fans hated him, too.
You want to know why?
Because they were jealous.
I loved Mickey Madel as a kid growing up.
He was my hero or one of them.
Although my favorite Yankee player was Hank Bauer, the Marine man.
He was great.
But Mickey Madel was great and they resented the fact that Roger Marist hit the 61 homeruns.
Yes, they did.
They hated that.
The number 861?
Huh?
Did you ever see 61?
I heard it on the radio.
No, I mean, I heard movie.
Oh no.
But I actually heard it live on the radio when he hit it.
See, before you were born by many years.
I'm sure.
And Red Barber said, it's in.
Why?
What does that mean, Red?
You check ass.
You will fool you.
It's in.
And then Resuto was called yet on the radio.
And of course, he went ballistic.
You know, the scooter.
There's another crap announcer for the scooter.
He could announce his way out of a paper sack.
Kara puts a coffee out.
I'm coming home.
Good.
Leave now, Phil.
It's only the second inning we can leave now.
Just get out.
I'm going to tell you, man, that organization they had Mel Allen, Red Barber and Jim Woods.
That may have been the greatest threesome broadcasting sporting event in the history of sports.
And CBS bought the team in 1963 and they fired everybody.
And they put on Jerry Coleman, Phil Rosudo and Joe Dajoyola, three dumb ex-jocks.
One of the greatest graces in history.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
At that point in my life, I said, I've been a Yankee fan.
All my childhood, I said, you can take your Yankees and show them.
The only time I ever rooted against them was in 60 when a Pirates beat them in the World Series,
because I was also a Pirates fan, the National League.
And the Yankees have won so many World Series as I thought, well, I'm going to root for the Pirates
and luckily, Mazoroski, if I'm running the bottom of the 10th inning, which I'm sure you know,
in Forbes field.
And Yankee and the Pirates won the Series.
Remember that?
Yes.
How Smith, if that pinch head tree run homer?
To put the Pirates head 7 to 6, then I think I don't forget the Yankee side of that 7-7.
And the bottom of the 10th inning, Chuck Thompson was doing a game on TV,
who was a great announcer he did now, Chuck Thompson.
And he said, art did Marth Rose, and it was not art did Mar was Ralph Terry.
And that lives in infamy forever.
Chuck Thompson had to take that mistake to his grave, even though he was a great announcer, he made a mistake.
Art did Marth Rose, it wasn't art did Mar, you know, how do I remember that?
That was like 46 years ago, man.
A lot of before many of you were born, and it's emblazoned in my mind.
And George is like picking his nose and wondering, what is this man talking about?
Okay.
It's about the me, Bill.
That's great.
Good.
You remember Chuck Thompson?
Who?
No, you don't.
Great announcer.
Capital Hill Blues, Washington, Senators, Doug Thompson from Capital Hill Blue.com.
That's correct.
Love his work.
1242 at 560 WQA, and the summer season is fast approaching, which means it must be close to 5 a day.
And you know what?
It is.
A couple weeks from Sunday.
Coming up Sunday June 18, we all know what dads like to do on a big day.
And maybe also beside that, they like to eat.
It's time to call a melting pot.
Make your reservation for Father's Day.
The melting pot is a fond new restaurant.
In addition to their famous cheese and chocolates, they serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours.
And there's nothing like some serious meats.
Hardy entrees from Santa Cutsville, Aminiana, Black and Trim, Teriyaki, Sourlo, and pork, lobster, and lots more.
Man, it is, it's a fabulous, incredible experience at the melting pot.
Dad will love spending Father's Day at the pot.
The melting pot definitely serves some serious food.
In fact, we got a bit called at the pot.
I don't think I can play it, though.
Can I do more to...
Oh, yeah, he's starting.
That's enough.
Take it from me.
Nobody leaves the pot.
Hungry.
You'll walk out there, waddling out with a big smile on your full face.
They have an award-winning line.
Well, line, line list to boot.
And don't forget the melting pot.
How about line time with Bud Foster?
And don't forget the melting pot's famous desserts guaranteed to put a big smile on dad's face.
So make that call today and invite dad to dip into something different and delicious at a melting pot restaurant near you.
He'll be mighty pleased, I guarantee you that.
A full four-course gift for dad from you.
Be sure and tell him that Neil sends you by when you call and make your reservations at the melting pot in Kindle or Cooper City,
or North Miami Beach or Boca, or for Lauderdale or most prestigious Coral Springs.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
In Florida.
B.B.
Rock my full four-course.
Absolutely.
Who injectors steroids in my form?
Very bomb.
Rack them.
Very bomb.
What is the answer?
That very bomb.
He may fool someone, but he ain't fooling me.
Why is everybody trying to drug kiss me?
Who's always taking all the juice?
Who's always acting so elusive?
Who throws your borders through the roof?
Very...
Who me?
Yeah you.
Very bomb.
Very bomb.
What's going on?
With very bomb.
From sports he'll be straight in right to the template.
Why is everybody saying I'd take roads?
Let's see I'm looking at baby roots like time stats.
He had the first few home runs of his career with a Boston Red Sox.
I do like that when he was also a pitching.
What happened to Josh?
Oh I'm right here.
Oh four home runs in 15.
He almost 1916.
And then at the 11th and 1918.
And a whopping 29 in 1919.
I got traded in the Yankees.
The last year of his career with a Boston Braves of the National League.
He had six.
Of course not as the DH because there was no DH.
He was great Aaron.
I think it was important.
He was great man.
He was the second best ever.
Henry Aaron in 1975.
He had 12 home runs for the Milwaukee Brewers.
In 1976 he had 10.
I did all my research, my homework during the break.
So that means he had 22 tainted home runs as a DH.
So it tainted 755.
It's 733 as a number that very's got to be.
But if he does go to the American League and become a DH.
So we start subtracting instead of adding.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So we done like 600 volumes.
Contacts major league baseball tone.
I don't really get.
I don't care unless you think I really care.
You think this is one of the pressing issues on my mind in my life.
Is whether Barry bonds it's 756 home runs, 899 home runs, 55,000 home runs.
He's still full of crap.
Now here's a good guy.
And you know something it doesn't.
Let's see.
Henry I just got through Sanis.
Say to yourself.
There's a fact.
Hank Henry did play with a Milwaukee Brewers in America Lee in 1975.
I'm 60 and a total of 20.
I know I just said that.
Before the facts came out, I did my homework, Mon.
And you're right.
Oh, Humphrey Bogart kicks all ass.
It says, how come you ain't on our list?
Audrey Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart and the African Queen, the Johnny Manta story.
Go to the level.
Got it.
Humphrey Bogart.
PSL of your CD.
Oh, you're the one.
Thank you very much.
And thanks to the guy that's straightening me out on the Henry Irwin money.
And you want to know the significance of why he went back to Milwaukee and played with
the Brewers two seasons?
Not really dope.
Well, why not?
Before the Braves went in Atlanta, where did they play?
Milwaukee?
Correct.
See, but you know that.
Even Josh knew the Milwaukee Braves.
How about people feeding the lines?
Eddie Matthews and all these guys.
Yes.
So Edcock?
Who else played for the Milwaukee Braves?
Henry Irwin.
Like I just said.
Well, that's bad that I can't think back to Adele Crandell was the catcher.
Wow, what a memory.
Holy cow.
Who were the umpires back then?
Al Barlek.
He was an American league.
When I was a kid, when I really was following baseball, I knew who all the umpires were.
Why is that such a big deal to you?
I just, I don't know.
I mean, I worked with the Marlins for four years.
I could probably name you two umpires.
It's just not really something.
Well, that's pretty sad.
That's a pretty sad thing.
You know, Joe West.
Yeah.
Joe West, young man.
I know.
Lazz Diaz.
I don't know who that is.
See, that's what we see all the umpires is because it's all watered down.
You know, all he done is telly?
I don't.
No.
He's dead.
Uh, Jaco Conlon.
Dead.
Can I get on with this?
Nobody cares about this crap.
Here's a good, and there's no name on this.
It's on the um, CNN website.
Why mess with the Omen?
This is great.
All remakes aren't needless, but this updated the Omen is especially so it says.
I'm going to save you folks some money again.
Not only was there nothing wrong with the 76 horror classic in which the Antichrist Weeks have a gun earth and as an innocent looking five year old boy, but the original stands is one of the most frightening movies ever.
It's so ingrained in our pop culture.
All you have to do is say the name Damien and everyone in St. Louis you're talking about a demonic child.
Watch Pharaoh say why the Omen is better than the original.
It's got a, uh, thing on here.
A link.
So why mess with it?
30 years later, the makers of the Omen barely have.
They're exceedingly faithful to the original too much actually including have an Omen screenwriter David Selzer returned a tweak his own script.
David Selzer, like his brother Alka.
Nelky?
What if he's kin to Alky's summer?
It's not a shot for a shot remake like Gus Madzans pointless psycho from 98, but it's close.
The structure, character setting events, giant chunks of dialogue all the same.
What can only assume the intention was to appease the purist, but in doing so, John Moore has breed no new life into the material.
Tiny changes here and there inevitably contemporize the film.
It takes place in the modern days so the characters have cell phones.
Oh God.
What would Jesus do if he had a cell phone?
Probably call somebody.
When junior styles fell in for Lee Remick as Damien's unsuspecting mother, begins to think there's something wrong with her child.
She immediately goes into therapy and leaves Schreiber standing in for Gregory Peck as the father was surreptitiously brings the demon spawn into their lives, cries way more than Peck ever would have dreamed.
Peck's Robert Thoreng choked up a little way and learned his wife had died, but mostly held it together.
Here as troubles Mount Schreiber is wiping away tears half the time.
It's the sensitive man remake of the Omen.
But in the most feeble effort in modernizing the material, this Omen vaguely attempts to be politically relevant.
A montage of photos at the start suggests that the devil is everywhere all the time on 9-11 at Abu Ghraht.
Abu Ghraht and we just don't know it.
Well if God can be everywhere, why can't the devil be everywhere, right?
It makes just as much sense to me. It's just stupid.
The visit to an ancient biblical city toward the end of the film features flashes of flags both Israeli and Palestinian such references feel tossed in.
More importantly though, it isn't even scary.
It's so similar to the original that we already know what's coming.
And because it is so closely only serves as a reminder of the superiority of Richard Donner's original.
And don't forget Blutson and the other ones.
Donner Blutson, Donner Blutson.
How about Ralph Donner? You don't know what you got to do.
Robert and Ambassador Romagre used to take a newborn whose mother was died during childbirth because his own newborn is dead.
Unbeknownst to wife Kate.
Kathy.
The unjustifies the names he tells himself and decides that Kate is taken in boy instantly.
Ralph Donner is dead.
Flash forward five years as Robert moves his family to London.
Sood the nanny hangs yourself in front of dozens of shocked guests at Damien's birthday party.
And even says the same thing beforehand is the nanny in the original.
A creepy priest peeped Possilthweight, stalks Robert with warnings that the boys that have a son in talk of Armageddon.
A photographer David Thuel with Thuel Lice, Thuelis notices Erie Shadows in a series of pictures that end up being pressioned.
You know, the one thing about that is where did the photographer, how did he ever get like hooked up with that priest?
Why was he following him around?
Oh, he never know.
And from there, you know the rest of the story, as Paul Harvey would say, the rest of the story, death destruction may him.
All of which Damien delivers with a gleam in his eye as Marlon is poised.
No offense to young, Shaman's David Fitzpatrick in his first film role, but the original name and Harvey Stevens accomplished more, would less to say.
Having said all that, there are some solid performances here.
Shriver is as versatile and esteemed an actress he could wish for.
And he certainly carries himself with enough gravitas for the role.
Stales, meanwhile, always exudes a maturity beyond her ears, but looks too young here.
The 13-year-old age difference between her and Shriver feels more like a chasm.
Thank heaven for me, a Pharaoh, the Rosemary Babystar returned to supernatural territory, is the satanic decevile center protect aiming by posing as a replacement nanny.
This is a very instance of the new Omen improving on the Omen.
I don't believe that.
You can't improve on the old one.
Instead of oozing medicine, doomed from the seconds he appears on the screen as the predecessor did, Pharaoh's all fear heard sweetness in life with that girlish voice angelic present.
That's not what you want.
It's the scariest part of the whole movie it says.
Well, in that case.
The Omen of 20th Century Fox release rated R for disturbing, but yeah, R for disturbing that they remade it.
That's just and talk about disturbing.
And the next step is for the house and the senate to reconcile as difference.
Yeah, there you go.
That's disturbing.
Okay, take a look at him.
I forgot.
Oh, my God.
I get disturbed just seeing him on there.
Makes me wonder.
You know something.
All you people that voted for him, you all arrested the world in apology.
Not just me and not this direct of America.
You're the whole world in apology.
The free world and not so free world and everybody else, including all the dead people.
You own apology, right?
Absolutely.
I mean, absolutely.
Christ.
And those of you that still support this butcher, this lunatic, this demonic lunatic here on 666,
you people ought to be like a tart and feathered is what you ought to be because you're dangerous.
You're like him, DD, double the dumb and dangerous.
How many votes we got on the poll by the way?
1100, you think?
1077.
Well, I got top 1100, easy, easy.
Who is your favorite dead or actor actress?
Marlon Brando, one of the five curler, kind of 143.
John Wayne 103, Jimmy Stewart 95, and small potatoes after that.
I don't want to read the whole list.
557 at 560, WQM, boldly on Kimbo Campar, to this afternoon, our revolving dough between two and four.
It's the sixth at June.
And we still got a revolving dough from two to four.
And it's just, this is one of the great scandals in the history of radio.
You know that CKW thing about the history of CKW, the rise and fall, right?
This is one of the greatest scandals that makes payola and makes the in-new name it, payola to win significance.
These people are like in suspended animation, like Larry King, frozen.
Can't make a move.
They're like a constipated guy at a chess board who's just going to sit there for eternity.
You know what I mean?
Who's like petrified as in the petrified forest.
They haven't taught you for years to call 1-800-Makras when if you need a bed, don't be scared to do an edit.
It's the easiest, the smartest piece of shopping you could be doing.
They can deliver within a two-hour window. They have knowledgeable bedding consultants and lots more.
If you have thought-diling 1-800-Makras on the phone was easy, check out their website, mattress.com.
That's a piece of cake.
Shop on the web anytime.
They ornite with product details, prices, and photos.
You can check out online or call the place order and schedule delivery when it's convenient for you.
Get factory-direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during their so-called big sales.
Plus, you also get 12-month financing too. What's not the like?
God, a mattress has the complete line of seely.
I'm sure the King Coral Simmons Tempority Steerings of bananas foster.
When you call 1-800-Makras, you'll get low unbeatable prices on the best brands.
You can't beat him with a stick.
The rank number one in the world, the customer satisfaction.
I've used him for years in guarantee you love him as much as I do.
So the next time your old mattress is worn out and just headed, if you want a great deal all the way around,
just sit there on your ass instead of wasting gas.
Call 1-800-Makras.
1-800-Makras.
ESL leave off the last ass because it stands for Savings dummy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Without it, it just got burned down.
And when I'm up in Belkettica, slapping all women with paint and lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers hair and balance one to two hours.
Well, well, well, well.
What a hell!
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you're going to be.
They then went to his brother's house, dragged him into the street,
arrested him and took away.
It took him away.
A little while later, a boss's brother heard gunfire outside the village.
Waking up at the crack of Donnie, rushed to the police department
who reported his brother missing, a boss told ABC News that the place
informed him that a body had been dropped off earlier by the Americans
and that he should go have a look and date it was his brother.
Later that day, Marines came to the family home and dropped off the incident report.
ABC News obtained a copy of the death report, which is written in Arabic on one side,
English on the other.
We spotted a man digging on the side of the road from our ambush
that it reads the statement.
I made the call and then engaged.
He was pronounced dead at the scene with only a shovel and an AK-47
acquired the statement.
Sergeant Lawrence Hutchins with another Marine acting as a witness
on the death report.
Aval rains could face murdered charges in the death of a boss
and other charges were possibly attempting to cover up the killing.
Residents told ABC News over the weekend that a Marine sergeant had lied
on an official report about the death of a civilian.
St. Amanda appeared to be planting a bomb,
but several Marines have confessed to dragging the man from his house,
shooting him and putting a shovel in weapon nest to his body to make it look like he was a terrorist,
an insurgent, an evil doer.
I do like that.
Your government and nation again, baby, Zine America, man.
You can have it.
The Bush America.
It's enough to make you want to find somebody coming back coming into our country.
Puked.
Yeah, go go back to wherever you came from.
Okay, go to where you're in this.
W. You jackass.
I'll get him in a just, you know, the fact that he stole two elections
and nobody is making a big stimulus about that.
It's a Bobby Kennedy Jr.
And he's busy trying to bail his cousin out.
Isn't that his kissing cousin?
Is that what they're doing?
Of course, it's his cousin, man.
If Patrick Kennedy is Ted Sun, right?
Well, they know they were kissing.
And Bobby Kennedy Jr. is Bobby's son and her cousins, what seemed to me?
Well, maybe they are, maybe they're not.
I don't know what they're doing.
Who cares? They're both pretty ugly.
1093 votes on the pool.
Can't both camp a Marine can be taken to a cell?
Yeah, sports pool at two o'clock.
He's going to be digging right out of that check stuff, you know,
into the heat neat, the white heat, white hot, whatever it is.
I was going to lie.
Can I do that to Lou Dobbs thing one second?
I think you should.
I've got to find it.
Since I missed it last night.
I want to find that pool you took on a show last night.
Since you're a big Lou Dobbs fan now.
Thanks to you.
Here it is.
Which of these national issues you believe is most pressing right now?
Most important.
Game marriage, illegal immigration, war in Iraq, border security, public education or health care.
I'm going to vote for war in Iraq, even though I already voted on this yesterday,
but just to get that number is up.
Oh, look at that.
17,000 security team votes a little bit more than we got.
Game marriage has got 192 votes, 1%.
1%.
Yeah.
It's a pretty big deal.
Legal immigration, 33%.
War in Iraq, 29%.
Those are one and two.
Border security is third, 24%.
Public education only 2%, which is pretty embarrassing.
Health care 11%, and game marriage is last, 1%.
That's why they're wasting all your tax dollars all this time, debating about a constitutional amendment that had no chance in the first place, and is never going to pass anyway.
And then they'll do the thing on the flag burning, and there will be a Hillary who will be there joining in again, trying to be like a centrist, whatever hell she is, pony baloney.
In fact, here's the story.
President Bush unexpectedly yanked a press event on the federal marriage amendment from the White House Rose Garden and placed it inside the old executive office building without explanation seen in the report yesterday.
It was supposed to be outside in the Rose Garden, and he saw him veris by it, yanked.
And the press event too.
After giving a prepared statement, the president did not take any questions and said, walk off the podium.
In other game marriage news, MSNBC's conservative host Joe Scarborough, a real bubblehead said Monday, that most conservatives know that Bush is pandering on game marriage.
The amendment doesn't have enough votes to pass the Senate, not even close.
Everybody knows from the left, from the right, from the middle, from your back home, everywhere.
They all know.
Political pandering and just stirring up the hate mongers on the far religious right.
And of course that all I was going to do is piss off more people.
These people have gone from being so politically clever and coy and stealing election stuff like that, to being so inept at everything they do.
But at least they're consistent, you know?
Everything they do is, everything they touch is like the minus touch in reverse turns to pure manure.
And there's nothing better than pure manure.
It's built good too.
Now talking about your country trying to dictate to the rest of the world just like they're giving Canada crap about the marijuana laws, you know, and about everything else.
Yeah, this is right in line. You're just like the Dutch.
You've always been given the Netherlands a hard time about, wow, your lacks laws on prostitution and drugs, you know?
I say, Nanya, you know, none of your business.
That's what I would tell you.
My your own business. Take care of your own house.
The United States War key ally Germany yesterday that it should do more to stop a tide of sex workers arriving for this month's soccer world cup and accused 12 nations of failing to do enough to stop the modern day slave trade in prostitutes, child sex workers and forced laborers.
The US government opposes prostitution, which is legal in Germany, a state department department, global human trafficking.
These activities are inherently harmful and dehumanizing.
It's got a picture here of the red light district in Hamburg and says prostitution is legal in Germany.
A US congressman and other anti-trafficking advocates estimate that thousands of foreign women, many from Eastern Europe, like Romania, by the way,
they fought into sex work during the four-week tournament that begins June 9th.
At a briefing, Secretary St. Condoleez denounced the sorted trade in human beings and said the fact that if there's anything sorted, she ought to look in the mirror of that pitch.
If she's a sorted look in his anything ever seen, you know what?
She said the fight against trafficking is a great moral calling of our time.
Together we will stop at nothing to end the debasement of our fellow men, she said.
I don't think she gives a crap about men.
If you ask me, he can't Aliza.
You're fairing.
The US called Germany a source transit and destination country for sex workers and other victims of exploitation.
However, the 2006 trafficking in persons report gave Germany its highest overall rating for compliance with efforts to stop trafficking and noted German efforts to combat exploitation during the World Cup.
How do you like that?
Nonetheless, due to the sheer size of the event, the potential for increased human trafficking during the Games remains a concern to report said.
As many as 800,000 people are bought and sold across national borders annually or all over the other countries with false promises of worker or the benefits of state department citizens,
annual survey on international human trafficking, most are women and children.
The report lists Iran and Syria among the dozen nations that the US did not adequately address trafficking problems.
The state department said those countries should be subject to sanctions.
Apart from error of allies Saudi Arabia and the Central American nation of Belize, the rest of the list of violators reads like a catalog.
How do you like that?
Saudi Arabia is on air.
We do anything to punish them. No.
The rest of the list of violators reads like a catalog of nations that perpetual odds with the Bush administration, Ma'an Mar and its Burma, Cuba, Iran.
Laos, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, and Zimbabwe.
I don't see a Costa Rica on air, and where do you?
No.
What about Mexico? Don't see it.
See Belize?
Who gives a crap about Belize?
Countries that fail to crack down can be a substitute of a variety of sanctions including the withholding of some kinds of US-4 and 8.
US will not cut out trade and humanitarian aid the report said.
Countries that receive no such assistance can be declared ineligible to take part in cultural and educational exchange programs.
Two countries have been sanctioned since the report began Equatorial Guinea and Venezuela.
You have seen Equatorial Guinea?
Not lately. Pretty foul.
The German government, while defending its policy of legalized prostitution, emphatically denies that a condone human trafficking and says it's intensified efforts to combat it.
Germany's sex industry entrepreneurs have made no secret of their expectation to make boom as hundreds of thousands of visitors arrive for the World Cup.
I'll be there for the World Cup and I won't be doing no prostitutes.
At the 440 bedroom are our team as brothel which opened in Berlin, Nicefall, manager Egbert Kuhmich predicted business normally 130 clients today could double or triple during the 32 nation term.
Prostitution is legal in Germany with about 400,000 registered sex workers who pay taxes and receive social benefits.
However, the government says forced prostitution is not tolerated and the NISMITS claim that it's helping build brothels.
The German embassy in Washington said German federal officials are working closely with regional authority on the other.
So there we go again. Tell the rest of the world that can't do this and you can't do that.
Moralizing for the rest of the world while we're butching innocent people and taking our soldiers and using them as human sacrifice and drinking the blood of Christ and eating the body of Christ.
I'll tell you one thing boy, he must have been one bloody guy.
Yeah, tastes like chicken.
All these people drink in the blood of Christ, all of these centuries now my God.
So I don't believe, why, why does he run out?
Oh you know how that tricky did with the bread and the fish?
Oh that's right, he's making new, that's right. Never runs out.
I wonder, I wonder if it's like tastes like grandma boon.
Provinces after one at five sixty all of the church said they liked it because it had a ripple effect.
Whatever that meant.
Provinces after one at QAM, we got Bo Campo Ritu, we got Mad Dog at four, we got Curtis at seven and I thank God.
Oh, ratio ears baby, kiss, kiss the infected or something you want to know why?
Why?
It's just dawn on me, it took me over three hours to figure this out.
You see who's been scratched off the schedule tonight?
Yeah, anybody want to know the true identity of the Antichrist?
He's got other work to do.
Got it? Got it.
Only the Antichrist could make a sound like that.
Uh huh, I knew it.
Hey, if you love to get out there on the water and you'd like to go out and get you a boat, don't buy a boat because man accost you in arm and six legs.
And boy, that's the price is just where the problems begin because then you got all kind of maintenance and do all kinds of stuff with it.
If you want to get out of the water this smart way, call our friends at Club Notico at 1-800-Bolt rent right now.
Why would you want to pay all the expense of owning the boat and go through all the grief when you can rent one totally hassle free?
This is for smart people.
Join the club at Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
It'll be a maze just how easy to make all these things for you.
No docking costs, no expense above keeping no insurance, no hurricane preparation.
With the boat from Club Notico, it's totally stress free and truly affordable too.
So call 1-800-Bolt rent.
Don't have to worry about getting the boat ready because Club Notico does it for you.
No cleaning up either.
At Club Notico, here's how the deal works.
You just call them ahead of time. They get the boat already.
You just hop on your boat and go and have a fantastic time.
When you're done, pull them to the dock and get off and just walk away.
It's that easy.
Club Notico, call them toll free at 1-800-Bolt rent.
From unlimited voting to pay as you go from small boats to your charters and everything in between.
Call them to be free.
It's Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent and let Club Notico take a plane to fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today to smart the hassle free way with Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Bolt rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 162 AM.
Bob, could you help an all-out boy?
I'm a captain.
Well congratulations. Get a life.
Here's your brand, honey.
And again, it's so crappy.
You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good.
I heard that.
Be out of Bob.
Lord of the underworld.
What are you doing here?
I heard you're not even your fiber, Bob.
Perhaps you'd like to try a new Bealza brand.
What's so great about Bealza brand?
Well, one bowl of Bealza brand has all the fiber you'll need to keep regular.
But the best part is, it tastes great.
Wow.
Besides, if you don't eat your fiber, your bowels will clog with running meat.
Your entrusted will fill with cashless tools and bread.
I'll trust you.
Okay, okay. I get the points.
So I'll eat my bread.
There's a good fellow.
Thanks, O'Destinylet One.
No problem.
And now, about your immortal soul, Bob.
Bealza brand.
I'm just kidding.
Bealza brand.
Because good health shouldn't cost you your soul.
And why did you give us bad wounds, such as your red ass, man?
I was bad.
Oh, they like those.
Please put some clothes on those things.
I wonder if they got bad wounds in the new, um, old men like that.
You know, it would be this and something if they didn't.
Yeah, that's quite a scene there.
All the animals are freaking out.
Even they as, um, the giraffes.
Right?
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
I've run like a, like hell, I'm mapping out some Jesus right now.
40 in a 35.
Boy, what a speed demon.
There are over a hundred votes on the poll.
We just rolled out a long scene this time.
I think, you know, I made the bad mistake.
I shouldn't have taken at, um, Bentley's.
The cop stuff before the show, really, why?
That's why I was coughing and hacking because you're expecting it.
Ah, there you go.
What we expect to rating any time.
That's right.
So what I'll do is I'll take it like a two is what I'll do.
Because I almost are going to get it. It's supposed to be like every five hours or six whatever
I'm going to get it one. I thought that would be a bad idea
Because you notice now how that is kind of past all things must pass right like gas
Yeah, when Norma when Norma gets us our fart sounds back that's when I like to assume he's earning his money
You know
Otherwise why even waste the time meeting with these boys?
So he's having a big meeting on Friday. What are you gonna do Norma? What are you gonna do?
Huh just rehash the same old crap about how Joe likes this and he wants us to
But a bit of a and kiss up to Josh and respect his tremendous talent whatever is all about
Well, you can talk about your time Norma, huh?
They talk baseball. Yeah, there you go talk about your fantasy baseball and your fantasy radio because that's a world
We're gonna speak in a crazy people Greenbelt Maryland the father of rain marine whose funeral was
Picked and by anti-gay protesters from a fundamentalist Kansas Church those are the crazy people father invasion of privacy suit
Against the administrators on Monday. It was believed to be the first lawsuit brought by a serviceman's family against Westboro back to his church of
Topeka, Kansas. That's the lunatic Fred Phillips with members routinely demonstrated military funerals around the country
Albert Snyder of York, Pennsylvania the father of Lance Corporal Matthewace Snyder is seeking unspecified damages
The younger Snyder 20 died March 3rd after an accident the Ann Bar province of Iraq
He was very in Westminster, Maryland
We think it's a case we can win because anyone's funeral is private Albert Snyder's lawyer Sean Summers said
You don't have to write the interrupt somebody's private funeral after finding the suits Snyder said a news conference that he hoped a hefty judgment
Would leave the church members unable to afford to travel for more protests
I wanted to stop he said of the protest
I didn't know there were people in the world who did stuff like this in other words
Oh, yeah, who's being naive now? Okay
Members of Westboro say the military debts in Iraq are God's punishment for America's tolerance of gaze
They typically carry signs with slogans such as God hates fags and thank God for IED's a reference to the roadside
Bombs used by insurgents is lovely the churches inspired dozens of state laws banning funeral approach
What are you doing? Oh meeting communion wapers? Oh, are you eating the body of Christ again?
I don't know Jesus Christ the churches inspired dozens of state laws banning funeral protests including a Maryland law that didn't go to
Effect to lecture start as memorial surely Phillips Roper
I spoke to him for the small congregation of crazy people said this is the first time Westboro has been sued by a soldier's family
But long overdue by the way we're exercising our first amendment rights. You said yeah, yeah
That's right spreading hate is that what it says in the first amendment going around in spreading hate and crowd-cuzzy more distressed
It's not bad enough that the families got a very their kid, you know
They're 20-year-old son who is set off to be a human a
Sacrifice that's not bad enough that they got to put up with these crazy people from Kansas
Crazy but what I tell you the religious people when I come anywhere near you run like a set up a bitch
Okay, you're really regretted slam that door slam that door in your face and go get a load
Go call Chuck Hester's right anywhere to get a loaded piece and also where to get some eat spandex pants
But he you know he makes me look like a snappy dresser. I think those were fairer actions like that outfit that
That outfit he's wearing and at the bowling for column by nerathy and it's just it's just it defies description
In fact, I think he's got spandex skin old Chuck if he asked me but then what I know you son of a bitch
Yeah, well, but I know I'm not one of gun nuts
Conservatives favor purity over cancer vaccine to see this story nope
Late last month an FDA advisory panel unanimously recommended approval of vaccine for a human papaloma virus HPV
The vaccine appears to be a hundred percent effective a hundred percent effective at
Protecting gets the most prevalent viruses that cause cervical cancer while public health professionals need the vaccine is miraculous
Many conservative organizations opposed it on the grounds that might encourage promiscuity among adolescent girls
Now it appears for a certain that the FDA will approve the vaccine conservatives are attempting to discourage its use
These are the flat earth people man. These are the flat earth crowd crazy people the anti-science anti-intellectual anti anything people
There might be the Christian science. You know don't go to the doctor
Don't get any antibiotics just just pray man. I had a girl I had a girl in the school a high school family was Christian
Sciences and the father got ill and they wouldn't it wouldn't go to the doctor and it wouldn't like you know
It was something that he could have been treated for too as it turns out no doctor and guess what he died good guess
Hey hurt no more the pharmaceutical giant mercury produced the vaccine notice
Gardasil it'll be nothing short of a lifesaver meant for many women
Serveral cancers the second most prevalent cancer killer among women in America structurally nearly 14,000 women each year
Although it's nearly 4,000 died annually poor women and women of color will benefit the most from the vaccine as
Latino and black women have the highest rates of cervical cancer lower income women typically lack the funds and health insurance
Necessary to have regular screenings for HPB
Despite the benefit I got to do with that. Oh
I'm not so all
Ooh, yucky
Despite the benefits of the vaccine conservative organizations began to rally against it last year one of the most vocal opponents are the crazy people of the family research
Counsel the counsel promotes the Judeo Christian world view as the basis for our just free and stable society
Last October the counsel's president Tony Perkins there is again spoke decidedly against the vaccine
Mr. Perkins proclaimed our concerns that this vaccine will be marketed to a segment of the population
That should be getting a message about abstinence. It sends the wrong message
He even stated he would not vaccinate his 13-year-old daughter and it goes on its on our website by Gene C. Gerard from dissident voice
Kind of like stem cell research everything right might help people who are desperate who are dying or sick
Everything where there might be you know something scientific that makes sense
What do we do that right God wants you to suffer that's why I have to be
He works in a serious way where that's an adult of nails doing the devil's work again. Yeah, that belt of stuff man
I never it in my life. I never saw that before while you were raised Catholic well. Thanks God for that
About the one thing I will say for my family. I can't say too much for least there are you know good heathens although my father of course
Was in that Zionist crap because he had no life
I have no life right and his whole family were much a crazed Zionist
Didn't care about Judaism were about religion ran that God crap like the Israel. Oh, he is real listening. Oh
Very sad
Oh, oh, this is good man
See near you're having a very dangerous once there is a little in calories and carbs
That's right having a totally calorie and carb free snack. I wonder what the nutritional value of Jesus
Oh, oh macadam Jesus now. No, let's call the atkins Center. I wonder if it's carb free
Oh, yeah, they got the low-carb Jesus. Oh, you know something. That's a good point. How come we don't have low-carb
Wafers in the church, you know, you're I think people want to start demanding that that's a good point the people that have way
Especially for people with diabetes. Yeah, maybe a soy based wafer right 28 after one and what about that wine man? Oh God
You're a fellow the ghost he said
I know if you have a business to need to get customers away from the competition
And here's the perfect business partner for you
Pubstead printing and design Pubstead can design and print everything you need in your arsenal
Just look at the display booth. They made about me on our website down at the bottom of the page
And I see you'll see those big ugly glasses. I used to wear in your wonder what a geek
But it's a great display or see more of their phenomenal work on their website pubset sf.com
Pubstead can print everything from business cards to banners posted to their specialties trade your boots in displays
Pubstead design printing the very best for over 14 years and
Pubstead can handle all in house call 954
777272 75 remember Frank House used to catch for the attackers the 954 777272 75 and they had alkaline in right field
Better yet see for yourself at pubset sf.com look your best and get those new customers
It's your business and it's pubsets business to make you look really great call them at 954
777272 75 of going to that website of theirs pubset sf.com
Don't forget to look for my grotesque gruesome picture on their building on Dixie highway just north of commercial
Choose the very best pubsets design and printing call 954
777272 75
This is meal Roger what solid this is 5.62
For David's the bitch
And
The peace and fire that really is me
But I know that it won't last forever the doorbell has to ring
I'm not that general but witness the things they want to save me
They say wanna save me
Yeah
I
Yeah, the significance of that of course even though he's not as your host witness Tony Orlando is a born-again
Fanatic you do know that I do he found Jesus, you know
once his record stopped on and he found Jesus and the
Music by audience lost him he was on at CKW peace
He was talking about how he was friends with Rosemary whatever her name was the PD Rosie
He was the she was one of the big movers and chakers in the music business
They wanted to record play down CKW. They had to go through her some Italian
They didn't recognize for the last name. Oh, no, actually that's wrong. She was a French Canadian
Yeah, like true John or some fraud like that. But anyway, she had to power man
The speaker I've having to power now for this to show you when you go to Amsterdam you guys you're gonna be amazed at the
Although you won't probably won't find these people. They're in the tiny minority
The people in there will you listen to this a Netherlands-based Evangelical organization has called on Christians in 21 countries
Old a 24-hour prayer vigil against satanic forces to mark so-called Devils Day
Well, hopefully believe because it's already like 735 a night over there
Some here the date 666 0606 which fall today
Signify 666 the member for number of the devil the beast and we'll wash your inculhamidies and even the end of the world
Of course you got that volcano going off there right in somewhere. Where was it?
Somewhere in Venetia. Yeah, what's wrong? What are those?
And there's like I and hell Michigan is on CNN right now. He owns the ice cream on Halloween store
So we put together a little bit of celebration
So tell her over there
We haven't had a freeze in the last year and a half. That's when we hold our elections
When health freezes over
Do you tell people to go to hell on a regular basis?
I'm sorry to get that
Do you tell people to go to hell on a regular basis? I mean you're the unofficial mayor
You know we here we can get away with more people told you to come to our town and anywhere on earth
So how did hell get its name? Oh, we already been to that. I want to say it's good. I know. Yeah
Isn't that prophetic anyway?
The dust-based organization and ambassadors ministries called it's 24 hour prayer vigil from 6 p.m
Monday yesterday saying it hopes some 2000 Dutch Christians mainly Protestants would take part as probably as many as they get in the whole country
Because you know what's right there by the old church though who will house is the red light district lost
Prosta to us we believe that the fans the enemy has for this day June 6 2006 will be destroyed through violent worship and praise
Violent worship well what is violent worship?
You know it's not quite relation
We're inviting the entire world to be part of this huge unity project
It says on its website and
embassment.org
AMBASMIN embassment.org the forces of evil are using this day
Math by piet of the organization told AFP through our actually want to stop them from achieving their goal
The figure 66 is named the number of the beast in the closing chapter the Bible the book of revelations otherwise known as the apocalypse of John
Chapter 13 verse 18 the book of the super reference to the coming of the devil
I think we just seen him on TV a little while ago. He was saying things like
I'll never done any him we ought to give him a haircut
Has long puzzled scholars and demonologist? Oh demonologist. What do you do for living? I'm a demonologist and
Ped the fantasies of conspiracy theorists are writers of ghost stories. I'm a demonologist. I trade
When that be fun that would be
It's a crazy demon
Chris says the holy pad Robertson has his own protein drink
There is a video of him claiming that his protein drink that he sells in a GNC gave me ability to oh yeah
I've seen the thing on that to press two thousand pounds this way to 600 pounds more than the world record of can be said
That's not that. He's a crazy person or lies a lot religious people would never lie to you
It can be seen on the 700 Club site says a Paul says we already have been waiting where the no, I haven't been
Is certainly made aware of the shape, but I did see him like have bench pressing like four pounds to the other day
Something like that actually was lifting like a tea bag or something i'm speaking over
Drink and tea I didn't yeah. You should know instead. I did my Fisherman's friend little late now, but that's hard. How do you know that?
Well, I mean, it'll make the fuel better, but I'm not going to get you to stop coughing.
This is going on.
I'm not coughing.
What you just heard was just a fake and illusion.
Okay, let's take a whole bunch of calls between now and two o'clock.
Okay?
Okay.
We already done our duty on the pool.
We got probably close to 12.
We got 1137 rhymes with heaven and 7,11.
I like 7,11 a lot.
We're not like 666.
1137 both.
And I still got my lucky urinals by the way with my lucky urinals.
Two of them.
Well, one in the back, depending on where I'm at, part of the place I'm playing in, and
then one up from the front, the one in the middle.
Do they ever pay off?
Yeah, and every now and then you'll be in there like a flush out of about 500 bucks.
It's incredible.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
In fact, there are a couple of machines I'd like to take a leak on, as you mentioned, or
maybe just a sledgehammer would be good.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, an honor of 666, how about a little all you can eat Negro?
Yeah, that's a possibility.
Kills him good time.
Yeah, it's about to feel some good time for you guys.
Excellent thought.
Thank you, sir.
Now, pray for you.
I pray for your heath and soul, okay?
You heath and bastard.
You're going to rot in hell unless you get yourself right with the Lord.
I just, I don't know how I've tolerated that all my life.
You don't know that I've been around that many of those people, but it just makes me
furious.
Well, you have to.
They talk such cock-a-man.
They talk such foolishness.
And then, and then, like, when a pope comes to these different places, like when he was
in Cologne, Germany, which is just a hip city, man.
So many young people and beautiful people and like people living in the present day as
opposed to the Stone Age, and the pope comes there and like, when he was here a couple
years ago, the previous pope, the fat one, the slab on the slab on the slab.
And these thousands and hundreds of thousands of young people come and schlep it around to
see this a little man in a dress.
What are you people thinking about?
What are you thinking about?
There are the people I needed to see that show that I made you watch you last week.
That's right.
Illuminating angels and demons.
There are the ones that need to be forced back to see that.
All the corruption in the BS and they all was books that nobody's allowed to look at.
Yeah.
Woodback and banking scandal, all this garbage.
The world's largest closet, man.
I guarantee if John Pervolta wants to find a, forget about Scientology, he wants to find
a place to hide along with Tommy Cruz, just head for the Vatican.
No problem at all.
Never be seen again.
WDQIM, hello.
You've been able to mail.
Yes, sir.
Uh, the paraphrase of bridge tender following on this.
You sure don't know your baseball.
You got that trivia wrong on Donazarowski's home run.
Yeah.
Art Dippmart did not give up the home run.
Chuck Thompson called a wrong.
He said, Art Dippmart, he was saying Art Dippmart throws in the Yankee bullpen when
Terry threw the picture.
Matt Rousey hit it.
It was in mid-sentence.
That's why I see why never to this day I never knew that.
I thought he made a mistake and I loved him.
Thompson, it was great.
And that's the thing.
He did a commercial about that for one of the beer companies.
And, um, and they did something about the interview.
Art Dippmart and he said they got it all wrong.
I was in the bullpen.
Right.
I got a little Perry is dead now.
He goes, he goes, he said my name because I was warming up in the bullpen.
Thank you.
He was about to say Art Dippmart throws in the bullpen for the Yankee.
He said, right here.
And I'm, I don't know.
You have just added five minutes to my life.
Well, what can I say?
He was warming up in case it would, Paul empty was coming up and he was going to bring
a dinner.
Yeah, but you do understand that for the uninitiated, the rest of the people who didn't
know the difference that a lot of people thought it was Art Dippmart throwing the pitch
because of the way it was interrupted.
Chuck Thompson was great.
He never would have made that mistake.
Yeah.
Okay.
You got it.
Bye bye.
Thanks, Paul.
Yeah, that's good.
See, I told you, listen to me.
That's an important call in my life.
All these years, that's 46 years I've been going on the misinterpretation and I've
said it on the air a few times.
I've talked about that.
Not that anybody cares, but this guy had to write in for see that's two mistakes in
one day.
First of all, Josh says that Henry or a never was in the play for the Milwaukee Brewer's
and was never a deal.
Then you say that?
I said that.
I know.
So I made, listen, we make so many mistakes on this show.
It's a, and what about that plane with Catherine Harris?
Did you hear about that?
Oh, my God.
No, about it.
How's it going?
You talk about Humpty Dumpty.
You talk about QAM.
142, oh, there's Genie Miserve.
I wonder if the federal Miserve is going to rate the interest rate.
That name is always just bugged.
I mean, she's okay.
She never stole a freight train, but Genie Miserve, huh?
Come up with the name of her.
So the name I believe, I'll read.
Genie, uh, Muhammad Ahmed Abdul Shorts.
Exotic Amami Beach is a fun exciting venue for the public to purchase the hottest new products
and services from the adult industry.
All of these things.
Oh, my God.
Meet adult stars, including Jenna Jamison and the club Jenna Girls, Tara Patrick,
and others.
Take pictures you can brag about for years.
Pretend something exciting happened.
Shop for something sexy.
See the Lord is publishing me right now.
Shop for something sexy and largest adult marketplace on these coast.
Enjoy entertainment on stage.
With X-Ranging Community Committee, Stalin's, I've run Jeremy.
Wow.
The human furball.
To a 15 person male and female performer.
Said a group grow probably.
Enjoy hours of entertainment.
For less cod body content and lots more.
Whatever way you decide to celebrate your sexiness, enjoy it with Exotic Amami Beach Convention
Center.
It promises to be a memorable experience.
Go to ExoticAmami.com.
That's with three X's, triple X. ExoticAmami.com.
Buy tickets.
Check out who's coming and get in for one nightly after parties.
Oh, look at that.
File it.
And it glows in the dark.
Sounded by a word.
ExoticAmami.com Friday, June 9th.
It's this Friday through Sunday.
The light of this weekend.
An Amami Beach Convention Center must be 18 and over with VALA by D. Being horny couldn't
hurt.
Exotic Amami Beach, a celebration of sexiness.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
What's up?
I hope you have been helping you today.
And would you please be having a proofs, sir?
We are having a sale on camera.
We have had a lot of many flavors.
We have a bread and it's not this.
We are HGKD.
HGKD.
We're okay.
I'm telling you everything.
If I was to make it happen inside I think it is.
Yes, it's true.
We're going to back this.
It is only because it's so bad.
You can forever grow free.
Actions of a good open window are stringed down.
We wish it would be like a fool.
Yeah, it's just something for a good thing.
Ragnar.
I think about my parents and my kids.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
If you're too stupid, I really think you're going to hate you.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
Ragnar.
You're fair.
It's 147 at 5.60 WQM.
No, forget religion is the source of all evil.
Not money.
There's nothing wrong with having a lot of money depending on what you do with it and who you're
doing with it.
But as far as all other evil, a history of mankind, it's right there.
It's like an open book, man.
Not the good book, the bad book, the evil book.
Pick your poison.
Whichever book you like.
How about then tablets, Manage?
Or was it Smithhead and Palmyra in New York?
Yeah, were they after us?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, if you were in Palmyra, you'd probably want to drop a few tablets
too, maybe some acid.
Couldn't hurt.
The Board of Governors at the American Bar Association voted unanimously yesterday
to investigate where the President Bush has exceeded his constitutional authority and
reserving the rights of ignore more than 750 laws have been enacted since he took office,
meaning in New Orleans, oh man, the chocolate town.
The Board of Governors for the World's largest association of legal professionals approved
the creation of an All-Star Legal Panel with a number of members from both political parties.
The All-Star Legal Panel.
Alright, and what's that you're going to be on?
They include a former federal appeals court chief judge, a former FBI director, and several prominent
scholars to evaluate Bush's assertions that he has the power to ignore laws that can click
with his interpretation of the Constitution.
That sounds like a dictator to me, just makes it up as he goes along as if we didn't know that.
Bush has appended statements to new laws when he signs them noting which provisions he believes
interfere with his powers.
Among the laws Bush has challenged by the ban on torturing detainees, oversight provisions in the USA,
and whistle-law protection for federal employees.
The challenges have also included safeguards against political interference in taxpayer fund research.
Bush has challenged more laws than all previous presidents combined.
That's the operative word.
All previous presidents put together.
Got it? Got it.
Now what's this very important but brief facts?
Oh, here's one for the poll, Watermatha.
I thought of him before I forgot to say it.
Alright, so thanks H.W. for sending me to Watermatha.
I'm sure we left a lot of really great people off of that.
But these people, huh?
I'm sure we did, but you know, these people, they though, very fortunately,
and luckily for them, they haven't called, said, I got one for the poll,
and I don't think anybody has said that all day, have they?
No.
Finally training them.
It's taken only how many years now?
About 30, man.
Finally training them slow and ponderous way.
But that's alright.
Better late than never.
They're catching on.
That one try to pull.
That's okay.
And tomorrow we're going to do more dead people.
Now what inspired me on this death?
Oh, it was the, uh, dead, uh, grateful dead guy.
Right.
The keyboardist.
The keyboard guy for the grateful dead that died over the weekend.
And then of course we got all the dead heads caught in the ass.
They're all, you're wrong about that, Nioh.
They were one of the greatest touring bands.
Yeah, the problem was their music sucked.
That's the problem.
Oh, there's nothing.
They were great.
They may have put on a really wild show and people having a really great time and, you know,
we live in the 60s again.
We live in their, uh, hippie hood and all that other crap, which is basically what that's
all about.
Not going to.
People who are, uh, it's like they're frozen in time.
Kind of like our management, you know, they're like in suspended animation.
They can't move and they're just living their whole life.
It's like the latter day hippies, you know, like our good friend, uh, Woody Graver.
Good guy, but he's, he's stuck in the 60s.
Of course, even if he did get a haircut, he wouldn't look like much anyway.
But nevertheless, good guy.
What do you just, uh, you're in the wrong decade.
You're living it in the past.
You're like, it's like a fire earthquake.
You know, you're living like in, uh, in, in, uh, centuries, like hundreds, thousands of years ago, dark ages.
Right.
That's correct.
Here's that poor result so far.
How did we, do we put Walter Mathowiner?
We did.
Good.
Who was your favorite debt actor or actress?
I know we've done this before, but they forgot.
1150 votes.
That's not too bad.
1150.
Let's see.
What was that station?
Was that, uh, mm-hmm.
I think 1130 was WBT in Charlotte, North Carolina.
I think 1150 was KMOX.
Can we Google it real fast?
I'm going to do it.
KMOX, look at that.
Wikipedia.
Oh, well, what is that?
KMOX news?
I don't want KMOX news.
Oh, it's 1120.
Uh-oh.
Another mistake.
I told you the anti-Christ was on the loose.
That's like three major mistakes I've made today.
Oh, God.
Four, I actually came in here.
KMOX is 1120.
Now, what about WBT in Charlotte?
What about WDME if it was 1130?
I don't know.
We'll see.
Well, let's see.
When you, when you Google it, it takes you right to their website, these stations.
WBT USA.
You know, that's something else.
I want to do the, here.
1110.
What did I say?
It was 1130.
I was close.
Huh?
And 1110 is right next to 1120 next to KMOX.
So they're like side by each.
Is they say?
Huh?
And 1110 is right next to 1120 next to KMOX.
So they're like side by each.
Is they say?
Side by each.
They say.
I've never read the poll result.
Marlon Brando is winning hands down your pants, 193.
And from what we hear, he liked having his hands down everybody's pants.
Carol O'Connor 144.
John Wayne the Duke, 106.
The Duke, who he was full of it when he died.
In fact, if he asked me, I think it was full of it when he was alive.
Jimmy Stewart, 98.
George C. Scott, 71.
Gregory Peck, 62.
John Candy, 46.
Marilyn Monroe, 46.
Same person.
William Holden, 46.
John Belushi, 42.
Jimmy Cagney, 35.
Betty Davis, 31.
Basil Rathbone, 29.
Jack Lemon, 24.
Spencer Tracy, 23.
Kerry Grant, 21.
Lawrence Olivia, Sir Lawrence, 21.
Or is that Miss Raymond Burr, Miss Raymond Burr, 21.
Grace Kelly, 18.
Come on.
Why is it that these people are in there?
I think they're all about your fags.
That's crazy.
Oh, she did, she didn't have very tiny boobies.
Yes she did.
Orson was a 13.
Joan Crawford, 11.
Peter Finch, 11.
He also had tiny boobies.
Anthony Perkins, 10.
And Bagcroft, 9.
Humber Boegar, Bogey's Oning, 8.
Audrey Hepburn, 5.
Sterling Hayden, 5.
Watermath, House Elemente, Dose.
And Lijay Cabin Henry, Fonda only have Unwa Pisa.
This is Neil Roger, actually in question.
This is 5.
Sixty-two-eighth.
And Wax.
But it's all good, Catholic.
Questioning your faith.
Feel you need divine intervention, or at least divine council.
Well now there's a hotline just for you.
You have reached the Vatican.
Today's moral issue, abortion.
If you are pro-choice, press one.
Thank you.
You are going straight to hell.
Find out where the church stands on today's issues.
And where you stand with the church.
Today's moral issue, birth control.
If you use contraceptives, press one.
Thank you.
You are going straight to hell.
Get the straight food from LaPada, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Call 1-900.
Hey Po.
Today's moral issue, premarital sex.
If you engage in premarital sex, press one.
Ah, thank you.
Have fun while you can.
Because you are going straight to hell.
Call 1-900.
Hey Po.
That's 1-900.
H-U-I-V-O-V-E.
Just 50 cents a minute.
Remember, you can pay now.
Or pay later.
Bye bye.
