Well, they remember Neo Rogers and Detroit.
Yeah. Yeah. That's what I heard my good buddy Dick Purtin.
Yes, he came by. He just turned 100. Nice going Dick. He just got elected to the
Irradiah Hall of Fame. They just reupped his contract for another 400 years. He's a legend.
He used to have a place in Sanibel, a winter place in Sanibel. I only used to call me on the
Irradiah Hall of Fame. He said he had a place he was telling us. He had a place actually.
Well, maybe it was Sanibel. He said Marco Island. Well, same craft, same deal.
Yep. It's probably going to go. So it's not bad here.
Otherwise, yet. No, it was a let's see. 48 here yesterday. We had the warmest
January in history in Toronto. Yeah. It was in the low 40s here. Yeah.
Purtin. And it's going to be a above it. It's going to be pretty decent all the rest of the
week. They're calling for snow flurries, but so what? So flurries. Yeah. Flurries.
That's the operative word. Flurry. Like the old flurry. How about those
the panthers? Thank you very much to the organization for letting the Leafs break
their losing street last night. Thank you so much. We needed that. Go ahead.
Oh, it's been getting desperate here. Every time they have a chance to get
closer to any spot they were there was about what did I tell you? They got no
character, man. They got like gagging and choking and the puking and just hear
those sounds. When a game started last night, it looked to me like there were about
15 people in there, but then they came in late. Whoever came up with the idea of
starting those games at seven ought to be shot. Oh, speaking of ought to be shot,
your friend Greg Cotex has got that finals pull going in the hero today on his
blog. Yeah. And give them a nice head start. So we'll take care of that.
Oh, the thing he runs today. You would like you would like my poor yesterday.
Who was it? Very simple. Who is the biggest a hole in the
world? The best way to get the best. Dan LeVastard, Greg Cotex, then we also
added who are they, which we had 167 said who the hell are they?
That was pretty good. But Danny Boy beat you or a buddy Greg via three to
one six hundred and thirteen to two forty one. Just beat the pants off him.
Well, he's more visible. And the other good news is we got the sales
managers departed. Your close personal friend Curtis Raymond Burr. He's gone.
Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. See? Oh, him we want to we mean we won't see him
racing with somebody. I guess I guess Joe is bringing in some hot shout sales guy
friend of his who's just supposed to be really like a sales person that you know
talks to people. Wow. Yeah. So I was just telling our bald head buddy
Troy Stradford things are going to change real fast around there.
I always think like waffle on this because I think they're going to change their
way. Maybe not. And then people start rolling out the door. That's usually a
pretty good sign they're going to be some changes. Yeah. His head start rolling.
Yeah. That's a wow. I believe in all all hell breaks. That's it. Yeah.
So he used to be me but I'm not never there anymore. Anyway,
I said to make any difference. And I would think every time I went on vacation
there was some crap happened. You know, like that one time I was on at the
airport. And that was in Paxon decided to pay me off for seven months.
And I said. Oh, right. Yeah. That was my response.
Stayed in Roman extra week or two. So wait and do it. Yeah. Well,
we're up here in beautiful downtown Detroit. We're going over to the
media day festivities over the stadium trying to get some interviews for tomorrow.
And I know it's kind of clock in the morning. It's probably pretty dark there in
Detroit right now. I would imagine. So who you picking in the game this
Sunday? In this day. Pittsburgh at 25 to one. Really? So I'm sticking with it.
Well, I would think oh yeah. No points. Wow. How much are they favored?
They're favored by four and a half right now. About four and a half. And you
got it even Steven boy. Yeah. So I just I'm taking I'm taking the other side
for part of it. I would kiss that ticket just like Bubba used to say.
Kiss it. Yeah. I would that's 25 to one. Yep. Money in the bank, I think.
So I was reading all about the. Did you read Bush's jokes from
this? I guess they had some kind of function in Washington this weekend.
He was doing a bunch of one liners. No. About him and Rumsfeld going to see
that movie break stone, whatever it is. Very bad. Cowboy. Yeah. You fairy. Yeah.
That thing. So he's making. I would say somewhat homophobic jokes in public.
Well, that's kind of unusual. Yeah. I mean, look at who he's pandering to.
Just like his jokes about he's still doing the thing about no weapons over here.
No weapons over there. He's still doing that stuff. Everything's a big joke.
And when you're sending other people to get killed and maimed and wounded, that's all a big joke.
Even Christian, I'm on poor. You know, who that bitch is from Sierra, which I can't stand
him. Even now she's like throwing up her arms in here, which ought to smell really bad.
She says the war is a disaster. Iraq is a disaster. What they've made there is a disaster.
The troops, the media now with the thing that happened with the Bob Woodruff and the Canadian
photographer from ABC and all this other stuff. It's just it's a nightmare.
I just mentioned that in passing. Well, it's a while.
While your presence making all these jokes and of course they're going to like coordinate
the leader today just in time for the state of the Union address tonight.
I mean, all that good timing. Big deal. Well, I'm here with the beast and where I'm at.
How many pounds is the beast lost by the way and balanced for life since I got to tell the public about that.
It would be nice to see.
The last check it was about nine, but not getting my sack this week in Detroit.
I see. Well, you're going to get my sack off this account if you don't cut the crap because it's just another excuse.
Food is much better by the way this time around. Yeah, good. Too bad you didn't think about getting the sack with it there.
What are they going to FedEx it up here? That would have been a good idea.
All right. Send the beast the sack. Call Troy. So you'll work on that or better yet.
We could have just had you stay in Florida and they could have sent somebody else up there.
Wouldn't have been picking out. Please because with you. You're with Hank. You're going to be picking out.
We don't see each other. We're out about. We don't see each other.
I'm sure that I'm saying 30 miles away. I'm saying in LaVonia. 30 miles away.
LaVonia even going to DRC if we're still there. You go to Wolverine Harnes Raceway if we're still there.
School of crap in middle belt. Oh, now you're going to bring back.
I'd say a great buffet. It's not there anymore. You don't have to worry about eating a skipper's table.
Well, if only that was my old stomping grounds when the Wolverine was there.
That was DRC Hank members DRC. I'm sure. No great resource. Right.
He used to have the trotters and the runners. In fact, once upon a time that was very big at a lot of places.
I mean, I was mentally. Mental and still does it. That was a big track for speed.
Yeah. Run runners run there one there. Right.
And then of course they try to a couple more times. It just failed badly.
In fact, racing in Michigan is a big, big trouble all the way around anyway. I mean, Harnes Race, big trouble.
Somebody told me yesterday that the city is spending a billion dollars to host a Super Bowl.
Really? It busted. I mean, it has no money.
And they spent a million dollars to bring this thing here.
Yeah. Well, let me ask you. Can you imagine any other reason anybody would go to Detroit?
No. I'm sure it's how one back their stories that people aren't even with the game that they're going to go to Las Vegas is over booked.
That's sure all those celebrity parties are going to be out there.
In fact, I've been invited to watch the game on the big screens. It falls to you.
But I was just there this past weekend. But got a special. I got an invitation to go watch it. Would buy.
But they sure, I'll tell you when you plunge your guts out, they sure like you like crazy.
They invite you to all kinds of stuff. So you get those free, free meals and banquets for, you know, free for a couple thousand.
As long as you keep plunge in your guts.
All right. Well, that's startling news about the sales manager.
Yep. Bye-bye Curtis, baby. Don't let the door hits you in the ass and away out.
That's one I called. You got to admit that.
Well, good for you. Well, you are doing before I was because I got it because you met him.
Yep. You call him stiff here. I think that's what that's what sealed his fate.
You turned on him like a rat and deservedly so by the way.
Well, and then mad dog speaking of turning, he says whoever's going to do two to six has to be somebody that needs likes.
That boy, everything when I heard that yesterday kind of like rubbed me the wrong way.
What do you mean? Business. I'll take it. Why?
Because then the first of all, this business that I do it, do it, somebody out of the building, which he do it,
himself out of existence everywhere he's ever been. That's number one.
Number two, here, this may come as a great shock to a lot of people.
People will listen to whatever they like, not what I like or you like. They'll listen to whatever they like.
Man, do I like that? There you go. Exactly. Well said.
Well, I'll be here to give my good buddy Dick Purt and a big kiss on lips for me.
He's a great guy and a very, very great talent. He's one of the few really tremendous talents in his business.
I'll have peace to that. Well, you're gonna kiss on the lips? Yeah.
Well, how did you happen to see him? Where did you run the camera? He killed us.
Really? Yeah, we have a sign here. They sent us with a, you know something.
With our station, you know, it's all about choices. You know, we have a sign, but we don't have a pair of headsets that work.
Oh, I see. Well, you've got to get your priorities right, Mr. Yeah, but the sign's here. That's the important thing.
That's the important thing. Now you got it. So what did he say? He came over and said, what?
I'm Dick Purt and he said that he's an old friend of yours. Right.
That's he, you know, it's got to be friends with you when he would come to Florida and call us about how you were from here
or had spent time here going and had originally worked here and I felt like we were spending time.
I'll tell you that. You're doing time. Yeah. Right. That's what I mean.
Two years I lived in Detroit, rather than Southview actually. That's a pretty safe. Yeah.
Well, we're okay. We're well secured here. Good. That's good. Don't don't go outside too much. No.
Do not go to, well, I'm not going to say we're not to go. Just don't go. Don't go.
I'm going to agree. Counts tonight. Are you? Yeah.
What else is that? About a two minute tram ride from here. Okay. That's good. Stay on the tram. Yeah.
And then I can look outside. Take the tram and keep track where you am.
And I can see the the winds are getting seen over my room. Well, there you go. Why don't you get over there for Christ's sake.
I'm going to go and go over there. Take the beast over there. I can punch his guts out. I'm real fortunate. No, I'm going to the Greek town casino.
Oh, I see. And what about the beast? You're not going to do a little punch in out there. I definitely am.
Tonight I'm going to a concert in Pontiac, though. Yeah. Neil's probably heard of the group. You're going to be not.
What I saw some guy from Lincoln Park. I like I haven't heard of Lincoln Park. I got news for I heard Lincoln Park long before you ever did because I was watching the videos in Europe way.
Like a light year ahead of you, but nevertheless, what do I know? Adodaring old man like me. Well, listen, good luck to you guys in the stay safe. Thanks.
See you are stay out of sight. We'll talk tomorrow and don't forget you got that banner. See you.
See you.
For three times more stars.
I wonder if any of those writers that were calling or talk show hosts that were calling from around the country feels stupid.
Having compared the Indianapolis Colts to a perfect season.
Honestly, I mean all that stuff or that dolphin had a week schedule and things just broke right. This, that, and the other happy horse manure.
Well, I wonder what they're saying and thinking right now. Or are you not here from again until the next team runs out? 12 and 0.
To manage your sports authority, we change from 47. I'm sports Reniel 565.
QAM.
It's day I.
If I am the town of New Zealand, I have 560 WQM.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I was sleeping in the park just trying to take a seat.
I got home in the dark. It left me black and blue. I'm hurt so bad. I'm coughing a blood.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
Oh, no. Why this happened? I took the clothes to the head. They just all knew they were laughing. They left me here for dead.
I've got an ass. Would they? I'm drugs. Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? I'm lying here.
Can hardly move. They took those baseball bats and swung like they grew.
Like the asses, the parents ride. They raise their kids this way. Lots, lots of prison time. They'll be the price they pay.
What then and jail with all those other firsts? Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clubs? Why was I beaten by teenagers?
Did you see the confrontation they put down in the news about 100 times?
I believe that the child molesting priest and the people in the neighborhood who were like, you see that?
Crazy bastard. You get with the big Elton John glasses this priest and he gets up in the one-guide's face.
You're a liar. You're a liar. And of course he's surrounded by all these people who either were molested or their kids were by this pitiful priest.
I just thought of that because I see this thing that somebody factored about under a pastor in St. Lucie.
Yes, we'll get into that.
Karate King is dead. I forgot to mention that to the Humphrey. I guess he knows that, especially in Detroit he would know that.
Probably a big hubbub about there I would think. Hello, Balu. A big hello, Balu.
And of course the fact that Curtis Raymond Burr, our sales manager is exiting.
All we can say is that is good luck to you Curtis. Bye-bye.
John McLaughlin would say bye-bye. Oh boy. There's good news tonight as Gabriel Heater would have said about 400 years ago. Remember Gabriel Heater?
Nope. No way I did. In a previous life you used to listen religiously. There's good news tonight.
See it's good thing to be an old fart. That means you don't have to be around too much longer for all the crap that's going on.
That's true.
From minutes after 10 to 560 WQM, happy Tuesday to you.
Is it Tuesday? I think last time I checked the gang near Hank in the beast in Detroit. No headphones, but they got a nice little banner that says QM.
And if they wouldn't have the banner Dick Purton wouldn't have any idea who the hell they were and wouldn't come over and say, hey say out of that fat slob in Florida, my good buddy Neil.
That's a nice gesture. He's a good guy. That's just a great talent but also a good guy. And I'm not a pompous ass like so many of the people in this business.
Anyway great co-tax says that thing going up on the hill there if you want to vote for your favorite sports talk person or your least favorite or your favorite sports station WQM or
which everyone you like. Why? I sent him both WQM or
which ever station you prefer. Hey balance for life is done at the beginning just in time for Valentine's Day.
Pampere your significant other and yourself of course with gourmet meals and snacks delivered right to your door for less than 20 bucks a day.
And you just heard the beast's lost 9 pounds and boy if a big fat slob like him can do it. He said the food is better than ever and I believe him.
This is called the double deal from balance for life and if you sign up now balance for life will give you the book what to eat in the zone the secrets of the zone diet with recipes and helpful hints.
Now you and your spouse, friend or coworker can both share the benefits and convenience of the zone diet. You'll both get your choice of two meals and total of two snacks, two bottles of water and two utensil packs. Now that's a double deal and deliveries included of course they deliver it right to your door every day.
Besides enjoying the way lost and health benefits of balance for life you can really enjoy the convenience too. If you know you're going out for dinner you can choose to just eat breakfast and lunch.
You can choose to eat your two meals per day anytime you want and don't forget balance for life is the only service that actually lets you choose your meals they send your menu every week you fill out your choices for every meal and snack and that's exactly what you get in your black snack.
Grab a friend right now call to get signed up and start receiving meals and get the book what to eat in the zone from balance for life.
Now I have a call today toll free and start losing that disgusting unhealthy grotesque looking fat. 1-866-225-4543. That's 866-225-4543 or on the wicked web balanceforlife.com.
This is Neal Rogers. This is 560-Q-A-S.
Now my baby's up to one go sit and we won't go sit. I'm gonna be in one hour but jam. Don't take it away from me. Don't take it away.
No don't take my baby. You're gonna keep your damn hands off my black baby. The don't take my black baby.
No don't take my black baby. You're way too far. I'm driving to a tree. I use it. Resume the thing.
And jack my messages from here to growth. From here to growth. I'm sitting in my car and composed of clothes and clothes.
Can go online and order my kid phone. Don't take it away from me. Don't take it away. No don't take my black baby. Don't tell us yet.
Bloodthrackin' like brick-breaker and solitaire. Night shit my underwear. Very nice. No other fold could ever replace my blackberry.
It's him and me boy. I'm on it constantly. No thing unlike very high quality. I'm on it every single thing. I'm hooked worse than a damn drug in me.
Don't take it away from me. Don't take it away. I'm cry like a small baby. Don't take it away. No don't take my blackberry.
And money at 560 WQ AM. Anyhow we got that notice we're closing the gap already and that the Greg Cotex pool. That's the most important one of all.
And that might be important. I'd be out of it. Over and over. Because they give him a running start over there. Of course Hank being out of town again. Nothing worse than a guy that's doing a show from out of town all the time.
Tell him. Because then you're always out of touch. There's no doubt. No but I'm sure that nobody above it tell him. If he didn't even know about Curtis getting canned I mean resigning as our sales manager.
Then he certainly didn't know about the Greg Cotex big runoff pool there in a hero all this week. The big who's going to get the purple star in the gold jelly bean or is it the other way around. I can never get that right.
Bring Jerry Witcher is her piece back. That's something Jerry Witcher had been dead a long time. He was about 110 at WS News.
Hi Jerry. It's choppy checking in. Oh those are the days baby. WS News. There are a lot of people taking the old dirt nap now. You know what?
More you think about that. It's getting really of course you got your issues too. You got your brother and your fat friend and right. Several really several fat friends. How about that rich right.
A lot of people like to look at here's the new copy for dry guys. That's what I do in it or what man is he the best there is no question about it. He is a real pain in the ass.
And you know the good news you know I've sound like I'm in such a much better mood today. Why are you having a thought about it? Yes who didn't come in and bug me this morning. No I know.
Clarence your boyfriend near your buddy Clarence your close buddy. Yeah and now that we know the Duff is the one that gave my email address to Fatboy although it was not done out of a malignant you know it desired to do anything evil just out of thoughtlessness and stupidity.
Guess who got eight Oscar nominations I'll give you a guess. Yeah bro back Mountain. Oh the cowboy love story bro back Mountain led the Academy word fields today with eight nominations among the best picture.
In honor of the actor Heath Ledger and director Ang Lee Ang Lee I always say Ang and say how about the model. Heath Ledger what's wrong with Jake Gyllenhaal is you like I know that the judge preferred his performance by far by the way yes I'm not very required a copy of that.
Is he there yet Josh yeah he's right there. Oh I'm here. Well I understand you hit some traffic defuvelies in 95. He wasn't the only one. I didn't have it whoever.
They got it died. Yeah I tell it to you. Somebody died in 95. Oh yeah.
The real patient man four months close. He died. And I guess he did.
So well what we just say about how to take it all and why are you dark? By the way he dies in the end his ring comes true and we stop it please.
No I will not. Well not stop I got more important movies for him to see the Donnie's thinking dark. It's an excellent movie you're right about that's very very good.
What's it to make everybody dies anyway right and at least you have closure which you always like you don't like bad things that leave you like hang on loose loose.
I recommended the movie to him and like you didn't tell me what happened in the world does this. He always does that so why are you surprised you ruin movies for people.
I never do you like I have like doing that. I mean that's not going to ruin the movie more but you know he likes to fix the edge off.
He'll walk down the beach and kicks in. He's the edge off. He looks for some. Also the one that I did for best picture were the Truman Compote story. Compote the ensemble drama crash which everybody and we get a lot of people called and said what that's really great.
I just got a copy of that yesterday too. By the way you interrupted me I was going to offer you something. Yeah I got a copy somehow magically.
A legal copy and a legal copy of Brokeback Mountain yesterday. Yeah and if you would like I'll burn you and send you out. I watch it.
I mean I'm sure as I wouldn't go out and buy it and my thing wants it for free. I'm reading board tier a tierless.
Trimitless the wife and daughter are going to watch it while I watch crash and I watch it too so send these along. I mean I'm and and those are for free.
I'm sure you got those. Oh without a doubt. Well there you go. It's opposed to these that I'm sending you from amazon.com and I'm paying the big bucks for like this.
I'm going to have bucks I spend for that whatever that while I am spending the money on the blight DVDs that I copy.
Also nominated for best picture were Truman Capote story the ensemble drama crash the Edward R. Murrow Chronicle goodnight and good luck and the assassination thriller Munich.
Which most people with the brain says a really piece of crap and wide Steven Spielberg give the inocie hell is good proper and I want to be free.
Not going to apologize for the assassins I don't get I didn't see it but I've heard a lot of returning bad things about an edition which Steven Spurlberg in Spurlberg.
The Johnny Cash biography or walked the line considered to be likely best picture nominee was shut out.
The Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon earned acting nominations. I guess people want to know about these.
I have no idea why because it's just another one of these stupid award shows. Oh are we great man you were great man I was great in this and I was really sensational and I had.
Three films were tied with six nominations each crash goodnight and good luck and memoirs of a geisha.
Though geisha was shut out in the top two categories. Munich which had fallen off many awards analyst picture picture picture after a lukewarm reception scored well with five nominations including director for Steven Spielberg.
That's just a spielberg thing see they all got their head up his ass. King Kong directed by Lord of the Rings creator Peter Jackson earned only technical nominations losing out in all major categories George Clooney picked up three nominations as supporting actor for his role as a steadfast CIA under coverage in in Seriana.
I'll get that to you Seriana and best director and and co writer for a good night. I guess good night and good luck is probably on a TB Dino when you think I would imagine I'm going to go get it today.
I mean it's not one of those that I would go into the theater to see or I'm going to wait till it's on I want to see it but because having a known Edward Armurrow who was the epitome of.
He actually did say that I listen even the guy like him made a mistake is reading the yeah he's reading the a scroll on air and he said the he is the epitome of whatever.
Very bad very embarrassing especially while it's puffing when I'm damn cancer sticks. It was the first time ever that a content was honored with acting and directing nominations for two different movies for George Clooney son of Betty Clooney come on in my house my house.
So come on everybody Clooney of course not she's dead come on sure and I'm sorry I say Betty Clooney Rosemary Clooney excuse me. Now wait a minute we see this son of Betty Clooney or Rosemary Clooney Rosie that's good.
Rosemary Clooney come on in my house Betty Clooney was her sister and I think she was once married to Jose Ferrer Rosemary Clooney if I'm not mistaken he had a nose for the good stuff along with best actor contender ledger and directing nominee Lee wrote back
Mountain Square nominations for Michelle Williams supporting actress and you love her yes I do a lot Jake Hill on all the supporting actor and Josh loves him and Larry Mac he's in Donnie Darker where he dies me and and Larry Macmurtsy and Diana was son of for the screenplay
ad action of N. Prools prudes a short story whatever by the way you know heath and Michelle are getting it on they're getting together well I'd like to say no he doesn't he's boring.
The acting categories were mixed to familiar on your faces such as pest winners Judy Dentch rhymes with stench and Charlie's their own who we love a lot veterans like Clooney with a school Rachel White from that awful awful awful horrible movie David star staffer Aaron and Felicity Huffman and young performance such as Williams and Amy Adams.
The little scene more often the best actor favor his remarkable embodiment of compote joy ledger the best actor category but a beep at the boot but there you go.
So there you were Academy Award nominations and hey are we great didn't we do a fabulous job and let's all get all dressed up and dolled up and see who looks so really the sloppiest and crappiest and who looks the best and all of the other girl we are the award shows us leave me limp.
But you will watch the Oscars won't you know no not for a second no.
Okay I keep trying to get to my stuff but I will eventually I want the audience to get really involved there were that Greg Cotex go to my my my me her website on at the front page there and go about three quarters of the way downwards his blogs and went under Dave Barry's blogs which I can't believe that they bury still alive.
Greg Cotex ramblings of a stupid mind or something like that and right there's a big man he really built this one up the finals seven idea against five sixty I guess Q.A.M.
Very a fair and very you know give him a good running star but I think we're going to kick their ass eventually.
And it's very important to us by the way well here's more polls from Sean thank you Sean you demand Sean and I'm not doing that crap about we're leaving this one on here today we can add some more onto it.
I'm getting back into that rotation getting way ahead of myself and I'm not a good idea.
Twenty eight past ten I'll tell you what is a good idea to go on to you with fantastic meal this weekend but you live near downtown for a lot of day or not I want to tell you about a restaurant that's worth a drive from anywhere in South Florida.
Tara stake in lobster house which recently opened their second location on the 17 speed causeway in prestigious for a lot of day you can find Tara and there really is a Tara.
She's there every night greeting guests at a new 200 see restaurant and live proudly bringing East Coast residents the same unique terror dining experience which earned her Marco Island restaurant near perfect of Marksons against survey in a wine spectator award of excellence wine list now both thing over three hundred eighty selections from the world's greatest wine regions.
The main attraction of Tara stake in lobster house is just as the name would suggest to you stake and lobster but they also do a fine job with everything on the menu from their cognac infused lobster bisque to mom's kinds of cramped cakes to their selection of fresh seafood and chops.
Regarding by many is the Peter Lugers of the South after the legendary stake house in New York Tara stake in lobster house incorporates family recipes to complete the menu sauces and resting are made fresh in house every day meticulously hand selected right age short ones and accordance with the proprietary method are used to prepare the signature porterhouse for one two three or four serve cut away from the bone on a sizzling platter.
Are you are they bringing your food I would hope I hope one of these days I sure hope so like that porterhouse for ten sweet and tender is the only way to describe the lobster.
The collection of Tara's which are maintained with tender loving care and spacious tanks fed by a bio wheel three to six pound may loves to prepare steam world on request or stuff or lump crab meat also available is a compliment to the state selections for the ultimate surf and turf don't miss Tara's happy hour every Monday through Friday with two from one specialty drinks or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday from five thirty to seven thirty when you stay for dinner.
Tara stake in lobster house sensational place that you're going to enjoy there at fourteen thirty southeast seventeen sweet causeway in for a lot of the column tool free from anywhere in Florida at eight six six Tara for four four four that's eight six six T.A. R.A.
444 or visit their website terror stake in lobster house dot com and don't forget when the subject is great stake you'll be hearing about Tara stake house it is out of this world.
This is me Rogers this is five sixty two eight.
Once in a generation a movie comes along that changes the way we look and think about film brought back mountain is that film
here's what people in New York City are saying about broke back mountain broke back mountain I love that movie it's one of my favorites literally I cried the entire time and he pledged his performance it was amazing I love that movie here's what people in Arkansas are saying about
broke back mountain I mean you see that's what I mean I don't know I spoke to I'm too guy and then it's too high unfortunately his head just exploded
here's what people in Los Angeles are saying about broke back mountain beautiful I'm really how's that for anything more just fabulous fantastic here's what people in Utah are saying about
broke back mountain I thought I was going to see a how boy movie and you know in a pop can it just went unfortunately his head just exploded this winter one movie is breaking box office records and connecting with the heart and soul of America broke back mountain has one virtually every major critics group award for best picture here's what people in San Francisco are saying about broke back mountain it's magic here in simple magic
they felt this movie in my soul my heart here's what people in Alabama are saying about broke back mountain my god is a couple of day guys in it unfortunately his head just exploded broke back mountain not for everyone especially if you live in a square state I'm just looking to see if I can get I can't get on the hero website all of a sudden must be some activity on there like a lot can you odorego is finally very slow everything else is popping up real fast light
just like that okay great code text random evidence of a cluttered mind vote QA versus seven 90 the ticket a lot of pressure on this today don't you feel it I feel something which of the two big big two stations you prefer for sports radio as Greg and they need to give them a nice running star because they must have been pumped up this morning although sure wasn't a lot of votes on there and look at what just happened there holy moly rat man I voted and by the way yes something why yeah by the way something
yeah why doesn't ours a sports radio 560 WQ a m it just says I notice is just seven 90 the ticket been next has Greg is on the payroll order it's on it is head up but then the back to our tag on there yeah that's right sports radio 560 WQ a and with that obnoxious the arrived your show in the middle which is the sports you'll
say all that right because it's it's a rigged pool and you know he and his buddy got over together with their all let's get ourselves a lot of publicity and there was a really an of all the idiotic comments on the his blog there all I'm stupid comments mostly from
add aka Steve was a steam a gallon Steve McGowan there was one comment that claimed to somebody from an ad agency and it's that we all know that 790 has gotten a
audience anyway any agency is going to buy Q a m because we know they got the numbers and you got nothing so you can take all these fully contriples you want nobody's buying your crap
but we just tired of other sales people yes we did what's your name but very nice person and she's already got an account she's already sold something on a station how do you
like that's new guts which of the two big stage you prefer Q a m 143 seven 90 the ticket 83 and they were like about 50 ahead of us
or 430 anyway how many but 30 man my first ticket this morning and it's because they had to head start and they need to head start now should we go into the
individual categories might as well as well go with it right do it let's go with it now okay who is your favorite self-fortus sports radio
of personality of course these are the finals now this is the runoff and of course in our case it's almost everybody had on the
first one because he only listed four people from our station in the first place jackass let's see I'm going to vote for
a mad dog because I think he's going to be the winner and everybody likes to win her right right who's your favorite self-fortus look at that
mandate 67 0 rose 47 to think we'll think about that once upon a time not that long we had them both no one handle a bastard I beg your pardon and then what happened
Greg screwed up as usual by the way Greg I'm here a lot of reports about you running around hanging out ratings books and
running around your dumber reads like I guess you got something to do and Joe Belsa stay out of his way
Dan LeBaster 31 and Hank Goldberg 28th the Humpernut off to a great start so he could he could have pumped that up this morning be to know about this
maybe tomorrow can pump it who is your least favorite self-fortus sports radio personality with a hump or I believe is doing very well on that one
let me just vote for Sid Rosenberg who definitely will walk out very soon a least favorite
then about the Humpern 52 LeBaster just went on top 54 LeBaster's on top of Hank when I must be in
couple that's a very good country it's not going to be judge Elito and work oh man just just go on a
Schmidt there and we're ready mr.
shout out thank God for him with or without the Mary Joe compact me who neither that bitch anyway right Dan
LeBaster 54 Hank Goldberg 52 Sid Rosenberg 38 awful high number forgot nobody ever heard of and Orlando
else a Gary only 19 how do you like that he is really rock solid he to man so I guess that's it
for right now the most favorite least favorite and we're just kicking their ass now and we'll continue to
have like 50,000 votes how do you like that Dan LeBaster and Greg Hotex is work same guy by the way
you know you just take he just puts on the glasses and starts singing and then Dan LeBaster becomes
Greg Hotex you know that I did not know that same guy it's cost cutting move at the
hill they got like it's a two for deal rights two columns under two different names with the same jackass
Corretta Scott King who turned a life shattered by her husband's assassination into one devoted to
enshrining his legacy of human rights and equality has died she was 78 young who was a former civil rights
activist who was close to the King family our andrium told NBC broke the news during a phone call he
made the speech at H.O. I was not expecting it she had the nil for the past few months but for
first reaction was she was ready to cross on over he said she was ready to cross on over
and that a great line for the other side no comment asked how we found out about her death young
said I understand she was asleep last night her daughter tried to wake her up and she didn't wake
up because she was dead she suffered a serious stroke and heart attack in 2005 which is probably
not a good idea if you want to stay alive she was a supporter lieutenant to her husband the Reverend
Martin Luther King Jr. during the most tumultuous days of the American civil rights movement she had
married him in 53 after her husband's assassination in a Memphis on April 4th 68 he kept his Vima
alive also raising the four children and but a bit but a bit about she go didn't pull for more
than a decade that her husband's birthday observed as a national holiday and then watch with
Pride in 83 as President Reagan signed the bill of the law of the first federal holiday celebrated in 86
in fact didn't I take that they off this year yes thank you very much I love you thank you for
the day off although I think I lost my answer would buy my face like I said well she was ready to
cross over to the other side you heartless and sensitive okay Armadillo Cafe I thought we
opened in me or they gone I don't know well John Louisiana you know John I hate to break the
news to you but if you're over there in Louisiana don't be and the stickin you know what's going
on in South Florida like me having an opinion Armadillo Cafe and Davy they moved over there to
the pizza loft Paisa right okay where a savings buffet used to be I do believe remember
savings buffet okay it's a these the say bring your teeth in a glass and I think they're still
around Armadillo Cafe I'd be I'd be shocked if they're actually closed anyway here was the final
on that first poll which I've guessed today on yesterday's poll who is the biggest A-hole in
South Florida print media 1021 votes now that's not bad especially when you enter the category who
the hell are they Dan LaBaxter at 613 Greg Cotex 240 went and who are they who are these people
167 so who are they got almost as many as Greg Cotex they don't know who you guys are they're
one of them do with you Yamama so socks and Helen etc and so on I'm going to keep a close
tab this week we're going to work feverishly to get to M45000 votes even though of course we're
not included but because it says your favorite sports station never the less 14 players now you
raise a good point seven I need the ticket you know as opposed to just WQM like we like we're
vanilla you know we're vanilla just a plain ordinary like tapioca but I have to really laugh all
these comments of all of battered so entertaining and so on music yeah right give me a break
he's a clown he's a jerk a jackass remember when he used to a couple of times he like
he erupted us on a year because he had the pot open back there he was recording that stupid ESPN
show that's the first time I ever heard him and then I saw him on ESPN one day and they were all
just ripping him an ass and making a clown out of him was he he fitted very well he need was the
bozo with the red nose he needed to borrow the patch Adam's nose from Robin Williams
you're a clown Danny boy you're a pretender you and your buddy Stugots who's got a rich daddy
that's the story over there across the street everybody's got a rich daddy Joel Feinberg
Stugots so they're playing radio they don't even they don't even own the radio station they just
like leasing it you know like like leasing like running month to month so we can leasing yeah so
you can leasing the leasters boy and then the four and a half million year for the dolphins my god
I'm thinking we ought to give them the panthers too and when you're shopping for shoes comfort fed
value is what it's all about I've been telling you that for a long long time brandy shoes and
pompano beach man you can't be it when you want to take good care of your feet because your
feet aren't in good shape you've got real service baby they carry all the top brands they got
rockport floor strime echo mafisto s a s new balance all the top names in the shoe business at
unbeatable prices and the professional shoe fitters of brandy's will make dang sure you have
a customized video favorite comfort shoe whatever style you pick out that appeals to your eye
and just about betcha I'll bet you a Maddie Bell's life on it they got your size on the shelf right
just life on your feet right there just ask for Arnie he'll make sure you get the perfect fit
with the right price they even specialize in wide widths as well if you got big gigantic embarrassing
fat ones brandy's is worth the trip from just about any place in South Florida so don't forget for
that unbeatable combination comfort style fit value in selection in other words what's not to like
brandy shoes 1290 North Federal Highway and pompano beach open daily Monday through Saturday till 9
and every Sunday even till five and this week every week they got something special for and this
week it's another great week to shop at Brandy's because men's and women's spherry topside
are a great value attend to 20 bucks off the already low prices only this week and only a brandy
shoes in pompano beach this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62
yes
then
That's absolutely it.
What?
Nah.
At those lips of peace,
And if we get caught,
Or a little drunk,
Will he make us rot in jail for life?
Yes, yes.
Should we like a little baby?
Yes, yes.
Let the world say it's insane.
Yes, yes.
Wish we'll stand by him forever.
But we'll be the same.
My rights will reign.
That's a bad, that's a bad, that's a good thing.
We're only too late.
My rights will reign.
I have a suggestion for all your parents out there.
Don't trust your kids with a man who wears a dress.
I could be crazy, but you know,
Well, trust your children,
but they're not who wear that dress.
Even if it's a lovely dress.
Even if it's like the Pope who wears a dress,
And was really lovely, red slippers.
Never trust a guy who wears red slippers,
Or a beanie, or all of these things.
Pastor Charged in Frecus,
Says the upon beach post,
Port St. Lucie.
A St. Lucie West pastor was charged with Mr. Meener battery
Yesterday after a parent concerned about the
Minister's arrest record told police he was pushed
After removing his children from a church-sponsored school.
David Paul Smith, President and Chief Executive's officer
of the River of Life, a Christian worship center,
Was issued a notice to appear in court for a
The first degree of Mr. Meener,
Which carries the maximum penalty of a year in county jail.
Four parents with eight children enrolled in St. Lucie Academy
Went to the school yesterday morning to remove their children
After running that Smith was the same pastor,
Who closed the Oasis of Jensen Beach Church in school in 98,
And fled with a former church secretary who later recieved him a beating her.
Smith, 50 served in 90 days sentence in Mary and County jail
For a threatening to appear on the battery charge.
In 2003 it was convicted on another charge
Of resisting police without violence according to court records.
In 96 it was declared a habitual traffic violator,
And had his license be vote for several years day record show.
Remember that priest in Arizona I believe was
They did the hit and run and all the ass.
Remember?
Yep.
He's cooling his heels.
And now that they put, they kept this guy in jail to kill father Gagan,
They are like ship him around the country to take care of all these other,
I like that guy.
Yeah.
All these other slime ball priests.
I'm sorry for the redundancy.
A man who wears a dress is not the kind of guy to be counseling anybody on anything.
Okay, so maybe fashion and bad fashion of that.
Maybe it could counsel some of those people are going to show up at the Oscars.
You know, every year they have, oh, who is the worst dress to who I am, etc. and so on.
Okay, here's the pull we got going right now beside the court.
The red code text one which is the movie we really want to consider.
Ted Kennedy, our together in voting their concern about whether a judge will lead up.
How happened to him?
And he looks great.
He's like, he looked like he was on death's door.
He looked like Ariel Sharon.
I was speaking to him of which we have seen over the period of these recent years
and which all Americans are reminded of.
Oh, if we only had 99 more like Ted Kennedy, we'd have a more few, you know,
a few more dead chicks falling off the bridge, but nevertheless, at least we get somewhere.
Somebody with some balls that stands up there in screens and shouts and tells it like it is.
You go Ted.
Part of Dr. King's whole movement.
See, there you go.
Nice talking about movements.
Okay, how's that restaurant pool coming?
What's this thing that you did?
Oh, see, fans were disheartened last summer when they closed a much acclaimed restaurant
the Armadillo.
Costs were exorbitant.
They moved to that gigantic yell and 11,000 square foot space.
They used to be say, say these buffet, I mean, they are across from Nova.
But I don't know what it says.
Well, what can you narrow this down?
I would like to read.
They closed and there's another restaurant open with the chef, the former chef and some of the staff.
Instead of shopping and working with his wife's station inside a gourmet market and plantation,
they opened and missed December.
But in mid-December, unless you heard about it to the grapevine, it's easy to miss it.
It's in a shopping plaza across from the Broward Mall.
Is that in the fashion shops, by the way?
Oh, sorry, kiss the death of it is.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I don't know.
Forty seat oasis in a shopping plaza.
So we're not going to put the Armadillo on there because they're still in business.
In fact, let's, I wish to have this stairway tell us exactly where it is, but it doesn't.
Leave it to the herald.
What a piece of turd.
Thanks to whoever faxed this in, by the way, because those people, I put them on a map as a matter of fact.
Do you remember that?
Yep.
The Armadillo Cafe.
And then it kind of turned on me, but that's okay.
They had that vest of the dessert.
What's the dessert?
Oh my god, with the stuff on top, the sugar.
Oh, cramp, we know that we're late.
Oh, man.
Everything was really great.
Everything was great.
It was a great stuff.
Wow, and their soups were fantastic.
And anyway, Armadillo Cafe is still open.
Somewhere in plantation, somebody will let us know exactly where.
Thank you for the good news.
Okay, let's get to that restaurant pool.
Shall we?
Do it.
And know the children, well, she was an extraordinary mother.
What was the best soft food at a restaurant the close in the last 20 years?
Here's what we got.
726 votes.
I think we got a shot at 1,000 that day, Josh.
You think?
726, I think, is little as I can.
Burton Jackson just kicking serious ass 151.
I bet you're Mr. Ego voted several times.
Mr. Fremey, he looked at peppercorn shosh.
And the parmesan cheese.
I know I said that yesterday, but it just cracks me up.
Peppercorn, so yeah, I'm one of those guys.
I've never cared much for peppercorn sauce on my cream brulee.
No?
Or like on my pasta, I was never too crazy about it.
But nevertheless, Burton Jackson was very good.
In fact, you remember the meal at UNI and Ronner Think Wolf and Pete Boulder had there when they said,
we just paid Steve Nichol to go away.
If I lived to be a thousand, I'll remember.
Wow.
And we thought we don't really care about that.
We just want to free food, thank you.
Burton Jackson was great.
And then 9-11 put them out of business.
Yep.
Because the pork they had like closed down all those rolls and the whole day on 9-11 put them out.
Nice place.
Yeah, it was very good.
And they were very nice to us.
Warpies 91, Pumpkin X-44, my pie 36, that nice Chicago-style thick pizza.
And of course, if you're going to steal some pizza, why not steal some of the thick stuff?
That'll take a photo.
Oh, that's right.
This...
Oh, God, do we miss him.
The studio 33, good old Freddie, man, may he rest in peace.
What a great place that was.
Corkeys in North Miami Beach 33, tied with a studio.
Another one of my favorite places, when he had those great little potato pancakes and that fast, fantastic, a task at a biscuit, we'd love that brisket.
Remember that?
And now we still got Corkeys, where is it in Tamarack?
Where's the one where they bring you occasionally something?
A little petropline.
Always it?
Yeah.
But the one in North Miami Beach was a landmark.
And like I've always said, when that one closed up, that was like, oh boy, I kissed it up.
New York State House 31, Marty Sussman in Reston, P.S.
Boy, he was a big guy, too fat, Marty.
Put down a fork, too late.
But that was a good place.
It started out over on the beach and they were like at Biscayne in the somewhere.
And I told you, that's the last time I ate there, I had dinner with Big Wilson.
He was tinkling on the piano there.
Big Wilson was tinkling at the New York State House, I think we're going to like, get washed away.
Look at Mr. Coney Island and the ground round, they each got...
And I still say Mr. Coney Island turned into where they filthyest place and now they're gone.
Down under 28, Hemingway's 28, Mike Gordon's 25, Cassavecchi's 23, Tina Spaghetti House 22.
I do believe if my man was correct, the first time I ever came as a tourist to Fort Lauderdale,
like in 50 years, maybe I was later than that.
I had dinner at Tina Spaghetti House.
Are you excited about that?
Nope.
And now it's gone.
Rocky Graziani's, I'm glad to see you, that's doing well, along with English, probably dole meets you have 17.
Rocky Graziani's, I would say, 125th in Biscayne, 135th in Biscayne, right up by the Charter, which is the last place.
Vito 16, that was right across from where the unicorn used to be.
We still know if the unicorn is still open there in North Aid.
Yeah.
And like, I would sure.
Vito's 16, Il Milino's 16, that's the one in...
How come I put in parentheses, and Il Milino, I put... I didn't do it.
I'm talking about the one in Davie, my bad.
Tisano's 10, Mitch's 8th house 9, Clifford's 8th, Vinnie's 7th, top of the home 7th, and the Hungarian Charter only 3, a settlement they trace, out of 794.
We're going to get to 1000 today.
And I also want to see his get to 1000, I've got a great coach blog poll too.
I want QM to have 50 million, even if he hates us, even if he can't stand this station, lie a lot, just to piss him off, okay?
And you know something else?
I want you to stop and think about this.
Not only he doesn't have any slogan for us, but stop and think of this.
What should it say? It should say WQM and WAXY.
Those are the colliders.
Or nobody knows the colliders over there because Waxi was where Rickie and Skugg used the work on Waxi.
It was an FM baby 105.9, which is now big.
That's where Ricky Tiki's Charlotte is, smelly capy used to work out, but he Ricky Tiki on Waxi 105.9.
That was Waxi.
And he listened to this crap they got ironed out, especially Daniel Bastard and Stu Gottz, you'll get Waxi buildup man.
There'll be big clumps of mong hanging out of your ears.
People looking to laugh, they'll fall on the ground laughing their ass off when they see a wall spy.
When a big bunch of all those potatoes growing out of your ears.
You know what I'm saying?
Waxi buildup baby is bad, it'll kill you.
It's alive.
I am not a Nazi, it was Ricky Tiki's char, good buddy.
And it's funny how that turned around, huh?
Loads of life as well.
And we hope he's doing well, okay?
There's one of my favorite people in town, you know?
Next to Mike Vanieri, who ain't with us no more.
Rick Shaw, a legend, 40 plus.
I bet he's up there on the room almost 50 years now in town.
I'm going on 30 and...
About 30, man.
One big stink in deal.
This guy's been on the over 40 years in South Florida.
And does anybody write any, I mean there was a thing about him a few years ago, you know?
That one Jigga was writing about radio before he had upon his radio.
Hey, speaking of losing stuff, if you lost your hair all you guys out there,
you've got a bad hair loss problem, or if you're currently wearing some kind of a piece,
you better listen to this.
Our good friend Charles Alfie Erie has been supplying a design hair system for showbiz people.
Politicians and more importantly, every day guys just like you,
throw over 40 long, amazing years now.
And most people say he can always spot a hair system.
Those are the bad ones, the Nazi looking muskrats.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, the ones like that.
But think about this, how many good hair systems go on notice you think it's the real thing?
Charles Alfie Erie's hair systems are completely naturally looked like real hair.
Designed with just the right amount of hair and they proper recessions.
Run your hands through it, the hair too.
It looks and feels just like your own hair.
And for just 99 bucks, Charlie will customize the design hair system for you.
You try it for a couple of weeks if you're happy with the way it looks and feels.
You keep it for just an additional 500 bucks.
Charlie is so confident that you'll be satisfied he offers you the following guarantee.
If you're not completely happy with your hair system, if you're not getting an action like every hour on the hour,
just return it and Charlie gives you back your 99 bucks.
You've got nothing to lose but that ugly shiny ball spot that makes you look 20 years older.
That's an offer you really can't refuse unless you're nuts.
So call Charlie today and get a great look and head of hair back.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
Make an appointment.
Their studio is in for Lauderdale.
They'll sit you rash down and show you this how much better they can make you guys look.
1-800-321-2413 around the wicked web, Charles Alfie Erie.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-A-M.
This is your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being chopped to bits by a finely honed meat fever.
This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brain's real food for real people.
Alright.
I was sleeping in the car just trying to take a seat.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
I'm dying on the air. Why was I being fine?
It's 1103, happy Tuesday from your good 5 John's. Last day of January, baby, tomorrow
will be February. You know exciting? Okay. It means a month from tomorrow and it's a big
30th anniversary. We got that CD coming out and Duff is going to come in here and do
a Kazzaski and sing karaoke. What's up?
Feelings. Oh boy. Oh yeah, I can feel it now. He's going to like give out my email address
to everybody in the building. So I got this so looking at the Alito vote and the confirmation
I mean the coronation is going on right now. 20 or 22 to 4 so far. A simple majority
51 is all they need. They got the votes so don't confuse us with the discussion. Why
do they waste all that time? 22 to 5, 22 to 6.
Friends and I. I. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, how
do you like this? What about just silly people? No? Mr. Fine Gold. No. No. No. No. No.
The fine sign. No. No. Mr. Fritz. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh, yes. Mr. Fritz. I. I'll
play more. Albert and feelings. So anyway, here's the deal. You go to this red code text thing.
This is the this will keep a lot of you off the street today. And obviously we're having
great success. And I'm not doing it because you know what the ratings come out. We kick
their ass all the time and they had that bogeist April last year and they had the bogeist
December with a dolphin thing with a hurricane. That's fine. And they can talk. They can
convince themselves that they're doing something. But our sales a whole lady that we just
spirited away from them who haven't only seems to be on some on the ball. She said they
couldn't sell a glass of water to a starving herb in the desert for a dime. That's what
she said. And you hear her say that this morning? I don't know. She said they couldn't sell
her out of a paper sack of it. She said who wants to buy that crap? She said you go
in there say I'm from Waxi and they say what's that? They get they reach for the cutips.
Anyway, that's what she said. They you know, you can talk yourselves into it but that doesn't
make the number go up into book comes up. You'll see here is the vote from Greg Kotex
about random evidence on his blog. You go on a herald and on the page, the front page
where the blogs are two thirds of way down on the right. And there it says Greg Kotex
a random, random idiot vote WQ and verses seven. I need a ticket. And there's the pictures
man. Looks like a rogue gallery. There is the big old who looks like he looks like he's
in a carnival. You know where you stick your head through that hole and it's on a different
body. Are you looking at that? Yeah. Yeah. Am I right? Yeah. That's the head doesn't match
the body. Although the head does look rock solid. Then there's Hank who I don't know.
He looks like he's got the shrunken head on a huge body there. I mean, and a little
reddened of course. He must have just eaten a deli. Then there's Danny Boyle of Bastard
who's got the bad haircut. Really frizzy. He looks like all distorted there. Then there's
mad dog a picture from about 50 years into the future. Looks about a hungry, like a nursing
home picture of the mad dog. Then there's Joe Rose who looks very as smiley and happy
doing probably looks like a cartoon character. They're not distorted. They're all on.
And then I guess I assume that must be Sydney Rosenberg down there looking like a mug shot.
Doesn't it? Like old black and white from a newspaper. Looks like an old hockey player
there is something. I don't know. I have it with silly putt. Looks like a guy that took
off and looked down. Anyway, so here's the deal. Who's your favorite self-loader radio
person? Now let's go for the Humper this time. Okay? And of course you can keep doing this
over and over again. It's very scientific. So far favorite mad dog 95. Is there any doubt
about it? No. There you go. Jim Mandis who's going to be doing two to six starting
minutes Mondays the room where I'm hearing. Starting. And let me say again, the audience
will like whoever they like. That's who they'll support whoever they like. Not who
Neil likes. Not who George hates, but whoever they like. Oh, 41 to 21. He's almost got
the 51 votes already. I could see you. Yeah. Who's your favorite sports for now?
The man dog 95. Joe Rose 58. Hank 46. He's starting to move on up. And of course, once
he gets on this tomorrow, Danny Boyle of bastard 39 last place. Your favorite. He's in
last place. Danny Boyle of bastard by a mile. How do you like that? Who's your least
favorite? I'm voting for a Sid Rosenberg this time. Send him back to the I'ma show.
What's a match made in heaven? Okay. Let's see your least favorite. Dan LaBaster 91.
The Humper 66. Sid Rosenberg 45. It's an awful lot for the guy that's only been on the
air for like five minutes. And Orlando the big old me 23. They love that rock solid.
Even though he's got that big head on the funny body. And now last and definitely not
least. Here comes the most important. Which of the two, the big two states you prefer
for sports radio? WQA, I mean, it should say waxy, but it says seven out of the ticket
because he's trying to fix the thing there. And look at that. Looky, looky. Here comes
cookie. Is winner used to say remember that? Looky, looky, here comes cookie. He did say
that didn't he? He said a lot of funny things. He just he was all right. He was one of those
people you had to be around for a while. He'll really understood what he was like. You
know what I'm saying? He was an easy guy to misunderstand. Squirt, Squirt. There you go.
Which of the two big still? But he was a good guy. QIM 314 and 790, the ticket 101. Now
it started us before anybody knew about that was the whole idea. That was the game plan.
Give them about a 50 yard, a 50 mile advantage there. The only problem is there people didn't
respond the way our people are responding here. Okay. I'm the show that got left off
of that pole. It certainly should have been on. And would have kicked everybody's ass.
How do you like that? Is there any doubt about that? No. No. And he even admitted that.
Even admitted that Friday when he wrote that swill on there with the excuse about well,
do you listen to a sports or what the hell is that guy to do with it? Still on this
station. Supposedly this is QIM against Waxi. So he takes the highest rated show with
the biggest audience. He just just conveniently leaves us off with the excuse that he doesn't
do a sports show. Well, guess what? Yamama. I've forgotten more about sports than most
of you so-called experts will ever know. And if I ever remembered it, man, then I'd be
really dangerous. You know, I'm saying what is he know about Frank Mahavali? What is he
know about Furny Flamin? Huh? What is he know about Mike Pelican, Jim Dury? I know one
thing about Jim Dury. He sure looked good. Anyway, so that's what you got so far. 314-101.
Anybody want to talk about that leaf wind last night? I'm going to talk to you over the
Panthers. It's a joke. I'm just joshing it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, so now we can get this thing
going. I want to see thousands of votes on that damn thing. I want you people once and
for all. This is an honor of my anniversary. 30 years in a market coming up a month from
tomorrow to go on there and vote. And I'm not even on there. Just for QIM, okay? Just for
all the crap that we've been through with Greg Reed and Joyce and the beeslees and
Duff, you heard my email address to Fatboy. And again, I know he didn't do it maliciously
just out of pure stupidity. You know, wake up and sniff the daffodils, okay? Duff, wake
up and sniff the pansies. Oh, here we did. 5, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So when are you going
to be sending me the movies now? I want to can't wait to see Bearback Mountain. Oh, really
sad. No, you were. No, I'm just joking. If I see it fine, if I don't see it, I'll watch
it because you're sending it because it's free. Right. Exactly. And I'll give them a couple
of, I'll just see what all of the hoopla is all about. I'm afraid I already know what the
hoopla is all about. Oh, a couple of gay cowboys. Holy cow. How's it? Oh, bunch of guys
like that. Oh, this thing that we see Raven Burwin. Oh, he was. Wow. Well, you know, they
got a wrestle with their consciences. Yeah, they're wrestling with more than that. And
talking about heads exploding. Well, that's an understory. Okay. Joyce upset. Look at
that phone, man. Are these people with it? Well, they're busy voting on that red
cortex pool. That's what they're doing. WQ. Way. And hello. I'm going to. Yes, sir.
Hey, a couple things for you. Mm hmm. I think you and George Josh put together a little
month and put the moment on retainer. Yeah. So you can do on location shots for you guys
and you have all the material. We already got the material. Trust me. We got everything
the man ever said we got. Okay. We already have an agreement to all we have to do is feed
and piece it. Oh, yeah. And secondarily, the only thing that Levertart has on his show is
one guy named Frank Kelli and he's really, really funny, but that's it. That's the whole
show. Who the hell is that? He's as comedian. He does impersonations of Pacino and Bush.
Oh, he's got a comedian on his show. Well, isn't that just entertaining? Yeah, but otherwise
his show blows. And you're right. I know I'm right. Okay. Thanks, Valley. Thank you. So he's
got a guy and of course he's younger and hip or you know what I hold it. I got news. He
don't look all that young and that picture to me. It looks like an old toad with a bad
bad guy. I was set up call. By the way, Frank Kelli and I don't you probably have seen
him from the the NFL down pregame. You know, the the Terry Bradshaw and I don't know what
is that crap? No, I'm just saying he makes fun of them. He dresses up as them and does
impersonations of them. Oh, in other words, he's got a female impersonator on there,
huh? Is that what it's all about? He's got a kind of dresses up like a priest. Well,
that's good. That's very entertaining. Very good, Danny Boy. Go back to the newspaper.
Okay. Quick try to be everybody thinks they're a blood cast. You know, like Lenny Martez,
he's a blood cast. And still got he's a blood cast. Man. And next time for a stripper
comes in and just shoot him. Okay. He's going on my nerves with it. I got no good.
He's got I don't like his attitude. It's like, you know, I'm picking on him. I don't
I don't pick on anybody unless they do something that frost my ass. They go find job. I'll
be the first one to say a nice going, baby. Right? Or if they don't do something that's
supposed to. Yeah. Then I'll just rip him a big ass and deserve it. So I only rip ass
words deserved and believe me in this place. A lot of deserving going. This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
Oh my god. Your breasts are beautiful.
We know it's confirmed, Danny.
Now we sing theune.
And we try and behavioral.
country hated feared and despised and reviled all around the universe even on your
reign as they're not too happy about us. 58s 40 know which means there's two
what quizzlings out there who still may be their ill and or whatever the deal is
how come the other two didn't vote yet I don't know that's not exactly
overwhelming though when you come right down to it eh 58 to 40 in fact is the
other two vote again 58 to 41 now there's only one to I think it's got to be
58s and 42 now that's not overwhelming and if the democrats wouldn't like
rolled over in the spread their legs and they had more people in the center
think of a beateness cramp but they didn't do it 58 to 42 like I just said
it's a final tally 58 I and 42 absolutely no on olido he's been confirmed
just in time for the dog and pony show tonight you gonna be watching any of
that no are you kidding me I wouldn't watch a second I'm gonna be watching
arguing to you that you're right but he's gonna be rolling around in the
second I'm gonna be watching Lisa pummel a Tampa Bay anything besides that
cramp oh but it's the state of the union and they're all gonna be a party air
right if the democrats had any balls and I read an article on the web about
this they all should sit there on sit on their hands no applause when he comes
out still all cheering there well just out of respect how can every
spectra but you know it's really something when we got to start agreeing with
I'm in the prime and also I hear he that Bush is a butcher and a murderer it's
pretty sad when we got to start agreeing that they are got their thumb on it
finally although nice headgear by the way I'm in
winter the two big stations you prefer for a sports radio grid code tanks
wants to know 474 votes so far we'll get that thing up over a thousand before I
leave here at two o'clock today or my name is a Ignats isca Bibel a B isca
Bibel a B Solomon 369 today prefer Q a M 105 say they prefer seven
nine to the ticket which is just a wax if you're gonna put our call iters then
you should put waxy not seven nine to the ticket but then again to do it
everything in their power to try to like you know boost them say boost them up
over there you don't deal with this huh they'll do anything they heard us that's
what Joel Feinberg said isn't I'll do anything to kill those batches over
there all those Jew bastards on Q a M he thinks even mad dogs Jewish you want to
see how the personalities are doing so far who's your favorite self-ported
sports personality you want to see it whatever mad dog 114 tank 50
uh... readman joe rosa 59 56 he's read on josez and then love bastard only
forty five in last place Danny boy you suck and you can have all the set up calls
you want about uh... Frank Kelly and oh and Anthony Kelly and oh and Frank
afford and this one and that one and nobody gives a crap okay you suck your
joke who's your least favorite self-ported sports radio person out let's say
Dan love bastard I guess to be my vote
because it Rosenberg I mean he's got his own issues right let's not be picking
on for said a level from the best how come the same coming up or here goes
are you least favorite
uh... down a bastard one on nine
thanks seventy
said the kids uh... fifty four and Orlando the big old twenty four he really
is a lot of the fact he's out early in the morning with everybody sleeping
that might have some to do with
and he's okay he's like he's like you he's just bland you know just there
kind of like all that pictured yeah i don't know
kind of strange
seventy q a m. hello
i was voting central hello
yes sir
on a movie last night uh... about flight ninety three there's a part when they
want to scramble the f-16s and go after the plane
yeah but they couldn't because they didn't have authority uh... they should
show the picture in a little corner there bush reading the book reading the
political kids in sarisota right yeah well we needed some help some uh...
leadership
anyway
just remember the bushes in mid-Lodins baby that's what's all that all i'll
m.o.n.y. crook it is the days long
the status part is
even if we did want to vote these guys out
uh... don't count the machine don't work and they just make everything well we
need to find a good machine man
yeah
good luck was okay
that was any any last night they they hide that up by doing a two-hour special
on nine eleven on the world trade center collapsing uh... the night before that
told our watch uh... and last night they had uh... that on
the flight ninety three uh... the movie you know
and what is there to say you know you really have to wonder and of course keep in
mind that the f.a. new that several times have been hijacked within moments of
it happening because once the first one was like uh... you know what i'm saying
they they know i don't you think
but uh... they didn't do anything about it they said they were scrambling all
right they were they they couldn't get their act together and then this whole
thing about the police the fire department in the york don't cooperate they
use the same radio frequency they don't talk to each other but i was good
thinking
there are a whole lot of people maybe a thousand people died because of that
because they went back in tower number two
i'll go back to your office everything is fine just go back and you'll be
safer there but it would be better but you know
psyched
yeah surprise
w.a.m. hello
yes sir
q.a.m.
w.q.a.m.
yes yes yes radio
five six
four to eight oh five sixty w.a.m.
can i add to the poll today near our future can yes
wolfies restaurant
well see wolfies is a hundred one votes as somebody must have beat you to it
let's see wolfies first of what i'm like in road mall you know there used to be
three
did i try to think where the hell they were
there was the wolfies on a link in road mall and there was a one on twenty
first where was the other one there was a uh... turd
oh i was on the sixty third street
speaker turned was on the sixty third
remember the extra system the pre-sister plan the plan was system about
thirty third remember that
yeah he's singing and he's uh... doing his work for the
get out of here i bet you josh remembers that
oh yeah he got just before the blur comes down and peace on the floor don't
remember that
they have a part of her p on the floor
i remember well just be before she peed on the floor he's a part of the
he's he's he's thinkin on the floor he's thinkin on the iberies
and he's playing the piano he's talking about uh... you know
uh... his ultimate dream is he's uh... going to be uh... big hit on Broadway
and they love him and but in the same about the some
toy toy did you say big
hello big
and he's also thinkin
i'll tell you one thing when big Wilson think of it was like a flood
thirty q a m hello
he was no periscope not guarantee that q i m
now is good and i was coming from gody i think
we'll upset
least beaten the panthers last night right there in the macarena lot of the fans
that i noticed
they were yelling go team go go
i'd like to see that jackass one more time before i croak the one that said
that i think they're saying go team go yeah
you go go away soon
that we can't go
and he'll
yes or
how about
he's take care
i was at last twenty years that's uh... let's see he's six
uh... they were around one of the one of them was around
okay
that's what they did they have the all you can eat shrimp the peel and eat
but it's not that the shrimp in the cellar right even want to take
and then the same real right and they had the pictures of sangria man you'd
stagger out of that place
it was just a good yeah was not fine for a good time
yet he's a botanian uh... you can't get a quick what's not to like a
price is right thanks pali beef state charlie's that's getting our not
for not
uh...
fast food places and we're not putting on chains like uh... wags and
lums all of the state charlie's you know was you know there were more than one
but
i would call it like a major chain would you a chain
what about the ranch house i mean that was a chain too but
what about the i think it's
the black ines
or sorry choice
like i said the black ines
how about the chocolate ines
by the way valentines days come up in a couple weeks you know that we hit
that i don't want to say it on the air but you just you just keep your eye
at log and just that yeah
you see what i'm saying old might breath out of your breath and make sure that
that's it
now we're in the salesman going there you better sit down with the new sales
man there whoever he is whenever he shows up
and give him a little lecture on what's going on back there
because unfortunately joe is good of a guy's he is he like i said the other day he's
he's got a lot to hear about what the hell uh... you know where the bodies are
buried what's been going on that time i'd love to have a uh... meeting with you
like a real one like a real lunch meeting that's what i'm talking about
and the new salesman
and in fact for you can be programming from my uh... don't ever do you tell them
don't you ever email me the only thing you can do come and blow your brains out
i think it does that it until specifically that no
i'll run over there i'll email
i do not want any involvement with that time just just like that one account
you know that the disappeared because they got the the change in whatever they
do it which is fine i have no problem with that but it would do i you had to go
and ask him about it see
that's one thing when a new sales manager comes in it would be nice communication
i would have previously one that's out there in Curtis Raymond burr he didn't want
to talk to anybody because he was operating from fear and peri and hate
well who the hell was it up to you anyway yeah that's right or hank or anybody else on
here right faster yeah so uh... you mom but the new sales guy comes in and we all
here uh... being uh... welcome to open arms and legs what more could be asked for
the math what are we watching this guy bouncing up and down around a trampoline
that's a to give me uh... uh... uh... brood girl here
feel like Jimmy Stewart 27 past 11 at five sixty w came speaking of food
fooding and feeding the mo coast is florida's number one agent or made
buffet in fact if you're eating when so he says what are you doing over the
fooding
that's what you do in mornings and why one hundred are you fooding
the evercodes this florida's number one agent where may be phase rate advice again
restaurant review now every friday through sunday you can enjoy lots to
festfee to remain lots of serve thermator star on every night at the animal coast
is crab fest love them crabs with last can still crab legs done to this crab in
jones stone crabs the menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a
suci bar with over thirty
uh... items boy that's had to be between great read and
that teri Bradshaw they love their suci the animal coast also serves delicious
juicy new york states book to order just the way you love them and care for
him and ziggins a fresh great chinese and other the lights as well and on the
weekends for dessert
bring along a crowbar and create a little bit of room in your pants for the
animal coast aim is forty and chocolate fountain you can hand if you're on
strawberry's marshmallows all kinds of decadent treats just stick them right
in there and enjoy mind your mind your now through february fifth comes
on a great chinese new year with the animal coast victory rose duck crispy
chicken sweetens our fish roasted suffering figure reunite to the animal
coasts got three convenient locations to see your fight of sunrise sunny
house beach and temper pies reservations suggested if you want a real
big on you want to enjoy chinese new year as well now's the time at the animal
coast nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two
this is new ruggers
this is five sixty two eight
suck it in and hose it
hose of oxygen adults in states in the seven ninety two
eight two minutes the bird passed an eye for the super dome in the water
for the southern China down to six
the homes in the
the
no way to hear these like wacky man
w i
for a lunch that it doesn't show
smells like wet dogs in here man
thousands of died by
with aringe
animals of my
page
to
oh.
somebody threw the bomb in five
We're going to make back a cut melody.
Hope that though the paper don't get wet.
Ho ho ho.
You know, cut noise, good quality brand.
The one they try to save is very expensive.
Mm-hmm.
We'll be back with more nice impact.
I think it's a ball on seven million
average stake, you know, identification.
WFU end the South Plenty squad.
WFU end.
Ten million.
WFU end up in a red row.
Gave it a round.
WFU end up in a red row.
Oh, man.
You know, that that frequency is really going
to go on some changes over the years, you know?
A little bit.
WFU end up.
What are you eating now?
I've actually eaten like how is?
No, we got the melting pot coming in today,
but so I'm just eating a granola bar.
Oh, you're just like pre eating out a little,
little foreplay, a little floating foreplay.
Melting pots coming in, a little fondue acting
to me.
How are you going to be dipping it and enjoying it?
I just said it's going to be chopper.
Is it going to be like New Orleans going to be chopper?
And if I reign again, man, he likes that chocolate.
Well, throw them in the pot.
Yeah, sticking right in there.
Anyway, now what was I just going to say?
That was very, very important before you interrupted me
with that cramp.
I forgot.
Oh, so did I.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, V. It was really important,
and it was like life and death.
I never thought that was on the day.
Oh, we got bow to the foe.
Oh, boy.
Bow for where Moe used to be, two to foe.
Mad Dog 4 to 7, 3 on X per gated hours.
That's an excellent curve to 7 to 830.
We're keeping him on the fringes waiting till Mad Dog does 2 to 6.
Hurricane Warma, but a 30, the Hurricanes
in Wake Forest at 9 o'clock tonight.
And it's a home game.
So parents isn't going to be missing a wall for three days
this time.
Like he is on all the Hurricanes road games.
And Eddie K follows Hurricanes basketball game.
It's tough.
And the interest in that, Hurricanes,
they can't throw flies over there.
Yeah, they turn into a pretty nice crowd
to look like to me last night after a very, you know,
or nobody there in the beginning.
Now I guess Josh is quite doing those
of before the hockey game and the things.
That's right.
Why is that?
Don't have time.
What the hell does that mean?
You don't have time.
I don't think you need that raise.
If you can afford to like say goodbye to all
the easy hours on your time sheet,
you must be reckoning the big bucks somewhere.
Yeah, that's me.
They must have a little something going on the side.
Don't let him.
Is that it?
He's moving it.
OK, let's take a look and see.
What was the best software to restaurant
that closed in the last 20 years?
That's the sub pool today.
That's on our website.
But the one you really need to constipate on
is that one on the Harold, the on that blog thing there.
What is it?
Greg Kotex, random evidence of an idiot.
Burton Jackson 171.
We must Burton Jackson a lot.
Great stakes.
Great lobster.
Although now we got Taurus.
So that like is a even better substitute.
Wolfies 102, pumper next 44, my pie 41.
It's my pie all for me.
Is now why they call to that my pie?
No, come on.
Get away from my pie.
The ground round 38, quirky Northamber meets 38,
the studio 37, down under 38.
They had the best beef stroganoff.
You ever, do you like beef stroganoff?
I do a lot.
What's our creative?
Oh, man, they had the best beef stroganoff.
The steam getting pumped out.
It can't even fix straight.
And the best French onion soup, which there are a lot of,
I've said it was got great French onion soup
is the top of the pocket, top of the park on the sixth floor.
Their French onion soup is hard to beat.
It's really good.
But the best ever was at the studio down under 35,
Mr. Coney Island 34, New York steakhouse 33.
Mike Gordon's 31, Hemingways has got
about 30 men and little on piece of trivia
Georgia's wife used to work at Hemingways
and Burton Jackson's matter fact.
She did as a hostess in both places.
I'll be the hostess with the most,
most used to be and then
Kassivekia 2017ist spaghetti house 25, Le Dove.
So you don't 21?
Well, she must hate me like poison.
She don't listen anyway.
It don't matter.
No, she doesn't.
She hears it.
Oh, she thinks it's all a joke, right?
No, she don't care.
And even when you were I or anybody else,
I understand she's just a relentless bitch.
That's right.
Elmer Leo 20, English, top 19, Rocky Graziana 17,
Vero 17, Mitch's steakhouse 12, Pysos 11, Clifford's 8,
Tappin' a homemade Vinnie 7.
That's where I slid off the toilet seat.
And after that, they went downhill.
Hungry and charred of three and beef steak charles
has got to appear out of what we got.
837, we're gonna make 1,000 on that.
And how's that pole doing on the hero?
I got a lot of stuff to do here today.
Not too much time for a lot of these stupid ass calls
or these setup calls from over cross the street
from Troll of Finever's boyfriend's.
Let's see, let me take a peek at this.
Eledo get confirmed.
5842 is kiss your freedoms goodbye.
Kiss your ass and your freedoms goodbye.
Oh, there's Jesse Jackson down there
talking about Kermit of King.
Every chance he gets another media whore,
he's almost as bad as Kendall la Holda Coffee.
Boy, these media whores, they just love being on there.
Okay, let's just look at which of the big two things
you prefer for sports radio.
WQM or 790, the ticket.
That's the big one.
The rest of them are like act of thoughts.
Okay, 581 people of Oda, we'll get that thousand
of them by two o'clock on the hero,
which they'll be shocked.
And then they're gonna say,
oh, we'll need a ride to his creep to pull.
I'm not creepin' anything.
I'm just encouraging our people to participate that.
So, isn't that what it's up there for?
Just like our pull.
Freep it, leap it, squeeze it.
We'll do what it's up there for your amusement and fun.
Right? That's right.
Plus on Friday, he just got through saying,
oh, it's just a little blog pull for fun.
Okay, Greg, whatever you say.
You phony baloney.
Man, oh man, talk about joined at the hip.
That damn labaster, he must begin about his crowded back.
There is George Michael.
They know it between booster and Greg Cotex.
He's got a lot of klingons there.
And I have no idea why.
Maybe a Joshkin inform me about what's the big cynus with him.
What's the deal?
Who levatar?
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, he's much you do about nothing.
I agree.
Legend in his own mind, but in an ego,
the size of Mount Washington.
The big two-stay, let's see,
500-1 votes, 467 for QA-1, only 114 for seven-night
of the ticket, Waxi-Buildup.
That's pretty sad.
Anyone mentioned the Rooney Pub?
I remember the Rooney Pub, 23rd and College grade
prime, maybe a wonderful fresh braid.
The Rooney Pub, we're putting that on there or what?
We are.
Get it on there.
See, we're not changing this poll until, you know,
either late tonight or tomorrow, whenever I get around to it.
We're not gonna like do it.
We've gotta get a step back.
Let's build and Charlotte North Carolina, by the way.
It says, all the one top it says cost still.
Yeah, on the cover sheet, too.
Yeah.
Well, that wouldn't be Joe Castello.
He's not a rule-do.
Remember, a room on Pub, huh?
Not how he spells his name either.
Well, that's where it's A and still Castello by the way.
It's not Castello.
No, it's not.
Well, trust me.
No, trust me in Italian, it's not Castello, okay?
All right.
Manja, manja.
Boy, you are a huge guy.
What is going to get it, dude?
It's actually not how everything is productive.
No, no, it's not how he productive.
People that made up, it's not a big name.
No, I'm a shit again.
His name is Castello.
It could be pronounced through a war,
but I'm a real castello.
How they want to pronounce it.
I see.
Well, it's always Joe Castello.
I mean, by the way, quit calling me and bugging me, Joe.
By the way, it was his birthday yesterday.
I sent him an e-card, got no response.
So we might have died.
He'll screw him.
His wife, she got a card on him real fast.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, yeah, I told you.
She was, she's another one kind of left me limp.
Little of domineering for me.
I'm not into domineering women, you know?
Just a militant hostile.
Yeah.
Like your wife, right?
WNQAM, hello.
I got one for your poll, Neil.
Mr.
About Kenny Rogers.
Chain, chain, fast food, chain, the answer is,
ah, oh, I sure like his name, but never less.
Saw him at Pompadopark, one,
are you want to hear that still old story again?
No.
He said, ready to cross me.
I said, I'll tell you three celebrities
said across from me at Pompadopark.
Jim Lee Lynn, former manager of the Marlins.
Pete Rose, with a big stack of 20s net flusy on his arm
and Kenny Rogers.
Nice quiet guy, then, by now, very unassuming.
Just sat there in my own business, Pompadopark has guts out.
I met his brother, helping cut a spot, as a matter of fact.
I met Steve Lawrence's brother and the elevator
at the Gulf Stream.
He used to be the elevator operator.
Don't you ever hear me talk about that?
Yeah, you don't listen to that.
I'm serious.
Every time you go in there, I'm Steve Lawrence's brother.
Well, congratulations, get a life, you know?
God.
WNQAM, hello.
Hey, is this QAM?
This is WQAM, all sports, so radio except for this show.
OK, now I have something for the poll.
The rest of the poll.
Please.
Do you want it?
I want it.
OK, the forge.
Is closed?
I thought it was.
Maybe it is.
The forge is closed.
I wish it was, but I don't think so.
Oh, OK, I'm sorry.
One time I went in there, they stuck me in that back room
where they got all that schmutz on the wall back there
and they gave me like microwave potatoes
that were like, oh, from the end of the world.
OK, you know the right people in the Shmere, the right folks,
and you haven't always liked how to join.
They like it to forge.
I think they're still going.
Yeah, they look like it.
Nice.
They have quite the online presence.
Yeah, now the forge is still around.
Maybe she just don't hang out over there no more.
Maybe she's out of touch with that, which, quite frankly,
no great loss on her part who needs to be over there by the forge.
Yeah, my name is Amoshe Pupik and Meyer Lansky's
grandson, send me, OK, we'll switch right over here,
right in the front.
And give you like all free food and I'm just
not crazy about that.
But I only had one or two experiences in there.
They were both really, really bad.
So it's like anything else, you know.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like going to Amsterdam.
You could go there like some schmuck in December
and have a horrible time because there's nobody there
but Dutch people.
Or you could go there in May or June or any time during the summer
when it's loaded with tourists and wonderful people
from all over the world.
And everybody's having a great time and say,
God, this is the bomb.
Maybe this is the best.
The bomb is digiting.
The hot diggin'y dog.
So it all depends on, it's just timing.
It's like when you sit down at that machine man,
like my friend got the thousand out of the wheel
and fell off the chair at the Niagara Falls.
You know, it's just timing.
That's all just blind luck.
Some people got it and some people got that
albatross hanging over their head, you know.
Like we have, we got Joyce.
She's the albatross hanging over the QM head.
You know what they say?
If the fish thinks that the head cut it off.
You know what I'm saying, Joyce?
Chap it off, baby.
When it doubt, take Joyce out.
In fact, I think Joel Bell was telling me
that the other day is gonna take her out.
I think he meant for lunch,
but I think when it doubt just take her out period,
we have been idea.
Yeah, take her fishing.
581 more, I'd say.
Greg Cotex's eyes must be bulging, take a look at that.
And you know they're gonna be belly.
And you know them well, they're gonna,
oh gee, this thing isn't well.
They've got the equal opportunity over there
if they had any audience, right?
Right?
And you know they've been boosting it since this morning
because I could see the goose on there.
I saw the goose head when I first clicked on it this morning.
Saw the goose.
And I thought to myself,
that thing might have that H5N1.
But I shot that baby right on the spot.
You know what I always used to say,
don't pass up a good goose.
Is that what you said?
And chain well, things change in life.
Now if you see a good goose, shoot it.
Kill it.
Kill the birds.
You got a parakeet, you got a parrot,
mine a bird, cockatoo, kill that baby.
18 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
Hey, this is the wrong spot.
No, it's the right spot.
Thank God for that.
Well, I'm all whipped up today
because I found out the Curtis Raymond Burr is gone.
You fairy.
Wow.
Not exciting.
That was, he didn't tell you just yesterday.
Just stick with Joe Bell, man.
He is the man.
Did I say that?
Just yesterday you were saying this.
I was telling you, we just don't be so impatient.
We're almost in building today.
He's inheriting a mess.
Sorry buddy.
He's got, he's got to go out and then mop it
and bucket and clean up all the grigs.
Messily left on the floor and all over the wall.
That's right.
Let's give the guy a little, kind of,
a little slack, give him another week.
If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid,
if you're New Year's resolutions to get a high-panker,
you get out of that dead end you're in.
Like being in radio, forget about that.
Then act right now.
Pick up the phone and call fast train at 866-PAST-TRAIN.
They'll get you training ready for a great new high-panker
in just a few short months.
And every payday, and I guarantee you work for somebody
that actually pays you on time on payday,
you'll be getting a big fat one in the paycheck too.
You can get a new high-panker in just a matter of months
that a man for medical coding specialists
and the computer professionals right now
is at an all-time high.
Fast train offers convenient day, evening weekend classes,
job placement, assistance, and financial aid
for people to qualify.
What's not to like, get out of your dead end,
get out of that rut and start having a life.
Pick up the phone right now and call fast train at 866-PAST-TRAIN.
They've placed over 100 people like you in 2005.
Check them on the web at fasttrain.com
but act now because classes are filling up fast
almost the train of opportunity this year.
Make your New Year's resolution
and we all didn't get yourself a fantastic career
and a big fat paycheck and maybe a hot chick
or a hot guy or both.
Call 866-PAST-TRAIN.
Be sure to come to the time, Rick.
Totally the call.
So toll free call, 1-866-PAST-TRAIN.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-WATS.
Don't want for food.
Everybody is both through fighting.
It'll kill you fastest, lightning.
And that's really frightening.
Hot.
Hot when you see both flying.
All these folks each other hands from folks each other town.
If you're even dumb up, you'll be six feet under the ball.
If you don't want to guess the flu, do not touch the cockatoo.
I've talked in fabric and be fun.
But can we call 911?
Everybody is both flu fighting.
Big furthest now in hiding.
Now 3D furthest, lightning.
Time for the other wide wings.
Yeah, listen to that.
I'm thinking of myself.
I better watch it because I've touched the pirake.
Yeah, I thought that's what you were going to say.
I know.
OK, don't get all the choice all whipped up now.
She's very uptight these days because of her own ineptitude
and because she's a stupid bitch.
OK, let's see.
Who's your favorite South Florida radio sports personality?
It's interesting that they're more interested in the two stations
against each other as opposed to the personalities.
You know what I'd be saying?
I don't know.
Maybe they just don't like any of those people.
Or maybe it's like they listen to the station for like...
Oh, a non-sports show, which of course invalidates this whole thing.
I'm sure they'll come up with that.
Anyway, your favorite South Florida sports radio personality
Jim Mad Dog Mandage, 139.
He's going to be doing two to six.
Or I'm going to want to know why.
Joe Rose 70, Hank 64, and Dan La Bastard,
a distant fourth and last place,
Solomon T. Cinquanta.
How do you like that?
A little Taliano for you.
Cinquanta?
Cinquanta.
I got it.
Quaranta?
Anyway, now let's see.
Who's your least favorites for it?
Like I told you, I can count those numbers, man.
A hundred Adin Dva, three piacchi,
whatever it is, pox and poucus.
Or when you told me James Wood was Jewish,
that just turned my whole life into the dumper.
I was watching him in the movie the other night.
I saw some preview of something he was supposed to be in about...
Oh, right, it's on ER or something.
What is that trood?
Where he's like some gimp and he's like drooling all over himself.
I don't know why.
I don't want to see him.
He makes me...
He gives me spilties.
Who is your least favorite South Florida sports radio personality?
Dan La Bastard, oh Danny Boyd.
They hit you like poison, baby.
132.
The Humper 78, small potatoes.
Oh, fat potatoes.
I said Rosenberg 67, or Landow L. Zagiri.
Only 27, rock solid.
Because they don't know who that is.
Now that's...
He's... they like...
Oh, the big go.
How do you like that?
And which of the two big states do you prefer for sports...
sports radio?
654 votes.
How do you impress or what?
Medium.
It started out there.
It was less than a hundred.
We'd like about 95.
Now 654.
QAM 534 and 790 the ticket.
Waxi.
A great code text is home.
120.
524...
Even the Diabol people.
534 to 120.
Even Diabol couldn't help them with their scrornous dolphin.
Now here's the facts for our poll.
That says, best closed restaurant.
One potato, two potato in the deer field.
Well, the three potato, four potato, was in four Lauderdale.
Was on North Sunrise there on a way to Ruth Chris?
Okay.
But the fact of the matter is that this is back in my K-A-T days long before 86 for sure.
They've both been long gone.
So I really want to put...
I want to put ancient ones on there because we've done that.
You know, we go back to the famous...
Yeah.
And Piccolo, as I mentioned that the other day, we don't want to go away back.
Only us old, old, old parts like me.
Remember those places.
Right.
Financially burdened from housing dozens of homeless hurricane Wilma refugees.
Westgate Tabernacle, yes, they had to borrow money from one of its homeless residents to have the church's power restored.
Florida plunder, we loot you people are relentless man.
You're heartless, relentless, and there's a special place in hell for F-P-N-L.
Because they sure ain't swell.
Florida Power Life Company cut power to the West Palm Beach Church about 9.30 yesterday morning,
only to restore it roughly eight hours later.
To a church where homeless people are hanging out from the hurricane.
It's like they care.
Now they don't care about anybody.
You don't pay the bill.
They're the perpetrators.
That's right.
The Terminator.
Bishop Avis Hill, the church's pastor, said Florida plunder, we loot cut power back because of a few strict knowledge we seek.
About $6,000 cash years checked that it don't are sent to the company last week.
Late Monday, Hill said the company indicated it found the check but still required an additional $3,200 bucks for a reconnection fee
deposit in this month's charges.
Westgate brought a $3,200 bucks for a man who'd been staying at the shelter more than a year,
and recently received Social Security and Disability money.
Hill said the church would repay the man who said he didn't want to be interviewed.
Right now I don't know how, but we will, he said.
The church had thought about 60 days behind it's power bill after carrying for the 115 people who eaten sleep at the church since Hurricane Wilma struck.
Westgate is an ongoing legal dispute with Palm Beach County for operating a homeless shelter in violation of county ordinances.
It's been at more than twice capacity since Wilma.
You know something big deal. They're taking care of desperate people and nobody else's willing to take care of, right?
Right. During the past few weeks, a donor tried twice to pay Westgate's electric bill through an automated payment system but wasn't able to do so.
Tried twice, okay?
Last week, the donor sent the check to a courier at F&L but the power company still didn't credit the church's account.
You should rotten hell at F&L, okay? We hate you. We wish you would die.
We hope your stock goes down to minus 18 cents.
FBL spoke to them in turn of a cephalos at the company who was looking into the church and slammed the bill and paid.
We're investigating where the last check went, she said.
I'll tell you to take a look at your account.
You probably were your height, honey.
The cephalos said she couldn't discuss these specifics of the disputes.
She did confirm that partial payment on the account of being made yesterday, but it wouldn't disclose the amount.
She also said the company had offered the church a payment plan to get caught up before power was disconnected.
In this case, we tried to work with the choice, he said.
He'll once said that it's a bit over, once it's settled, the church's account would be current.
He was unsure how we'd continue to pay to have so many hurricane refugees, but said it's not uncommon for Westgate to receive undersprites of gifts for as much as 10 grand.
Where God guides, God provides, he said.
I think he's talking about that.
That's what it is.
How we come up with that big march first thing, man, when that big anniversary thing?
What about it?
I'm coming up.
I'm going to have that big appearance in San Olay.
Put your car in the middle, boy.
Not ticketate parade.
Yeah.
The pedals that your feet love that knee.
He's got your fag.
That, I'm big deal.
Red carpet for your communist.
Yeah, right.
Yamama.
What was the best restaurant in South Florida, closed in the last 20 years, Burton Jack 177 Wolfies 109?
The studio 45.
My pie 44.
Pumpkin X 44.
Corkeys North Miami Beach 40.
The ground round 39.
Down under 37.
Mr. Coney Island 36.
My Gordon's 34.
New York State House 34.
Hemingways is still God.
But 30, man.
They were doing pretty good until I found out your wife used to work there.
Kansavekia 27.
Teenus spaghetti house 26.
Lidome 20.
They don't.
Il Molino 21.
We're talking to one in Davy that closed down and really pissed me off because that was a great place.
English pub 19.
Vito's 18.
Rocky Graziani 17.
It's kind of stuck there.
Pizzo's 13.
Mitch's State House 12.
These state charlie's got nine.
Clifford's 8.
Tap of the home 8.
And Hollywood.
Remember the tap of the home?
No.
Yeah, you do.
You used to get in a big bank building?
That's right.
It was like a revolving.
Like Pier 66, which, uh, now what's the story?
Pier 66 still error closed.
I don't know.
Well, do it Google it.
I mean, I had lunch with Bob Neal there at Pier 66.
I do it.
And I begged him.
I said, don't screw it up morning.
Sure.
Everything's just fine.
They and they screwed with it and they went to hell and then they blamed us for it.
Tap of the home 8.
Vinnie 7.
Charla 3.
And the Rooney pub won.
Yeah, Vinnie's closed.
The food was very good.
But people could slide off the toilet seat.
8.
84.
It's one thing to smoke the pots.
There's another thing to slide off of it.
You're looking Pier 66.
Josh has.
Now what about Route 66?
What about 77 Sunset Strip?
Huh?
I don't think it's around me.
Why am I not getting anything?
I don't think it's around me.
Pier 66 is gone.
I do believe it did go.
I think I'm thinking.
If I'm thinking you're thinking, we'll find out.
Somebody will know.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Q-A-M.
Neal, I don't know if it's been too long or not.
But what about two guys pizza?
Is that been over two years?
I mean, 20 years?
No, sure hasn't.
That was a great place.
You're right.
Okay.
Two guys pizza.
I was going to put pizza.
I was in a restaurant though.
It was more than just a pizza joint.
It was very good.
Two guys pizza.
All for Mo.
Oh, for me.
There.
70 Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hi, Uncle Neal.
How are you?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
I think it's just closed recently.
But I'm very much going to miss Gibby's.
Gibby's is gone?
Yeah.
Oh no.
Yeah, they went the way of the wind.
No, not the way of the wind.
No, nothing.
Never been it.
Really?
No, I never got that.
I was going to watch that.
I was a very unpleasant lunch person.
Who the guy from IOD.
Yeah.
No one ever suggested going there.
I never got radio reviews.
I'll take that place.
It's more than 20 years.
And I keep mentioning this.
And nobody has any idea what I'm talking about.
There's that kind of like.
It looks like a leaning tower pizza that building right by, first 66.
It needs to be called GGs.
It was in a tiny restaurant that was just out of this world.
Man, it was great.
But that's as it used to go.
Zillions.
Yeah.
Before my time, probably.
Before any, almost before my time.
And that's saying a lot.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye.
You got Gimmies?
We got something.
Yeah.
GGs.
Oh man, that place was so good.
And it's up by the my guy.
My guy is still going.
Yes it is.
My guy that you like.
There was another one with it.
I mean, it was very expensive.
It was a full set.
It was great.
I know it was great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Every evening, I read a good Polynesian restaurant.
I have never eaten in a real Polynesian restaurant.
That's why you're like my guy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
Hey, I'm Frao, Yulean.
I'm Rosleithman.
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from pews.
And listening to the near roe, I'm gonna eat the hour.
I got it.
I'm going to eat the food.
Yeah.
I've been having for the days.
And yet, this morning, you are just a kind of mint-set shippable.
If you think that's funny, but you're a little laugh on you, because you should not have missed me.
You're fast and will miss me.
That's right, you're on a miss me.
You're going to miss me.
I touched my chest and boiled my urine.
Oh, I'd want to eat with a great big big fish.
I got some earth mint for the rage that pointed me from all of your rates and people.
I'm going to eat the food.
I'm going to eat the rest of your teeth and poke her.
Just organize it.
I put dog hoes on my baggy, check it, pings.
I may have one pain in the grave and I just have by my own feet.
But yours, you're gonna miss me.
Now that poke her can't miss me.
Why you're sure for the missing?
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
We miss you, Van.
Just like when I cut that watermelon slice, two more off your ass.
You miss you, Van.
It's 12.02.
If I'm 60, WQ, I should learn better than to talk over the ending of chicken eggs bits.
You should learn that.
That's our dinner.
706, I do because I like for the impact of you know.
706 people voted already on the which station, which is worthwhile, which was a piece of crap.
How do you like that?
Which of the big two stations you prefer for sports radio, Greg Cotex, that you remind me her wants to know?
706.
Aren't you impressed by the number?
I'm just blown away.
WQAM 583 and 709 to the ticket 123.
Sounds like about a 460 vote margin to me.
Don't sound pretty impressive to you.
Thank you.
I don't want to like overdo it.
We won't do it more than like once every five minutes.
Okay, good.
Here's a memo just thanks to me from WQAM General Manager Joe Bell.
Hello, a guy, by the way.
We like him a lot.
You know how Beth this morning she came in here to do a on and on.
Oh, what a great guy.
But I mean, man, you hear that?
I heard it.
I was right here.
See, the whole thing with Curtis and Ed Sails Department, you went that went south?
Is when Greg screwed over Scrooan.
He stuck it to her.
More than once I understand.
Now, seriously, he, I, you know, and whatever that was all about, she said the wrong thing at some meeting.
Or she gave him a sour look, or maybe she decided that she was moving on to somebody else.
And that was the end of Scrooan.
And for a long, okay, that's enough with that crap.
I'm sorry.
I wanted to let you know of two changes in the WQAM sales staff.
See, Joe said he was going to make some changes back there, and he's not dilly-dallying, okay?
He also told me off the record that he is a hitman for joy.
So we'll be taking care of that problem too.
We'll solve that.
Curtis Raymond will be leaving us at the end of the week.
Curtis has been with WQM for three years.
First is Sports Sales Manager, and most recently is General Sales Manglier.
Curtis will stay in the area and play against financial planning.
We thank Curtis for his contributions, and wish him the best as he begins his new endeavors.
Bye-bye, Curtis.
Bye-bye.
Take good job, Brownie.
Beth Bernstein, I even tell you your name was Bernstein.
I know we had a Jewish sales chick.
You couldn't tell by looking at her?
No.
By here in there?
Beth Bernstein is joined the QMSL staff after a very successful stint at 790 to ticket.
Sounds like a waxy to me.
See, even Joe is calling at that.
Don't get sucked into that, Joe.
It's a waxy, okay?
Forget about that ticket, my ass.
Beth was involved in the start-up of 790.
He was their top biller.
We look forward to Beth bringing a lot of enthusiasm in business to 560QM.
Please join me in welcoming Beth of the station and a beastly broad casting.
We welcome you with open arms and legs.
Beth, you're welcome.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
Very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
Thank you very hard.
two questions?
D...
Fold the finger as such that I'm gonna walk on you
Fold in that.
I love you.
I'm going to risk my live.
I'm going to risk my live.
I wonder how Henry is doing. Is he still dead? I think so. Oh, I'm at Henry Veril.
Come in to QAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you, sir? Okay, sir. What about the studio?
You remember that one? Yeah, the studio's got it's in third place, 48 votes. Okay,
and I think the name that you're looking for on Brickle was size Rivergate. Size Rivergate,
that's where Hank used to eat all the time. That's the one. Okay, so you have a great day.
That's long gone, right? Yes, sir. Thanks. Size Rivergate, that's the one. CY apostrophe
is Rivergate. Size, Hank used to eat there all the time. That's why he weighed 600 pounds. See,
I knew that note. What? The callers. Yeah, well, of course they know. And if I just shut up
and take some of these calls instead of keeping reading that Harold pull over and over again,
but I, you know, there's a message in there for them. There's a message what you want to
do with us. Well, it's good with you back. How do you like that? We know. Losers? There are
the rich daddies money playing radio, playing Make Believe Radio on Venice Collins'
phony station. I was starting to say before about 790 and if you went and then of course it
was a WNWS. Do you know that they went off the air? They went dark first. We went on the
air in 1978, about April, April, about third man. 78. After the station had been shut off
for a quite some time. Well, I'd like out of nowhere. And I was on at night to an 8th to
midnight. And I remember the first, I think the first call I took was from Oakland Park.
And I thought call from Oakland Park. Because on KET the signal was so bad. It would be a
cold day in hell. We'd ever get a call from Oakland Park. You know, we were at the Miami
Beach station, with a real fuzzy nasty signal. About 10 watts. And here WS new 790. And
then of course, remember the snooze crews, the when they finally gave up on the talk,
when we put them out of business. Right. And then 790 became what? Jefferson pilot,
that's our nation. No, seriously, what had become after that? I don't know. Was that
when it went to become waxy? And they were like, I wasn't there something in the, huh?
And they were like, brokering all the time. And they had all those losers on the air. And
so he asked, and then we started farming out stuff over there when we had two ball games,
when we like contracted two things at the same time, which Greg is famous for. And we
started using them as like our farm station. And then all of a sudden came Joel Feinberg's
daddy with a whole bunch of money. Let's play sports radio. Let's be big shots now.
We got the dolphins for four and a half million a year. Wow. And of course, we got Jimmy
Sifilis, you're fair in the games, which is pathetic. I'm thinking of it, we're smart,
which they're not. They get, I mean, no, I'm never going to put him on the air. Well,
now I guess they can't because I got Joe Rose. I just can't see Mo and Joe doing the
top show. Yeah, natural. No, I don't think they're going to be working on the dolphin
games or anything else together. This is what happens when you burn your bridges and you
alienate everybody. Mo, I tried to tell you that you would listen to me when you piss off everybody,
then all of a sudden all the doors are closed. That's correct. But that would make sense though,
if you know, put him back under doing a play by play. Maybe a little dog could like, I don't know.
Because if they were smart, they would let they would let Howard and I can't believe I called
him Howard. They would let Mo and the mad dog just continue doing the games over there.
And nothing wrong with that. Oh, we don't want to promote them. They're on another station.
So instead they put on Jimmy Cifilis. You fair. People are just squealing all over town about it.
You got to be kidding us. That's that. That's your idea. I put Bob broadcast. Big deal. Yeah.
12 minutes after 12 at 560. I'll tell you, speaking of big, the beast who weighed about 7
zillion. He would get on the scale and it just goes till that's all. And he did balance for
life the first time and he lost 60 pounds, remember? I do. And then they start stealing
somebody in the building was stealing his sack and he would got off the sack and he stopped
eating the food and he blew up again. Well, he's on it again now for serious because he wants to
lose their weight before his wedding days, lost nine pounds and lose the damn lot more. And balance
for life is done for you again just in time for Valentine's Day. Pampery or significant other
in yourself at the same time with gourmet meals and snacks delivered daily in that little black
sack for less than 20 bucks a day. It's called the double deal. And if you sign up now, balance for
life will give you the book What To Eat in the Zone, the secrets of the zone diet with recipes
and helpful hints. Now you and your spouse, a friend, co-worker can both share the benefits and
the convenience of the zone diet. Remember, we're a J-seers and Berry Seers and Gene Seers and Dr.
whatever his name was Seers. What is his name? That wrote the zone. Berry. That's what I just said.
You'll both give your choice of two meals and two snacks, two bottles of water and two
utensil packs. Now that is a double deal. And deliveries included too. They deliver right to
your door at homework where we're going to be hanging it out. And beside enjoying the weight,
it allows and health benefits of balance for life. You can really enjoy the convenience too.
If you know you're going out for dinner, you can choose to eat just breakfast and lunch.
You can choose any your two meals per day any time you want to. And don't forget,
balance for life is the only service that lets you choose your meals. They bring you a menu and
you pick and choose whatever you want for each meal each snack, etc. So, grab a friend right now,
get signed up and start receiving meals and get the book What To Eat in the Zone and start losing
that disgusting, debilitating, gross, unhealthy fat right away. Call balance for life, 866-225-4543.
That's 866-254543 on the web. It's balanceforlife.com.
And I have chat with people I say.
It sounds like S.E. Jackson. We as black people. It's common style of the town.
Surely God is rare. He compares the locals to a willy on the farm.
Yes, right.
Ray, they can't, there's no one to make new orlings. They can't.
It's time for us to come together. It's time for us to rebuild a new world.
The one that should be uptown or wherever they are. This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate in the wall. He never takes the blame.
For anything chocolate kept in the day.
That chocolate is a fuzzy anger of one called as Renegade.
Renegade, you know I can. Ray made it just he wants to make new orlings.
You can't have no all this no other way. It wasn't made to all this.
Okay, so say some of that fun, because then you can dip no all in it and it'll be chocolate.
That a good idea? Oh, yes, a rid of it.
Now, you say I interrupted your lunch there.
What do you eat in there now?
I am eating at the moment a strawberry that we have pineapple pound cake.
I don't know what these things are. Hang on.
It's a marshmallow.
Oh, marshmallow, rolled and graham cracker crumbs.
Ah!
Fudge.
Marshmallows covered with that.
With Oreo cookie crumbs and pineapple and pound cake.
I already said pound cake.
I've left you. We just went up to 700.
And they've got all kinds of different chocolates.
White chocolate, butter scotch chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, raspberry chocolate and the marshmallow Oreo.
See, it's a damn good thing that we discovered this for a lot of people out there who aren't diabetic and aren't going to die from this because this is way above and beyond in the beginning when it was pretty simple and pretty, you know, they only had like a few different things.
Now they got like 80 million different things you can dip it in.
And the guys are nice. They're going to give me a make good melting pot meal.
Remember I told you about my nightmare? Yes, I did. They're going to make it good even though it wasn't their fault.
I'm going to help these are different guys.
Well, thank you for that.
931 votes on the poll. What was the best time for the rest?
And you know, I just discovered that Josh Cordis is illiterate.
Why is that?
I just discovered that.
No, I've just discovered that.
I spelled it out for you. Size Rivergate.
CY apostrophe S. He's got SY apostrophe Rivergate.
CYS I. He's the E.
Possible Rivergate Rivergate.
Yeah, whatever.
Yeah, whatever my ass.
I was dipping chocolate over here.
Yeah, you were dipping it all right. That's what I'm afraid of.
Kids cereal.
They'll let dub here about it.
What was the best South Florida restaurant I've been closing the last 20 years?
Burton Jets.
That's 186.
Wolfies 114.
The Studio 50.
Comfort next 49.
My Pi 45.
Crokeys in North Miami Beach 43.
That place was, that was like the landmark of South Florida.
Once that place closed down, you could just pack up the flag and head on out for Ojas or somewhere.
You just get out.
The ground round 40.
Down under 39.
And you know what else is not there?
It's not for this poll, but it just brings it here to my eye.
That Basque and Robbins drive through on 163rd.
Right?
You know what I'm talking about?
I do know exactly what you're talking about.
In fact, across the street used to be, what was the department store that I'm sure is not there anymore?
I don't know.
K-Byrons.
No, not K-Byrons.
Sayers.
Not Seers.
Come on.
You can do it.
I'm thinking.
But you know what I'm talking about.
In games.
No.
Thank you.
Gordon Marsh.
Not sure in Marsh.
I love Gordon Marsh though.
Yeah, they were great.
We tend to use the store I like.
They close it down.
Every time I hear there's a restaurant I like, they close it down too.
Oh, it's a book.
Jefferson's.
Oh, Jefferson's.
I thought that was a book.
I see how he had to do his think of Weezy and he thought of the Jefferson's.
Anyway, that's where the Basque and Robbins drive through.
And there were some days like at Iowa, when you'd have one of those depressing days in Boyd Gary,
it was acting up or Mike Disney was thrown up in a waste basket.
And on the way home, I would take a little turn off there at the Golden Glades and get 163rd and go out of that drive through it to the Basque and Robbins joint.
Oh, man.
Did a lot of damage to myself that it sure was good.
The ground round 40 down under 39, Mr. Coney Island 37, Schmutz.
Mike Gordon's 36, New York's fake house 35.
That was supreme, man.
That was excellent.
Hemingway's 31.
Georgia's wife used to work there.
The house of Ecky at 20, 18th spaghetti house 27,
Leigh Doam 25, Il Melino 21.
In Davy, the other one who for a lot of it, by the gateway, we're still there, please.
English pub 20, Vito's 20.
Vito's, Hank Love, Vito's 2.
I think that was one of his sponsors once upon a time, Vito's.
We'll discuss all of this with him in the morning with Fato.
Rocky Gratianny 17, Pizano's 13.
Which is Stake House a dozen?
VStake Charlie's 10.
Where they had the sangria and an oligodid and pital a shrimp.
Eat it and peel it and peel it and peel it and eat it.
And stick it.
Clifford's a tap at a home 8.
Vinnie's 7.
For a Stake House 4.
Charda 3.
Gibby's 2.
Two guys, pizza 2.
The Rooney pub 2.
Size Vivigate.
Look at this Eric, man, because I know you can't do it.
You can't change it.
Eric did it, right?
Eric did it.
See, once we got into this food thing, that caught his attention.
Cut, aren't you?
Yeah, so he really, thanks Eric.
Size Vivigate, we spelled it right.
I can even know Josh is a little bit and busy with the dipping this thing.
One, Mancini's none and Monkson's one.
Cinematic Highest Star Mancini.
You know, here's this guy's a little bit and he's giving me a song in advance
because I can't figure out what it is.
M-A-N-C-E-R-X-O-I-Z-Q-P.
Nice, nice spelling to be it.
Well, maybe if they had a better spelling, they'd still be in business.
Right, that could be it.
Somebody Q-A-M, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got two for you.
I got a question.
What do you do?
Go ahead.
Last night I was going through some pictures of my house.
And I got a drive and took them to Miami.
What you knew was that you had those, I had a bumper sticker on my front tire, on my front bumper.
Yeah.
With a big foot that go home, how long ago was that?
Oh, I don't even know which station I was from.
Was that on Zayda or was that on IOD?
I think it was IOD, but if you remember the big foot and the fog was under it?
Vigley.
It brings back, yeah.
I would say 89.90 something like that.
89.90.
Okay, I got two restaurants for you.
Yes, sir.
Wayne Arnold's and then the barbecue barn.
Barbecue barn, where was that?
Over on 7 down the street, right?
Wayne Arnold.
Okay.
All right, Wayne is reopening any minute, so we're not going to put him in the back.
I went by there the other day, it looks bad, man.
What do you mean?
I don't know, I just don't like he's doing anything to it.
Well, he's doing something to it.
I can't say it on here what he's doing, but he's going to reopen.
Have a great day, pal.
He's there, buddy.
Get rid of them frogs.
That's what they said in Magnolia.
So we don't want to put Wayne on here, because he didn't call us here, not that long ago.
He'll be reopening.
He'll be, you have to go it again.
And just give him some time, man.
Of course, in that neighborhood, you can only work in certain hours and the day time when
the sun is very bright.
Like, uh, now what was the other day said in barbecue barn?
Right.
Okay, we'll see how Josh spells that.
Highly of me.
That's probably right.
Highly of me now look a lot like Wrigleyville in Chicago, but Marlon's president, oh, this is
chopped off, so I can't read it good.
To the Highly of Mayor, Julio Rebaina, that he can see Florida's fifth largest city, as with a future Wrigley
field.
During an hour long meeting yesterday, the two discussed potential sites for the Marlins.
We loved the Marlins.
They really blow, I mean, Rebaina proposed two locations where it could be built on the
Highly of Park Race Track and on the side of the former Puralist's Day, something rather
undeveloped area of the city.
How about the Cock and Bull restaurant in Highlyah in North Miami Beach?
They're right there.
They used to be a sponsor of mine and Craig Worthing, too.
That was, I'm trying to remember the name of the family.
The guy's name was Saul and his son ran in one in Highlyah.
So they're out of place.
That was a good place.
I bet you part of it.
Not Saul Fouze.
No, I understand.
Cock and Bull restaurant.
Do you want to put that?
I don't know what year they closed down, but they had two of them.
I don't want to put it on the pool.
I just want to say it a whole bunch of times on the air.
No, you don't.
Like I said, the Joyce and Bull.
Now, what was that other place?
Herb Bats.
I wonder if they closed down.
That was another sponsor of mine for about 10 minutes.
Herbby Golub.
Neil, what's wrong with my commasials?
The guy he...
Listen to me.
This was a WS News.
He would sit and he would time his live spa with a stopwatch.
And if it was like 58 seconds, it could have been the best spot I ever did in my life.
It was 58 seconds.
He was not happy because he didn't get a 60 seconds.
What's wrong with my commasials?
Bye-bye, Herbie.
And I guess he assaulted somebody and was still around him.
Maybe there's or not.
I guess a lot of the cops he's seen there are herbats.
Whatever that means.
You know what that means?
That means they don't pay and they're probably going to put on the table.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
Just like the cops they used to eat all to make the coffee and eat all the donuts there.
And I had convenience store in a corner of university and where is it?
And Broward Boulevard.
Oh, man.
The first one is Broward Mall.
Don't you remember that there's a bank or something?
They went to Belly Up, maybe too many free donuts and too much coffee for the plantation cops.
That's the way it goes.
That's the way it goes.
There he goes again.
And there's some plantation cops that are good guys.
They like me a lot.
And then there's something like the chief who's a real a-hole.
When we come back after the break I'm going to take a sneak peek there with that great hotel thing
and we better like be a person.
We had 777 last time I looked.
77, huh?
What do you think?
I thought I'd say.
Rosemary Clooney.
Come on in my house, boy.
Could she belt out that tuner?
No.
What year was that?
And her sister, Benny Clooney, was married to chicken echo of this.
Benny Clooney was married to Puppy Campo.
Okay.
Yeah.
See you think I'm making that up.
Ask chicken I'll tell you.
Puppy Campo.
I had some kind of a musician, some kind of a goofball.
I used to show up like on the today's show.
Some of those different kind of idiotic shows.
Sure he'll tell me all about it.
Back in the day with the Dave Gierwe in Jackless,
schooly in the chimp and that stuff.
Puppy Campo.
Sounds like something you got in your backyard.
Kakka.
Yeah.
Oh.
27 past note at 560 W.
I see everybody's in such a great mood today.
His opponents, they were a little bit down,
a little bit depressed.
We got joist.
The party atmosphere here.
But today we're having like a big party.
Has nothing to do with the fact that our in-comp,
that our in-f sale, that the Curtis is leaving.
Not Curtis Stevenson.
Don't get panicked.
You have a Curtis Raymond Burr.
He's leaving.
So I guess Joe Bell, his idea when he came in was to come in.
I wouldn't say clean house would be the word,
but come in and clean out the sludge, you know.
Get rid of all the festering sores.
Get rid of the chancers they were like infecting the party.
Nice going, Joe.
Now he's not too crazy about you.
28 past note at QA and dry concepts have been telling you
for years about their expertise in carpet cleaning
and how they clean my carpets for over 20 long years.
Right now I want you to take advantage of their maintenance contract
that provide you with a 10% discount on all dry concepts
or this is including their one-of-a-kind carpet cleaning
that makes your carpets look and feel and smell just like brand new.
Whether drapey or in the rug cleaning too.
Dry concepts also specialize in pet-ordered treatments,
ceramic, tile, and grub cleaning when it's out clean that baby out,
macros cleaning and lots more.
And during the month of February, which starts tomorrow last time,
I checked, dry concepts got a special offer on a poultry cleaning for you.
Now don't replace the furniture just because it's soiled,
spelled S-O-L-I-D-E-D, salided, or soiled.
Let dry concepts rejuvenate your furniture
and a fraction of the cost of replacement or re-apolstering.
Is your furniture salided?
All of the dry concepts that have been missing
are especially trained and certified to provide you
with the best possible service, and they'll always give you
upfront a written estimate.
Never any attack on's at the end of the job.
Oh, sorry, it's going to cut you a lot more.
They give you written guaranteed estimate
of front and professional service all the time.
Don't be fooled by the imitators.
There's only one dry concept.
I'm sure you made a big investment when you decorated your home
and outs time to protect that major investment.
Call dry concepts today and date rower in the Palm Beach
as it's a tool-free call.
And don't forget February Special of Pulse Recleaning.
Dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Be sure and tell them that the other redraw,
a toy strap, or a toy to call,
run their website at dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.15 Q-A-A.
Come on.
You've got a lot of bucks in your rich way.
I think you suck you son of a bitch.
Absolutely.
You made a lot of money by ripping off those faithful loving fans.
I think it's true that way.
You'll always be a garbage man.
And now the marlins are in my place.
Wayne, I'd like to punch you right in the face.
Wayne, a lot of people want a vomit at the mention of your name.
You take a teem and group with it.
And I know just why you do, Swinnit.
We always get us growing with Wayne.
You really put us down in a dumps way.
You played a song for Major League Chumps, Wayne.
You're gonna sell the marlins,
and you will collect them by the cash.
It's kind of strange that now somebody else is picking up your trash.
Your bald and cock-mark heads make me sick.
Wayne, I'd like to give you a sick kick.
Let them wait.
Your nasty brown shirt ownership definitely shows a lack of brain.
I don't care what you buy yourself.
Your way of doing business sells.
I wish that you would go to hell away.
Hey Wayne, I sing the...
Hey man, and the reason I played that now,
is because I haven't played enough over the years.
For Lauderdale billionaire,
H. Wayne Heisengurts played the big inducted in the Junior Achievements,
US Business Hall of Fame in April Ceremony in Milwaukee.
Alright!
The Hall of Shame.
How's that Blackpester park coming?
Pretty good.
Oh, it's great.
You should visit.
Heisengurts of the dolphins is recognized as the only person to build tree businesses
in the Fortune 500 companies.
They are auto-nation,
Schlockbuster Entertainment, and waste management.
Garbage is his middle name.
Also being inducted are Home Depot co-founders,
and let's see,
Chief Executive of Builder Bear,
Workshop, and a bunch of other people nobody ever heard of.
In a statement, Junior Achievements said the six were selected for induction
based on their business excellence, vision,
innovation, leadership, and community involvement.
Last year, Heisengurts is wife Marty donated $2 million for the Junior Achievement
Heisengurts Center for free enterprise on the Brown County Community College North Campus
and co-gathering great.
And he smeared them there, smeared them back.
You know, one hand smears the other.
The old smear away with that very bad bad complexion.
I just think about those days that one glorious fluke year the Panthers had when they went to the Stamic Up Finals
and everybody was throwing the rats,
and it's only anybody talked about and so forth.
We loved the Panthers all that funny,
and he used to sit with his wife Marty down there and they're behind the goal kind of the core there,
and every now and then they have the brain stem in there too with them, you know,
and we loved the Panthers.
And of course, after that, it was all went south, you know.
Once Marty saw Doug McLean mouthing those four-loading
words.
In fact, Marty Heisengurts, she enjoys and the Tipper Gorot to get together.
Right.
Did you partake in throwing the rats?
No, I did not.
I don't believe in throwing crap on the ice.
Okay.
And the fact that before the season started, there were people saying, well, when I've asked a league,
no, no, you can't.
Throwing crap on the ice, strictly a soft load of bush league thing, you know.
But it was very exciting, you know, at the time, I'm very sad.
Well, what about the hats?
What about that?
Back in the day.
Yeah, what about the ox?
Don't they do the ox?
What do we mean back in the day?
What do we mean back in the day?
Still throw hats out there?
That's where a hatch rig gets the grass for three goals.
They still throw those on there.
But that's not like the rats.
Well, what about like the octopus with the red wings?
What about it?
I think that's discussing in grotesque.
I think it's funny.
Well, I'm glad you do, okay?
I'm glad, in fact, maybe they ought to throw an octopus on your head and see how you like it.
Rapids testicles all around you.
We did that.
He did like it.
No, that's what I heard.
That's why, in fact, I heard he's different than I could push and I find new right now, too.
By the way, I'm going to pass out.
Just what do you want?
I want to put that out there.
If you hear what I'm saying.
Your blood sugar is probably like 17,000 right now.
Oh, God.
You know, you're supposed to eat that very slowly, so it doesn't look like a jolt to your system
and send your blood sugar, soaring up.
Oh, for me!
Then when you get out, your blood sugar is going to drop suddenly.
You're going to pass out on the floor.
Of course, you ought to be used to it.
We're always talking about that every time you're out sick, how you're always passed out.
Now, other people are going to get a head cold, they get a sore throat.
George just keeps falling on the floor, that's what's staggering around.
Actually hiding under the bed crying.
If you had a stand, you would have had that.
By the way, his wife used to work at it.
I beg your pardon?
You would have had to eat this in the end.
And he's not great.
There's another good reason I'm out there.
I'm not.
I don't eat during the show.
I do not eat during the show, which is probably why I'm still alive.
So, to bring back those careful memories of the days that lady brought in that rug-along, right?
With pure sugar coating on the outside.
Just bathing in sugar.
And I ate that and my sugar was going up and up and up.
And my head was spinning like a draidel.
I didn't have any idea what planet I was on.
Well, you would have eaten this whole tray.
And you would have eaten the dead, right there.
Any evidence on the way to the hospital?
Right.
The best stuff for, oh, here you go.
That was a great place.
And they closed?
Yesterday's in four-large day on neutral coastal.
That was a fantastic place.
Great French onion soup and prime rib.
The best thing to use you right now.
And yesterday's is closed.
I guess it's yesterday now, huh?
It's history.
Yep.
With Mary Schalenberg, where it's history, fourth on the outside.
Hit it again, Mary.
Yesterday's, you got it?
We got it.
I guess you can scroll that.
He has felt that.
Both of these guys, their blood sugar is soaring and we apologize for that, they're us swimming in.
Nothing called.
What a great place.
But when you talk about that dark raspberry chocolate fondue.
Oh, white chocolate amaretto dip.
Mmm.
White chocolate, right in egg and egg and egg and two happy about that.
Now listen, here's the appole so far from the Harold.
Greg Kotex.
Favorite sports talk host?
360 votes.
Maddog 156.
Joe Rose of 78.
The Humper 68.
And Dan La Bastard bringing up the rear 58.
Least favorite, 338.
Dan La Bastard here.
Leaning.
Leaning by far, 145.
The Humper 87.
Sid the kid, 76.
And the big always got.
The Third Man.
Rock solid.
I like that.
I love the big old.
What a surprise.
And as far as the two stations head to head knows the knows side by each.
Your favorite sports talk of these big two.
QA, I'm 729 and 790, 136.
You follow those out of 865.
No, 729, 136.
We'll go way over a thousand.
Like I said, I want to see 50,000 votes on that.
And I want to see the great coach blog.
I want to see votes oozing out of the computer falling on the floor and dripping all over the carpet.
Then called right concepts.
See what I'm saying?
729 to 136.
I'm saying they suck.
And that's what Beth Bernstein said too, man.
She said, working over there.
She said no matter how bad it is here.
She said, that's your fine burger.
I wouldn't wish him on Hitler.
And I can't believe she said that.
Isn't that incredible?
It's incredible.
Beth Bernstein said that.
She outed the whole deal going over there.
She knows where all the bodies are buried too.
She knows about Stugots' rich daddy and Stugots' eight-gots.
That's what she said, Stugots.
Whatever your name is this way, she said, you ain't gots.
Maybe she was thinking about his real name, John Weiner.
Eight-gots.
955 on our poll.
The best off-order restaurant to close in the last 20 years.
Burton Jackson, 189.
Oh, Jesus.
Wolfies 115.
The studio 53.
It's moved up to third.
Pumpkin X-52.
I mean, Pumpkin X was very good, but how do you put
Pumpkin X in the class like with the studio?
It's just, it's kind of silly.
Maybe we have a lot of old useless things now,
who like to steal a silverware in the sweet and low.
My pie 46.
Corkeys Northline with beats 43.
They're in little potato-like knees, man.
Oh, it was Hanukkah all year long.
The ground round 40, down under 40.
Mr. Koney Island 38.
Actually, the food there was okay.
It was just an unappetizing place.
You just wanted to always take out, run outside.
Mike Gordon's 36.
New York's take-house 36.
Marty Susman, big fat guy, dead.
Hemingway's 33.
You know who used to work there?
Yeah, they did.
He must be getting house 28.
Kassaveki's 28.
Lee Dolem's 25.
Il Molino and Davey's 21.
You bastards.
Why did they close that down?
English pub 20.
Zedos 20.
Rocky Gratiani's still 17.
This morning, it's still got 17.
And that's as only 17 of us are left to remember how good it was.
Pizano's 13.
Hey, Pizan.
Mitch's take-house 12.
V-Stake Charlie's 11.
Clifford's 8.
Top of the homemade in Hollywood.
Top of the home used to be like a sponsor of Bob Savage Reston PCs
to do the dog racing show on the cable on Channel What Used to Be 51.
Okay.
I think Jiffy used to be on there too.
And top of the home was their sponsor in Hollywood.
Dick, Dick, what's that was his name?
Dick Kamey.
Oh, what a brain.
What a mind.
From 100 years ago, Dick Kamey's top of the home restaurant.
And the thing was spinning around like a dreidel restaurant.
I think it started spinning too fast.
That's why they went out of business.
Vinnie's 7.
Where you slide off the toilet seat.
Taras State House 5.
Two guys, Pizzer 3.
All for a mole.
Oh, for me.
It's Taras 3.
Give these two.
They're really pub 2.
Yesterday's 1.
Barbecue a barn.
1.
Size Rivergate 1.
Man, scene.
He's no matter how you spoke, Anca.
And the Monkson is that none.
Out of 960 votes.
The Monkson is got.
The Monkson was sensational.
What is wrong with you people, man?
That is bad.
You know, I mean, you can't live in the past.
But a lot of us would like to.
In fact, wouldn't we like to turn a clock back about 20 years?
Maybe.
About 30, man.
20 years.
And like, do it all over again.
But this time.
What do you'll do?
That's good number.
Only this time.
Get it right.
This is Neil Rogers.
You're fair with this.
He's 5.
6.
2.
8.
10.
Beware of exploding balls.
There are two Miami cops with a hot doobies.
There are the streets fighting crime.
They popped at the hand of Captain Face Air.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In Allenville, Vice.
We get a problem.
The grey game is at school, Trace.
Lieutenant, isn't that the group of senior citizens
who went around trying to get the early birds special after 7?
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
It is tough at night to clean up the streets.
Hey, lady, you can't cross.
Here you'll have to cross in the light.
They're determined to clean up the smuggling business.
All right, just stare at your under arrest.
Oh, so now you're not asking my wife what's the charge?
The station of power.
I'm gonna first tell them they'll see that white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
She's got over 100 bags in here.
Over!
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant you just came out of.
Let's take a minute.
Yeah, they're coming.
In Miami Cubs.
I'm the hot movie in Allenville, Vice.
We're doing this fall on MBZ.
You know, one of the real sweet ironies of this whole thing
with the Palestinian election in Hamas winning in the landslide.
Yeah.
And now the rest of the world is saying, well, you don't recognize Israel
and therefore we ain't gonna do business with you.
We're not gonna give you any money and we don't like your attitude.
Yeah, isn't that what they've been talking about?
Is all this free and democratic elections?
Great.
And that was the big claim to fame.
Oh yeah, we're gonna have democratic, but we don't want to resolve it.
So screw you guys.
And that's the big reason that we were supposed to support Israel
that they're the only democracy even though they didn't know that well.
But if you don't like who we like then let's screw you guys.
And they send counter-leaser out there with a big mouth-talking crap.
Which works at all rights.
Now this is gonna, that's not that long.
David, I mean God forbid I should read something by Gorg et al.
Right?
Hey Gorg.
You ferry.
What does he know?
He says today the 31st of January in a hallowed year election year of 06
could be a memorable day if we all do our part,
which is simply to concentrate among other things and do perhaps
what a couple of groups have decided will be useful for the president,
I guess his state of the union.
We might give him some idea of our state which is one of the greatest
satisfaction with him in Israel's regime.
And there's talk of perhaps demonstrating in front of the Capitol
or here or there around the country to show that the union is occupied by people
who happen to be patriots and patriots do not like this government.
This is an unpatriotic government.
This is a government that deals openly in illegalities,
whether it's a technique of country which has done no harm to us,
two countries, Iraq and Afghanistan, because now we believe not in declaring
more through Congress as the Constitution requires, but through the president.
Well I think there's some terrorist over there and I think we got a bomb them.
Huh?
Well bomb them.
Now we've had the easiest presidents before, he's not unique,
but he's certainly the most active idiot we've ever had.
And now here we are planning new wars ongoing wars in the Middle East.
And so he comes with a state of the union which he's going to justify
even dropping without judicial warrants and anybody in the West he wants to listen in on.
This is what we call dictatorship.
Dictatorship.
Dictatorship and it's time that we objected.
Don't wait till the next election and do it through that.
We just can't trust the elections, thanks to Diabol and SMS and all the electronic devices
which are being plugged across this country to make sure that elections can be rigged
so that the villains will stay in power.
I think demonstration across the country could be very useful on this famous Tuesday.
Just saying no, we've had enough of you.
Go home to Crawford.
We'll help you raise the money for a library.
You won't even have ever have to read a book.
We're not cruel.
We just got right to get rid of you and let's be next president with his own library
which you can fill up with friends of yours who can either read or write.
But they'll be well served and well paid.
We hope by corporate America which will love you forever.
So I think it really is up to us to give some resonance to the state of the union
which will be largely babble.
He's not going to really try to do anything about social security.
We read in the papers.
He has no major moves other than going on and on about the legality of his illegal war
and less eavesdropping and other breaking of the law.
I had a piece on the internet some of you may have seen a few days ago
and there's a story about Tiberius who's one of my favorite Roman emperors.
He's had very bad press because the wrong people pressed a written history.
But when he became emperor they sent it to Rome, sent him congratulations for the comment.
Any law that you want us to pass we shall do so automatically.
He sent a message back.
He said this is outrageous.
Suppose I go mad.
Suppose I don't know what I'm doing.
Suppose I'm dead and somebody's pretending to be me.
Never do that.
Never expect something like preemptive war.
Which luckily the Roman senate did not propose preemptive wars against places that they didn't like.
But Mr. Bush has done that.
So this is sort of a Tiberius time without basically a good emperor.
And he was a good emperor in the sense that he sent back this legislation which was to confirm
anything he wanted to have done automatically.
And they sent it back to him again.
And then he said how eager are you to be slaves and washed his hands of the senate
and went to live in Capri a much wiser choice just as we can say.
And this kid back to Crawford, Texas where he'll be very, very happy cutting bushes of the leafy variety.
You know what's at a time when people say well it makes no difference what we do you know.
If we march and make speeches in this and that.
It makes a lot of difference of millions of Americans just say we're fed up.
We don't like you.
We don't like what you're doing to the country and what you've done to the country.
We don't like to live in a lawless land where the rule of law has just been bypassed.
And hacks are appointed to the federal,
federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal
federal, federal federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal , federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal, federal,crowd recognize that being illegal, is unacceptable and there's no malice.
for the country, 49% say they prefer Congress.
They don't like Congress much, but they can stand him less.
He's off track, says Polster, what's his name?
Heart, Peter Heart?
All hearted.
Who wonders if Bush will use his state of the Union
to address this record more, can so you,
to retell with his political opponents,
if it's our way or the highway,
it'll be a very long year for the president, Peter Hart said.
How do you like that?
Very long year for him, for all of us too.
Who's that food cake on there talking about the Oscars?
But the glasses, who is that?
One of those movie-equatics.
She went to a winner as it has been such a short thing to know.
Oh my God.
Oh, it's Michael Muster from the Village Voice.
Hey, Michael.
You're fair.
Wow.
Oh, and here's that scene from Ropeback Mountain.
Look what they're doing there as well.
Has there ever been a film of gay love that's won the Oscars before?
The Oscars.
The kids of the Spider-Women in the 80s,
one best actor for William Hertz,
and that was about a gay outrageous character
with a lot of fancy ideas.
And it was nominated for Best Picture.
But no, this would probably be the first gay theme to movie
to win Best Picture.
And I'm quite certain it will.
A big surprise also, perhaps the biggest challenger
to broke back Muster and crash.
Crash was a movie that was very well received when it came out.
It's about a while.
Why is it that the movie credits all have to be either gay?
Or have like a big mustache like the NBC Jean's Charlotte.
I do like Charlotte, so my Charlotte, but nevermind.
I don't know.
5675, it's a good point.
I don't know why that is.
Yeah.
Tom Fives speaks well like what's his name?
Rex Reed.
Rex Reed.
Oh, yeah.
That's because up Queen, that's supposed to have such good taste
in everything like clothing and a movie that myths style,
like like Liza Manelli, you know?
Yes.
And what's that cabaret?
What about it?
567056.
Do there are times when I walk this reach here
and I see a whole bunch of people I think.
You people look like you're a cast from cabaret.
Well, life is a cabaret.
Bunch of stand-in, do you know what I'm saying?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Wow, you're pushing really weird.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Was that the my car you had on there?
How about that thing?
We've been with the my car.
They're still in business.
Oh, it's we don't have the my car on our thing.
How do you like that?
And we don't.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about super exchange?
That's been close for a long time.
The super exchange, Emily.
Smokehouse, Obar to Q and Haan, Hollandale.
Got it.
And the super exchange, you can put that on there.
It was a good idea.
That way you can go and trade soup for other soup.
Yeah, you bring in a can of camels and they got like hines
and they got progressive.
No, that was a place where they had all these great soups.
They had shallad.
You see, it was an psychic color.
I was just saying about shallad.
And they charge you by the pound.
And by the ounce, by the weight, you know, you put your stuff
onto a plate.
And they put it on the plate.
And they charge you by the weight.
And it was kind of great.
But you're too late because you're gone.
Super thing.
It's a good idea for people to love soup.
And I happen to love soups.
Which most of them are like, they've got a lot of fat in it.
And like, you know, a lot of salt.
Not good for you.
Lots of that because they got this low fat consomy over here.
I'd like to trade for something like that.
Oh, low fat soup.
Oh my, the worst.
There is not like, like, dish water.
Dish water.
There is nothing in the world worse than low fat and low salt soup.
You, it tastes like something Paris Hilton left in a can.
What do we got?
We got 90.
You said, we're going to get to a thousand votes right by the top of the hour.
How do you like that, Josh?
Court has said, I told you, you said, now we can't do it.
That's what I said.
No.
Sounds good, though.
It was no gets early if you had that nice free lunch.
Hey, I'm all pretty good stuff, huh?
Yeah, it's a melting pot, Fort Lauderdale, a whole bunch of times.
Melding pot, now, and I wear Arthing.
They're at 1135 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
All right.
You know, who I first laid eyes on, I have a very sentimental feeling for the melting pot
for one reason.
Yeah.
The melting pot in Kendall.
I guess that was a sponsor way back when in the early days.
Mainly the melting pot in Coral Springs.
But anyway, in fact, your best friend Dave used to work there at the melting pot in Coral Springs.
How's my friend doing?
He's doing great.
He says you talk a lot.
The one in Coral, the one in Kendall, I walk in there because I guess I was going to have
dinner with him like something there.
And Alan Dresner was in there with some ugly friend of his from Cooper City High.
Okay.
Alan Dresner.
And I looked at Alan and I thought to myself, oh my god.
Then I found out that all the kids went to school with Alan and thought he was a real a-hole
and at whatever.
You sure you used to look good, Alan?
Probably still do, but that's okay.
Those were the days, man.
Those were really the days.
Those Zeta days.
Those salad days as they say.
Now, what does that really mean?
The salad days.
I guess that's when you got salad.
When we're show, who don't want salad?
I really have steak and lobster myself.
Top of the R will be checking out that, listen, you folks have got a big assignment all this week.
This isn't just a one-day deal now.
And of course with both coming on at two o'clock being kind of the duller that he is.
He's a great guy, but he's very dull.
And his name wasn't even mentioned on there, which I think is grotesque disrespect.
His name was never mentioned Curtis Stevenson.
Guilty was never mentioned.
Intensely, by the way, by great codex.
So, Bo's got an incentive to really lean on this thing, you know.
Give us a whole bunch of votes on this stupid great codex, Miami-Herald blog poll.
When you think Bo should give us a lot more, you think?
972 people have voted so far on that blog.
Look at that.
Looky, looky, here comes cookie.
Man, 825 prefer QAM, and 147 retards prefer Labashtard on whatever that other place is.
Process 3, Neil Rattie's money's racing.
This is 5.16 QAM.
Oh my god.
How'd you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two while?
This is Dan Rabbit, former CDS evening news anchor man, and now a punchline.
My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an amy-air talking head.
But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me.
First, Bob Sheifer, nice enough man, but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits.
And everyone knows you can't conduct a train if you use Rogan.
Another name that has been banning about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CDS evening news.
There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long, plus he's Canadian.
And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, he can't be a hose head.
Then there's Scott Pelley from 60 Minutes.
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush.
I think, plus he's skinnier than Kelly Ripa.
And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man.
And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime.
The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kirk.
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J. Lo's butt cheeks.
Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she wreaks of gene to take.
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember.
You can't.
You can only hope to find someone who is involved.
Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered, she thinks her name should be part of the Pledge of Allegiance.
For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong is to bang,
and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table.
This is Dan Rather.
This is, this fact you just sent me, this is the shockstale out of me.
From the desk of the legend and the Rothman.
Oh, that fact.
Yeah, about the poll.
Forget the poll, Mr. Coney Island is number one, two dogs in a commission.
No contest.
Also it says I'm sitting in a bench in Delray watching the time rule away, and it was signed by whoever the real person was.
But then they thought better of it and they like magic markered it out.
Right, I'll mark it out.
Yeah.
We got over a thousand R.P. and the other poll.
Thousand and two on the red code text labested poll.
Oh, look at this.
Now do we put my arrows on here?
I think we did, didn't we?
Did we?
Yeah.
Look, I can't even focus my eyes right now.
Oh, don't tell me we left it off.
Do over.
No.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Well, let it on here.
It's not too late.
This is still going to be on earth throughout the rest of the day, so just relax.
We talked about it yesterday.
It must be my bad.
I must have left it off.
Out, dude.
Well, this is an important poll.
Whoever wins gets to be reopened.
That's right.
If whichever restaurant wins, we opens for a week.
Monero Statecast has been a landmark along Helen B.
It's the beach table of Arts in 53.
It's hard when they call for a comfort zone.
And if I may get ready to regular, especially the crowd from nearby Gulf Stream Park.
Or, oh, the average age is 110, that plus 15.
It was the place to be if you've been married to a interior celebrity, socialite, or a
jockey.
The autographed photo is dating back to the early 50s, decorated the walls of the restaurant
and bar.
Over the years, however, younger crowds seeking trendier places to control on the
stay-couse.
On top of that, the New Helen B.
will be the boulevard bridge hit most of the restaurant from view and blocked
access as well, said former owner Nick Monero.
Loved your joint Nick and the place, too.
So after 51 years, the restaurant closed its doors for good on May 24th of 2004.
At 11 o'clock on July 13th today, your photos of athletes probably had a display.
In other words, I don't want to say that today because they'll be going out on its past 11 o'clock.
There are a lot of memories here that Eric Fetcher, Monero Stepson, who managed the restaurant.
During its heyday in the 80s, people lined up to get tables.
And those days, the restaurant would seat 360, served 6 to 700 dinners each night.
Recently, the crowds dwindled and the restaurant only served about 300 meals on weekend nights.
On average week nights, the restaurant's only about 80 people.
Long time wait for his merry royal, no relation to Peter.
63 started working at Monero's in 67 and fondly members pouring coffee and talking to celebrities.
She says those were the best years of my life.
Regular as a Caledale City Commissioner Dorothy Rossitz, he couldn't believe it.
When she heard Monero's close, she drove home and just to see it for herself.
She said she took a picture and left. She felt very sad. It was a landmark.
More recently, he became a favorite dinner spot for Marlon's manager, Jack McKeein,
who brought national attention to Monero's during last year's World Series.
He visited Monero's last summer, told the waiter he'd like a chopped steak, which was not a menu.
But the chef cooked the dish and prompted the Jack McKeein special with a chopped steak, a hamburger.
Oh nice, there's good taste for your Marlon's manager, okay?
And what did they find that got rid of his ass?
God.
I don't know where I'm going to go now, McKeein said, oh, we all do. We know where you're going.
It was the kind of place where you could find other sports-minded people.
Well, you could find a lot of sports-minded people right here on all sports radio 560,
WQA is set between 10 and 2 when we got that day.
Hang on. How do you like that, Jack?
Ironically.
Yeah. WQA, I am. Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I forgot one, I think, in Florida, the cage.
The caves. Well, that was where they used to run around in Leotards.
I'm adding a shirt.
Boy, claw.
Loin claws. So, like I said, Leotard Loin claws, same bag kind of stuff.
In Loin claws, that's where the caves get it out and they're right away.
The caves.
It was a real fag place.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 and you've arrived in a singular wireless line.
I'll tell you another one in Davy.
That was a very good restaurant. Jimmy, January's.
I think you can spell that. Can't you, Jimmy? January's.
Okay.
I think he could handle that.
Even though both of your heads are swimming around like a dreidel and he.
Oh, man. Well, how much of that sugar, man?
You bet he gets so slow, man. He's a little slow.
Yeah, right.
There's that Kennedy again, but it would put about two days ahead.
The Alito was sworn in with the Supreme Court and a lot of people are sworn about it.
Kiss your ass and your rights goodbye, baby. It's all over. The party's over.
WQA, I am. Hello.
Hello.
I don't know if anything didn't, uh, it didn't happen.
I don't know.
How about La Perla by the Game Wave movie theater?
Okay. La Perla. How do you know, La Perla? I remember that.
I don't. In Forla, La Perla.
That was very good. I think I ate there once or twice.
I won a two or three. Yeah. La Perla.
P-E-R-L-A. Got it.
Got it. Two words. La Perla.
I have to spell this out because he is so, uh, you know, dim.
See a clockwork orange? Dim.
WQA, I'm. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. What about swimming in Alendale?
Well, slimes was good. Yeah. It's so open. Yeah.
Slimes is a similar. Just keep driving east, baby. You'll hit it.
Slimes.
Oh, the fact that people actually believe that. That, that, that was maybe the little light of my life.
Go on a year and make something up.
Totally, just totally ridiculous on the face of it.
I don't have to be a factor. They're giving away free meals. That's slimes.
You just get on a one a and just keep, uh, and you get on.
And if you remember, no matter how many numbers you read off when you were given the address,
they'd keep me writing and writing it under 20th or 30th.
Where was it again? 182, 475, 618, 941.
East, Alendale, Beach, Boulevard.
It's like about six miles out in the ocean.
And there are, you know, something we may have to do service. Maybe some of them just kept driving.
WQA, I'm. Hello.
Neil. Maybe they wanted to create a drive through which slimes. Yes, sir.
Do you remember the cats me out on 17th Street before?
No, I never heard of it now.
Well, it was in the seventies. It was so dark and cold in there.
You walked in there on a summer day and you couldn't see inside.
They're pretty good hamburgers and head girls walking around these nice little, uh, shorty outfit.
Nice. The cats me out.
Okay, got it. Thanks, pal.
Perfect. Catch me out. You got it? We got it.
Yeah.
Kill it. Hop in that microwave with it.
Fry it. It is the year of the dog, though. Don't forget.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five, six and they've risen in singular wireless line.
Chinese people don't eat dog, not in North America.
In China, they did in China. Yeah.
Not in North America. Not in North America.
How do you know? How do you know?
And of course I have a line for that, but you're supposed to get, we're just filming at the mouth.
Just look away. Right. WQA, I'm. Hello.
Yeah, me up. Yes, sir.
Yeah, how about the branding? I ain't up in both.
The branding are and I never heard of it.
WQA, I'm. Hello.
You. Can I.
Me of God. Yes, sir.
How about my corn and the fish powder?
Close down there. Thank you.
If we did see the vocus stuff, then we'd have to also put on like the Rascal House in Boka.
And then people be calling the Rascal House isn't closed, sunny. Yeah.
Boy, you know, Josh ate at the Rascal House recently and I still can't figure out why.
Because it's open at like four o'clock in the morning.
I see. I'd say one thing for South Florida, there sure aren't.
There's a dearth of restaurants that are open like really late.
Not really. Huh? Not really.
Not really. No, they're whole.
There are a lot of them. Like, no, they're not.
I said there's a dearth of restaurants.
That's not dearth meant a lot.
No, a dearth means very few. I do.
Yeah, well, there's Denys and I hop in.
I hop in. I hop in. Right.
And the Rascal House.
Hey, speaking of more reasons to get out of South Florida.
As if hurricanes roaches sea lice and insurance bills weren't bad enough, Floridians can add a new
minutes to their list of worries.
Killer Bs are here. Now, you know that we've got a lot of promises.
Walking to a crowded place in Starrie Island.
Killer Bs. Killer. But now you can do it.
And it says they're going to change your life.
Well, after decades of hype and cheesy disaster movies, Africanized honeybees have established
a foothold in Florida, bringing a hair-tigger temper that makes them a threat to farm workers
landscapers, meter readers, firefighters, and basically everybody who ventures outdoors.
In St. Lucille County, thousands of bees nesting below ground-air water meters swarmed out of one
lucky utility workers late last year, though not fatally, several detects kill two dogs near
Miami and Sarasota, along with a horse near La Belle west of Lake Oca Cholbe.
Africanized bee commies have turned up in ports throughout the state, including four peers
in the Port of Palm Beach, and have been suspected at tourist attractions such as bush gardens
and downtown business. Nobody knows how to stop them. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
So Floridians will just have to adapt, just as they learned to nail plywood before hurricanes
and scan logs for fire and mounts. Not to mention, of course, the old Bufo Toad.
That means residents should be proof their homes, ceiling any openings that could allow the insects to turn
at the wall into killer bee condos experts say. People should also look up before starting lawnmores
whose noise can provoke the bees, opening potential nesting sites as it sheds and barbecue grills.
Those are already realities from Texas to California where the bee showed up in the 90s
after decades on March from Brazil to Mexico, probably from Rio in the city of God.
Right? Yeah. Well, who the hell would want to hang out there? That's why they got out.
Oh, brutal.
113 at 560 W. Here on the audience is coming through big time for us today on at the Greg Cotex website.
And if you voted two or three times, do it again. Oh, he wants us to creep that fold or right ahead.
You have my permission and encouragement and enthusiastic direction and admonition.
Well, they can get their listeners to creep it too, you know. They already have 151.
851 to 151. How do you like them, Apple's Greg Cotex? And I just can't wait to see the ringing of teeth and gnashing.
Oh, gee, that damn broaders. You don't even do a sport. Well, so I'm not having them vote for me. I'm not on there.
I'm objective. I'm like the referee. I'm like the pimp, the pivot man. I don't even grab a yellow civilian, I'm like a pimp.
Like Stanley Cohen at INZ. Hey, Stanley, you silly goose.
Finally, a TV experience would like no other Comcast digital cable without a man as easy to use and has lots of love to love.
And today you can try for what I just say. And today you can try for only 29.99 a month or four months.
Why is TV so much better with on demand? For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV. On demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so,
with programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more.
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it.
And let's not forget about control with on demand. You can start, stop, pause, rewind and fast forward programs using your remote control.
You won't get all this with satellite. With up to 250 channels plus on demand, you can build your own TV schedule who could axe for more.
And best of all, on demand is free with Comcast digital cable.
So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how you ever got along without it. Call today order Comcast digital cable and HBO with a power of on demand for just 29.99 a month or four months.
In Dave County, call 305 Comcast or in Broward 954 Comcast. Call for details, certain restrictions apply.
And those numbers in Dave 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 a.m.
The judge is picking all of the facts of indie prostitution's charging documents and him saying over and over again, yes your honor, yes your honor, yes your honor.
He's been allowing it.
Who has given lots of gifts before? He's gonna be the best.
They're gonna walk him through that grand end all.
And that is the show that gave him all he ever got.
He didn't give a note in his plea. He ripped the people off. He ever got.
He'll get what he deserves for his therapy.
Once I was here QA, I got to know that was part of the day.
Perfect. I'm on 9.95. I was clear late this morning, quinter the FHP.
Two people were injured after trying to, and nobody died. I don't know what the judge is making that story.
So that's what they're saying on the radio while I was stuck in it. Thank you.
I'm not radio. Let's say I.O.D. Let's talk about our radio.
What radio was saying that? Our station.
Well, you listen to our station for news. Oh my God.
What do I need to hear is the traffic.
Two people were injured after a tractor trailer lost its drive shaft.
A device that carries power from the engine, the wheels on a highway.
FHP Sergeant, Mark Weissaki said.
Traffic was affected for about an hour and a half as the FHP worked the scene.
It was clear to run 10.45 this morning. Everything is just fine.
Right now.
Oh, we're fine.
Truck lost its drive shaft on the southbound lane of the interstages north of Hollywood Boulevard.
Run 15.
The driver, 32-year-old Fernandez,
Abyssal of mommy was not heard.
In 98, Honda Prelude, he'd hit the drive shaft, lost control, Weissaki said.
The car was then hit on the driver's side, but another tractor trailer.
Driver Styliana, Stianova, 23 of Hellendale, had minor injuries.
Well, that must be a, in Josh and his Russian girlfriend.
Styliana, she was a Russian. That's how I watched you drive.
Her passenger, 30-year-old, about 30-man.
Carapolis Stammethis of Hollywood Head Series, injury department.
Greek.
Yeah.
They were taken by ambulance to Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood.
The driver of the truck that hit the Honda,
Pope said he resident Timothy Fudge, 29, was not injured.
I wonder if he's kind of Fudge Brown.
Now, very disturbing story, and that's probably why Curtis Raymond Burnt with the Beasley No More.
There was a local station set, a Mark Ferradio Revenue in 2005.
Was it us?
No.
Sure wasn't across the street.
Spanish Broadcasting System said today that Revenue at SWXDJ, that's L-Soul, 95.7,
soared by 42% per cent in 2005 over the previous year,
through 23.3 million dollars making it the highest biller ever.
And the South Florida Radio Market Coenua Independent Analyst.
Additionally, SBS Station that Spanish Broadcasting System in New York and Los Angeles
were ranked as the top two Spanish language builders in the USA,
according to Radio Revenue Marker, a market monitoring firm, Yadia, Yavela.
According to Fall Arbiteron, ratings L-Soul, Mike, the South Florida's top station
among 18 to 34, while SBS is W CMQFM Classic-92,
came in as the top Spanish language station, and secondized overall.
CMQ Classic-92.
And Yamama.
So there you go.
It's another Julio.
Oh, look at that.
Morgantown, North Carolina.
There's something on fire.
There's fire burning there.
Morgantown, North Carolina.
Aren't you all whipped up about that?
What about says it?
I have no idea.
You guys see me where it's in town.
Where's the fire?
It's in a building.
Yeah, but where's Morgantown?
It's in a joint.
I have no idea.
No, where Morgantown, West Virginia is.
I thought maybe it was going to be like another coalmider's daughter story.
But it's in Morgantown.
There's no...
The Morgantown, North Carolina.
But I just got you saying Morgantown.
Okay.
You're giving me a solid advance about...
They don't have the earth type.
You don't know that earth from the earth.
Explosion of the chemical plant in Morgantown, North Carolina.
That's what that is, a chemical plant in your plant.
Let's see how Greg Cotex is doing it.
Where there's ugly pictures of six ugly guys.
Good thing they left me off.
Oh, actually, I should have been on there.
Wouldn't have looked anywhere some of these pictures of them.
Your favorite South Florida radio sports person out of...
Let's vote this one for Mad Dog.
What do you say?
Huh?
Because you've got to like the guy that's going to be on after you from two to six.
404 people on that have voted so far.
Mad Dog 174.
Joe Rose 83.
Hank Goldberg, the Humper 78.
And Dan LaVastard still bringing up the rear.
69.
How do you like that?
Danny Boyd is bringing up there.
But here's the category he's doing very well.
Who is your least favorite South Florida sports hold?
Danny LaVastard off the UMAP 169.
Humper 94.
Sid Rosenberg 83.
Goldberg and Rosenberg.
And Orlando Alzequery only 34 because he enjoyed.
And now let's see.
And now comes the piece of resistance.
Which of the big stations you prefer for sports radio?
Okay, in 1027 votes, WQAM 872.
702.
The ticket WXY, our good close friends across the street.
A Greg Cotex's home away from home.
Got it out of 155.
872.
155.
You following those numbers?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Your future hinges on these numbers.
So lean on it.
Lay on it.
Squeeze it.
WQAM, hello.
You've got a couple of months for your poll.
I won't mention that.
Okay.
I got the...
This goes?
Cisco.
This goes.
It's gone.
And Victoria Station's gone also.
Victoria Station where they had little trains running around.
That's it.
And they got a Nina Castell and Aaron Gil also.
Okay.
Alrighty.
What are you just saying?
I have no idea what you're just saying.
Cisco's and Victoria Station, that was very popular to join.
And they had like the little railroad tracks, you know,
little rail cars going around.
Oh, okay.
I heard about that.
Yeah.
They talked about them about 400 times.
How many QAM, hello?
Yeah.
Nina was an after the one.
Good afternoon.
Yeah.
I want to, as far as the Miami Hero of Concert, right?
I want to, and if you could see, in Sunday's paper,
the sports section, right?
You don't know what you're making tall, do you?
No.
No, no.
Good.
I usually use them to, uh,
the drawing in the morning.
Yeah.
He's a chronic call.
I just thought maybe you knew him.
Maybe you could like break his leg or something.
No.
Yeah.
And the sports section, right?
And the game started at Senior Bowl.
They have it at the U.M., the young guy from U.M. was the MVP of the 151.
But the last time I checked, they lost.
I have that one.
The headline, the first thing that this is, is this in the herald?
Yeah, the herald.
Well, you know, they lie like crazy.
And then why would you believe anything the herald would say?
I can't believe that for a while.
If they say it's going to be a sunny day, grab your umbrella.
I know, man.
I never thought it blows.
Okay.
Thanks for the rollin' on that.
Oh, get some inside information from over there.
I thought it was only a fairly, semi-civilist.
5.670560.
Tom 560 and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Now maybe we know where so many people gravitate to that one.
Like the booster.
What are the orange hair?
Well, I'll tell you.
I just, I don't get him at all.
I can't, you know, he turned on it.
You know, first I argued with Josh about turning down the job with Amarlance.
And I was wrong.
Josh was right.
The espn gig was a better deal.
Then he turns down the job as the play-by-play radio voice of his own beloved New York
Metz.
And I said to myself, this is a, this is something greater than just love between him and
LeBaster.
Because why would anybody, a young guy like him, turn down the job as the primary broadcaster
radio voice of the Metz?
I mean, I told you what he said, right?
What do you say?
He said he basically liked what he was doing and he wasn't, he didn't really feel like
doing the 162 games, you know, all year traveling and like that.
He likes what he's doing now.
You know what?
There's a four letter word.
But it sums up what you just told me.
What's that?
L-A-Z-Y.
Hey man.
He's got a good thing going.
Okay, I guess, guess maybe he and Danny Boy got some of them.
Maybe you want to watch.
Maybe send me that fair, bright mountain express mail tonight.
W-E-Q-I-N, hello.
Hello, good news.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
I just wanted to see if there could be like a poll for tomorrow on see how many lives
we're going to hear tonight on the mistake of the nation.
Yeah.
Okay.
I would say.
About 30, man.
In the first minute.
I'm not watching it.
I don't want to know about it.
And I think Gorffet Alla had his thumb right on it as usual and enough said, you know.
I don't want to take what's been a glorious day, especially right from the beginning hearing
about the departure of our salesman, or such as he was.
Just a frumpy, dumpy kind of like a scared of his own.
He just couldn't cut it, man.
Couldn't cut it.
And of course, he didn't want you to build a kimchi and that he was going to bring
his own people just like Greg's right on himself with his own people.
And what a group it was too, you know.
Josh Friedman.
Yeah.
Think about these people.
Maddie Bell.
Gary Sarner.
The Water Nazi.
Screw in.
Huh?
What?
Like I said yesterday, if you're going to set out something fat boy in the heart, we beg
them.
Please, screw in.
Don't do it.
And of course, see people think whatever Neil says, that's what happens.
You got to totally backward.
Whatever I say, they do the opposite because I'm dumb.
I'm like, Fredo, I'm dumb and they're smart.
They know it all.
Oh, don't put stern on because you're going to wind up losing that license or Dan, you're
going to, you know, so they go ahead and put it on here.
How long did that really last when he went on?
I think it was like about the 10th of August and the station of 2000 and the faux.
And by the end of December, that show was gone.
Okay.
And we were in hot water again.
Nice going Greg.
And maybe tell me Greg is running around here and is under where we're handing out the
diaries or whatever, handing out the arbitrage books, Jim Schwartz and flip flops.
Oh my God.
Flip, flip flop.
There you go.
Especially on his case, underlying the flop party.
This is Neil Roger.
Nice going Greg.
You've got this.
It's 5'16".
Q.A.
I'm not going to be there.
Alex and babies are all around his name.
But is it the first step to miss doing Mrs Smith becoming Mr. and Mrs. P. All along well
at the day till we get off break?
Yeah, break.
From the coverage of Brad and the mother to be.
There are two new victims Hollywood, even before Brad and his you have their babies.
I'm just bored today.
I've heard enough of the spay or how about you?
Italy is kids.
Maddie C.
The heart of people is for now a history.
So we can stay in an Hollywood is friends of Lenaville.
A lot of people have judged day grants or the names of these.
It's a Brad and Angelina of Tau.
But our Mr. and Mrs. Smith are already losing happily ever after day.
After days or days, there's no way.
And I know.
We have to have law installed.
But we've got more grandchildren in this.
Brad, one time, that's what kind of now is the best pile of pilots always.
We are using that comments.
They're on Greg's coach.
This is web setting end today, including the very last one that says all for me.
Doido doido.
There you go.
All for mold.
Well, the mold the merrier.
567 on.
Let's see.
Last count of 1041 votes.
Which station you prefer for sports?
881 QAM 160 for the Amantators across the street.
Daddy and his money.
Very sad.
WCWAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yes.
I got one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
Catfish.
Do we?
Catfish.
Do we?
Yes.
What was that?
That was it's been in South Florida for 40 years.
But where was it?
It was on university and it was also went out by the beach in like open park.
But no mold.
No mold.
Okay, thanks, Pali.
Catfish do it.
You got it.
Yeah, I think.
You wait there.
I think you used to take people there.
Al Goldstein used to take you there and what else?
And we would eat?
Yeah.
Oh man.
I just want to warn you about one thing.
Yeah.
Remember who used to hang out and go to those Al Goldstein bankwits on Sunday or whatever
you used to call them at this place in Palm Pino Beach?
That right.
There you go.
I'll see if that works anymore.
No.
Uh huh.
I know.
Just a word to the wise for all you crazy guys.
Here's one that says for the poll.
If by best you're referring to fine dining.
Well let's see the poll question says what was the best South Florida restaurant that
closed in the past 20 years?
Well that's a course where I subjective, you know?
I mean some people out there think like a one guy thought we are all with the best restaurant.
We love weighing and we love those little sliders but I mean come on man.
It said if you're referring to fine dining, I hope it would be a Burton jacks but if you're
talking about the best bang for your buck which we're not, then hands down would have to
be scallions and four-letter deal where two people could eat themselves sick leave with
a nice buzz and still get changed back from the 20.
God I missed that place.
And by the way why are they still necessarily short live scream?
It sounds wonderful.
I can't find it.
I'm glad you can't find it.
You're going to want to start.
Don't start.
Go to the Melting Pot and eat some of that fondue and swoon with your blood sugar going
up to 10,000.
It's great stuff.
Right?
Right.
Oh God.
Man.
Kidding.
When you started talking about all the different, well they have taken a very basic simple
thing which was fine in the first place and they've obviously expanded into a thousand
different varieties of really fantastic delicious gooey, sweet.
You could do that roll of marshmallow and crushed up oreo.
Wraindracker crust, a scrunched up by that.
And then you dip that fondue in that third chocolate.
Oh my God.
It's almost like that thing from FATSO.
I'm almost inspired to play that whole damn thing.
Or at least try the option of cobalt.
I'm a little bit in line with chocolate chip ice cream.
I'll take with chocolate chip ice cream is good.
Ringing.
And chocolate surprised me.
Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream even better.
That's nothing.
Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly down that whole hand then fill it with chocolate
swirl ice cream?
I like to stuff a jelly donut with Reese's peanut butter cut.
Then put it in a warm oven and let the chocolate melt into the dough.
I'll put a peanut butter in jelly on a chocolate covered grey emcracker.
With the mayonnaise of a man around top.
Could I have a little lemon in my water please?
I make chocolate chip cookies with m&m's.
It's not a chocolate chip.
So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please.
Still up a lot of lemon?
No, I'd like a little special.
I'll use a squeeze in mine if you got it.
No, sorry.
No, okay, that's mine.
The clones they got chocolate covered orange wedges.
The juice just scribbles down your chin.
Junior, could I have just a drop of honey in this please?
Oh man.
Sunny laugh a lot of man.
He didn't have any.
Yeah.
136 at the 560 W. Kim were just absolutely killing the competition man.
We're bearing them.
It's like a gigantic enormous freight train just running over on that.
You know what I mean?
Like brushing a little net off your ass.
W.K.Y.M. Hello.
Not there on 7. That's bad. Mark that one down.
W.K.Y.M. Hello.
Algonneo.
Yes sir.
You got the colas on there?
Oh my God. It never pines.
Oh man.
Tash street off the best pizza.
You know how many times I ate in there?
I ate probably a thousand times. That was great.
Yeah. And it's still on your foot there, huh?
And it's I still got a little bit of it.
All right.
Thanks, Bally.
And the colas.
And I see OLA apostrophe.
That's the colas.
It was on Tash street by Yamama.
By Douglas I guess.
Okay.
Little strip shopping center.
I know right where it is.
But no, you know, remember that.
They'll cover and I used to eat there all the time.
And the colas.
And then his one of the members of the family also had a place called something.
Which I can't think of what his name was.
Nick's.
Nick's.
Which I don't know where that was.
So don't put it on it because I can't think of where it was or what it's all about.
Did we put Jimmy January's on there?
I don't think so.
I don't think we put half of it.
Yeah, we did.
Okay.
Just relax.
Okay.
I'll bet out of shape now.
He is so emotional.
Man.
I feel sorry for that Russian girlfriend of yours.
He's working on the headache.
I can't imagine why.
Oh, her bets is no more.
Good.
Good.
Serve you right, Herbie.
What's wrong with my commasuals, Neil?
And it fell me 58 and half seconds.
With a stopwatch.
It's one thing to be Jewish.
It's another thing to be just a little bit too Jewish, huh?
Her bets.
H-E-R-B-E-T-S.
All the cops used you there.
So what does that say?
It was kind of like a, I don't know, like a diner place.
It was all right.
Food was okay.
Binding and dancing.
Dining and dancing.
Joey Kau is there with his brother Steve Gold Schwartz.
What's what?
Everything?
Steve Cohen.
And his sister, Muddy Cohen.
Let's see.
We got a 1049 vote.
And we've added on this prestigious places.
Man, see, he still in heaven.
He's a smokehouse barbecue.
Don't have any.
Moneros don't have any.
Come on, man.
Jimmy, January's don't have any.
It's because we got no listeners.
I love Perla.
Don't have any.
Victoria station.
Don't have any.
Cisco's none.
Remember the Cisco kid?
And Pacho.
I wonder if he was akin to a poopy or a compo.
Catfish do he's don't have.
Now, what is this one on?
There's super stains, only one.
Jimmy, January's got a vote.
I'll ride.
Whoever voted for it.
You fare.
It was good though.
Very good.
Catch me. I've got one.
And Monson finally got a pair.
Monson, another place with that fantastic French onion soup.
Oh, man.
That is so good.
You know, the real, I'm talking about the authentic kind.
Not the goi, the way they make it.
Like with little, spits a little cheese in there
and pretend that they want to make.
Oh no.
I'm talking about with this.
Well, yeah.
All different kinds of cheeses.
Yeah.
Have you say cheese or cheeses?
I say cheeses, Christ.
I say holy cheeses.
That's really good.
Holy cheeses.
And how about that?
Don't forget the cheese.
Right.
You can't play that in a moment.
What?
Are you out of your mind?
None of the words are on there.
Get out of here.
Think about it.
It says do it.
Yeah.
Do this.
You do them.
Not that.
How about the Dan La Bastard?
You do them.
No, thank you.
56670560, pound 560.
They're taking a wampit over there.
And I can only just begin to imagine,
whoa, what was that?
And you'll see the interesting part of it is,
since I don't do a sports show.
And I'm the only one.
In other words, this audience can,
is as objective as anybody.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
Because we're asking, now what they think about me
as versus this one?
No, I'm not involved in this.
It's, here's a bunch of names.
And obviously, that's the reason that there are more people
who listen to QAM and that category,
than your favorite release favorite,
because a lot of our people will listen to any of them.
I don't know if it came as a shock to clearance.
Oh, how is that possible?
I mean, everybody is into sports,
who wants to listen to that crap between 10 and 2.
That's what Clarence would tell you.
Because he's a sports nerd.
He's a baby with a juxtrap.
He was born with a juxtrap on.
That's why he was always coming to the studio,
like, for the ring cup.
Trying to rearrange his goods.
Remember that?
No.
I'm trying to forget it.
How about that hotline?
What about it?
Oh, it's ringing.
QAM, Rollie Lodge.
I've been rolling, and I'll see another one of his, uh, huh?
I don't know.
No, that had been.
He said, Rollie, you're picking right up,
and still giving me that, how long was that ringing?
You were, you know, going on a rant,
I was waiting for you to finish.
Well, yeah, but you could have picked it up.
I could have, but that kind of screwed up.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that one.
That's it all out of one.
And what's more important finding out who that was,
or a screwing off the phone system.
So whoever just called on the bat line,
called back, because we're really all in the edge of our seat,
maybe it was the Curtis-Duraman Burr.
Maybe it was a Norma can.
Maybe it was, oh, maybe it was one of those people
who used to work for us.
It's over there like Josh Friedman or somebody
over there on the other side.
Maybe it was a fat boy, you know?
Remember what I said yesterday?
I want to repeat this every day.
Two things.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
And number two, regardless of anything else,
a QAM.
Keep this in mind.
As long as they're around, the game players will still play games,
the liars will still lie, and the
shifless misfits will still be
shifless misfits.
Careful how you say it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
Neil God.
That's a loop.
I was sleeping in the park just trying to take a
snooze.
I got home in the dark.
It left me black and blue.
I'm hurt so bad, I'm coughing up blood.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with
clubs?
Don't know why this happened.
I took the clothes to the head.
They took off.
They were laughing.
They left me here for dead.
I've got a ass.
Would they hire on drugs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with
clubs?
I'm lying here.
Can hardly move.
They took those face-fall beds and swung
like they grew.
Like the ass, the parents wide.
They raised their kids this way.
Lots and lots of prison time.
They'll be the price they pay.
Put them in jail with all those of the
first.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with
clubs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with
clubs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with
clubs?
Why was I beaten by...
We got the bowl coming up at two o'clock.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
We got the Curtis Stevens in 7 to 830.
Then Hurricane Warbub 839 would be a big
audience.
9 o'clock is the hurricane and wake
forest.
I'll be going to what?
Hurricane game?
I'm not exciting.
Let's see.
I'm trying to get all these numbers one last time.
Of course it's going to be going on all week long.
Sit on your laurels.
On a Greg Kothek's Mimeo hero blog?
What are we making a move now?
What do we got?
Favorite sports host?
Mad Dog 189.
Joe Rose 88.
The Humper 84 right on Joe's butt.
And Dan Labastered again pulling up the rear of
73.
Least favorite.
Dan Labastered crushing the competition 181.
Humper 105.
Sid the Kid 90.
He sucks.
And the big guy was only got 35 because he's rock solid.
And then which you prefer?
Which of the big two states can you prefer for sports
radio?
WQM or 790 the ticket?
Greg Kothek's loves it.
He's on it.
He's singing and laughing and puking and it sucks.
891 for QM and 164 for them.
For the bad guys.
84% for us.
16% for them.
Pretty close huh?
Tight.
Yeah, pretty tight.
Just like the ratings usually are too.
Just forget about that December.
Okay, if you got any brains over there don't get yourself
all worked up into a leather because it ain't going to happen no more.
Let's see, here's from Art says how about these restaurants.
And how could I have forgotten the Spice Dapple?
How could you?
Because he used to be Alan Burksponsor and then he had the
nerve to go and die.
By the way, I put that line 12 on hold and anybody
find out what it was?
There was a no answer, no voice, no nothing talking on the other side.
Oh, it was probably fat boy.
Spice Dapple gets that on there.
The red coach grill.
The flame.
FAMING!
The K-pop tree.
Remember the K-pop tree?
No.
I heard so much about that place I never ate there.
Was that like in Davy way out there way out west?
The K-pop tree.
And then also Art's got it.
And it's listed we was doing fine until they got to Dan Dowd's
do not put that on there.
Because the question is not what is the worst but what is the best?
Dan Dowd's was oh from a hunger.
Even that cow moved out from our front.
Remember?
No.
Yeah, the one that's in front of the university dies and everybody
knows how to eat.
Well, both campers got the big cow, the big ceramic cow, the mookow.
I thought that was the black angus cow.
No, that's the black anus that's in front of that place.
What kind of a name is that anyway?
One thing I remember about the black anus is that oh and I've
seen another place that I loved.
Every time we do this I mean it comes back to the same kind of joints.
But you know something?
I was thinking about the cheese on the burger, on the steak.
They actually made a steak of the black anus like with cheese melted on it.
It sounds good.
Too bad the meat wasn't any good.
But um, DALTS.
Right.
Now we've discussed them a million times before I loved DALTS.
DALTS was a cream oil.
It was a small chain but we'll make an exception for that.
It was a small chain.
DALTS, the ALT positive ES got it.
We got it.
Now I don't think DALTS has been gone all that long.
There's a lot of it.
There needs to be a DALTS up there on sunrise.
Where's that federal highway?
You know where sunrise turns around meets federal homie?
It usually went up there on like right by Houston's which is still there.
Thank God.
Did you ever eat at Houston's or did we just talk about it?
No, once.
You didn't like it?
No it was great.
What are you talking about?
Oh, Houston's is great.
But I mean I can't swing that.
No that's right.
Well you know something now that you've got all the freebies lined up at the melting pot.
And the guys are going to take care of you.
Good excellent.
That's good see?
Yeah.
You know who we can thank for that.
Nice going DUFF, the DUFF Meister.
All this stuff that's fallen through the cracks all these years.
Because we've had sales managers from hell back there.
But I've got the DUFF Meister on the case.
He's going to work hard out there because he's scrambling to make a living because they're trying to shove his ass out the door.
I just went to Houston's because that was a gift certificate job.
They're okay for Christmas.
Clarence gave you a gift for Christmas.
Okay.
Give me one too.
What do you give you?
A gift certificate to Best Buy.
And the Kissness.
Wow.
On the way.
He said, he said Kissness.
What's on?
Well Joe Bells from Kiss.
Right?
No, seriously.
He gave you and you went to Houston's and it's fine.
I ordered a rib by.
I've had way better in other places.
Much.
I think it's a little overrated.
Houston's is not a place where you get a stake.
Okay.
You are such a pruts man.
You need such help.
What are we supposed to order?
It's not a, you don't order a stake.
It's like you're going like to Denny's ordering a sirloin stake.
I just asked you what was I supposed to order.
They have phenomenal like soups and salads and burgers.
You mean salads?
That is one of the orders of a good stuff.
That's super salad.
No.
That's for starter.
That one.
They got all kinds of like burgers and burgers and stuff.
You right there.
What did you get?
Had stake.
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
It gets stake in Houston's for that.
It's not a different place as I think.
Yeah.
No, we're not.
No, we're not.
No, we're not.
You don't order a soup and a salad.
I thought it used to be a water and stake house.
Yeah.
I thought that was the...
Houston's is a stake house.
That's what I thought.
As far as I know.
In my life, I had a Houston's probably 20 times.
I never had a stake in Houston's.
It's just not the kind of place I would order a stake.
Okay.
You guys need some culinary direction.
Give us a tour.
Okay.
Well, maybe Tireslake with some more freebies.
Maybe.
The governments of the U.S. and Iran, part of President Bush's
access to evil and currently your enemy, demonstrated a very unity of cause this past week.
And Washington, back to the Iran initiative to deny U.N. access to advocates of sexual minorities rights.
Critics of the move announced that there's a show of bigotry.
This vote is an aggressive, asked, solved by the U.S. government.
On the rest of sexual minorities to be heard, it's got long direct to the Human Rights Watch program
for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender peoples.
It's astonishing the Bush administration would line itself with Sudan, China, Iran, and Zimbabwe
in a coalition of the homophobic law and said.
Rights advocates said the Bush administration's international posture matched its increasingly
strident and discriminatory band at home.
Sounds like Hitler to me, religiously and socially extreme as elements of the U.S. population,
and among Bush supporters to whom many punts attributed his 2004 re-election fix,
have been increasingly louder militant over the past year according to Human Rights Activists.
Wept up the hate-mongers, man. It's their compassionate hate.
You know what it is? Their compassionate conservative hate.
This is Neel Rogers.
A soap opera. Like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, it seems father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
No, no, no.
I am your father. I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promise you will still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misnade.
Very well. I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married...
Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square
and with the help of my friends and neighbors
I'll stone you today.
My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment
for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
That should only be grounded.
No, no.
The grounding is not what it is.
I have used stone.
It is the first step.
It focuses on a fundamentalist and Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
Actually back you are a little collection stone.
How do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square
where you will of course be stone today.
You'll be miserable.
You'll be followed by the lives of the fuck men.
They deal with the many problems that play good.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
You're my father.
Last night I used a little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stone two nights in a row.
You are one lucky boy.
The guiding she is.
The guiding she is on a location in Baghdad.
Bye bye bye.
