You see the final result it's closed now. It's all going well. I can see the final result though
go to QAM 10,543
The other guys 2012 we were a regular Mayor daily that's correct
7,531 boats that's class, you know, you know why and I can want to thank Joe Roser
Whoever dropped off that email from your friend Alan Brown yesterday because it was so obvious that they were
They were loading it up loading them thing up and the emailing and all whipped up to a frenzy and let's crush QAM
So I figured yeah, and I looked back at your friend Greg Cotex in the hero when he had written and
About the he chatted you up and remember this food he's going wrote there. Yeah, he says it ain't a scientific pool
All right, it's just for fun
We have built-in safeguards to the storage ballot stuffing
But if either station wants to lobby for votes on air or do whatever or do whatever they can so be it
So that was like an invitation obviously for those guys to like do the
VZ chain email and so yeah, we did whatever we can we rallied our troops and we got people out there and whipped them up to a frenzy and
knocking on doors and whatever
And also the individual races too. Let's see mad dog beat Joe by 137 votes
You were third La Bastard you beat him by a long shot and then the least favorite even beat you by mile
Which you usually get that distinction, but he had 599 you had 448 said the kid at 235 pretty a week for guys
We'll need to know near about 10 minutes and the big oh rock solid only 108 that's because he's out when people are still sleeping
But nevertheless so we sure kicked their ass. Okay, we crushed the ticket
Yeah, ripped it up. Thanks to you a million little pieces. So you're going off the Vegas now, huh?
Yes, I am well I lose too much
I have to do a tell was in show tonight and then Sunday morning. I do the pick from Caesars great temptation to gamble there on
Yeah, there is
Let me ask you is the beast not going to the Vegas no, I don't take it everywhere. I'm going to win here tonight
I've had enough of the beast fight four days in a fox. Oh, when you run to winters
I mean you're going to the strip clubs are you going over to the gamble? Yes?
Oh
I can just hear it now real of torture. I can hear it now my fingers gonna hurt the morning now bed
But it was we had a good week of shows here beast did a great job when I appreciate it
Yeah, as opposed to some hosts who didn't appreciate him so much. They didn't know what they had the beast is
The beast is a diamond you start again. Oh
You start now beast in the podium new years card. No
Oh
Him yeah, I guess it cannot be told to the world and we don't have to have clearance coming in giving people dirty looks
So that crashes across the street because somebody I want to go to the fire did it off a shot. I mean, huh guys are coconut
There you go all I can say is we took it to go. Yeah, well great job by you and Neil
Yeah, I think so I'm glad that you recognize it because the rest of the station is still oblivious
They don't even know there was a pole, you know, yeah, I don't even know what's going on
Yeah, we don't want it. We don't mind. That's okay. By the way, I also want to get something done do it yourself
I also want to thank Todd Keller for the updates this week because he's the only guy who wasn't mentioned
When Moe left the station. Yeah, and I'm glad Keller
Oh, hey, I got news for it. They were like at crossroads right there at the end man
They were like right there getting ready for the big duel. Big shoot out
Moosh is really good because where was the love don't you remember that you let day where is the love where is the love Todd?
Yeah, that was another one of his psychotic episodes. I don't think it was even the janitor
I think you probably had some episode with yeah talking about coconuts
At least he was consistent. I'll say that for the more mic's to everybody hated him
I'm sorry. I got you started. No, you know, don't be sorry. It just happens to be true
I made just the way it goes, you know the guy made his own bed and anybody that doesn't want to understand that is just a hard ass, you know
We invited him into our family with open arms and legs and he turned around and just started with a ginsu knives man's stabbing everywhere he could
Find a way D-phone nobody wants you. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Well listen have a great stay flight
Hey, you have a good day and I'll be up and early and I'll be Adam again wheel of toward
I mean they got all these other games that could perhaps should probably that money Carlo spend to win and all this other stuff
The beast can tell you man. It's a dicting. I think we should file a class action lawsuit against her riffing
Okay, it's patent vanna. He's got plenty of money that that spin symbol is a dicting you look at it's like
Hypnotize you am I right? Yeah, you're
Until I get a spin and leave a machine and even if you win and you want to put in if you play your credits out
I'm gonna put another 20 another 40 until I get a spin and then the spin of course is like 25
Okay, that's that's patent vanna for you by the way
Congratulations, they both just turned 95
You know there almost is over that show for about 40 years listen to me. They're almost as old as we are
She's 57 and he's 59
But wouldn't you like to have that kind of talent that you know? Yes, I like the hell and you get I like to have his talent in his money, okay? Yeah
Well, you're not doing so bad. I'm doing fine. I'm no complaints. By the way
I want to thank shy
Culp too
Maybe they're working very hard this week. We had a good week. This shows and well, thank God. Yeah, we need them
Yeah, you guys needed to counterbalance everything else. We don't wanna we don't wanna
What's his we got you got a rise of both that's right? I did rise above and as always when the push comes the show of yours truly
I you know I rallied up the troops. You saw the other guys were just laying down
We first you know what you know I had we had a last night
I had dinner with rich dowrymple who's a Dallas cowboy PR guy who used to work at Miami and we told sunny
Herch stories for about an hour and just laughing and you know, sunny was really such a great person
And so so yeah really a lot of laughs to be around. He had a lot of he had good humor. Yeah
Anyway, so I throw that out there. You like sunny. Yeah sunny how worked with sunny long before you did
Yeah, that's right sunny from the day I came to town and K8K. Yeah, right. All right
We have a great day was an understudy. Thanks for your major contributions
Doing the new time by the way Joe still dead. I'm sorry to say listen have a safe trip and see you on Monday
Talk to you. I'll talk to you Wednesday. I like I said I'll see bow on Monday. See you Wednesday. Okay. No lose too much
Hi, this is Red Deer Annie Moor eight Lanarkos mortgages the only mortgage company in South Florida the same location since 1982
Why would you deal with someone else one branch and ready to help serve you if you want a free cruise
Don't call them if you want it to rain on a sunny day
Don't call them if you don't want the pay closing cost don't call them if you want great
Be the with straight talk call them and Atlanta coast mortgage in day call 05 9 4 4 0 7 3 3
Or about a bomb each at 9 5 4 9 8 7 8 0 7 7 4 a Atlantic coast mortgage
If you miss the hammers coverage of Super Bowl 40 and Detroit's you miss the stock and joins us
Man has a back was a jerk to his teammates to fans
He's been a wise guy a home-grid set to us. He's just get them right there. You best
Give grandma and grandpa the gift of today's hottest music with senior Bob
I
Senior Bob teaches the greatest hits sung by the greatest generation
Senior Bob covers all your favorite artists like Ben Wippersnapper Eminem
Those tattooed Nancy boys blink 182 and those brazen young Hussies the pussy cat doll
Don't you
Senior Bob is not available in stores that the band from the nursing home drives to still call now
WQ I am hello
Q I am
Already heard what it sounds familiar it's like
I
Instinctly let's go to the video tape
Turning up a little bit come on we can't hear it
Hello, hello. Yeah, hi. I want to find out the over under wasn't on the over and under okay
My foot up your ass and you out the window. That's the over under
Get out of here
Well more on and that ties ready with our pool today, doesn't it?
Yeah, isn't it supposed to be a sports station aren't you supposed to give us information on the Super Bowl?
How could anybody care about anything else besides getting drunk and just you're passing out on the floor watching
What is there? I don't I don't know. I'm gonna watch the Super Bowl
I don't have any interest in either one of those two teams. How do you know what the Super Bowl?
I'm a good partner. Yeah, I'll show you how well. I know he doesn't but how do you watch the Super Bowl?
I'll probably watch it, but I just I don't know it all depends
Maybe I'll find something better to do like pick my nose or someone else
There you go
Oh
Man did we crush the other guys that we're gonna crush QA and I got news for Alan Brown
You dittled with the wrong guy. Let me just say to that right now, okay?
And thanks to whoever brought that Joe Rose's boyfriend whoever brought that email in yesterday because that's what sent me off
That's what made us determine that even without the help of some of the other
Wings we got on this radio station and we were gonna kick their bloody ass as well deserved okay
And like I said about fake facts from the chronic from Coco B. Chusin that garbage in yesterday who doesn't understand ratings at all
For them to be given else any kind of a lecture on ratings or success or anything or listeners when they got mostly
Oh over to history of their station they got like cheers
They got two bogus months in there with a few wired diaries when it was like you know minimal return of diaries and right away
Oh, we're kicking there. Yeah talk yourselves into it. Okay, Alan Brown and Joel Feinberg talk yourself into that big success
Even Joe Rose knows that that place blows
What's got Kevin I dream to a donut?
Joe Rose knows that the other joint blows and if weren't for Greg Reed line to him so much Joe would still be around
But by the way, Gildi I was into the first couple minutes to check it online making sure we were kicking the ranch and I heard a couple minutes of
Gildi. Oh Greg weed in the building like a real stepping nice to see Greg here. No, it's not go away Greg
Don't you get the message Greg go away? Go away, man. Just go away
Go sit at home and read the funny papers or have somebody read him to you
Wtq a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning to you. Where's the is?
Okay, thanks the over and under is a hundred and forty seven and
Don't bug us you check ass people's gambling on ball games
But we got to be some kind of a moron don't have to be a more
D'odol, D'odol, Ron. Don't count it Wtq Wtq a.m. Hello
Yes, sir
I just have me here. Oh, god, the smoke I thought I thought that people across the street were going ablaze there. Yeah, they're on
All right, they're flaming
Can I get two special inquiries here because I got an obnoxious neighbor? I want to crank my radio up and you can play that
Dirty bit like neighbor out around 12. Yeah
Yeah, and maybe the other one was the
Forget the one with a guy. Okay, forget the one. Okay. I'll probably forget that too by about 12
That's a long ways away from old man like me
Five say I want to take 40 million calls today because I feel you for it like you know we came through
Don't yeah, I've learned my lesson for sure this time. Don't look around to the other folks on this station
It'll like you know compete or you'll go out there and like do get out put our best feet forward or our best toe forward
We don't want to we don't want
Fine. Okay. I can handle it. We got this gigantic oozing audience most of which is a non sports nerd audience
We'll get to that we got that poll today and it's perfect for the super bowl weekend too. That's what inspired me about it
Because I just want because I have nothing but revulsion for sports nerds, you know
The hockey fan big Patriots fan other than that they can take all of it and jam it including baseball
But so it's not that and of course it used to be a big baseball fan too
So it's not that I've never been in this spectator sports, but I mean sports nerds
Which we have way too many of those around the QM building hopefully that'll be one thing Joe Bell will do is you like
Bringing it some kind of a you know those things where you go painting for gold where they call those things
No, you know what I mean they're called pans and you use them. No not pans. I'm talking about we're not
Any of the siv that no not that either where you go on the beach and you metal detector
Okay, you know those magic wand they are metal detectors. Yes, right
That's what we need
Bringing that wand to detect the sports nerds that the OJ Simpson liquor is in our building
Yeah, yeah, oh you're laughing. You know, it's true
You know I'm talking about the people are got OJ posters up on the wrong
You're so great. Can I please sniff your jockstrap OJ?
Can I sniff your old them out Bruno Molly shoes those ugly ass shoes?
You don't need a metal detector to find them in the building
You just wait for people to show up. Oh, you mean like Gary Sarner WQ. I am hello
Hey, how you doing?
I'll write it down. Yeah, you're right on the head the super bowl is boring
Yeah, usually is once in a while
Couple years ago is the hell of a game but nobody watched it because they're all with them about the Janet Jason or boobies
Yeah, closing see you
Dominic you
All right
I want to get start
Web sweat and views calm. I'm sure it's the last night and there's the show called the outdoors man
Have you heard of it? No
You guys go out with the woods drinking and then do all these different
Contents and as they're picked in their teams. I'm sitting there watching this for my wife as they pick the team
They you guys start hugging each other and then they make you know got excited the guy jumped on another one
Right this leg around them and they fought over the tent. I was looks at me. It's a cake. Pull it be born
I
Gets way in the air.com. They sell it
People thank you more on excellent check it out
I sat there with my child couldn't believe that these guys
Watched it and then want to actually sell TV to you guys
Those those are guys who shower a lot back at home believe me together the shower a lot together
Yeah, it's nothing worse than a guy who never takes a shower
Especially the people who go to woodbinding can smell them, but people are shower together guys
There's something really gay about that and those are generally the sports nerds, you know
Yeah, because Al was right about that before they put him in records island destroyed his life
Pretty sad 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQ am we got Curtis Stevenson at 2
Eddie Kaye for the mad dog from the Yanta Center at 4 o'clock and anticipation events
Trashing
Panther people with seven the panthers against the Atlanta trashes at 7 30 Latter top man around fire day are good
They're kicking ass and then after the hockey game. It's learning Martez and the Troy
After the game you ready for that
Nope and of course we got all the big Super Bowl festivities this weekend which
Man
Six o'clock look at the Sunday schedule 6 p.m. To 5 a.m. Is sporting news radio
Because the Super Bowl's on so basically we give up
We surrender
So as opposed to putting alternative programming on because we don't have any
So we're gonna go on from 6 o'clock in the evening till 5 in the morning on Sunday and just put the crap on because we know we'll have a
Oh sure
It'll be you know, it'll be about the time we get right down there with those other guys and have a zero share
Well scooter let me try to be in January 8th
2007 but that's a long ways away and of course you'll notice after the
Congressional elections this fall just conveniently see that yep, hey when you're shopping for shoes. You know
I like
Inside the shower store
Six I
I like a broken child
I used to wiggle down the reef before I sawつだけ
Iris opted to string up on her wing with a pair of loopoagl....
Blow me down tight, blow
Clay threats too wet and warm
G me really Imperial Street
Coot I Lorries got cell clock'd at XL
Dericks
I'm going to shoot that, then I'm going to start.
When April, October, October, October,
I'm going to play, I'm going to call the shower.
I'm going to play, I'm going to start.
I'm going to play, I'm going to call the shower.
I'm going to call the shower.
Q, but 1017 at 560 WQA, I'm happy Friday, February the 3rd.
So wait a minute, I'll say that for a minute.
Alan and Brown, and the final result.
They're closed it down, I guess they finally conceded.
Didn't you see like they were waving a white flag down the street?
Is that what they were waving?
Yes, they were waving a white flag.
So Barry Jack asked this morning, says, and I forgot to mention this with a Humper.
He had to rush out of there because he had the plane that catched the biggest to go plunge his vets out.
Barry Jack asked in the middle, and Jim Sarney has nothing to say this morning.
Three pages of nothing on the internet.
WQA and considering how do we place 2 to 4 p.m. host Howard David.
Yes, they asked Jim Madditz about his interest in working 2 to 6 p.m. instead of 4 to 3 p.m.
Though no offer was made.
I would consider anything, but I'm very happy with the job I have, Madditz said.
I, uh, left it at that.
We'll keep talking.
I'm not convinced it's their number one preference or my number one preference.
What if, what, you know what that means?
No. Well, why wouldn't it be the number one preference?
Of course it is.
Somebody better convince him a little more, uh, sternly, you know what I'm saying?
Drama clear.
More Howard David had said this, that he hasn't decided on his next career move.
Hasn't decided on his next movement, but when he decides to let it go, you'll smell it.
So there you go.
Nice going on.
He's getting paid a couple of months.
We're going away.
By the way, Zach Francis over there across the street because of him.
Who has the least self respect 1585 votes on the poll yesterday?
Colin Powell, 260.
The man with that vile.
I hate this poll 254, and I would agree with that.
It was a really sucky poll.
But we were, listen, we were, we were following Greg Cotex's instructions.
They were whipping up the troops and getting them all out there doing their thing, huh?
You were working on the precinct captains going and kick their ass, Alan Brown.
Kick your ass.
Paris Hilton 220, Courtney loved 213.
The Democrats, 193.
The QM sports staff.
We don't want to.
127.
You know how we got that sign on the wall that says just give us the F and money.
And the motto of the sale department.
Well, that's the motto now for the sports department.
We don't want to.
We don't want to.
Well, that's not right.
We don't want to imply that they know what they don't want to in the first place.
Well, no, it's an open ended deal.
They open in.
Like, no matter what it is, they don't want it.
There's no way.
We took up the, a cudgel form, whatever a cudgel is.
The QM sports staff 127.
Matt Fudge, he's got 93.
You're very.
Talk about no respect.
How do you look in the mirror when you shave it every morning, Matt?
Self-having queen.
Ryan Jeremy's 73.
By the way, Tom Cruise is still in the closet with John Travolta and with what's his name?
Nelly.
No, not Nelly.
It was Archery.
It was Archery.
Rhymes with Nelly.
That was great.
And then I watched the one with the Virgin Mary bleeding out of her ass.
Ryan Jeremy said, my favorite was when the Pope walked up.
Yeah, with the dark rings around his eye.
Yeah, that was a beautiful Pope.
Ryan Jeremy 73.
Jack Abramal 57.
Jose Conzucco 45.
And Ilya de Rosanna is still compelling from, oh Jose, this book was so bad.
But you're a nice Cuban boy.
And so we'll look the other way.
Yeah.
Yamama.
Robert Downey Jr. 29.
Alan T. Brown 21.
Vanteo, how do you like that?
Alan Brown from downtown, from Red Cross Street.
Ralph the Block and Downer Rover.
Grandma of Boone hangs it out.
That is a panic.
Okay, here's today's poll.
And again, it's an anticipation of the Super Bowl, which we're going to be hearing the ovars and under.
Is in your predictions of whatever else.
Not, I don't care.
Whatever you like.
Whatever you like.
We started a week and kind of a, well actually Tuesday we had a great time because that's when we started getting into this poll thing, you know, for fun and a little diversion.
And now, see, if we were working on a real radio station where people really had that kind of like Gungho spirit, that competitive, other than Miguel,
did anybody come in and you notice the beast was totally in chuckling, but I give the final results there with Hank.
See, they congratulated us on doing a big job there.
But you would think that the rest of the radio station would come in and say, man, what a job you have.
And that's incredible.
What a joke.
You know, I told you and you thought I was kidding.
You told me what?
That no one else is still aware that there was any pool.
There was is was ever anything going on.
Well, we were talking about it.
It's a question of the war in Iraq or that you're on the Earth.
A person like an elephant stepping on Gilbert's grave.
It's the game, baby.
Okay.
Well, there's the poll.
How much of a sports nerd are you, 588?
And you people, for example, it says, I'm a fan out of nerd, 191.
We don't believe you.
You like that.
We don't believe you.
I mean, I'm not saying that everybody who's a sports fan, like me, for example, or Josh, is a sports nerd,
but I think a lot of you aren't denial, right?
Like all these silly, these embarrassing people.
Oh, yeah, this one talks about that and this one's got all the right guests on.
And they, oh, please, give me a break.
Like I told you, because they got all these 24-7 like ESPN-12 and a 3 and a 3.
All this other crap to fill up.
So now every time somebody plays a game of any game, they play like Batchee Ball,
even those kids that were doing that backyard wrestling thing.
Yeah, they have a press conference when they're done, so they can show their injuries and well,
I'm going to be out for a couple of days, but I'll be back this Monday.
And yeah, oh, give me a break.
Dumb, dumb, jock, sitting in front of microphones.
And of course, we got a lot of that on this station.
Dumb, jock, sitting in front of microphones.
And of course, across the street.
How much of a sports nerd are you on?
A fan out of nerd, 191.
We got 588.
I think we got a shot of a thousand of them, don't you?
Yeah, we do.
We got a shot.
It's not a given.
It's not a dumb deal.
And this audience may be exhausted from all the work we've had him do this week.
Thanks, by the way, to everybody who voted four or five hundred times.
Thank you.
I have some interest, but not big time, 180.
Now that would be, indicate to me, like a normal person.
I think I voted for that.
I hate everybody, 53.
I just did it in there.
No, it would do very well in South Florida.
Yeah, because we also got, I hate this pool, but I hate everybody, even did better.
I hate everybody.
53.
I think I heard myself.
I hate this pool, 31.
I'm a total sports nerd, 31.
At least they're honest.
I hate spectator sports.
But third, man.
I love to shower with the guys 24.
I think I know every one of them.
I have no interest, 18.
That was George's, is that well?
He just don't, he's not interested.
Okay, that could have liked nobody.
Got nothing to do with me Sunday night.
He don't even know there.
It's like the rest of our station with that pool.
You're the same way.
You don't even know there's a game Sunday night.
That's right.
It's like they are with everything else in the world.
Who's playing in the Super Bowl, George?
Come on.
I don't know.
Come on.
I'm telling you, I don't know.
Think about it.
No.
You can't leave me.
Only for gambling purposes, 15.
And that hand punch voted for that.
Is there anything else besides sports, 10?
And I'm a Jackson for seven.
Oh, come on.
There's all came from inside our building.
Didn't they?
I met the water Nazi voted for that.
Oh, now age.
She just voted again, the 601.
Yeah, we'll get to a thousand today.
Okay, let me just, I don't want to like your oil on this.
We wasted a lot of time this week.
It was a lot of fun.
It was aggravating it times because the rest of our crew...
They didn't want it.
And that's okay.
That's all right.
Don't do anything a little bit different.
I'll throw you off your routine.
Now, that's why it cracks me up these people.
Oh, well, I know Rogers is so old and stale.
And he's been doing the same.
Sorry, act for a hundred year.
Yeah, right.
You want new and exciting, baby?
You want somebody that's right in the trenches there kicking some big bloody ass.
This is where you'll find it, as opposed to...
And yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Same old jazz, man.
Just like Liza Vanilla said.
Jazz, man.
It's the same old jazz, man.
Jazz, McKay.
Hey, buddy.
What do you used to say?
See a belly.
No, not he didn't say belly.
Just because he was big and fat.
Don't throw him into that.
Hi, a belly.
Into that category with that swill, that walking swill head.
So anyway, yesterday morning for anybody who was out of town or sleeping or, you know,
whatever you're doing, maybe found a life yesterday.
So Joe Rose, who's somebody across the street, dropped off a copy of an email
from Alan Brown, the vice president of communications,
to make a long story short, it was an email that everybody who's ever worked
over there at 790, the janitor, his girlfriend, his wife,
anybody who like ever went to elementary school and graduated or not.
And it's just got eight million names on here from Zach Cranston, Jonathan Zazlow,
and Mark Hockman and Kevin Rogers and Hockman, this came in Shrinek and Kurt Murphy and Jeremy Peltz
and Stugots John Wiener, all these people.
And Alan Brown's message to these people is he started his Daisy chain.
It's dated Tuesday at 1.23 pm.
This is after I put our station out to an 800 vote lead, very comfortable lead.
We were crushing them because we got our people to vote.
That's all, which wasn't their idea.
Greg Cotex, who's in bed with him over there, the whole Harold is in bed with him.
In fact, everybody who works there must take the Harold to bed at night.
You realize that?
I did not know.
Also ended the throne room.
They have to wipe their...
Correct them.
...with the sports page from the Harold.
Anyway, Alan Brown says Greg Cotex is doing a web pull on radio wars and song Radio Wars.
Sounds like Joey Reynolds all over again.
He is looking for your favorite and least favorite host.
Please vote and let's crush the QAM.
Here's the link.
And there's the link.
Slide Alan T. Brown Vice President Communications, sports talks 790 to the ticket with his phone number, his email, his shoe size, his...
Size, everything on it.
So after the break, I'll give you the final tabulation.
And let me say it again, Greg Cotex said...
It's just for fun.
It's not scientific.
He says we have built-in safeguards to discourage ballot stuffing.
But if either station wants to lobby for votes on air or do whatever they can, so be it.
And I noticed that it's closed.
The door is closed.
The pull is closed.
The door is closed.
Even the goofball comment lines are closed.
So I do like that.
And we kicked their jargons.
There ought to be a line of people at the door right now saying thank you guys for making it a school in the process.
We look like the cons of people.
No, when you agree?
No comment.
Let's get an objective comment from Josh Cortes there.
Wouldn't you agree that they ought to be kissing our ass that we are single-handedly did this?
Yeah, they should.
Yeah, they should.
And like George said, they don't even know what they were talking about.
They don't have a clue.
And then was my name other than on the comment line in like about 4.95% of those comments,
because it was just a peen contest.
My name was named on the pole.
The neo-Ragia show was purposely not mentioned under the guise that well, it's not a sports show.
Okay, whatever.
And still, we took...we grabbed the cudgel.
So we picked up the ball and we ran with it.
And those guys around the rest of the building are out.
But I mean, they're too worried about where their clearance can get through to the day without an emotional breakdown, you know?
But who's going to empty his bag?
This is neo-Ragia.
This is 5.62 a.m.
There's a song to reason it really is.
He's got something and it's pointed at me.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Oh, it's sad, that soldier's gut, it's sad, and he's the end, I might get shabby
Ho, ho, ho, ho!
Cout a strip, his like-or-zone, oh, we've got some sticks and some stonks
he's got no Snapcoos into those pockets
It's a little pebble from stones and you can either like, yeah, skip them off the water,
or even like, you're all mad.
And then we'll like, blow your crap away with music.
How's that?
That's fair.
It sounds kind of like what we did to the other guys in this poll.
Yeah.
So here's the final numbers, okay?
Your favorite sports talk host, Jim Mandice, 589, Joe Rose 462, the Humper 317, and coming
in holding up the rear as usual, Dan La Bastard, only 226.
That is embarrassing.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Please favorite, even more embarrassing, Dan La Bastard, 599.
How do you like that?
The Humper 448, said the kid, Rosenstein, France, whatever his name is, Berg 235, and the
big O, who is rock saw in a 108.
Then the final attagulation, the part that really counted, okay?
Your favorite station for sports.
WQA Am against.
Seven I need a ticket.
Okay, which one do you like the best?
QAM 10,543 votes.
Seven I need a ticket, 3,012, a very tight race right down to the end.
And then it got to be so embarrassing that they finally shut the whole thing down.
A difference of 7,531 votes.
Pretty tight, huh?
Yeah.
Even the Bush people couldn't have fixed that election.
So there you go, Alan Brown.
I'm delighted that you inspired us to get back in this and squarely.
I don't want to lie to guys on our station, you're a bunch of whims.
It's okay.
Now the clearance commander would say what?
Actually, really fantastic, huh?
Huh?
Did Joe Bell come running and they're saying boy, you guys really kicked their ass and
congratulations on a fabulous job.
Leave it to you guys.
Sorry I was looking for Murray.
Come on.
Anybody come in here and like even recognize the audiences fantastic efforts here?
Miguel.
No.
As you mentioned earlier.
No.
See, this is why we get depressed.
Now why do you allow me to do that?
I don't know why you get depressed.
Why do I expect that?
Why do I expect that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, at least Miguel was aware of that because Miguel listens to the radio.
Yeah.
WDQ-AM-Hell-Anne owns one.
Q-A-M-Hell-O.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
We hear your breathing.
We heard Garvin.
Yeah.
WDQ-AM-Hell, that was Alan Brown.
Q-A-M-Hell-O.
Hey, we know how you are.
Okay.
Hey, he's boxing.
I guess boxing is a sport.
That's the only thing I watch.
Yeah.
What about just a wooden sport watcher?
Kind of lame.
Yeah.
I'm literally a part-time fan.
All right.
That was a good answer.
There goes George Durant.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
John.
I'm a dad.
You know what?
I'm a dad.
I'm a dad.
So you've got kids.
ς.
Please派 you're next.
So how are you, Pensame?
Can I go back and see yourKA.
I'm here now.
Really?
Don't let the word get out.
Okay.
They'll come and drag your ass away.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Well, how do you like that?
There's a lady.
We got a lady.
There's something, man.
Now, I'm sure that they're lined up with their wave and a Tuesday.
Yeah, it comes up, huh?
Right.
Great job, guys.
10,000, 543 to 3,000.
And in newspapers, it's going to look like we are just, just, smear in them, guys.
It's the old smear and smear.
And no recognition.
No party, no banners, no balloons, party favors, no nothing, you know?
One of those things that, I don't even know if they still use those silly things.
Like a whistle.
You blow into it and that little thing goes spin them up and you ask.
Sure, I don't know.
What do they call it?
I don't know party whistles things.
Yeah, party whistles.
You blow it all.
And it like stands up on end.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Always makers, no, man.
Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
Let's go back.
They still don't know that a poll took place somewhere.
Oh, come on.
No, are you thinking, no, no, it's just, or it just don't wanna be the party.
People are in there.
No, or does anyone care what you're saying right now inside this building?
I see.
Dominic QYM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
That more monsters, new underbatos, underwater basket weaving classes really good.
I think you should know.
Okay, good.
Hmm.
It's just gonna task you if this guy's looking for a basket.
There's no question about that.
Dominic QYM, hello.
Yes, good morning.
I'd like to get on your fold today.
Yes.
Is this anything to do with movie theaters and disciplining your little guy?
Yeah, yeah, there we go with him again.
Disciplining your little guy.
How about disciplining your ass?
How's that pathetic, huh?
This guy's still there though.
That's good after all this time.
We're delighted that you're still listening.
Movie theaters.
Yeah.
Let's get that on there.
It's a favorite sport.
WQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
Neil, did you ever get the movie American Splendor?
No.
I recommend you.
Well, you haven't seen it yet, huh?
No.
It's a great, well, the Splendor's player that's had William's story.
Oh, great movie.
Paul Jim Adi is great in it.
I got another movie I wanted to recommend to you.
Okay.
A face in the crowd.
Didn't see it.
With Andy Griffith, it's about media.
Andy Griffith?
Oh, but wait, wait, wait.
It's very, applies to today with the media and how a rude can rise to a position of power
in the country.
There's nothing like, on you see in the TV show, is that a real rig?
He's a real mean F-O-B.
Actually, when I ever saw Andy Griffith and George W together, so it could be the same
gun.
Well, it could be, but this was like 19, six, with Walter Mathau and, wow.
Pamela Neill.
What's her name?
Patricia Neill.
Patricia Neill, Patricia Neill.
It's a great movie.
I know who it is.
A great movie.
I know my Neils.
It's a great movie.
What is it called?
A face in the crowd.
A face in the crowd in America.
It's Splendor.
I think he would love both of them.
Thanks, Paul.
Have a good weekend, Neil.
You too, Michael.
We love that, whatever it was.
560-705-60, 0.560, and they've arrived in Singular wireless line.
Alan Brown called in there, a couple calls back.
Don't take it personal now, Alan.
We understand that you're crushed.
That your ego has been wounded.
That you thought that we were just going to steam over a bunch of whims.
And for the most part, you would have.
But WDQAAM, hello.
Hey, George.
I'm bigger person.
Who am I thinking with here?
Who are you calling?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm used to getting to figure out George.
We don't have any intermediaries on the show.
So we don't go through that, silly-ass.
What are you calling for, Alan?
What's your name?
What's your shoe size?
We don't go through that crap.
Well, I was told it to the low rating patient that shaved it.
There was another dispute over the air.
Yeah.
But this time, there was OJ between the gas, Mike Francis.
I don't know if you guys know who that is.
But I'm having eight rods.
Eight rods, Mike Francis.
I said, all of them are near.
And OJ came out with the question of asking A-Rodd.
You know, does he get aggravated with?
You know what the question is?
When he's not having anything set on the field,
and he's like that, because you got holes.
Spore show, hope to never play the game, et cetera, that.
You know, criticize and then never play the game.
So, I just came out with the point that's a listen.
It's a sports talk show.
That's what we do.
And OJ just kept talking and participating,
talking over him, I yelled fast.
He walked out right on the air.
And everybody went off the,
said went after him, changed and after him.
Oh my God, we gotta take a break.
Right, so does it even come back on the air?
Obviously.
Thanks for the good news, Palli.
A lot of people keep walking out
and calling the audience on that crap.
That OJ McDuffie.
You see a broad candle, does he belong on the earth?
He makes any Martins sound like Walter Cronkite.
But other than that, when I was mildly amusing,
and of course George is an Aquaman now.
Mm-hmm.
Six hundred and fifty seven votes.
How much of a sports nerd are you?
I'm a fan, not a nerd, two-fourteen.
I have some interest, but not big time, two-oh-one.
I hate everybody, fifty-six, as in Q, fifty-six.
Have the party favors arrived yet?
I hate this pull, thirty-five, total nerd, thirty-five.
I hate spectator sports, thirty-three.
I love the shower with the guys, twenty-six.
I had no interest, twenty-one.
I don't wanna.
Only for gambling purposes, fifteen,
is there anything else other than sports?
Ten, I'm sure that clearance voted that.
I'm a Jacksonifer 8, and I only watch one sport, three.
And I have a feeling we know which one that is.
This is Neil Rogers.
So, this is 560 Q, A, S.
Night, on inside of the hind,
the true Hollywood celebrity,
he's a biography profile story.
He was the first British soldier killed in World War I.
He was John Parr.
This is a theme song to an 80s Brad Back movie.
What's this about World War I?
Sorry, we did a quick internet search,
and Wikipedia had a guy named John Parr down
as the first British soldier killed in World War I.
Great.
Anyway, we used up the budget before we noticed the mistake.
So, we got you someone to interview.
Who?
The oldest living relative of John Parr,
the first British soldier killed in World War I.
Hello, Sunny.
Everything all right then.
Oh, God.
Well, let's get on with it.
Oh, I remember young John Parr.
Yeah.
His song was a big hit
from the St. Elmo's Fire movie soundtrack.
Did he ever mention what it was like
meeting Emilio Estevese in Roblo?
Hey, cause in those days the butter was rationed.
Oh, man.
I imagine you have many stories about to meet more in Alice Sheezy.
Oh, now that's a tale to tell.
Really?
Have you seen me teeth?
I think I left them with a nice young lady.
Fear more.
How does, as you know, what is seen almost fire anyway?
Why it's a phosphorous and glow produced during a thunderstorm
when the air between the clouds and the ground
becomes electrically charged?
Everybody knows that you've busted?
John Parr.
After that one song, he did die in the pop charts.
So I guess that's close enough.
It's a big juicy shopping with like a show business tonight.
On inside the behind 1045.
A QIM.
So anyway, this story did you see about the deputies shoots airman
at the under mile hour trade?
Yeah, they were told that I'm a telephone 20 times.
About 20,000-tout raises.
This is one of the worst stories I have ever seen in my life
and they show into videotape.
Even one of the world can't believe it.
Yeah, well, the guy was a hoolie, so he had a comment.
Oh, I see.
A videotape released Tuesday shows a sheriff deputy shooting
an armed air force policeman who recently returned from a rack
as he appeared to obey an order to get up off the route.
Get up, get up, and he got up.
KTLATV broadcast and we've seen it 4,000 times in last 24 hours.
A 47 clip that said came from a chino resident who videotape
Sunday night shooting which followed a 100 mile hour car chase,
which by the way, he wasn't driving.
Senior airman Ilyov Karyon, 21, was listed in good condition
at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center in Colton.
He was shot three times.
And the chance ribs and leg his father-in-law Ernesto Paz told KTLAT.
I'm gonna let some shoot three times over that.
Yep.
Tony Orlando and dog.
State and federal investigators are reviewing the case.
Karyon was a passenger in a corps vet that crashed following a brief chase.
amateur photographer Jose Luis Valdes told the AP that he made the video
after the car crashed into the wall in front of his home.
KTLAT air taped the videotape early Tuesday then distributed later in the day.
The dark rainy picture shows Karyon lying on the ground next to the car.
Talking to a silhouetted officer who was pointing gun at him.
You know what kind of luggage he okay brings with him when he travels by the way?
Sensitly?
Karyon.
Karyon supports himself on one arm and his face is brightly lit by the officer's flashlight.
Karyon asserts on the officer he's unarmed he's in the military.
At one point a voice is heard saying several times.
Get up get up.
Karyon says I'm gonna get up as he rises at least four shots.
Our fire in the Karyon collapses crying out in pain.
Shots fired shots fired somebody shows.
That telephone interview conducted in the Spanish village that said after the shooting Karyon eyes to deputy.
Why didn't you shoot me if you told me to stand up?
The legend exchange could not be heard on the video.
The deputy whose name was not released was placed on paid administrative leave.
It routine procedure and officer involved shootings.
Karyon wasn't charged with a crime although the incident remained under investigation for it to share spokesman Robert Hano.
The driver of the Corvette identified by authorities as Luis Fernando Escobito 21 was arrested for investigation of felony evading.
Karyon and Escobito had left a party at the home of Karyon's parents to drive to a store said the airman's wife.
Mariela.
A woman who answered the telephone at the Montserrat home of Karyon's parents said they were headed to the hospital.
Nobody wanted to talk they were mom and Air Force spokesman Lieutenant Frank Hartnett.
I wonder if he's kind of Gabby Hartnett or Josh Hartnett.
Said Karyon is a security officer at Barstale Air Force Base in Shreveport, Louisiana.
Karyon, Karyon, joined the Air Force in January 2003.
Recently returned from a six month tour in a rack Hartnett said this is a guy that went over to Ariston's life where his country at least he was told he was being doing that.
He put his life on the line and he comes back to L.A. and bought a bane with four shots because I guess he didn't get a fast enough or because maybe he did get up.
Chino is about 40 miles east of Los Angeles.
Not the kind of pants you were to work.
Chino is everyday.
He was silly as fast facts.
That's that movie somebody just facing the crowd.
Okay.
Do I really want to read this or what?
It's just you know put it aside.
No, I don't want to do that.
I want to get to it right now or forget about it.
I noticed that whoever sent this magic marker there name out on top of what he said.
This is a regular factor by the way I can tell by what's his iodine on the top.
Remember the other day when it smelled like iodine and he turned up out of computer was frying.
I was not good.
Watch out for that worm by the way.
The worm is a turning.
We'll get to that later.
It's not doing anything but the worm is turning.
Now face in the crowd.
This is an Amazon dot com editorial review.
More timely than I perhaps the one is first released in 57.
Ilya Kazan's overheated political melodrama explores the dangerous manipulative power of pop culture.
It exposes the underside of capricorn populism and exemplified the optimistic table of grassroots pun tree meat John Doe.
In Kazan's accounts scripted by Bud Schulberg the common man pontificator Andy Griffith is no Gary Cooper style.
Oshox Paragon promoted to national famous a folksy TV item by radio producer Patricia Neil.
Griffith's Larry Lonesome road turns out to be a megalomaniac monocle rat bastard.
The film terms apocalyptic as roads exploits his power to sway the masses helping to relate a reactionary presidential candidate.
Oh a right way reactionary.
The parodies of television commercials and opinion polling were cutting edge in their day facing the crowd was the network of the Eisenhower era.
And there's some starling near documentary sequences shot in location Arkansas.
An extraordinary supporting cast that by Walter Mathau and Lee Rimmick helps keep the energy level high.
Even when satire turns shrill and unpersuasive in the final real there's interesting parallel and Tim Robbins snide pseudo documentary Bob Roberts.
Both these pictures have almost as much content for leanings in the audience.
Lemmings in the audiences for the manipulative monsters who heard them over the cliff.
Well I can understand that.
Alright people are sheep the masses are asses and sediments so on.
That's good. That's interesting.
Nothing wrong with Bob Robbins that was good.
Remember that in the end on by the way, Dany Darko he dies in the end.
Yeah that's what it hurts.
There's have been 87 votes on our pool.
Oh there you go there's that the whole deal about scooter liby.
Trial that next to January 7th 2007 seven long after the off your lessons those the midterms.
Because then you'll be safe then we find out the Carl Roe was into it up to his armpits and bush and chaining and all these other.
Corket Graham.
Duke cutting him.
Duke Duke.
How much of a sports nerd are you don't we have that better I just dream that we did that what they're cutting him.
Huh?
Do you have that we don't have it?
I'm going to play that I haven't played enough because we don't hear anything about anymore that you know what I say.
We keep hearing all of a sudden a baloney about the big bush come back is approval ratings only 39% now but the big comebacks come in and air right.
How much of a sports nerd are you I'm a fan out of nerd 224.
You bastards 696 vote.
I have some interest but not big time 214.
I hate everybody 62.
I'm a total nerd 37 most of those from inside our building and across the street.
I hate this pool 36.
I hate spectator sports 33.
I love the shower the guy is 28.
I have no interest 23 only for gambling purposes 15 is there anything else other than sports 10.
I'm a Jackson for eight and I only watch one sport six almost 700 vote already.
Take it and turn it right around now you know and when you think now you wouldn't think I'm sorry.
I just I continue being stupid.
I continue being stupid because parents keep taking you aside and having these heart to heart chats about you know Neil and about what are we doing wrong and why is he pissed off and hate me like poison and you explain it to him and they just continue being indifferently oblivious.
You know and it gives you a song to dance about an email that I haven't got a half of they seem to be having some email problems both in sending and receiving that station out.
The one email I sent they never got any other one I get the like two lines from it.
Even the government has governor's daughter can do better than two lines without even trial with her hands.
I have a hundred back.
That's sad.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 for rising in singular wireless lines the telegrams are coming in and congratulations nice going you guys at QM you stuck it to Alan downtown brown and also Joel Feinberg and his daddy's money over their
cross the street trying to put you guys down Alan Brown WQ a.m. Hello line one market down WQ a.m. Hello.
QM yeah okay ready leave watch sports avoid my wife and children.
That's a strip club before me.
He only wants his sports to avoid his family.
I'm not going to put that on there but I we understand I see there's something for you George start thinking about it a lot of sports.
That's what strip clubs are for.
Oh that's right WQ a.m. Halls on this game.
Oh no way yes.
Neil I always think that when you were talking about that movie the grow back mod then they should have probably named that one big.
I'll play some saddles.
Yeah.
You don't think so?
Yeah.
There's an old cocker that just wants a little pet on the head and you're making all kinds of sounds you know.
I was laughing.
No you were laughing at him you were like saying boy I helped that I was thinking pretty much the same thing.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
That guy's got his mind too much you know just just get away from that area you know start start moving on the other area.
That's it get away from that damn area WQ a.m. Hello.
Neil the morning.
Wait a second.
Good job single handily smoking 790 yesterday.
I smite in a man.
Smote him.
We smite him.
Hey Neil did you happen to read that piece on February 1st at Robert's time that put in the hair hold?
About I think I pointed on our website about one.
Yeah I didn't check the website avoiding the hard questions.
Yeah.
I didn't get put it on there I believe.
Josh could verify because he remembers each story in the middle.
You think you might put it on there I believe.
We put it on there.
Okay.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. What ever happened with Ariel Sharon huh?
Hey good question man.
Last time and he was reaching for a bagel with locks and cream cheese and sand.
I'm tired of the hair.
That's the last we heard man.
Exactly. Keep up the good work Neil.
Thanks.
And that is not amazing.
I mean most people don't think about it because they don't want to think about it because the meat he gets he whipped at about the coal miners one day.
And about some car crash the next day and then about this poor soldier that got shot for no reason out of NLA.
And of course the chicken, a rumba and a guy over there.
And we don't also don't hear anymore about the guy that disappeared off that cruise ship that they got everybody whipped up.
They after day MSNBC that was like a Solomon day that was the only topic.
But God why would we hear anymore about Ariel Sharon?
Now that Hamas is one of the elections overwhelmingly with the Palestinians.
I would really like that we're not going to do business with it.
We wanted those free democratic elections baby.
But until people thought it was wonderful it was a great democratic experience.
Nobody even suggested that it was fixed or anything like that was there's nothing worse than a fair rig fixed election.
And all of a sudden we don't like it.
It's kind of like our sports guys.
We don't want to.
Yeah but come on in and participate with us.
Let's work for peace.
We don't want to.
We don't like you guys.
You don't want to recognize Israel and of course all them get used to it and all in the right wingers.
They got to support Israel because Armageddon is coming in and believe you me if this are outstays in there won't be long.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 a.m.
This is the Neil Rogers.
This is your brain.
Who can take the toy?
Any questions?
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
for up count, in military contrast how cute you are my head
I pushed all my head in this world, my life is inability, I am than folded rope and emerging
you see I am folding rope and transmitting each set my fingers
Oh, no, I stepped on it at the end there.
Little rattlesnake.
Love at a clock at 5.60 W.Q. I'm happy Friday to you.
Oh, I'm printing out this. It's long, man.
It's a little from the Guardian.
I'm not going to read it though.
Just a little bit. Just a tease.
Tony Blair told President George Bush that he was silently behind you as plans to invade Iraq before he saw the advice
about the invasions legality and despite the absence of a second UN resolution,
according to a new account of the buildup to the more published today,
says the Guardian.
A member of a two-hour meeting between the two leaders at the White House on January 31st, 2003, nearly two months before the invasion,
reveals that Mr. Bush made it clear the US intended to invade whether or not there was a second UN resolution,
and even if UN inspectors found no evidence of a band Iraqi weapons programming.
How do you like that? Should I read that last sentence again?
Reveals that Mr. Bush made it clear that the US intended to invade whether or not there was a second UN resolution,
and even if UN inspectors found no evidence of a band Iraqi weapons program.
So I guess Dick Clark and up Dick Claruchard Clark and Paul Loneel, I guess they were all lying, huh?
Chief, the level matter strategy had to be arranged around the military planning the President told Mr. Blair,
the Prime Minister said to have raised no objection.
He's quoted as saying he was suddenly, we should have put him on that poll about no self-respect.
Tony Blair, absolutely.
He's quoted as saying he was solidly with the President ready to do whatever it took to disarm a Sodom.
The Disclosure has came in a new edition of Lawless World by Philip Sands, a Professor of International Law at University of London.
Professor Sands, who's in relation to Tommy Sands, who had a teenage crush on Capitol Records.
Professor Sands last year exposed it out here by foreign office lawyers about the legality of the invasion in Disclosure's,
which eventually forced the Prime Minister to publish the full legal advice given to him by Attorney General Lord Goldsmith.
The memo seen by Professor Sands reveals, Mr. Bush told Mr. Blair that the US was so worried about the failure to find hard evidence against Sodom,
that it thought of flying YouTuber Connoisseur Cramp planes with fighter cover overracked painted new end colors.
Mr. Bush added if Sodom fired on them, it would be a breach of UN resolutions.
You see that? They were trying to bait him.
Uh-huh.
Mr. Bush even expressed the hope that a defector would be extracted from Racken, given a public presentation about Sodom's WMD.
He's also said to refer Mr. Blair to a small possibility that Sodom would be assassinated.
Mr. Blair told US President that a second UN resolution would be an insurance policy providing international cover, including with the Arabs,
if anything went wrong with the military campaign, or if Sodom increased the stakes by burning oil wells, killing children, or felening internal divisions within Iraq.
And Mr. Bush told the Prime Minister that he thought it unlikely there would be an interesting warfare between the different religious and ethnic groups.
Oh, why would that happen?
Mr. Blair did not demeure, according to the book.
Oh, yeah. In other words, Mr. Blair just said, uh-huh, whatever you say, Georgie.
The revolution, the revelation and revolution that Mr. Blair had supported the US President's plans to go to war with the Rack,
even in the absence of a second UN resolution, contrasted with the assurances the Prime Minister gave Parliament shortly afterward.
On February 20, 2015, 2003, few weeks after his trip to Washington, Mr. Blair told the comments that the government was giving Sodom one further final chance to disarm voluntarily.
Liar, liar, liar, you're a top-hats on fire, you phony baloney, you quizzling, you cymbalda, Tony Blair, my ass.
5.6705.60, we got a lot of votes on that told today, man.
Scooter, let me try, we'll start January 8, 2007, mark it down.
That is unless Bush blows the whole world up before then.
7.23, how much of a sports nerd are you?
I'm a fan, not a nerd, 236, we believe him?
Nope.
I have some interest, but not big time, 2-2-2.
I hate everybody, 64, and we don't blame you.
I hate this pool, 38, total nerd, 38.
I hate spectator sports, 34.
I love the shower of the guys.
5.30, man.
When he had honest his crowded in Arizona, there's that closet with Tom Cruise and Arkelly in the John Revolta.
I have no interest, 25. Only for gambling purposes, 15.
It was kind of getting crowded if the Virgin Mary's show and that other one, too.
That's always a popular draw.
Loyal idiots.
Is there anything else besides sports 11?
I'm only watch one sports 10 and I'm a jock sniffer.
Rancid, 9 out of 732.
And I hear a facts creeping over right now.
Can't you hear it?
I hear it.
Can't you hear my heart beat?
It's a good one, so how is the advantage he's dead?
Now he's probably not a peer-noom.
Could he sing or?
Oh, and that music was okay, it was fun.
It was fun.
It was fun.
It was fun.
No milk today, remember that?
Here's one that says.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, right.
What a joke.
Talk about trying to rationalize desperately with their logo on it.
Dear Neil Rogers, everyone here at 790 would like to thank you for the four hours of pre-advertising.
Give our station every single day.
Keep up the great work, thanks.
The staff at sports talk, 790 to the ticket.
This is their response.
Yes, what?
We could put up 4,000 billboards, it still wouldn't help because when they heard the first time, it goes in the off position or AOP, any other position.
This is their rationalization.
This is one hell of a comeback, isn't it?
Yeah, well.
Thank you for the free promotion, yeah.
Your mama.
Okay, we have a senior looking at your wounds over there and probably looking at each other.
Stugots.
But these are a bunch of rejects.
These are mostly people that, except for Joe Rose, who got bounced out of our place.
And who couldn't get a job at a real station if they were like to pen out if they went and did a hold up, they couldn't get a job.
So that's fine, you know, Stugots.
I put Stugots in a Lenny Martez category only we like Lenny.
Speaking of radio, which is something they know nothing about.
Sirius Chalk, Paris hit the Howard Stern show now.
You're going to be very depressed when you hear this because I know you're going to get Howard Booster.
Oh, yeah, Booster.
Sirius satellite radio ink was liberated radio-chon-chalk Howard Stern from the federal decency standards that he had felt shackled him.
And it's fighting that freedom is just another word for 500 million bucks to lose.
Remember that song?
Freedom is just a little bit of a take of chair.
Since January 9th, when Stern debuted on Sirius,
pirated versions of the shows that they made available for free by a several online file sharing that was just hours after Stern signs off.
The New York based broadcast is signed to a five year contract in 2004.
Oh, God, just issued her all the time.
Oh, she is.
I know.
Now Sirius is in a word, furious. Sirius is furious.
We don't condone the steaming of Howard's show or any of the content are more than 125 channels.
Sirius spokesman, Patrick, brought me some.
We vigorously protect our intellectual property rights and we'll actively prosecute those who attempt to steal it.
If I can just backtrack, it's really interesting.
The other guys there down the street, they got together with Greg Cotex and they found the excuse not to pull my name in his poll.
Assuming that, oh, oh, oh, you know, he won't pay any attention to this and as a result, we'll ramrod over to him and make a look in the newspaper like we got an audience like we're kicking their ass.
Little did they know.
Anyway, it is not known how many Stern fans are sidesteping Sirius's 12.95-1 subscription fee by illegally downloading a show because most hardcore fans are easily listening to the show in their cars.
Presumably, many of them would subscribe rather than wait till they're in front of a computer screen.
And there's no question that Stern's been good for Sirius, which added 1.1 million subscribers in last quarter of 2005.
The company wishes behind industry leader XM Redneck satellite radio reports 3.3 million listeners and expects to reach 6 million by day into this year.
But, ever since Stern traded the terrestrial their ways for satellite fans of his frequent interviews with porn stars, it found wasted tune in the suffer claimed King of all media for free.
A few weeks ago when the first power radio stations began re-broadcasting Stern's show on Unclaimed Radio Frequencies in New York and Jersey, Sirius immediately notified the enforcement bureau of the FCC, the very body against which Stern is so frequently railed.
The FCC in 2004 cited Stern's show on third channel for repeated graphic and explicit sexual descriptions as we all well know, your mama.
Sirius also move quickly to crack down on websites that screened audio broadcast to the Stern show.
The broadcasters since he's in the system is protesting such blatant and willful infringements and threatening to sue unless the underground broadcasters went silent immediately as not sooner.
But, as each one shut down, it seemed like another one sprang up, one shuts down over here and another one pops up over there.
Like Zitz.
Stern referred request for an interview to Sirius on Wednesday, but he has raised a piracy issue on a show with a subtlety that's not as usual for take.
Walking a very fine line, Stern has praised the renegade spirit to drive some fans to refuse to pay for what they used to get for free and he's pleaded with folks just to pay 42 cents a day.
Please, just as the rock band metallic experience, when it first came out against the legal downloads of its music, Stern risks sparking a backlash.
After all, this is the man who built his in-year face persona around flogging federal regulators who he claimed were the enemies of creative expression.
It's kind of ironic that now that he and his people are going to the FCC, are you seeing him stand?
Oh yeah, I don't get that.
I thought he was anti the FCC. I thought he thought the FCC was like a pariah and on Mariah.
There are already signs that after this year, the Christians for so long, Stern better get ready to take it and say, Mr. Freedom of Speech himself, Mr. $500 million is ordered me to shut down my personal website that some people stumbled upon wrote the operator of Vyadi-adi-adi-adi-kwinder-rocky-mountain news.
The site made Stern sure available for free, but with a disclaimer that only Sirius Subscriber should use it.
VTSP, Los Carlos Firm, in California, that only monitors an online policy for the entertainment industry found digital audio files of every episode of Stern's Series show on every major file sharing network.
It's going to impact these serious rated subscribers market, said Mark Ischewaka, Ischewaka, VTSP, C. Executive. Why would you pay 13 bucks a month when you can get what you want from the Internet? For free.
Although no one can know the total number of Stern's Steelers, oh, Steelers, Super Bowl, Jericho Steelers. It is clear that Stern is the runaway hit among file sharers.
His shows are more popular than the TV show Gilmore Drills and just beyond Fox's The Simpsons, said Eric Garland, CEO of Big Champaign, an online media measurement firm in Los Angeles, they measure it.
The proliferation of sites offering Stern's shows for free is an unattended result of Sirius's consumer-friendly technology.
Home adapter kits designed so customers can plug their serious radio tuners in their home stereo systems can just as easily be connected to a pewter.
There, anyone with the right pieces of software can convert the show to a digital audio file that can be redistributed online.
Sirius warned investors about the threat of piracy in a recent filing with the SEC and noted that although it uses encryption to throw those who would try to listen to its broadcast without paying, those protections might not always prevent theft.
If such bootlegging became widespread, it could harm our business the company acknowledged.
But little authorized exposure might not be all bad for Stern, who's curly-haired mug recently graced to cover West Square and New York magazines.
Industry in Lissay people who hear Stern's show under computer might enjoy it so much to learn of subscribing without the illegal downloads it could be argued. Stern runs the risk of being out of earshot out of mind.
Oh, why? Where we hear that before?
My view is that the more exposure the better said Jeff Pollock CEO of Pollock Media Group, I find if I find content very compelling, I might say, wow, I sure want to be able to catch that every day.
But then again, Pollock said, but the laugh, I wasn't the one who signed the check.
The folks who do sign the checks and will do so for the foreseeable future aren't laughing.
Pirated broadcasts are a lousy way to listen to Howard Sirius' Riley said, the best way is through a serious subscription. Some long times Stern fans agree.
When it comes down to what if you're a true Howard fan, you want to support his endeavor said, poke Lee Aruv Irvine, a serious subscriber. If you want him around for five years, you'll pay the 13 bucks.
Here you go.
All right, let's add. You all whipped up into a frenzy about it?
Huh?
How did that poll come out?
By the way, thanks for all the cross-stake mentions on the comment line. I was supposed to be a 790 poll too.
Even the most of them were from inside our building.
56670560, what an Alan Brown man, very touchy touchy over there across the street, very nervous.
Oh, did you blew up in our face? Well, we better give him a little stilts of bag.
Right. Probably even that fast came from inside our building. It could be.
Probably that's what Clarence is doing right now. That was his project for today.
What do we got in that poll? We're going to get all of 750. We got a thousand beat with your hands tied behind your back.
Well, good. WQ I am. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Neil. Yes. How are you doing, buddy? All right, Pali.
I just want to say some first, what's the thing that caused you the 900 pound gorilla?
You're from the old 900 pound gorilla.
So what?
Yeah, Nandich calls you that the 90.
That's all I need. What was your comeback? I'm the one you alpha made of.
Of the 900 pound gorilla.
Okay. You're the best.
Hey, listen, have you ever heard that show Mike Boy on scare America?
Never heard of him.
Oh, because he does a show late at night and he does all right. You know, he's pretty good,
but they've been having some technical difficulties lately.
Really? Well, we wouldn't be able to relate to that.
Well, there's a word. They cut into a commercial break.
And then they have another commercial break over that.
And the part where they disappear from the air and they put on this music that they play.
And I don't even think they know what's going on.
It kind of sounds like when we hear the steering show around QAM, you know,
when we had to like, uh, when the music playing in the back and all the,
you know, that's the kind of sound like.
It comes to 10th of the old a few release.
We are the last ones to point fingers about that.
We might stick a finger to it here or there, but.
Okay. Listen, have a great day, Pali. Gotta go. Gotta run.
You got to run.
14 past 11. We got courtesy to any K for the mad dog it for from the bank Atlanta,
Kanta Center.
To give that big gold up for the Panther game.
We love the Panthers, that Jacques Afrag.
I'll Panther peep to a seven o'clock. The Panthers in the Atlanta trashers at 730.
Atlanta won kick ass team.
And let him art as an Troy after the game.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
All right, you got it.
Welcome.
Welcome.
You're fair.
Like a perfect cowboy.
There's a reason why Jacques doesn't cover the deer.
I'm a home on the rain just where you're fair.
Like a perfect cowboy.
What a good gamble, man.
He's just really great. Let's talk about the beast boys and Bruce Johnson and Yadi Yadi and Brian Wilson in this city beer.
Come on. Is what beer?
Those were the days. Those were really the days.
Weren't they?
What else you know about it?
You were like a child.
That's right.
I still like the way you remember about the beach boys and the beetles and edge of the farm.
I'm not up, which is more than most people might have.
Well, that's true.
Like your partner and crime over there across the desk, be sure and catch him up.
He's, you know, little by little.
They very, very tiny baby steps, little teeny tiny baby steps.
He wouldn't even know who to hell Bruce Johnson is.
Anything I used to be quarterback for the abucks?
The what?
It was a quarterback for the bucks when they went to the other one, the stupid bull.
Brad.
Brad, you're allowed to say the same thing.
B. Johnson, man. B. Johnson.
That's right.
That's what they say over there across the street.
We be Johnson.
769 votes.
See, I was thinking of myself during the break.
You know that long email I sent to you, then if it evidently didn't go through or at least they got lost somewhere in the ethercare.
I think I got there to our general manager.
Maybe got belts.
Oh, yeah.
Whatever I said in there, multiple times two.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560, leave right?
In other words, you know, I mean the crossover with Hank is fun.
See whether people like Hank or not.
At least there's some fun involved in the beast is yucking it up.
And we're having a little bit of fun.
But the sports element of it, it's not fun.
It's painful, man.
You want to like grind your teeth from it.
Talk about a bunch of hard ass people.
People take themselves too serious.
Good God.
And that story in very Jackass this morning, I find that extremely, just astonishing.
Here it is.
It's the 3rd of February.
Is next week going to be like the 3rd week of this two to four revolving doors?
Is that going to be it?
Because I see the schedule already.
3rd week, right?
Or is it fourth?
Whatever it is.
Should have marked it on the camera.
Yeah.
And they're just getting around to talking a man talking about doing it.
In other words, we still don't know what we're doing in there.
What's the one word I'm always telling you about radio and television broadcasting in January?
You know what people like?
It's like the thing with Dan Rather.
I watch CBS News for 100 years.
Walter Cronkite, Dan Rather, then a minute that they put on the Oki-Doki-Bombsheeper.
I watched it one night and I turned it back on again.
Consistency, that's the word.
Write it on your elbow.
Okay.
Write it down on your arm all the way down your armpits, your waist.
Consistency.
I'll write it in permanent pen.
Get it.
Good.
Get that magic marker and make it darker.
I got one that I consider.
Good.
Darker than Dave Parker.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line consistency.
And of course we are consistent and consistent because we didn't think of it out yet.
Well, we got some confused people.
WQAAM, hello.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Would you think of a shot stat of your game last night?
Yeah, okay.
All right.
Good, sir.
WQAAM, hello.
Hi, Jeff.
WQAAM, hello.
I am the magician.
Would you like to see my magic wand?
560560, what I must have been senior wenches.
Look at that phone, man.
Dead as a door now.
Just absolutely motionless.
Former NFL star Larry Zonko, host of cable television outdoor show, Pleaded guilty Wednesday,
to illegal filming on national four slides.
Not even Josh knows Larry Zonko.
You know Zonko.
You're kidding, yeah.
Now what's the show you get Zonko?
Was that the, let's make a deal?
Sorry.
Money Hall?
You got me.
I'm asking you, we're going to expect you to know that good Canadian boy, Money Hall.
Good Jewish Canadian boy with business.
Plenty of deals since the, but you got Zonko.
Then you get a Zonko.
I don't know.
Is that what happened when you like got the movie prize?
Yeah, the movie prize you got Zonko.
Why, why, why, why.
That's it.
Like they played for me at the Amacarina that one time in a hot city.
I was bitching out for crying.
That's it.
That's what they played.
They put my purse in from the crowd on the screen and they played exactly that.
And there's that guys always crying and bowing and about to end the Christmas, the Panthers
Stonk and they still do.
As part of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors, Zonko pleaded guilty to knowing we conducting
work activity in national force without obtaining a special use permit.
Come on, Zonk.
Not another one of these ex-dolphin guys.
Well, you know, at least you didn't kill anybody.
Zonko agreed to pay $3800 in restitution for filming about 10 shows on U.S.
Forest Service Land, said U.S. Attorney Jim Geek.
As a sensing April 19, Geek said prosecutors will request a sentence of probation for one
year and a $5,000 fine Zonko couldn't be reached for comment.
Zonko's host of Napa's North-Wylaska with Johnny Horton, I bet's on there too, and probably
Tim Horton.
Bill is a show on fishing hunting history and customs that explores a new area of Alaska
and maybe even Nathan Horton from the Panthers.
We love the Panthers, they're kicking ass, don't we?
The show appears on the outdoor life network.
Oh, the outdoor life network's speaking of hockey.
See that great tie in there?
There's the John Davidson on there with Doc Emmer.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Gifts paid by the syllable to John Davidson.
According to the U.S. Attorney's Office, Zonko admitted that his production company Zonko
Productions, say I told ya.
In August 2002, filmed an episode of what was then called,
Stills North to Alaska, along the Blind River area on Mid-Coff Island, the Tongaas National
They knew.
Yes, sir.
Have you ever seen Nathan Horton and Chen Morarera, the girl who does the traffic on Channel
set in the morning, said, stand by each other?
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
Same person.
That's very aluminum.
Seedless.
Seedless.
That's the blood.
You came all neighbor over here.
Yeah.
None at all.
They live in their homes during the bus drive, they have the problems that parking
Giant assisted by a old truck that far from downtown.
Can I help you put us forward at the back-hand side?
Mosquito,ına-cl吃 out
I'm a real caller man.
You're real amateur caller?
Okay, what do you got?
Where was the final score man?
I just told men of the QAM gorillas against a Waxi duck.
WQA and 10,543, the ticket, 3,012.
We only beat him by the time we...
We got the crack a couple of times and they'll be missing
into the show.
Okay, send him some crackers.
Probably you're eating crackers right now.
What do you got for full Monday?
You're going to have like John DeBaker bringing pizza and
milk kinds of Italian good stuff, right?
That's right.
And you're melting potters, wait, boy, I'm going to tell you
what alive.
See, that's why Josh wants to continue on the show even
for free, which is by the way one of the worst.
That and especially slacken all of our face I can't even
begin to tell you that.
But don't bother me, clearance.
I don't want to talk to you.
But anyway, because all the free meals, just the free food
alone is worth thousands of dollars.
That's about to be in that check that comes every three
months, yeah.
Right.
Well, you could still do the website.
I mean, even the worst food at all.
We don't want to lose you on the show, but I mean,
worth comes to work.
You're not going to get screwed over on that.
They don't even have to know about that.
It's okay.
That has nothing to do what you're doing there now because
you're working for free.
And of course, even before if they make you new to you,
you were still basically when you're working for free.
Yeah.
That's the beastly effing way, man.
The little people, the people that work their asses off,
the people that are the nuts and bolts, baby, the people
that put all the pieces of the puzzle together, those people
get screwed big time.
And then those old fat Jews, man, they get all the money.
They get those big, big fat checks.
And once in a while, even on time.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.
A.S.
Friday, you bastard.
If you're a mighty big star who's known for crashing cars
and snorting stuff up, you're known.
Yeah, there we are.
You've got a needing disorder and you're punched a reforter
and there's a picture of you with no clothes.
Well, you're wanted by the cops and your last movie clock
and why did you color your hair before the proper
I think it's you got to get your picture on the cover of
vanity there.
Vanity, you want to get your picture on the cover?
They blame it on your stage, mother, you'll pay.
Gonna do some damage control on the cover of vanity fairs.
They're the organ that we have on the cover of vanity fairs.
Oh, look at that.
The NASA and the Spectra General Center investigation.
Now another crook.
Now another thief's.
Yeah, your money.
Thank you.
Speaking of flushing your money down the toilet like it came out
of a citizen somewhere like it came out of a fair faucet.
The White House said yesterday it plans to ask Congress for an
additional $70 billion to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Driving the cost of military operations in the two countries
to $120 billion this year, the Iraq war, the headline on this,
is costing $100,000 a minute and you folks are putting the bill for it.
So even if you don't care, like obviously most Americans don't care about all the
innocent people dying on both sides, all the sides,
$100,000 a minute.
Even Josh, he may commend much, even in his new deal.
Maybe soon.
The additional spending along with other war funding, the Bush administration,
will seek separately in his regular budget next week,
would push the price tag for combat and nation building since 9-11,
and nearly a half a trillion dollars.
Currently, the Defense Department says it is spending about $4,500
a month on the war in Iraq, about $100,000 per minute.
Current spending in Afghanistan is about $800,000 a million a month,
or about $18,000 a minute.
So $118,000 a minute, if we got our sawme yet,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Else, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
No.
How about the ala Zarqawi?
We got him in?
No.
We got al Goldstein.
Somebody ought to make a billboard.
They got al Goldstein, but they can't get al Qaeda.
And all the other al's.
That's true.
They butcher his life up because he was a pornography slut
and a government knocker in the total like it was.
And fat.
But then anybody else who is the mortal enemy, well,
we had so much hard work, hard work.
They blew it, baby, right there at Torah Borah.
There's song that goes like that Torah Borah.
How's that song going?
Is that like Torah Borah?
Yeah, Laura.
Like you hear that to the tune of a Laura, Laura, Torah Borah.
Here you go, Brian.
And clean up your act, by the way, okay?
I'm getting tired of clearance, having a nervous sniff
because you keep putting all this vulgarity on these bits.
That's wrong with her.
I've done told him.
See, I think what happened is just like I did,
he got the green light there, but he never got the red light back again.
Remember, I had the green light for two days,
and then, oh, OG, Joyce said, you know, that.
That's probably whether or not like talking to me anymore, respawn it.
They're just ignoring totally.
What?
Exactly.
No, you're right.
Well, let's lay it right out there on the table right now, market down.
February 3rd, 2006.
We are a means to an end for this radio station.
We have nothing to do with this show.
No.
They're more than likely to take those numbers and take the revenue that comes not just here,
but all through the day because of them.
They're ecstatic about that.
But as far as the rest of us were all a pain in the ass, especially me,
and they don't want them to do it.
Other than saying, well, Joyce said you can't do this.
Other than that.
So please, please, don't even put on an act.
They don't even say that you're doing an act of a jowl, Brownie, huh?
Don't even say that.
Like, with that, the pool result.
No, no, seriously, we made them look like trained, untrained monkeys across the street.
And the ironic part of it is I couldn't give it in spite of what they think.
I couldn't give a crap less about that station.
I don't never listen to it.
I don't care about it.
Our competition isn't that station.
I keep trying to explain that to the sports nerds inside our building.
Our competition is IOD and I-N-Z, Skara America, Al Franken, and Cancer and Iamper.
That's our competition because we do a talk show, not a sports show.
So what's all the week care about those people?
I don't know.
But if you have just a little teeny tiny bit of pride in where you work and believe me,
it's not easy.
Just a little bit.
You want to squash the other guys no matter what the format is.
What else all about?
It's like when I went on W-I-N-Z and W-S-N-Z was there with that contrived Jerry Helpman Channel
Tenna showed that funny thing with white lottery deal back when he had the mustache.
And they got the audience stacked there with all the W-S-N-Z people,
Luke Cron and John Leved and Tom Don't like us with his silly black leather jacket and all that crowd of losers.
And then the next book comes out and we just crushed their ass.
You know what the Tom Don't like us at a three point?
We had a seven on I-N-Z with a nighttime cigarette.
I wouldn't wish on Stalin, Hitler and Mao Zitong together.
Mao Zitong.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?
No, but I like it.
It's all true.
It's all true.
It's always been the same thing, man.
Go, girl.
I'm not into people kissing your ass and not looking for that.
But just at least a little recognition that we accomplished something here for everybody.
For the team.
We took one for the team, baby.
And they took one across the street for the team right up the...
Correct.
That's right.
Right up the old shoot.
In fact, that's probably what they were saying when they saw those pull results.
Ah, shoot.
And it's closed by the way now.
You can't deal with it.
You can't send any more daisy-chain emails.
You're done.
You're done, Alan T. downtown, silly ass, brown, done.
And you know as well as I do that without this email.
I wouldn't have been paid any more.
I was even looking at it.
Right.
I didn't care about it no more.
Well, I'm sorry I said it to you.
No, you're not.
You're not kidding.
I know.
That would give us something to do for a day.
Give us a hell of an exciting man.
They're excited.
All over, all over they're doing it north America.
I could feel the tremors in the globe all the way here.
Like the aftershocks of this tremendous wampin' that we give them.
Wampin'.
And they're like in a cinema like, oh, and thanks for all the fee.
You know what?
Garnish, tough and baby.
Garnish, tough and Joel Feinberg, he'll understand that.
In fact, that's probably what he's saying.
And by the way, for the chronic and cocoa beach,
I recognize your printing letter.
I mean, we've only had 40,000 facts from the same misfit
who ultimately be between kissing our ass and then ripping us in it.
It can't make up its mind, whatever it is.
It's like you're fooling somebody with his rosin and rosin.
See, I got such a photographic memory.
Even I remember that.
Of course, having relatives name rosin don't help.
Don't hurt.
We're a lot of money.
Judge sets trial for Libby in CIA leak.
Also, I had an ant Libby too on my fondest side.
Crazy bitch went off the Israel.
Oh, you've been.
See how it all ties in together?
I don't know.
I have anybody.
I live in Libby.
That's the town of Montana.
Libby.
And I had a girlfriend named Libby while I was there.
Really?
Well, what kind of people are named Libby?
It's Elizabeth, right?
It's short for Elizabeth.
No, that's Lizzie.
But she was from another town.
She didn't live in Libby.
But she visited.
No, but Libby is not short for Elizabeth, is it?
In the case of the Libby that I was there.
And I used to do this.
How come some people called Betty?
What does Betty have to do with Elizabeth?
Elizabeth Beth.
Beth Betty.
I see, boy.
Oh, Beth?
What ever happened to Beth on passes, by the way?
She took off with Marty and made see her no more.
And how come Alistair still hanging around on video anyway?
You're not watching now?
Huh?
You don't even know who Luis Lopez Fitzgerald was today.
We got that call.
That was a great one.
Too bad.
A federal judge on Friday said former White House aide,
I. Lewis Scooter, Libby's trial day,
then they see I.E. Lee case for January 2007.
Two months after the midterm congressional election reports
they've lost in a globe.
A trial for Libby who faces perjury and obstructing justice charges
will begin with jury selection January 8th.
Said U.S. District Judge Reggie B. Walton.
Reggie B. The judge.
The judge said he hoped to start the trial in September.
One of Libby's lawyers had a scheduling conflict that made that impractical.
And I'm sure that that was just an accident.
Don't you?
That they had to postpone until two months after the midterm elections.
So that all this stuff that's going to come out won't blow up in their face
and no Republican is going to be elected.
Walton said he doesn't like to have a case linger while he's sniffing his finger,
but had no choice because Libby attorney Ted Wells will be tied up for ten weeks on another case.
Libby former chief of the staffs of vice president Dick Cheney.
I wonder if he's can do a Chris Wells.
Libby former A.E. chief of staffs of vice president Dick Cheney was in dead lay well.
We know that.
Wells said Libby's defense team was very happy with the trial day.
Now bet they are.
It'll permit us the time we need to perform this to the Libby defense make up a lot of stories.
Special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald did not oppose the date during the hearing
is team let the courthouse without comment.
How do you like that?
Libby 55 spoke only once during the hearing when Walton asked if he understood
there's lawyers that waived his right to a speedy trial because of the cases complexity.
Libby surrounded by six lawyers at the defense tables that up and said,
yes sir, and that was it.
And wait, he was.
So that's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Town 5, 60 on the president's singular wireless thumb.
We got all we got up.
I think you're going to be surprised when the door opens and it's going to come in.
Yeah, there's going to be a big band.
Remember the scene in the godfather in Vegas?
Yeah.
We're afraid of opens the door and there's all the dancers in there and there's all the food
and all the entertainment in the band.
And Michael says who he's going to.
You're going to.
Pretty sure.
That's for you to file Mikey.
Get rid of him.
Yeah, you're right, too.
I would be very surprised.
Oh, yeah, you're going to see.
Tick your tape parade for this show for what we did in that pool.
For just stopping in the beaten and pounding us.
Tick her tape parade.
8008 votes on our poll on neorardjews.com.
If I wait, Josh Cortis wants you to read those bedtime stories or else.
That's right.
He works feverishly.
In fact, somebody's he's got him on it before noon.
And he's working his ass off to get those on there.
And especially days when we send him way too many, which in his case, he thinks like more than five is too many.
But you know, because it cuts into his sack time.
You know, I'll hop it around in the sack.
Sometimes with somebody, sometimes not.
808 votes on the pool.
How much of a sports nerd are you?
I'm a fan not a nerd, 258.
Yeah, right, right.
And your mom is Betty Washington, too.
I have some interest.
You know, Betty Washington.
That's the first president Bush's wife.
Oh, Barbara Betty.
I have a bet.
I have some interest, but not big time, too, for it.
In other words, like, no, watch the Super Bowl.
But you know, that's it.
Just in case there's more naked boobies.
I hate everybody 71.
And that's Alan Brown probably voted several times.
He's mad at the world.
Too bad, Alan.
He's suck.
I hate this pool 42.
I'm a total sports nerd 42.
I hate spectators for 35.
I have no interest 34.
That's what George says, which is very for you.
That's pretty mild, you know.
That is mild.
But you're going to say I hate spectators.
Dole.
It just doesn't know.
It just doesn't come from sound.
Somebody cook broccoli.
Have a good time.
You know, want to be involved.
You know, go on a shelf and have a look to you.
Have a nice time.
I love to shower with the guys 34.
Depends on who the guys are, I would assume.
Only for gambling purposes 18.
I only watch one sport 16.
Where he Martin voted on that.
Is there anything else other than sports?
11. We didn't put out that.
I'm assuming they know what that means.
And I'm a Jacksonifer, so I meant they knew everything.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 62.8.
From the producers of ABC's Sci-Fi Trimmer Invasion,
comes a show about even scarier, more diabolical, Jared.
The government has denied their existence for years.
But they're here among us in your town,
even in your own home, just waiting for you.
Jumping up the phone.
George Wistars has the listener in Invasion of privacy.
Hello, this is Gus Comar, sweetheart.
What does being their quest get in that and their problem with your product and their service, please?
Yes, he might computer just crash.
You know what I'm doing.
Did you hear that?
Yes, I am doing it.
It is with me.
Is someone else there on the line?
No.
What? Who is this?
Yes, I go.
I'm going to know.
Don't worry there, Steve.
It's just me, your president.
Go ahead. Don't mind me.
Mr. President?
What's going on?
And how did you know my name?
Oh, I know a lot about you.
I like your nickname, his Bubba, and your order.
He said, have a Friday night.
What?
Let's see here.
Looks like he missed a few.
I was on that student loan, there, Bubba.
You can't do this.
You can't do this.
I can't, there, Bubba.
I am myself, you're doing right, his indignation.
Watches there are hygiene, but tell of new dentists.
But this is what you're being in private, Gus.
A private overseas call, there, a boot of art.
I am not that booted, sir.
I am Hindu.
I don't care if you're shampoo.
Don't mess with Texas, son.
Because I got a predator drone.
Circling 38-51, Calcutta Court right now.
So watch it, buddy.
Invasive of privacy, tonight at Bridge Range,
we'll be civil rights station on ABC.
14-11, who am here's another mysterious fact.
Only this one, I guess, supposed to get us really all whipped up to a friend.
We only know what it's all about, huh?
Exactly.
Oh, you're eating again?
What is that?
It's how he's, and let's say, um,
what the hell is this that I keep ordering, Josh?
That's a Malibu chicken challenge.
Yes, that's right.
Oh, man.
That's what I ordered without the mayonnaise and mustard to boil it.
Anyway, here's the fact that the return number on it is a, uh,
it says payroll department.
So it's obvious that some business, although it's very familiar to me,
both the header and the scribbling on here.
Attention, Neil, since you don't have the balls to read about it on the year,
I'll send it to your friends if they hold on the ticket.
And the judge has got a big question mark on it,
because we don't have any of the words they're talking about.
How do you know I don't have the balls to read it on the year when we don't know what it is?
Damn, damn, damn, damn.
Oh, man, more of this stuff.
I'm just, I don't think I'll ever be the same.
Just fact it along, and we'll see whether we read it on here or not,
schmuck, 5.670560,
Tom 560, and he verized in the singular wireless line.
Probably something about the beastlies and those ghosts.
Yeah, make sure you that you identify it somehow,
because we get news stories all the time, as you know,
stuff that we don't, you know, that we don't have.
You never know.
You get something that you didn't send me today.
I just checked through the, uh, the pile here,
and there's nothing that's anything.
So before you go Russian,
that would all this hysteria, Alan, or whoever it is across the street,
uh, that we don't read it on here.
Might not try sending it to his first,
then we probably still won't read it.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
I have no life.
Yeah, okay.
Bulletin.
5.670560,
Tom 560, and he verized in singular wireless line.
That thing needs to be put out of its misery, you know.
It needs to be put out of our misery.
Oh, yeah.
Just one.
Well, placed, which I'm sure you have very good aim.
I do.
There'll be a knock on your door about 6.30 at night, Jackass.
Tom 560, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a new picture for the put up next to, uh, the one with Ron's tour, then.
So, uh, yeah.
The one, uh, Cindy Sheen, and then Javit.
Yeah.
Pretty good.
Yeah.
And.
Tom, just letting you know.
Okay, great.
We don't have the balls to put it up there though.
5.670560, Tom 560.
Boy, these people have lost it.
They have come unglued today.
No question about that.
Well, they're not a pressure for that super boy.
You know, they got all the big bets.
They have the house mortgage.
All whipped up to a friend's about it because somebody told them they ought to be.
Now, George, you know, he doesn't care.
He refuses to care.
He's adamant.
I don't think he's going to watch it anyway.
I just don't think I'm going to watch it.
Okay.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
What's up?
I'll be sure I don't get high today.
Hey, I think you need a new look, Males, that you got competition.
Yeah.
You go on beard like Woffersberger, get good teeth, 5560 and diamonds.
You roll them, and you're like, my car, my car.
For sure.
You got his finger stuck in it right there with the SN.
Right, Bob.
I'll be call.
That was special.
Good work, Pally.
He's getting a hate start.
He's having his own tailgate party all by himself.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Go on, man.
Turn it up a little more, Pally.
We can hardly hear.
We're getting a leave there.
What is it?
Go on, man.
What is it?
Who am I?
Who am I?
Okay, that's Admiral Stockdale calling from the other side.
He's just waiting to tell me we got ready for his ass.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
K-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm only.
Well, I'll tell you, like I said, around Iran.
Okay, man attacks with hatchet and gun and Massachusetts gay bar.
You see this story?
You see what this guy looked like?
No.
He probably was pure because nobody would pick him up.
An 18-year-old man opened fire in Massachusetts gay bar and attacked patrons with a hatchet.
Who owned three people, Pally said yesterday.
Didn't see this?
No.
The attack at Tuzzles Lounge in New Bedford, Mass, a city about 58 miles south of Boston, took place
in the city.
I mean, there was a news story sent earlier.
It's this one about Canadians' massive seal hunt.
And I threw it in the garbage because who gives a flying craft?
So they can go ahead and send it to the herald.
Canadians' massive seal hunt?
Apparently the Canadians are hunting seals.
So cares.
Not me.
I'm here boring crap.
What the hell do we care about?
Since you don't have the balls on the balls, cause the Canadians don't really know the name.
He's going to send that to the ticket.
Well, I'm sure that the ticket to the herald.
No, he said the herald and the ticket.
Yeah.
And then the ticket, they're going to attack all the Canadians.
Isn't this?
Isn't this?
In other words, I don't want to talk about what he wants me to talk about.
Right.
Therefore, he's going to go ahead and have a good time.
They're going to be hurting seals.
They're going to give them the same great treatment that we gave you.
Okay?
Shine.
The old Shine routine.
You need to stop right now.
Here is Johnny.
Police said the man entered the bar ordered a drink, asked the bartender if he was in a gay bar.
See, our nearly wouldn't have to ask that question.
You'd look around and kind of see, you know, a kid to lay at the land.
But maybe he's a little slow.
He sure looks at.
When told that it was a gay bar, he reached into his coat, pulled out a hatchet, and attacked the man next to him.
And a pool pager.
As patrons attempted to restrain him, he drew a gun and fired several shots, wounding two people.
Two of the wounded air left into a Boston hospital, the gunman fled.
Police later identified him as Jacob Robita, an 18-year-old described as extremely violent.
They said he was wanted on three counts of attempted murder and hate crimes related to the attack.
The Bedford was the scene of another high-profile bar attack, the 83 gang rape of a woman whose case inspired the 1988 movie The Accus,
starring that dyke Jody Foster.
How do you like that?
I remember that. Don't you?
Yes, I do.
Gang rape?
Yeah, hard.
Oh, and speaking of that, there's your friend of weather lady.
Oh, all group collabs and bedbath and beyond in Florida.
A group collabs.
Really?
The things that they put on there, like all whipped up into a frenzy bar.
Oh, and speaking of Canadians out, this is going to get that guy all whipped up into a bar.
And a frenzy, forget about the baby seals.
Canadian officials say inexperienced American soldiers panicked and opened fire on a vehicle carrying four Canadians in a rack,
disputing the US military's claim that the convoy was hit because warning signals were ignored.
An investigation underway to determine what precipitated what was nearly a friend US military's claim that the convoy was hit because warning signals were ignored.
An investigation underway to determine what precipitated what was nearly a friendly fire tragedy today inside Baghdad's fortified green zone.
The US military released a statement after the shooting same the Canadians' vehicle stopped, it's failed to stop.
After they were worn with hand signals and around warning shots in front of the vehicle, yesterday a different version of events emerged.
Let's just say we don't confirm the American version. I'll give you a hint.
The Americans just did a rotation of the military personnel inside the green zone. We can draw all our conclusions from their A Canadian diplomatic source familiar with the incident told the Toronto star.
Cameron told CTV News that the Canadian convoy was keeping a good distance and then no one on her vehicles saw any hand signals from the Americans to indicate they were too close.
She also said the three shots fired.
We're not a warning in that vulnerable. It's when right through the windshield, nearly missing a passenger.
How many warning shots go across the vehicle into the passenger compartment? Yeah, maybe they just had bad aim.
I think that's what it is. Must have been.
Just a warning shot. Oh, by the way, sorry we hit you with it, but it's not a better warning than that, right?
So what's the story about the Canadian seals? Maybe I would have read it on a year. Who now knows?
So you're creating some bad reports. I'm like I'm a shell for the Canadian government or something.
I'll send it.
You go ahead and send that to the ticket. I'm sure the juices are going to be talking about that all day.
Thought them seals lots of squeals about them seals and crops.
So that's their new deal. I try to drum up some excitement. I guess it's getting people to walk out.
I actually said the kid walked out that one day. I obviously stayed.
And now what was this force writer? Who do you say was Mike? Not Mike Lupica. The other guy got up and ran out.
Hey, some guy. Some guy. How's lunch? Pretty good. Sounds good.
I'm done. 835 votes. You can say that again. That's what Clarence said.
How much of a sports nerd are you? I'm not going to read the thing again. I just got through reading.
I'm just looking at the total 839. By the way, in case you tune in late, final tabulation on that very important blog pool by Greg Cotex and Miami Hero.
That's been going on for two weeks now. They did the runoffs and then we had the finals and the primaries and the final fake at whatever.
Total finals, favorite sports talk. I had found Jim Manditz 589. Joe Rose 462. We sure wish we had him back.
Hank Goldberg 317 and bring up the rear Danny LeBaster 226.
Least favorite, Dan LeBaster 599. Well, that's a scary total. The Humber 448 said the kid 235.
And oh, the big O 108. Brock solid. Final tabulation. Head to head.
I know is to know is your favorite for the station for sports WQAM 10,543 votes.
790 to take a 3,012. A difference of 7,531. Very tight. Allen. Allen Brown.
Oh, gee. There he goes again, but he's going to talk about it.
Yeah, right. That'll do. See on this show, we're not paranoid. Like, I always crashed me up with somebody who called and said,
well, I heard on another station and then they're like, well, I don't know if I can mention like, what do we care?
You know what I'm saying? They're like really uptight about whether you mentioned the call it is another one of the week here about it.
I'll tell you one thing, man. If you're in this business and you're afraid that somebody who mentioned the call it is another radio station,
you really are in need mental help in the raw business. Talk about paranoia. Here it is.
This is in what? Protect the seals of the wet, the Humane Society. Yeah.
By the way, that's Mike Francesca who walked off. Mike Francesca walked off their show.
Just like the audience, why should he be any different? They're all flying away from it.
The Humane Society website says I have distressing news to share the largest commercial slaughter of marine mammals on the planet said to begin late March.
By the end of the hundreds predicted more than 300,000 seals have been clubbed or shot to death.
Many of them babies as young as 12 days old. Last year was shocking. 98.5% of the seals killed were two months older, younger.
And some were skinned while seal conscious able to feel pain. Lovely. We expect more of the same during this year's time.
Have I always screamed about this? Howard and Carrie Don like a maniac? Yeah, it's about that.
And it says don't buy while seals die. Boycott can eat in seafood, eh? Right.
Says the Humane Society of the U.S. will be in the front lines in Canada fighting the halt its atrocity.
I ask that you stand with us today and stop the seal hunt forever.
I'm going outside right after the show and start screaming like a band-gay. Quick with the club and then baby seals you lunatics, you butchers.
Seal hunting is an off-season activity conducted by fishermen from Canada's East Coast.
They earn on average a small fraction of their income from seal hunting. The rest comes from commercial fisheries.
Canada takes in nearly $3 billion annually from seafood experts to the U.S.
The connection between commercial fishing industry and the seal hunting Canada gives consumers all over the world the power to end a vicious slaughter of seals.
And this thing is got a it's on the what's the website Humane Society of the U.S.
Humane Society at hsu.org.
Oh, but you don't have the balls to talk about how the comics can talk about when George is picking and choosing what he's going to send to me.
Okay. Well, I thought it was the only thing that George isn't going to send to me is stuff from like a lie.
And the from the scribbler and all the chronics. That's all the rest of it. I'll make the decisions.
All right. I'll pay butch boss from now on. All right. So that I don't have to like I'm trying to cover up for the butchers.
In addition, what is always yellow when I send you boring ass stories all the time?
Who said this was a boring ass story? This is sickening. It's disgusting.
Just like the thing about the my next story about the 22 puppy and the 22 accused and using puppies.
Oh, I'll wait. I'll talk to about yesterday. I was in here at the very beginning of a show and I couldn't believe it.
I scroll and guilty. He's got to be a dog lover.
To the voice like that.
Oh, you know what I'm saying? What is that?
Well, who's more of an animal over than I am except of course for the extremist animal lovers.
The ones that want like a little bit too close and personal that make me uncomfortable about that.
You know what I'm saying? No.
I've all the right. I'm in my through the BCL.
The story from the state of Washington. I ever said that. I hope not.
I don't know.
9. I eat 42. We'll be better get with it now. We might not make our 45,000 by 2.
This is new.
7,500 31 miles in Allen Brown. Each of parts out there is loser.
You call me Mr. Boots and I live in it. Do the 12 one hour.
All right.
I was sleeping in the park just trying to take a seat.
I got homeless in the dark. It left me black and blue.
I'm hurt so bad I'm coughing up blood.
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
I'm dying on the air.
Don't know why this happened.
I took the most into the head.
They took off. They were laughing.
They left me here for dead.
I've got an ass. Would they hire drugs?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
I'm lying here.
Can hardly move.
They took those baseball bats and swung like they grew.
Like the ass, the parents wide.
They raised their kids this way.
Lots and lots of prison time.
Will be the price they pay.
Would them in jail with all those other firsts?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
Why was I beaten by teenagers with clothes?
Just for the halibut.
I expected apology on a fax machine.
Did you get one yet?
No, maybe that's it.
You don't have the ball to be disturbed.
You're trying to protect the Canadian government.
I'm going to protect the Canada scruos.
The hell with it.
Speaking of people beaten on animals, this story makes me want to puke.
I forgot I had it in my pocket.
I had to go to a Thanksgiving party.
I think it's a girl.
She's going to the dogs.
Here comes your thank you.
There's somebody I like.
They made a mistake.
They rushed to the judgment.
They were a jackass.
Who the hell are you?
That's why I couldn't find it in.
Sitting there, even free lunch and the censoring and picking and choosing what that old bag is going to talk about.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Subhuman.
I never said that all the people in an addition would say that's not the problem.
Every day with my parents, that's about to go hoist off.
In fishermen people.
And here it is.
Oh, thank you Neil.
I just wanted to get the info out there about the seals love you.
Well, they hated me like five minutes ago and now they love me.
Well, I understand.
See, this is what happens inside the building too.
I get all the grief.
They hate me like poison because you, that's all the dirty work.
I'm the other way around.
They hate you because I like well, whatever.
Now, that's this face of the hateous period.
That's it.
That's because we're associated with this show.
They just hate us.
I just can't believe that nobody in that place came in and that.
I mean, you see, they have no sense of humor.
I realize there's all kinds of stuff going on.
I got a lot of fish to fry speaking of sea food.
You need to readjust.
There may be three people in the building listening to you now or ever.
Yeah, Miguel.
Doh.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Doh.
I think I'm done.
That's it.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
So the people that you're expecting their response or something.
Well, I'm Tommy didn't come in.
They're like, good going, guys.
You're like a little five and a couple of fat ones.
I don't even care about them.
I need to do this anybody else for that.
No, that isn't the point.
You're missing the whole point of this.
No, I'm not.
I don't care about them either.
I couldn't give her a flying crap less about them.
I wouldn't listen to them if you paid me by the middle second.
So that's kind of the way that it's just the idea of we're in the business.
We're here to compete, compete, compete.
You understand that is anybody?
I don't think Tommy gets ratings bonuses.
That's not the point.
He's not going to make any rating bonus from this bonus from this bogus rating bogus.
Is that what the pool was bogus?
Come on.
Jesus, what a...
I know.
You're talking about the eye.
Most of the people already press because they're in that building and there's around with his loom and doom.
I thought that now we had the new regime and of course Greg keeps showing up all the time because he got nothing else to do.
And he's on the payroll so he keeps busy working like he's doing something.
And I'd probably like to cast a dark call to over the proceedings.
Good, God.
Just get out of there for a while Greg.
Let's let the air clear out.
Open up the windows.
Let's have a little cleansing experience.
I saw him packing his office yesterday.
Who's that?
Greg.
He was packing up.
He was packing.
Oh, God.
Oh, wow.
I'm seeing how close he's sure he just put me in the best mood and that's the end of the week.
Maybe he just hanging around for one more week.
One more week.
You think?
Yeah.
He was packing his stuff up.
Oh.
Oh, right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Well, all right.
Sports fans?
All right.
By the way, he and I are today 80K47 for the Mad Dog after Curtis.
From the BAC, the Bank of Atlanta, Kientha Renta Center.
Panther Peebue with seven of Panthers in the Atlanta trashers.
Now, you better go out and see that game.
You like an exciting hockey game.
The Atlanta stores are ton of goals.
They're saying they got India Cobal Chook and they got Miri and Hoson.
Never trust a guy named Miri and was this John Wayne.
And London Troy.
Atlanta Mark has in Troy Stratford after the hockey game.
Man, what a lineup.
I don't see two gods in there.
22 Achilles and using...
So he was cleaning out his desk.
No, he was putting, you know, like pictures and frames and things away.
It was hanging out his orifice.
Oh, he was hanging out his orifice.
God, that must have taken a long time.
Over the last several years, there's been so many QAIM heads in there.
You know what I'm saying?
Let's hope they all die.
I bet you when he started doing that, he had to remove Maddie Belfers.
They probably had to bring in a crane to surgery to remove him from Greg's go-ass.
The drug enforcement administration.
That fact, see that whole episode, we just went through.
I realized to most people that would not be very extraordinary.
But you see you can understand the psychology of the way people think.
In other words, if they...
If they set their fingers, I'm supposed to respond, right?
You know, you're supposed to care about what they care about.
And you're right about those 85 page faxes.
We get many times stories that we've already got on our website.
Not only that day, but sometimes a day or two before.
Days, old stories.
Redundant stories.
But at least they're involved.
They're trying to be helpful.
Even though we hate them like poison for wasting our fast paper.
But nevertheless, they're at least they're trying to be involved.
That's not what I'd call it.
Like I said, to be an irritant.
And they're doing a good job of it.
Look at me.
The DNA, the Drug Enforcement Administration, arrested 22 Colombian nationals for smuggling heroin in the US by various methods, including surgically implanting the drugs into puppies' official service.
Now that's...
You didn't see the story?
Yes, I saw it and it's outrageous.
There's a little puppy that looks just like tiny.
How come they couldn't use cats?
Now that's a thought.
That is an excellent idea.
Just rip their gut open and shove it in there.
Yeah.
The Colombian organization brought more than 20 kilograms of heroin in the US.
A concealing some of it by slitting open purebred puppies of going to John P. Gilbrot, the DEA's New York Field Division Special Agent in Charging A News Release.
At least three puppies died from having liquid heroin packets placed inside them and then being stitched back up.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Human careers are swallowers, also ingested the heroin packets to transport them overseas.
The group also hid drugs in body creams, aerosol cans, and along the lining of purses and luggage.
Drug smugglers often rely on careers to swallow condoms full of drugs.
And one Colombian woman was once found with cocaine surgically implanted in her buttocks.
Racco.
Hmm.
The organization's outrageous and heinous smuggling.
Was that what you call it if they implanted in her buttocks wouldn't that be heinous smuggling?
What else would you call it?
Racco.
They're outrageous and heinous smuggling method of implanting heroin inside puppies as a true indication of the extent that drug dealers go to make their profit, they said.
This investigation identified the individuals are responsible for overseeing and smuggling millions of dollars worth of heroin from Colombia to the East Coast.
And now we got that Colombian radio station on their radio swabby.
Yeah.
What is that called?
Oh, you were in the caracol.
What a memory I got.
Got a cool.
Very good.
Don't sneeze.
Kind of cold.
Hey.
You haven't heard it yet?
What?
I don't understand.
Other than little Joey.
Do we know any Colombians about how I'm a little Joey and let him on the air while I tell him what a little Joey but when I call out, I'm not going to stand still for that.
I just thought I could hold me.
I do a pretty good Gilbert.
Yeah, yeah, you do.
Yes.
Of course you've heard him enough.
Yeah, I should have.
And I sleep.
Hitler.
Hitler.
By the way, that's Gilbert.
For anybody doesn't know what God does Hitler.
That's the only thing you'll hear from him on the air.
More than $20 million worth of heroin is involved in BC News reported.
Wednesday's the rest of the combination of a tea and a rest of the investigation that identified a drug trafficking organization based in many in Colombia.
Who's distribution?
Why would we just bomb Colombia for Christ's sake?
At least the hero of Chavez, he's got the oil there in Venezuela.
Come be got oil.
I don't think so.
And why is that?
Why not?
They just don't.
Well, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
He figured they don't need oil.
They got all them drugs.
That's right.
Who's distribution that we reach for Miami to New York City?
Miami.
There we go again.
Drugs in Miami.
What a concept.
In January of last year, police in Colombia found six puppies with scars on their admins at rural property.
All for sounds.
Scans revealed bags of liquid heroin hidden inside living animals.
Police said traffickers plan to retrieve the drug once the dogs pass customs abroad.
I want to say pass customs.
What does that mean?
The dog has to pass customs.
They have to take their shoes off.
Does a drug sniffing dog detect heroin inside another dog?
That's a good question.
What about if the heroin's inside the drug sniffing dog?
Aha.
But they had never thought about that.
I think what I was starting like checking out the dogs is that it would be the other way around.
Colombia is the world's largest producer of cocaine in the main supplier of heroin to the USA.
I guess it was the largest supplier of those puppies, huh?
I can't understand.
I got a stone.
Now we're talking.
That's their old industry when you come right down to it.
We did a hell of a job there again in Alcaniston.
But we got that homie car's eye in there.
They're from the Unicael, from the board of directors at Unicael.
That's the oil pimped.
All the oil pimps all the time.
We told you right on this fat ass show a long time ago when they first started that shock and awe.
This is about two things only.
OIL and M.O.any Wine.
Here we are like almost five years later.
And it turned out the old thing was right.
Told you, you'd have to be a rocket scientist to see that.
In fact, it worked even commenting on a couple of shots there about all this business about nothing dependent on Middle East oil
and unstable countries.
And Cheney sitting behind it with his DDI's rolling around like a pinball machine.
And people are saying it's a little bit incredulous the whole thing because since Bush and Cheney are both up to their ears and oil.
They're in the oil business man with the bin Laden's.
Remember the thing, oh yeah, I was in business with his father in the olive oil business.
I didn't know no God father.
Yeah, that's right.
I was in business with his father.
We in the olive oil business.
Janko oil.
Seriously, air v line, air v scene in that movie.
It just captures your whole existence.
It leaves it good.
I think it always.
I think air v day.
I don't get how many day go get any what grease ball come out of nowhere.
Who did I just mention?
Who did I just say?
Like 10 seconds ago that he just flashed on CNN.
Tom made cars out of oil pimped from Afghanistan.
I'll tell you my psychic powers.
If they worked as well at the track as they do on the air here and like the rest of the day, I'd be loaded.
I wouldn't have to be here sitting and fighting like crazy for a bunch of wimpy sports and dirty guy.
We don't want to.
This is Neil Rogers.
What's all this?
He's 5'16".
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well I read it linking.
I drove up in the hill.
You want me shirts and recall how it happened?
Well it's good luck it still gives me chills.
What a weirdo.
Followed my map of star how says.
And was shot to see.
Sitting on a front porch was.
And a leader joining.
Well I walked up like I knew her.
Hey I know you.
But I saw her hesitate.
But the call of porn started working and for her.
It was too late.
For her in my car and rolled the windows down.
Now she washed my queen and.
I made her cry.
I'm just a little bit cry of me.
And I've got Angelina Jean in my basement.
I've been to Facebook.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
And charge her rent.
Well I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes us a man.
I think I find that.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jean in my basement.
Let's see how I can.
Watch it to pray for a man in.
But I bet you give your last sense.
How about that?
To have Angelina Jean-Layla down in your basement.
Come here and press it.
I'll hurt my dog.
I'll hurt my dog.
Don't hurt my dog.
I'll hurt your dog, miss.
I've pushed the dog in the basket.
It rubs the load on its skin.
It does this whenever it's cold.
From 19 to 560 WQM, we have 894, 891.
Whatever hell says there.
Almost down here of over.
We're going to get that 1000 just as easy as rolling over and over and then the plane dead.
Like our sports nerds.
We don't want them.
Oh here's this update on the worm.
You got the worm yet?
Oh not that one.
A computer.
This is from Hong Kong.
Today was supposed to be the day.
They always do.
They like that same thing with the Y2K crap.
There's a worm coming.
The Y2K.
All the computers all over the world are going to crash.
You're like we're just going to go out.
Think it back on it.
It's just kind of a scary, you know.
How many stupid people.
And then of course the really stupid people believe all the crap.
That's what they're hearing too.
A computer worm expected to begin corrupting files and infected machines around the world
Friday cause no major damage in the Asian financial centers of Hong Kong and Tokyo.
Maybe they've got good machines over there.
X was hand-worn that they were known as Kamasutra CNA24 Blackworm or MyWife.e.
Could corrupt documents using the most common file types including .doc.pdf and .zip.
It's well past the deadline but we haven't confirmed any cases of the Kamasutra in Japan which suggest
we're not looking at a major off-brack.
It's Suro Nishimoto and executive is a Tokyo based computer security company LAC said
Friday afternoon there are time.
He called the threat of an attack a bluff and said even if a dedicure uses can easily protect their files with standard precautions.
They're like that Norton anti-virus.
Boy do I, I hate that thing.
A manager at Hong Kong's official coordination center for computer emergency said he hadn't received any reports
or calls for help from those infected by the worm.
It began spreading late last month but we haven't received any calls in the past two weeks.
We don't expect to receive any today either Roy Koe said.
Koe is in Koe.
Rhymes with a big blow.
The worm is believed to have infected hundreds of thousands of computers, mostly in India, Peru, Turkey and Italy,
finished security company F Secure Set earlier this week.
Unlike other worms, they're going to design help spammers and hackers carry out attacks.
Blackworm couldn't flick more damage because it sets out to destroy documents using the most common file types.
It also tries to disable outdated anti-virus software.
Maybe this is a worm that's the one that got rid of all those documents they had about the White House there.
Jack Abramaw.
Oh those documents.
And the email.
CIA leak all those.
Right.
But Koe said he wasn't worried.
Our assessment of the worm damage isn't serious.
Bigot corporations will surely be able to avoid if they update their anti-virus software frequently enough.
We're more worried about individual users involved businesses.
There was also a sign that government offices have been affected.
Said Mavis Hui, a spokeswoman for the Commerce Industry and Technology Bureau.
Mavis Hui, a QI Hui.
Now with your words always said, Hui?
He likes it.
And that baby.
897 man's like heaven on a pole today if you're a sportsman or not got the Super Bowl column.
Even George is going to be watching.
Not only something.
What the fuck?
Yeah.
6 o'clock, 6 p.m. B there B square.
We love the Steelers.
Is there really?
Or is it we love the C?
I don't care.
I just, I just, I can't get all that excited about it.
Because I really, really and truly as much as I wanted to see the Steelers beat the crap out of the Coles for obvious reasons.
I don't like the Coles.
I'm big of her.
She said the Steelers beat the hell out of the Coles.
Denver.
Did I say beat the Broncos?
Do you know what I just said?
Yeah.
Oh.
Well, you know I was saying.
Okay.
And they did.
But nevertheless, I just, I don't, I don't like Bill Kaur.
I can't stand a whole thing with a jaw.
And as far as Seattle is concerned, you know, my home room, it looks like he's ahead too much of that Wisconsin cheese, you know.
When he was in Green Bay.
I guess the apple, huh?
We're going to roof for Seattle.
I am.
Well, there you go.
I don't care who wins.
I just want to see a good deal.
Oh, you got a pen on now.
Come on.
Don't tell me you don't have a big belt.
Yeah.
You're right.
I got with Hank earlier over the front when we got oversunders.
I'm going to go over it under 47.
Yeah.
What's the spread?
Yeah.
That's the spread.
I got a comment for that.
Joyce.
That's the spread.
The low price.
Yeah.
She's the quicker picker upper.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless long kind of a
lot of tragic afternoon here.
You know, we're kind of, you know, I'm doing right now.
What are you doing?
Actually, I could be sitting on one of the little rings you sit on when you got
bad words.
It's called resting on your laurels.
Is that what those are called?
That's what that's called.
Your laurels, which is a racetrack by the way of Maryland.
In Balmer, I believe.
902.
In fact, isn't that where a Pimpton notice Pimlico?
I'm sorry.
Same difference.
902.
How much of a sports nerd are you?
I'm a fan, not a nerd, 295.
I have so much interest, but not big time.
I'm not, in other words, I'm not obsessed.
There's nothing worse than being obsessed with games, with ball games.
Oh, Jesus.
You know, I hate everybody 81.
Total nerd 44.
It's like these people with a hockey here.
The board had coach.
The leaves will be a board and out.
Okay, good.
I hate this pool 42.
I love the shower with the guys 41.
I have the winters.
Like George 38.
I mean, who cares, you know, enough of this already.
I hate spectators sports 36.
I'm telling you, let me up as well.
Only for gambling purposes 21.
I only watch one sport 19.
Is there anything else besides sports 12, or clearance voted for that I'm sure.
And I'm a Jacksonifer.
Oh, 11.
He also voted for that.
How is Clancy coming in and congratulating us on our phenomenal job?
Huh?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Not even Tommy.
How well, he's probably out to lunch.
I would have had.
Either that is working feverishly in there.
Maybe what are the two, I can couple of drug deals.
Got a great story here, but I think it's too long.
I already said it.
I'm not sending no more stories.
Unless something major happened because I don't want to do that 27 stories again.
I get you all like bummed out on the weekend.
Okay, put too much pressure.
Do what you got to do with it.
You know, I got the window cracked open here because it's actually too warm in here.
Well, you know, not that it's that hot today, but.
And somebody's cooking something.
Maybe next door.
Oh, oh, good or good.
Like, curries.
No, no, not curries.
Second period, five on three.
Glenmari tattoos one pasty way.
It's like, oh, it actually is 40.
It's kind of murky looking and gloomy.
It's raining a little bit.
A little bit dripping.
You know, like it's like an Amsterdam drip.
You ever had the Amsterdam drip?
Not lately.
I'll depends on what part of your body it's dripping from.
But, yeah, it's about 40.
But anyway, something that smells like pasta sauce.
Mmm, which I can't eat my pasta, but boy, do I love it.
Is they do know anybody doesn't love like the skinny?
You know anybody?
No, not that I think of.
I mean, there's some vegetarians who obviously aren't.
You know, we said, well, nobody doesn't like a good steak.
But there are vegetarians who don't eat meat, so we have to exclude them.
Right?
But as far as the spaghetti, I guess they won't eat no meatballs with this spaghetti.
Like the Italians don't eat meatballs with their pasta.
They would laugh at you if you said that.
Like when the Italian trotteria and say, I'll have a,
look at me, I pizza with pepperoni.
And of course, in Italy, pepper and chini is like peppers,
so they would give you, right?
So they would like hot peppers on.
Ooh, no thank you.
Well, but I'm just saying there's also good thing as papi runi, okay?
There's art runi, but there ain't no papi runi.
Thank you, runi.
In January, the powerful Alexander strategy group shut down
his public operations faster than Mercine's peddling perverted DVDs on Canal Street
who hear the cops run away.
The wall connected Republican lobbying from founded and run by former senior staffers
are in battle house majority leader Tom Delay.
Explained that the publicity from the Jack Abramoff mega scandal
has fatally damaged its business.
On the surface, it appears to be the fall of a major player in the GOP's
K-Street project, which is made lobbying a highly partisan industry.
But don't count out ASG.
Already according to the Washington Post, most of its lobbyists are setting up a successor firm.
While ASG spins its problem as its collateral damage from the Abramoff
interference hardly de-victim of an Aaron Public Relations bomb, Luna Bomba,
in fact, the firm was deeply entangled in several of the Washington scandals.
Its swift shutdown offers a rare extra of the elaborate lobbying shell game
that trades access to look at their government contracts for funds
to fill the campaign warts just keeping Republicans in power.
Founded by Delay's former chief of staff, Ed Buckham, ASG, was a centerpiece of this game.
In recent report, public citizen lays out the rules.
In this partnership, corporations, trade associations, and lobbying firms
are pressured to hire only Republicans.
Those lobbyists then help Republican leadership to whip on the outside
to get Republican members of the House to vote for leadership legislative agenda.
The lobbyists also raise enormous amounts of money from their clients to ensure
that Republicans remain the majority in Congress.
For this field, the leadership grants the lobbyist access to the decision makers
and provides legislative favors for their clients.
And the story goes on, it's long story.
It'll be on our website tomorrow, or else.
27 past noon, if you tuned in late.
You know, at this point, I don't care if anybody else in the building gives a crap or not.
You know, because we need a phenomenal job.
And you know, we're not looking for like an extra bonus or something.
There we are.
Even for a pat on the backstand.
Well, what a great job, guys.
Even by hooker by crook.
You just don't it.
You got the masses whipped up to a frenzy out there.
And we put them in their place and kicked their ass.
And you think, especially since they're the ones that are all whipped up about those loosens across the street, we don't care.
Right?
Right.
So we, because in the fact that they were too wussified to get up to the plate, you know, like Ross Burrall, we said,
you got to step up to the plate, roll up your sleeves, and do, do, do.
And these guys, that's what they did, all right.
They were do-do-doin until we stepped in.
Kakka, that's what they were doing.
Man, looks like Fat Boy have been attacking the walls in that tea room again.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
My God, your breasts are beautiful.
He can't wait.
Better have a good decision.
He can't wait.
You really know this album, retirement.
And it is time to pay for all your crimes.
And great as soon you will be serving hard times.
He can't wait.
You food and rhyme in the rid.
He can't wait.
He can't wait.
Food of risen for a while.
Taxes you didn't pay.
Income you just didn't buy.
He used no fillions from your employees.
Such a boobies.
And now you'll go into the panopasery.
And you can't leave.
Staying in jail until you're dead.
So Greg Reed has cleared out his orifice.
I'll pack up all the pictures and stuff.
How did you see that?
Were you like spying in there or what?
I just happened to be walking by, I saw it.
Yeah, walk on by.
Heard in there, see, hey Greg, what are you doing in there?
I just cleaned up my stuff, get out of here.
Bye Greg.
Maybe now Joe Bell can grab the reins and really kick some ass huh?
If you see me walking down the street.
Oh Jesus.
Hey Dion.
How's that psychic network coming with what's your name from Power 96?
Bo.
Bo.
You want to see Bo no more?
We got Kim Bo camper boobies.
We ain't got no more bro griffin.
The only guy who's ready to know.
You don't need to know Bo and Joe.
Wait, I think that was a mass-made in purgatory between Bo Griffith and Joe Castilla.
Yeah, that's your buddy man.
Good times.
We sure turned on him or did he turn on us?
He just, I don't know.
He loved talent.
Well, what does that mean?
He went to Washington DC, I guess he's back and everything.
There's no turning as far as I'm concerned.
Well, what do you mean he's back?
He just went.
Sometimes he, well, he still lives here technically.
No.
All right.
No, he lives there and he hates it.
Okay.
And he said that SM radio is in disgrace.
Media largely ignored Fitzgerald revelation that White House may have destroyed emails because
we, I just mentioned this and you made some smart ass comment.
Few, it's the longest term.
I'm just going to read a couple of paragraphs because I want to put people in a coma.
Few made your news outlets have covered the fact first reported by the New York Daily News.
They didn't let it to I. Lewis Scooter, Libby's defensive attorneys, special counsel Patrick Faton,
and J. Fitzgerald said that numerous emails from 2003 are missing from the White House computer archives.
Okay.
Just a nice and just a coincidence, I'm sure.
They just happen to be missing.
A February 1st New York Daily News article by Staff writer James Gordon Meek reported that in a recent letter to defense attorneys for that Scooter, Libby,
Patrick Fitzgerald said those emails are missing from the computer archives in the White House.
A media matters for America's survey of coverage following the publication of the Meeks article found that most major news outlets
with only a few exceptions have ignored this story.
On October 28th, 2005, a grand jury in that Libby, we know about that.
The Vittorby Pettiboo.
A media matters exam in the cable and network news coverage on February 1st from 4pm till midnight,
and February 2nd from 6 to 10am, also looked at newspaper and wire coverage on February 1 and 2,
for mentions of this letter following the publication of Meeks article.
The survey found that only these certainly not news networks, CNN, the Associated Press and the New York Sun,
have devoted any substantial coverage to Fitzgerald's revelations.
Probably just a coincidence.
Oh, look at this here. I have this in my problem. I'm going to move it up because now we're going to...
The U.S. is beginning, you know, off the 60 years, it's relearning to hate again.
Absorbing, I'm on the far one quick last question to wrap this up.
What needs to be done to diffuse this situation?
You can only imagine if they have the South Park episode with a Virgin Mary on there.
Oh, brother. Can you imagine if Mohamad would have been there, you know,
while they're getting blood from his...
Right, that'll be...
...the people's face. That'll be next.
Oh, boy. Well, there. See, one thing about the Muslims, man, when they get pissed off, they don't just, you know,
they get all the...
We don't like that at all, and you better do something about it.
No, they don't say that, although the Indians talk like that, but nevertheless,
protest against European newspapers, publications, cartoons, lamp, putting the Prophet Muhammad gain momentum
across the Islamic world yesterday, as Pakistani school children burned French and Danish flags
and Muslim presidents denounced the drawings.
Car cartoons, even Dunesbury never had this much flag.
At the same time, more European news organizations printed or broadcast the caricatures,
setting a need to defend freedom of expression.
One thing about them, Europeans, man, they don't take it lay and down.
Well, sometimes they do.
So I heard...
In another day, a confrontation between the largely secular nations of Europe and Muslim countries
where religion remains a strong force in baby life,
Islamic activists threatened more widespread protests and boycotts of European vines.
While some European officials softly defused the crisis, many journalists insisted that despite Islamic outrage,
religious sensibilities shouldn't result in censorship.
We would have done exactly...
You know, like they had one of these spokesmen on their news last night saying,
they're making fun of our religion, and of course, yeah.
And...
Okay, exactly.
So, Yamama, we would have done exactly the same thing.
We would have been a Pope Rabbi or priestess, who wrote editor-in-chief, Serge Fulbeir,
and through his editions of Francois, one of the newspapers that printed the cartoons.
Well, Mahmoud Ahashem, Mahmoud, awful lot of guys named Mahmoud, you know what?
Yeah.
As in, Mahmoud Ahashem, a businessman in Saudi Arabia, reflecting broad sentiment in Muslim societies,
called the cartoons, just another example of a sport to insult Islam and Muslims after the attacks of 9-11.
Under Islamic teachings, any depiction of Mahmoud, they face found the messenger of God,
is blasphemy, including depictions that are not negative.
In other words, even if it was like a good guy, well...
That was a really good photograph, pen and ink drawing.
Right.
Like real snappy dresser like me.
The cartoons violated that dictum in many of them also ridiculed the prophet,
and one he depicted as a terrorist with his turban holding a bomb with a burning fuse,
and a bomb in the turban, in his smaka.
Political analysts from both sides described the newspapers printing of the cartoons as a dangerous incitement in a conflict
that's already alienated to the growing Muslim populations of West European nations,
and hardened extremists in both camps.
European.
That's right.
Perisholman.
Alexander Adler, author of rendezvous with Islam, criticized the newspapers,
where at war he said, said in a reconsurgency,
you know, there's this crap that, in other words, basically what he's saying,
I guess, is that the whole world is at war with Islam.
Is that what he's saying?
Well, that's what he'd like.
Yeah.
That's evidently his take on it.
The European Trade Commissioner Peter Mendelson said the continued printing of the cartoons
was throwing petrol onto the flames.
Technology with desire to stand up for press freedom, he said newspapers,
must understand the offense that is caused by publishing cartoons of this nature.
But more and more civilizations continued to display the cartoons,
yes, they included the BBC, which said it hoped or give audiences an understanding
of the strong feelings they worked by the story, and if those folks don't like it,
like it, hubman dreared, they said.
Well, it was BBC, you guys, what a sense of humor, huh?
Hubman dreared my ass.
In the West Bank, city of Nobles, Palestinian government came into German citizens
from a hotel restaurant and threatened to seize more foreigners,
who was later released, because their PO to crack cartoons that had even draw.
Right, like that.
That will teach your people to be made up for an old Mohammed,
damn Germans, even if it was Dutch.
Here's a fact that says from who's this from Jim?
Lark and awarded damages after Scrodom Burn.
The chairman of the Donnagal County City Council has been awarded damage
for an injury suffered during a football game 13 years ago,
and received widespread newspaper coverage this morning.
Where's this? This must be in Ireland? I would imagine.
Donnagal County, the football association of Ireland,
yeah, boy, are you on top of it, man?
Was ordered to pay desi, lark, in 9,000 euros,
every severed burns to his crotch.
After coming into contact with Lyme,
used to mark Lyme's on the pitch.
Oh, watch where you step on the pitch.
It's a bitch.
Well, I'm gotten this for him, and the Brits are just,
there's no hope for the world.
You know, you can scream about the ragheads all you want, but the Brits.
In October 93, he was playing for a bonnagas Celtic in a match with Donnagal town,
during which time Lyme came into contact with his testicles.
I wonder if Bud Foster remembers Lyme time.
I'm sure he does. I wonder if Bud's still around.
There were no showers at the pitch when,
lark in a wolf the next morning, he was in pain,
having been referred to a hospital like consultant confirmed,
his testicles had been burned.
I've heard of burning love before, but this is ridiculous.
The judge said, had to have been showers available,
the injury might have been averted.
It was the defense responsibility worn players of the risk.
Thank you very much, Jim.
You're knocking all these show rings and showers.
That's right, you've got to go in there and shower the guys,
man, because otherwise you might want to put a burning in your groin.
Of course, if you shower too much with a guy's,
you might have a different kind of burning here.
This is Neil Rogers.
I guess that's the definition now of what really old is.
If you can remember a time before there was television, you're old.
Yeah, I would.
Like me, right, ancient.
Can you even imagine, no, a time when we had no TV?
No.
Well, what did you do?
I mean, what was your life?
What was, you know, you had got polio and died young.
Oh, is that it?
A series of fires damaged six rural Alabama churches overnight.
Investigators today are trying to determine whether they were arson or,
you know what Ray Nagan says?
God surely is mad.
He's pissed off off.
See?
Yeah.
I just had like a little griff there.
I think God has pissed off of me.
You can't be a takin' us too lightly now.
Most of the churches were Baptist located in your major highways, and all that one were in Bibb County,
like 25 Mausaha, the Burma Hand.
The other church in Chelten County had been undergoing construction, which could have been a source of the fire, said Reagan Ingram.
I wonder if he's kind of like Dave Ingram or Ingram, maybe Dan Ingram, Kimisabi.
He spoke some of these state insurance agencies overseas fire investigations.
That church knew how many Baptist and Fairview was destroyed.
No rest of it made as of today, yet.
In 1996, race was a factor in a series of arson's advantage.
Rural black churches in Alabama and elsewhere.
But Ingram said the fires they threw in the early day destroyed both the churches of predominantly black congregations and predominantly white congregations.
So I guess maybe he's spreading them around.
The arsonists.
Maybe it's a racially, you know, fair arsonist.
He went in doubt even it out.
Don't like Baptists.
Jim Parker, member of the Ashby Baptist Church School, W.B.R.C. television and Birmingham, he understood the fire.
He began near the pulpit and at the fires that other churches had a similar pattern.
Just a coincidence, God is surely mad.
Just like we're just in a Ray Nagan.
Talking about that chocolate city, chocolate.
Speaking of priests, this has got to be another one of our stories somebody made up.
Because I just don't believe these things, you know.
I think it's part of that liberal media propaganda all the time.
There's no fact in the church.
For damn sure.
For sure, Laddy.
The investigation of a retired Vatican official accused of molesting an Eastern Ontario altar boy decades ago involved in false accuses and several other communities where the priest lived.
Police said yesterday.
And a rest was been issued for my senior Bernard Prince 71.
A retired Vatican official accused of assaulting a 12 year old altar boy in the town of Wilno, Ontario in the late 60s before eventually moved the room to work for the Vatican.
Oh boy.
I'll bet she's having a field day there and I field, but I feel they he's feeling it.
Sergeant Christine Ray Charlotte.
Shulay said the matter could move to extradition proceedings that Prince continues to ignore an arrest warrant issued after charges were laid last October.
You get laid last October?
Probably not.
And the main time she said investigators were looking at other claims in other parts of Ontario, even in the USA.
We have allegations from different communities said racial lay.
It's become quite extensive.
I can't say how many complaints there are, but in fact, Prince did live in Will, Ottawa, Penbroke and Arn prior to Wadow and Kingston as well as in the states too before went out North America.
It's an extensive investigation.
So far, Prince only faces charges later when assault alleged assault is former cottage in the small southern Ontario town of Wilno.
We do hope that it comes back to deal with everybody deserves a day in court.
Ray Shulay said wherever in Peter pool of the diocese of Pembroke say nothing about the allegations and they never received any complaints about Prince.
Prince is denied being notified of the allegations, but Ray Shulay insisted he'd been told of the charges, or to return to Canada or well say.
Although the Pembroke diocese kept the record of its police career history, Poole said a detailed list of Princess Prostings would not immediately available.
And of course not, about he did this one, he did that one.
The controversy just led us to strike the Catholic Church in Ontario this year.
Charles Silvestre, 82 of Bel River faces 42 sexual assault charges including in decent assault rape and attempted rape.
Although, you know what Moe said, gang rape is a hoot.
Now what he said?
It's a damn about hooters.
Okay, let's take a look.
By the way, in case you missed it, we kicked their ass over there down the street, the sports nerds.
How much of a sports nerd are you? That's our poll today.
I'm super bowl weekend. Even George is all excited about it. He's hoping to see some more boobies on there.
Huh?
Well, now wouldn't that be sad if you missed it? I'm sure you missed it. The Janet Jackson thing.
Oh, hardly.
It's all 50,000.
Exactly. That day.
How much of a sports nerd are you? I'm a fan not under a 315.
I have some interest, but not big time to wait. In other words, I could take it or leave it.
I hate everybody, 89.
Total nerd 47.
I love to shower with a guy is 44.
Just have to ask for the nice long white towel.
I hate this pool 43. I have no interest 40.
I hate spectator sports 38. Only for gambling purposes, 23.
Don't be betting on that super bowl this weekend. You're ass I'll go to jail. I'm telling you right now.
Bill Bennett's going to come to your house and take your ass away.
I only watch one sports 21.
I'm a Jacksonifer 13. Is there anything else besides sport? Only a dozen.
13 Jacksonifer.
Do we have that thing nasal passages?
Yeah, we do.
Some work.
Now let's not about that, but never let it.
About your presence, not in COVID, right?
Too bad we don't have time to play with it.
But you know something when we come back. There might be a damn good chance.
This is Neil Roger.
This is by 16 QA.
Bill Bennett's is the one to do our.
I'm not going to play with it.
I'm not going to play with it.
Every time I have your cast, you're all gone.
I can't help but feel that there's so much peace, Lord.
All that cocaine, body and brain, inside and out, nothing helps.
We made the nasal passages.
That's why George always Lord, he made the nasal passages.
He bought a team to inhale the surface line.
He was born in so many places, so goddamn dumb.
Without him, it would be a hopeless bump.
Life of the party is a list day.
It's a little bit different to himself.
For a friend and a nasal cut again.
That's the reason he's forever believed he had the nasal cut again.
I thought might just get them and hold in mind past all the times.
You're fair.
You've had that stuck at GD in there, you know?
Yes, too bad. How many times have you dumped it?
I'm very important. How many times have you dumped it?
Once again, me too.
I saw George do it.
How many votes have we got on the poll so far?
We got 1,000, coming to two o'clock and I have a feeling no, 9, 81 already.
Like I said, we got 1,000, coming by 115 or sooner.
I don't know what got in these people.
I guess they got pissed off too with this lack of physicalist kind of laws they fear attitude
or the rest of these people.
They got pissed off about that.
Freestyle commentary in the audience has to vote for us.
Most of our guys are just waiting for the steamroll to run them over.
What's that all about?
All in this, speaking of John Bainer, which is how he pronounces name.
My bad yesterday.
January House Republicans have chosen a high representative John Bainer over Republican Roy Blunt
as their new majority leader.
Bainer will replace Tom Nahammer delay, the hammer.
Now facing trial for Money Laundry and other charges in Texas,
the party's chorus is queued up to celebrate Bainer as a new start,
a clean contrast to the foul odor corruption that pervades this Congress.
This is on TomPain.com.
Good luck it says Bainer, lauded by supporters of a bridge across Republican factions,
has paved that bridge with a cold cash of special interest money.
Bainer, a leader of New King Ridge's 94 takeover of the House,
is renown and washed and for maintaining a perpetual tan from Florida John's,
liberally hopping on corporate jets dispensed by lobbyists,
and raising tons of cash from K Street.
His lavish beach parties for rich donors are his notorious signature
and he first came to public attention by giddly dispensing sex from tobacco executives
on the House floor a decade ago.
Bainer touts change with a wink of the eye.
Yes, I am cozy with lobbyists to Washington Post who porcelys told his colleagues,
while assuring them that he would not overreact to the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal,
by curtailing the lavish travel and spending habits they've come to enjoy.
For a Republican caucus, they can barely summon a majority to pass a ban
on former membership lobbyist using the House gym,
while grossing about anything approaching real reform, Bainer is the perfect choice.
And for the rest of us, Bainer personifies how the cost of corruption in Washington
gets passed on to ordinary Americans, as chair of the Education and Workforce Committee,
he's known as the representative from Sally May.
Sally May is the leading provider of loans to college students and their parents,
and Bainer was consolidated as leadership by dispensing big box raise from lenders
in that campaign and part of contributions.
In fact, the Center for Responsive Politics reports that Sally May is the biggest donor
to Bainer's Political Action Committee called the Freedom Project.
In return, he protects their interest.
Most recently, he helped develop and pushed through legislation
that may weaken the loan industry's competition, the direct student loan program,
where students bypass Sally May to this and borrow directly from the government.
While taking into their competition, Bainer openly reassured bankers
that they would not be harmed greatly by this legislation, as reported in the chronic education,
informed a group of bankers that they could rest easy in his trusted hands.
College tuition is soaring and grant levels aren't keeping up.
Under Bainer's leadership, Congress has refused to raise the top level of pell grants,
despite repeated campaign pledges by Bush to do so.
As a result, more and more students have to work part time while taking on even greater levels of debt to pay for college.
Already millions of having college priced out of their reach, millions more drop out,
unable to sustain the burden of classes and work in debt.
And those who do make it will find the difficult burden of paying those loans just got harder.
The new pre-alreader of the Republicans and Congress is rewarding the bankers
that contribute to his campaigns by protecting their profits and threatening their competition.
And in this most corrupt Congress, he's portrayed as the reformer.
When the stench gets this thick, it's no wonder that people start talking about cleaning the stables.
Get the shovels, guys.
Get the shovels.
Got them?
Oh, I got several.
Good.
Speaking of that, Mizzula Montana.
Everybody in Mizzula?
Frequently.
They're in misery.
Mm-hmm.
Two-legged laws of water-fac-three-hour drive.
Scientists said on Thursday that there's a step closer to what vaccine against the bacteria
that causes one of the world's leading causes of blindness in a commonly common sexually transmitted disease.
Research in the vaccine was stalled 25 years ago,
but recent advances in DNA knowledge have led to a promising candidate for a vaccine against chlamydia trickle-matis,
pretty tricky that chlamydia.
Researchers, howling, cold, rolling, Deborah Crane, said interviews yesterday.
The bacteria causes a sexually transmitted disease chlamydia, which can cause pelvic inflammatory disease in infertility in women.
The bacteria can also cause trachoma and infection of the eyes that can cause blindness, both disease treated with antibiotics.
Caldwell and microbiologist Crane reported in a study released this week that antibodies to one protein may prevent infection.
By all 15 strains of chlamydia, tro-trakamitis, chakamimi.
The study was released by the Rockery Mountain Laboratories of the National Institute of Energy and Infectious Diseases.
Researchers at the Lab in Hamilton, Montana, have been there?
Yes.
Oh, has been conducted in an ever-bending Shelby, though?
Yes.
Oh, don't go back.
All around.
Has been conducted in test tubes.
Test tube!
But well, now we've got animal testing in the scientists said.
Caldwell said animal testing could be complete within two to three years in clinical trials and people within five years.
How do you like that?
Bye-bye, chlamydia.
Maybe.
What's this keeping off the fast machine here?
Uh, new story.
Oh.
Sentomy, new stories?
Did you want that?
Oh, he is so easy, man.
You just, that's a mess.
I wouldn't want to upset Mark who set that up story.
Oh, it's a very bright, bright, all of chronic facts in Mark.
But it will be a very bright, bright story.
What are you trying to tell us, Mark?
I have no life.
Okay.
Let's see that.
You may get some, like, I'm ungrateful for the story.
I'll let you know whether I'm grateful or not.
No, we'll see how good it is.
It says, Judge Slam's SCP-8E, over 9-11.
Oh, I got it.
Oh, what's that other story?
Oh, yeah.
Here we go.
I got to get to that in a minute.
You know, the fact they dragged Cindy Sheen out of there?
Right?
And that the Republican from Florida Congressman's wife?
Publicly to that, man.
A federal judge blasted former EPA chief Christine Todd Whitman on Thursday
for reassuring New Yorkers soon after 9-11, that it was safe to retire to their homes and offices
while toxic dust was polluting the hood.
U.S. District Judge Deborah Batz refused to grant Whitman immunity against the class action lawsuit
brought in 2004 by resident students and workers in Lower Manhattan and Brooklyn,
who said they were supposed to hazardous materials from the destruction of the World Trade Center.
No reasonable person would have thought that telling thousands of people that it was safe to return to Lower Manhattan
while knowing that such return could pose long-term health risk and other dire consequences
was conduct sanctioned by our laws, the judge said.
Fire ash, judge!
She called Whitman's actions conscious shocking, saying the EPA chief knew that the collapse of the twin towers
released tons of hazardous materials into the air.
Okay, just dropped H bombs.
Whitman had no comment.
Justice Department spokesman said the government had no comment.
spokesman, the spokeswoman Mary Mears said the EPA was reviewing the opinion
but it was pleased that the court had dismissed two of four civil claims against the agency,
including allegations brought under the federal superfund law.
The judge liked the lawsuit proceeding against the EPA and Whitman permitting the plaintiffs
to try to prove the agency that it's a administrator in danger of their health.
The lawsuit sees unspecified damages and reimbursement for cleanup costs
and asks the court to order that a medical monitoring fund be set up to track the health
of those exposed to trade-centered dust.
Your government really cares about you.
Is there anybody who believes that?
They care about your welfare, they care about those dangerous drugs, they do.
No, yeah.
Right.
Only drugs they care about are those over the street drugs.
Right.
And they're going to throw your ass away for 20 or maybe even 30 men.
Nobody's going to see you no more.
Here's that story that you were a Jones and four.
Ready?
Ready.
Jeremy Schaehol on common dreams.org asks a 9-11 conspirator and King Bush's court.
While Cindy Sheen was being dragged from the House Gallery moments before President Bush delivered
a state of union dressed for working a t-shirt honoring her son and the other 2244 U.S.
orders killed in Iraq, Turkey Al Faisal was settling into a scene inside the gallery.
Faisal A's Saudi as a man whose middle son had been lawman and his lieutenants,
on least five occasions, describing the outsider leader as a quite a pleasant man.
He met multiple times with Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar, Mullah Omar.
Yet unlike Sheen, Al Faisal was a welcome guest to President Bush tonight.
He's also a man that families more than six out of victims of 9-11 attacks
believe was connected to their loved ones' deaths.
Al Faisal is actually Prince Turkey Al Faisal, a leading member of the Saudi world family
and the Kingdom Square ambassador to the USA.
But the bulk of his career was fed at the home of the feared Saudi intelligence services
from 1977 to 2001.
Last year, the New York Times pointed out that he personally managed re-ad's relations
with Osama Yomama and Mullah Omar of the Taliban.
Anyone else who had dealings with even a fraction of the notorious characters
the princes worked with over the years would never make it past a US immigration counter,
let alone to the most exclusive offices in Washington.
Al Faisal was also named in the trillion dollar lawsuit filed by hundreds of 9-11 victims families
who accused him of funding bin Laden's network.
Curiously, his 10-year-old Saudi intelligence came to an abrupt and unexpected end
10 days before the 9-11 attacks.
Should I read that last sentence again?
Curiously, his 10-year-old Saudi intelligence came to an abrupt and unexpected end
10 days before 9-11 attacks.
Nobody explained the circumstances under which he left his Assad Abu Khalil, author of the battle
of Saudi Arabia, worldly fundamentalism and global power.
We know for sure that he was tasked by the US government back in the late 70s
and under which he assembled a kind of very Muslim fanatical volunteer to help the US and the CIA
in a fight against the Soviet communist regime in Afghanistan.
In the course of doing that, this man is single-handedly most responsible for the kind of menace
that these fanatical groups now pose to the world peace and security.
Yet their Al Faisal set on to the unissased as President Bush spoke of his war on terror
and Cindy Sheen was being booked.
At one point the camera was even pan-directly on Al Faisal listening intently to Bush.
I'm going to do the break and then I'll get back.
I don't want to rush through it.
There might be five people out there who want to hear about it.
I'll go test and get them all pissed off.
We don't have to be pissed off.
We got to the Super Bowl Sunday, maybe.
Football, we got to ball.
See, there's one thing about the US today that's very disturbing is that people are so passive.
We know why I'm at a kind of like our sports guys.
You know why I'm at a one-of-a-one.
No one seems to have a small crew of people.
Back in the 60s when young people started demonstrating everybody else started jumping on the badwagon
and people were riding in the streets and going crazy and getting shot at Kent State.
It's tough like that.
And now it's like, yeah, you got bigger fish to fry.
You got more important craft to worry about in the fried fish.
Yeah, not from Canada though.
113 at 560 WQM.
We got Curtis coming up at 2.00 L.E.K.
from the A.A. Center for the Mayodogged 4.
Panthers in the Atrasia tonight.
It's not too early to be thinking about Valentine's Day and if you really want to spoil your wife or girlfriend this year,
give her what she really wants, a pajama grand.
A pajama grand is a great twist on the idea of giving a relaxing gift.
She'll receive the best pajama delivered in a hat box to your love along with lavender sachet,
a gift card, and a do not disturb sign all free.
Sending a pajama grand only takes minutes, but she'll think you spend a month planning it.
Shop online at pajamagrand.com or call 1-800-GIF-PJs.
Find all the top brands from Company to Sexy.
Great bath and body gifts too.
All that spa stuff that women just love.
Plus the packaging's amazing, she don't have to wrap it.
She'll be so impressed you won't believe what you're going to get in return.
A pajama grand is the perfect gift and best of all, they'll think of you every time she puts them on.
Shop now and have your pajama grand delivered overnight or run on Valentine's Day.
Just call 1-800-GIF-PJs or do it online at pajamagrand.com.
That's pajamagrand.com and be sure and tell them that old ancient neoluskikinat,
beyond ancient style, sent you by 1-800-GIF-PJs.
This is Neologeris.
This is 5-16-Q-A-S.
You're fair.
In a place that feels just like a maddy, I do too.
It's like a dress with dress that drains every week you live.
It's not a free dessert for the day.
It feels like a dress with dress that drains every week you live.
Who knows what's going to happen to Valentine?
It's girls that don't wear pants that don't wear a hat.
I don't tell a hat that won't take your pants because it's only a drag, filled with sad.
Welcome.
We're doing a hell of a job at M-Tallopan, man.
It's a nice of a colon politic in that $23 million check in May of 2001, wasn't it?
Mighty White of it.
Nice job, boys.
Aipoppy.
Anyway, getting back to this story from common dreams that work about Turkey, Al Faisal, a real Turkey,
who was sitting there on a spada s applaud in your president on Tuesday night.
The 9-11 families lost to the charges that Al Faisal secretly traveled to the southern Afghan city of Kandahar.
Twice in 1998, where he met with Bin Laden's representatives, and Taliban leaving Mullah Omar, Mullah Bullah Omar.
Based on Swart testimony from Taliban intelligence chief Mullah Kashgar, whatever his name is,
lawsuit claimed that Al Faisal allegedly received assurances that Al Qaeda would not use,
the infrastructure in Afghanistan to subvert the royal family's control of the Saudi government.
In return, cornered the lawsuit, the Saudis promised not to seek Bin Laden's extradition or the closing of his training bases.
Al Faisal also allegedly promised Mullah Omar financial assistance.
Shortly after the meetings, the Saudis reportedly shipped the Taliban for her new pickup trucks.
According to the London observer, Kashgar also said that Al Faisal arranged for donations to be made directly to Al Qaeda
and bin Laden by a group of wealthy Saudi binismen.
Mullah Kashgar is, that's his name, by the way, K-A-S-H-R.
Mullah Kashgar is Swart statement implicates Prince Turkey as the facilitator of these money transfers
in support of the Taliban Al Qaeda and international terrorism, according to lawsuit.
I heck up a guy.
Heck up a job, Turkey.
Al Faisal does not deny he traveled with Afghanistan in 98 from Idris with Mullah Omar,
but it's just that it was a convey in a official Saudi request to extradite Osama Yamama.
Al Faisal has a long history in Afghanistan.
He worked closely in the 80s with both the CIA and the Mujahadin that would later form both Al Qaeda and the Taliban.
Ultimately, a judge dismissed the nine London families lawsuit against Al Faisal in his cohorts,
saying U.S. courts like jurisdiction over the matter, but many of those families firmly believe that Al Faisal was connected to the attacks that killed their loved ones.
The obvious question is, how does the President justify the objection of a gold star mother from the State of the Union,
while openly welcoming a man believe by hundreds of victims' families to be connected to the attack,
Bush uses to justify every shred of his violent policies.
During his speech Bush said that prior to the attacks of September the 11th of our government failed to connect the dots of the conspiracy,
perhaps he should have just looked over his wife's shoulder up there in the gallery during the State of the Union, as if he didn't know.
That one line, curiously, his tenure as head of the Saudi intelligence came to an abrupt and unexpected end,
just 10 days before the 9-11 attacks.
Man, start connecting them dots.
What's dots?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, you're not going to see no boobies at halftime Sunday.
The Janet Jackson ripple effect, or it should be that it should be ripple effect,
but I think it should be Janet Jackson nipple effect.
Has finally come around to the game that started all Sunday Super Bowl,
be on a five-second tape delay pre-game post-game and halftime show.
Got that?
Got it.
ABC has had the same five-second land smudding their football broadcast, but this will be a first for the big game.
Kondra Wenfell spokesman Brian McCarthy, the decision to delay the Super Bowl was entirely up to ABC,
which delays other live entertainment programming.
When in doubt,
f*** it out.
Joyce it out.
F*** didn't delay its broadcast the game last year,
however telling CBS News at the time it was treating the broadcast as a news event.
The halftime performer was Paul McCartney,
while an old toad like Paul McCartney, he ain't got a whip-nothing up, you know.
CBS proudly wishes that delayed the game the year before that.
However, when Jackson revealed that halftime the 2004 contest
helped prompt the ensuing worldwide-scale tape delays of live programming,
when the system, the FCC, the season that bonoes,
F-word on the live Golden Globes was in decent.
Well guess what, F-them.
The delay gives monitors a chance to bleep audio or stint video
that might offend viewers or legislators.
Oh, we sure don't want to offend the legislators.
Right, there.
The Super Bowl halftime show this year features another British rocker,
Mick Jagger and the Rolling Stones, who've already run a follow-up of the ABC football content controllers.
Jagger got bleeped for language on ABC,
and two occasions when the Stones performed a kickoff of the NFL season in September.
But Mick and Mickie have been tight this year with Monday Night Football,
working the Stone songs into NFL, broadcast and promos.
Mick and Mickie.
According to a radio news report of an interview with Jagger,
when asked about the halftime content, he joked that ABC was worried about how many times he would say the F-word.
One shamed an voice that sounded like a bandmate.
He also went and that the network was worried about Yeritha Franklin stripping during the start.
Oh, God!
During the star-spangled banner, there will be a scene, may I be able to talk about.
Indecency.
Elsewhere on in the Indecency Bowl,
front the Christian Coalition is making the marking of the Second anniversary of the Jan Jackson reveal,
and by loudly complaining that no-bill boosting Indecency finds or tightening FCC enforcement as he has to pass.
The Christian Coalition, who've decided that there are censors for all of us.
Another group of self-holy, like a focus on the family and the appearance of whatever the thing is,
PTC.
Given ABC's delay, at least the Coalition is likely to see a repeat performance,
coalescing President Roberto Tom's opine in a statement that her congressional advice had not been followed.
A bill by Representative Fred Upton of Michigan, which boosts the Republican course,
which boosts the fines from maximum 32-5 per violation of a half-a-million passed easily in the House.
But a similar bill is in the cooling saucer of the Senate, authored by Republican Sam Brownbacker,
Kansas, a certifiably crazy person, has not gotten any traction.
That's in part because the bipartisan backing of the bill has slipped a bit as little,
so the threat of censorship of edu content, even some conservatives in the general populist pooled,
realizing that a different political majority might threaten to speak that they were in favor.
I get that rush limbo, that piled up in 20 fat ass off the air.
Stuff like that.
Funny, a very seldom see moderate or liberal screaming,
oh, get so-and-so off the air, you know?
Even if they hit them like poison.
Right, even if they were reluctant.
All these goody-touches are so much better for us.
Oh, it's obscene. Get it off. We don't like it.
Well, you know what? Don't watch it. Get lost.
How much of a sports nerd are you? We got about 1,000 votes.
1028. It's not even 130 yet. Aren't you just shocked?
Yeah, whatever.
You're not just don't care anymore. You don't care about sports.
I work here. Don't care about the poll. Don't care about the fact we kicked assos at all losers on the street.
Of course, why should you be being different from anybody else?
I do. I knew we would kick ass once you started beating on it.
I didn't know by how much though.
I didn't know it would be so over.
7,531 vote margin.
How much of a sport nerd are you? I'm a fan out of nerd 335.
I have some interest, but not big time, 297.
I hate everybody, 95. Total nerd. Total sports, 150. Get help, please.
I have no interest, 46. I love the shower of the guys, 46.
That sounds interesting, all depending on the guys.
Not the football players. I hate this poll 45.
I hate spectatorsport 39. Only for gambling purposes 26.
I only watch one sport 24.
I'm a joxton for 13. Is there anything else besides sports? 12.
Good cross section nerds and excellent poll. Thank you for a wonderful job.
And you even added some crap. Not my right.
56670560. Pound 560. Leave a rise in singular wireless line.
And look at that phone. Well, that's because I've been rambling on for a very long time.
Maybe we're done on the phone, you think?
Well, we'll send the laykits off though. You'll see it. 30 seconds.
How many? 530, man.
I think we got like 730 minute delays, which makes like 210 seconds,
which last time I checked that, so was it? About 3 1 1 2 minutes.
See? There you go.
How many QA and hello?
Yes. I was wondering. There was a lot of poll the other day.
And it was about I think closed restaurants that were really good.
And someone said the my card that it was closed.
No, and somebody started that room where you see,
you know, and my card is not closed. Siller.
Yeah, I talked about this one. I'm having a favorite today.
As for listeners that are interested, there's a half hour.
Your second drink is free.
And they have some I think 5 to 6 or 4 to 5.
You have 5 to 6 or 5?
Uh-huh.
So I thought it was in the bar. I thought it was my...
What did they do to specials this week?
I don't know.
Okay, listen, I hope they give you a 50% off anyway for your efforts.
Well, thank you very much.
Thanks. Bye-bye.
She all worked. There she was.
She's just trying to be helpful.
Right away, you don't question her integrity, her motivation.
No wonder your wife hates you like poison.
My God, your relationships with women are sorely lacking.
Yeah, that's right. They're lacking.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
W2A and Hello.
Look at your number, for example.
Look at that band relationship there. Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon. Listen, I've been working on it like crazy.
I haven't been missing you here for the last year.
Did anybody ever call and tell you about your room?
What about them?
Well, the guy I was listening on the...
There's no way for you to say that we're wondering about his condition
because nobody said anything for a while about him.
Well, I was listening to the radio yesterday.
I think it was a IOD and they had a news report that the doctors...
You're going to love this.
The doctors had inserted a tube, a feeding tube in the tube.
That's exactly a heath and a coma.
And they said that even if he goes come out of the coma,
he's probably not going to be able to speak or...
Exactly.
So like I said, I was the same way.
I hadn't heard anything about him.
Well, there should keep it in pretty quiet. I'll tell you that.
So, anyway, I thought you'd...
You know, it's how they were like hyperventilating.
Every time he farted, they gave us the aroma there for a couple of days.
Now they got off of that and we don't know from nothing.
Well, thanks for the good news, Palli.
Okay, and I don't know if they're going to remove the feeding tube or not.
Tube!
Well, I'm sure that Phantas Governor Borsch will get involved in it.
He'll take care of it.
Thanks a lot.
Have a nice weekend.
You too. In fact, the governor has begun the...
Tube! Governor!
And we'd like to tell him where to stick it.
27 after 1, I'll tell you where to go for a fantastic meal.
Terrastec house, boy.
Lucky that we got it in South Florida now.
Would you live near downtown Florida or not?
It's worth a trip no matter where you are because Terrastec and Laughter
has on the 17th Street Causeway is unbelievable.
You'll find them.
Terrastec will be there, by the way.
Almost didn't give a night she greets the guests in a new 200 seat restaurant and
allowed.
And she's now bringing the East Coast residents to the same fantastic food,
the same great teradining experience which earned her Marco Island restaurant
near perfect marks in the Zagat survey and a wine-sauce.
The Inspectorate Award of Excellence Wine list with now boast over
380 selections from the world's greatest wine regions.
Try the wine.
The main attraction of terrastec and lobster, as always,
just like the name would suggest to you,
fantastic juicy steak and delicious mouthwatering lobster,
although you'll find job with everything on the menu from the
Konyak and Fuse lobster bisque to mom's classic crab cakes,
their selection of fresh seafood and chops too.
Regarding the many as the Peter Luber of the South,
Terran corporate family recipes to complete the menu.
Sausage and dressings made fresh in-house every day,
hand-selected dry-aged short loins used to prepare their signature
porterhouse for one, two, three, or four are served cut away from the bone on a
sizzling platter they melt in your mouth.
Sweet and tender's the only way to describe terrastec's
found main lobster collection, which are prepared steamed,
boiled, stuffed with lump crab meat or with a filet for the ultimate surf and turf,
whatever you like them.
And now being stone crab season, terad is quickly becoming the stone crab house as well.
No need to fight traffic to go to Miami to get those jumbo sweeties,
but be sure and reserve them in advance because they go fast.
Don't miss Terras happy hour of your Monday through Friday with two for one
specialty rinks or their complimentary wine tasting every Thursday from 530 to
730 when you stay around for dinner.
Terrastec in lobster house you'll fight them at 1430,
Southeast 17th Street, Causeway and Fort Lauderdale.
You're going to love this place called Terras at 954,
765, 6202, or on the web, it's terrastec in lobsterhouse.com.
Don't forget when the subject is great stake,
you'll keep hearing about Terras all the time because more and more people are
going to discover this is the place.
954, 765, 6202.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560, QA.
It's Friday, you bastard.
If anybody has a finger,
they're sending from our way.
They're placing a name into the sea now.
And send a me of justice.
Don't even bother to question.
Just follow what they say.
Everybody's sending passes.
passes USA.
In the act of patriotism,
you're watching all of you.
Everyone got the citizenship.
So why can't you?
These kinds of corporations,
under your mightless rules,
in which power the nation passes USA.
You gotta hate those rules.
And Clinton give our rules to
believe everything we tell you.
And the state run new.
Blood war and war are gone red.
Build up your heads, come day.
A roof and chainy who's dead.
That's as USA.
We don't like to see our cops roll
about the time of these rules.
We're fascinated by chains.
Don't be no stupid rules.
All that was in the sea,
the fact that's arid-tied way.
Oh, and everybody's turning passes.
I guess USA.
I'm going to say maybe a lot of these hysterical Muslims
all pissed off about them comics.
Maybe they need like anger management course.
You know, that's not a bad idea.
Every time I'm an ex-jogs or a current jogs
and it goes and beats up his girlfriend or wife or both.
Maybe he needs anger management.
That's a great way.
All the sports nerds always say that crap.
Nice cop-up.
Let's have some gigantic anger management courses
for the Muslims.
We can put them like on TV.
Give them all a big screen to sit around and walk.
And then throw in some magic carpets too.
You make it fun of our flying carpets?
No, I wish I had one.
Say we had a lot of money in them, damn plane trips.
You don't need a flying carpet.
That's true.
You're fairing.
Wittenberg, Wisconsin.
Authorities had no trouble locating the suspect
after getting called by the pedestrian attacking
to moving cars.
He was one with no clothes on.
Well, he said the first complaint came in about 9.30
and he suggested him morning after a woman encountered a naked man on a road.
As she drove around him, he charged the vehicle,
hit the right fender and jumped on the hood,
smashing the windshield and breaking off the passenger side mirror authority
said.
It doesn't say what he hit the vehicle with.
He slid off and was lying on the road,
but he got up into a football-type stance
and charged the second vehicle as the approach to damaging a fender.
A football-type stance, you know, like squatting.
Right.
Huh?
He was doing the squats, I guess.
I don't know what else they would be talking about.
I got into squatting.
Yeah, that's what we heard.
He then opened the door.
It climbed in and sat down.
An ambulance got to the scene ahead of Sheriff's Deputies.
Had no trouble with the mansargent Stabler Cook said.
The 42-year-old man was taken for medical treatment
and psychological assessment.
His name was not released.
The motor's from my name.
Not there, though.
Maybe he's just going out to get a new wardrobe,
which I need badly, you know.
How's my wardrobe coming, by the way?
When I stopped and think about the way you were talking about Roger MacGerlin
and the Japanese that we're going to be reading every day.
On my baggy-st pants day, I had nothing to get every day.
No, I can never even come close.
I never get into the, I don't know what he wore,
colon-wise or perfume-wise, but he sure wore a lot of it.
Too much of it.
Yeah.
Well, we've been through that thing.
I know some people that, you know, I like to always say
it's one thing to smell good, but it's such a thing
it's smelling too good.
Like the crow, for example, you know.
A little casual, murebocane, all that bad, but the whole can,
I don't think so.
5670560, Tom 560, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
The big news is we kicked some big juicy ass and even bigger news.
You know something, I'm not surprised.
Nothing surprises me.
You just wait till that March 1st 30th anniversary shows only.
Let's see, it's only 28 days in February this year because it's not leap year.
So we got 25 more days this month, so it means like 26 days.
Less than four weeks.
Then they're going to put a, then they're going to put on the rifts.
You know what I mean?
Lies and crackers.
I'll bet.
It's going to be like, I'm telling you, like ticker tape parades.
They're going to be coming in and we're like all kinds of costumes.
On bands.
All the dancing girls like in the Godfather there, take your pick.
Most of them will look like the water Nazi, but nevertheless.
5670560, Tom, they're just the blivis.
You're right.
We're in a different world.
And why do I, this is a promise.
Please.
No, no, I'm never going to say it again.
I accept it.
I understand.
I don't like it.
And that's why they pretended to get that email.
Because you know, that would require addressing that issue when it's never going to change.
We are here and you are there.
You understand?
We are here.
David Moll.
Yeah.
And you?
Deputy QIAM.
Hello.
George, it's not your fucking fan.
Deputy QIAM.
Hello.
Afternoons, sir.
Yes, sir.
First of all, two things.
I just printed that article that you just read about.
Good old princes.
Princess, nice to meet you.
Yeah.
I'm going to give it to a few folks at work that we're talking about.
Cindy the other day.
Oh, really?
And you know, her.
And she actually has a nerve to words.
Yeah.
And her horrible meeting with Shab is, you know, because down here if you meet with Shab is your
automatic reading.
But that's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Second is, I don't know if you, if you guys saw this story, but I was reading earlier that,
the Hamas is putting on their own TV channel.
Maybe they could run the repentant Shiite or whatever that go by.
There you go.
That was it.
That was my thought.
Thanks a lot, Pat.
See ya.
Oh, there you go.
There's like a real caller with a real brain.
How do you like that?
I'm going to print it out that story about Turkey al-Faisal.
Man.
And of course, you know what we got to do with turkeys because they are kind of a bird.
Get them before they get us.
Too late now in his case, I guess, huh?
A little bit.
Let me say it.
Saudi Arabia.
That's what we need to be doing when Obama grabbed it.
Saudi Arabia.
They should have gone there and hooked up their gigantic.
The oil and said, all you ragheads get out of here.
Now the party's over.
Get lost.
We're getting divorced.
But no.
And of course, why would they do that?
Because they're in business.
That's right.
There's a lot of money in that black cell.
We attack their rival.
Their enemy instead.
Don't get all whipped up about it.
It'll be very, very big.
And then I'll start regressing back into this thing about who did moe.
Who did moe?
1961 votes on our poll today.
We're emotional.
We're so excited about what's happening this week.
Over the top.
WNQYM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
All right.
I know how much you like South Florida's flying company.
In other words, AK, the police department.
Yeah.
If you want to see a second on Channel 4, which shows how they get them all around us,
they do this investigative report where they go in.
And the guys basically have to come up against an officer's department.
And they go to the 30th department to South Florida.
He goes in and asks for a form to file a complaint.
The 38th department's only three out of actual form.
Everyone else basically wants to world.
You have to go through these channels and you've got to do that.
I think some of them, if you go in and make a complaint, they just respond like that real quick.
Well, the funny thing about the whole thing is you should see how the guy goes in and just gets some really roundup.
To the point where one officer actually escorted him off the property almost at gunpoint.
It was amazing thing.
It was like 4 or 5 different officers from this department.
It's like really amazing how they get all round up.
Well, thank God there are no bad cops, man.
Thank God for that.
I hope there will be some real problems, multiple things.
And thank God.
All right. Have a good one.
And when it comes to pick up, speaking of law, 140, 20 until 2.
We got Curtis Stevenson and 2.
We got the revolving Moa slide.
You know Moa had a revolving slide?
Good God.
Yeah, that's why he got all in my well.
Any case.
Is that who he is so he can sit and spin?
Okay.
Oh, sit and spin is not the game you played in Monte Carlo.
Sit and spin over at the casino.
Any case at the Yentheson, at 4 o'clock, you all whipped up for that big hockey game.
I would imagine we were talking about the stupid bowl, probably.
Panther PV with 7 with the Jesse Agler, I'm sure, am I right?
Okay.
I don't know. What about Josh?
Josh, no.
What?
And then the Panthers and the Thrashers, 7, 30, Lenny and Troy, Lenny and Martez and Troy.
See, it's not all the way outside the rest of the building.
Now it's the generating inside their own studio now.
Why should we care more than they do?
That's true.
They don't care. We don't care.
I don't like that.
We can match you for a difference.
How do you like that?
Yamama.
You think you've seen apathy?
Yeah. We can be a thousand.
I'm just going to pray that a hundred years gone by.
I think every day for four hours.
Oh, good God.
And still get a bigger number than you.
And would you have that?
19.02 at QAM with...
Absolutely.
Who smells the devil?
I go away from my car.
Who was your subtle girl that kept me so far?
I blame others for its me that so far.
Another one's coming from my back.
I listen to my heart.
My ass she's spreading through.
Listen to my heart.
The sweet smell of my food.
You don't want your smelly.
But it's great to me.
Listen to my heart.
And it was an espy-dee.
Yeah, we can smell them.
We can sniff them.
We just can't hear them.
That's what it's all about.
Well, at least that's something.
14.02 at QAM.
Anti-caster radio commentator Armando Perez-Rurua.
How do you say that?
R-O-U-R-A?
R-O-U-R-A?
R-O-R-U-R-A?
What is it?
R-O-A?
No, not A. There's no A.
Oh, sorry.
And why did I ask you?
Just to describe the leftist interviews of Cuban dissidents
Oscar Espinoza Cipi.
But Espinoza things that didn't stop Perez-Rurua
from plagiarizing one of his articles.
According to the letter that Espinoza wrote from Havana,
Perez-Rurua copied most of the columny road in September.
Word for word from a columnist that wrote 40s before.
The copycat twists up his time when the older first generation of exiles and younger opposition members on the island are trying to reconcile the respective roles in a post-castor of Cuba in a climate
tensed equally with the spirit of cooperation and mistrust.
Espinoza was one of 75 opposition members routed up by Cuban security agents in 2003 and convicted in Swiss summary trials.
He was released from prison for medical reasons in late 2004 and continues reporting as an independent urinalist.
On September 14th, Espinoza published an article entitled,
El Final de la Industria, the end of an industry.
Oh, why?
I said burp.
About the demise of Cuba's sugar production, four days later, the Miami-based Spanish language daily, the other lost Americans published,
Perez-Roea was seen as a car in a wild place.
Well, am I doing a fine job in reading the esponial man?
Asuka.
I'm very important.
It's not Azuka.
What are you saying?
You said, you say Azuka all the time.
Azuka.
Oh, the WIPI.
Look better.
I thought I was doing a good job reading this and then you start with that fixed stuff for a run.
Azuka.
You're going to start with that Cedia cruise crap again.
We're going to have to go back to that.
I am Cedia cruising and I am getting out.
I got a real number one eye with the light.
I will need to do it any way.
Whether to wear it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not a fact.
She's the one that says Azuka.
Right.
These are looked up like esses for what it's worth.
What?
Azuka.
Rower.
To my surprise, this work coincided with one of mine as for those who wrote it in January
and on the editor of the other or lots of medical and Kubanet.
The US government subsidized website that published Espoir Zara until that's Kubanet.
See, that's what happens when you get stuck in the thinking you were getting real fancy
with Espoir.
Kubanet, not Kubanet.
Jesus, one of you.
I have a cabinet.
Yeah.
That's what I heard.
I feel an elemental fairness.
If the worst investigations of other authors are used, at least they should be credited
out appropriately.
An examination by the hero series that more than three-fourths of Ferez Rawer's column published
in February 18th, about 500 or 660 words were an exact copy of Espoinoses and the column
doesn't credit or set Espoin on an issue.
Oh, but it won't be a mama.
Azuka.
And thank God in a sense of one or two.
So there's no excuse for my very bad Espoinul.
It really is.
Thank God.
That's a good excuse.
No, I don't.
I just like you don't care about the Super Bowl.
I don't care about the Spigot and Pony.
I could care less.
I don't think you'd have enough trouble spigotting waste.
We got a 174 votes on that pool today.
How much of a sports nerd are you?
No predictions on the Super Bowl.
Now who are you rooting for?
George Sinsa Steelers.
I'm not going to watch it.
I'm not going to watch it.
I'm not going to watch it.
These are root for Seahawks.
Just a first off Josh.
Because you can't believe that anybody who even has a minimal interest in sports.
But it is true that a lot of people who are just very, very minimally interested, whether
it's the World Series, and I watch a baseball game all year long, but it's a happening
so they watch the World Series.
See?
Yeah, it's like something to do.
You know, it's a big habit.
It's an event.
It's value-hood and something to do and yada yada, all the other crap.
And of course, the Super Bowl is number one in that category.
Now, let's stand and cup finals.
Does anybody care about that outside?
No.
South of the border?
No.
Unless their team is in it.
Nobody cares.
Panthers in the thrashers night should be, I don't know.
At least the thrashers score a lot of goals.
I can tell you that.
Exciting team.
Go out there and just, because I heard a rumor that the Hurricanes, you know, they had
to have that new on campus, Arena.
Somebody had to went to a game.
What did they play Wake Forest Wednesday night?
Yeah, they said it was, the Wake Park was correct.
Because the Arena, they don't want to build it too big to make it look embarrassing with
like thousands of empty seats, so they only made 7,000 seats.
And he said, well, it might have made me 3,000 people there.
Maybe.
So what was the need for that?
Other than, of course, this concept that we have to have a state of mind and arena on
every street corner to make this fourth-nord champion?
Well, you know, it'll bring more people to sports.
That's correct.
WDQYM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to tell you that I'm not here listening to you every day.
Oh, good.
And your great company and George is good too.
And one more thing I like when you do the balance for life commercials and you call people
fat cows.
That's funny.
Well, listen, it takes one to know one.
That's what I always say.
It's funny though.
Have a great day.
Have a great day, Jorge.
You too.
Well, thank you.
Bye-bye.
Well, we are fat cows.
Well, I'm not, maybe like a small cow.
I'm working on it.
Are you really?
That's what I'm trying to call you.
Well, 91 on the scale is more not bad for me, but the only bad news about that.
I'm so sorry she brought up about the wait.
Because I smelled at a Romeo.
You know, I just put me in a food coma.
I got to have pasta, man.
Not a good idea.
Oh, there's a hero choppers in Fidel hugging and kissing him.
I'll kiss him while I'm flying.
Yeah.
Well, whatever.
The whole world is full of crooks.
It's all I can tell you.
At any rate, maybe just a can of Frank or American with a slice of Swiss cheese melted.
I'm not going to do that.
That's like about a once every five year kind of.
Oh, yeah, don't do it.
Why?
You don't you never had it, but nevertheless it sounds bad.
So I was going to actually do that.
I already had it.
You know what it's all about.
So the you know onward and upward.
Okay.
12.
What is it?
12.
151.
Oh, I know.
I'm scared to play to me.
I looked at their clock and for distance.
I thought this can't be happening.
Wow.
It's been it's been a very high pressure week.
High energy on the show.
We single handedly kicked the crap out of the guys that the rest of the stage you should
have been dealing with.
You should have been confronting them head to head, but no.
We don't want to.
And we don't want to.
See it's that ostrich attitude.
If we just don't talk about it in the go away.
They don't want to see.
They don't even know.
They don't want to participate.
They don't want to like stand up for themselves.
Like a man like Marlon Brando said.
Don't you remember?
And the godfather went out and he was like, oh, I don't know what to do.
You could ask like a man.
What's the matter of you?
We don't want.
So we did it.
Final vote on it pulled by the way.
It was WQAM 10,543.
And so 90 to take it.
2012.
We beat it by 7531 by more than three to one.
So who the hell are they can, Alan Brown?
You can set up all the emails.
All of them.
I wasn't actually going to Joe Rose for bringing that email over.
So really inspired me yesterday.
And that's going to do.
We still love this.
I say Joe Rose, two to four.
Hey, that was good.
And then I know who could.
I could know who could feel his morning slot over there.
To to to to.
Man.
That would be sweet.
153 and 560 WQM the F.
Right.
You first.
15.
We got Curtis sitting by and he'll be along in the rotating slide.
How's it feel to be in a rotating slide?
Oh, it's a spin.
Is it really?
It's a blind.
Is it like a free spin?
Reason.
Of course, you never played real a fortune.
You never played the slots at all.
Why do we keep going over this?
I played the slots a lot.
I won money at it like a 150 bucks when I was in Vegas.
I'm confused with Josh.
Must have been.
But you never played real a fortune.
I would rather play Blackjack.
I I don't remember what I was playing when I was in Vegas.
Well, that's better than what I was playing.
Whatever was.
Maybe was a.
Baaaamn.
Sevens.
It could have been.
And then they got.
I walk right by them.
And then of course now they got all these computerized games with these.
What would you like digital?
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Oh, I like digital.
I have no idea how those things even work.
I don't want to go into it.
Anyway, in the prize war combat, I want to get this in.
This is in the British online sun.
Two lesbian soldiers have become the first army gays to get wed.
The sun can reveal its WED.
Private Sonja Gold 19 in Vanessa Haydock, 18th grad,
and other new civil laws in the UK.
Vanessa based in Halavington, Wilts said it was wonderful to get married.
And being the first was the being the first to get married was the icing on the cake.
We want to be together forever, if you said.
Boy, if you saw these two with a real short, tight area, you know, the real,
real, butch, in fact, almost ball.
Now that I look at this, well, they just got out of the military, right?
I see.
And Sonja told us she couldn't wait to tell them that when Vanessa proposed after they fell for each other while training.
I don't know what they were training for, but I'll tell you.
The pair, both private and world logistics core,
a core married under new civil partnership laws and the audio audio.
So there you go, man, couple of really, and you know something?
What's wrong with dice, huh?
Nothing.
There you go.
They're great.
That's our, remember, I like Ike?
Well, what's wrong with I like dice?
That's everybody get a little button in a sticker, right?
You go, go.
Listen, ghost dealers or ghost seahorse, whatever you want.
And we'll be watching this something else.
Bye, bye, bye.
