Oh, I'm happy for him to him too.
Ah, I'm sure he's got the Raidle spinning everywhere.
No, Raidles aren't on the forum.
Oh.
Wrong holiday.
Home in Toshin.
You better get your stuff straight down, Mr. Why do I hear that echo?
That's bad.
Do you hear that?
No, what is that all about?
I don't know.
How come we're getting the echo in here boys?
Boys?
You hear it?
No.
I do.
Real bad.
How's that all about?
Second.
Well, anyway, the Home in Toshin' question is, do you eat the real good ones, the soft ones
with the poppy seeds or do you eat the real good ones?
They're not related.
What?
Home in Toshin'.
Get out of here.
Yes, because you never had the real ones.
We had the dog.
Our fraternity dog was named Home in Toshin'.
Now that the Villa deli's out of business, you're probably not going to get them either.
They have those little hard triangle ones that are like rocks.
Yeah.
Only the Orthodox, the Haseedim like those.
Yeah, never liked them.
Because they got rocks for brains.
So what's going on with the echo again, by the way?
So did I, as a matter of fact.
Yeah.
Do you know I went there last night on a sperm of the moment to see, and I never ever go
on a Sunday.
And I just sat around and thought, I have a feeling, you know?
And show enough.
I got the hot machine, man.
Although I discovered that you're making women don't say machine.
They say machine.
It's a good machine.
Yeah.
But the man say machine, man.
You got to get a ride.
A good machine.
Have a lot of you making women that find a slot?
Yeah, yes they do.
As a matter of fact, and they're equally annoying.
I mean, you have no idea.
You can't even begin to imagine.
Neil, by the way, just in your honor.
Yeah.
I took a hammering at the Seminole over the weekend.
Well, what are you going there for?
Because it's only place you can play the wheel around here, man.
No, that's you're not playing the wheel.
You know that.
I know.
But it's got the wheel.
It's driving me in.
Oh, wheel, man.
I got a bliterated.
Well, it gets you up.
So I got 1,500 on the wheel twice last night within about 20 minutes on the line.
I don't like that.
I got 1,000 on the wheel.
Then I got 400.
How do you like that?
I'm done.
Then I went to the guy next to me.
His machine was hot.
His machine.
He left.
I put in a few coins.
I got, I put in nine coins.
The third player got a spin 400.
I collected all my goodies and ran out of there.
Oh, good night.
So I went over and lost.
I made it and then some.
Oh, yeah.
I had a very good weekend actually.
Oh, good.
It's about time.
Yeah.
That's for Northwest, right?
Welcome to gambling 101.
This is us.
Yeah.
Now we got all the vascular.
The office pool on the date that we decide who's going to be on from two to four.
This is getting really ponderous.
I don't think it's a little bit.
I mean, it's the middle of March already.
You don't have to take these scuces of already worn out.
You want to make sure you find the right person.
Yeah, right.
Well, what year is that going to happen?
Let's see.
We got bow and bow and guilty.
And we got the ball game on Thursday.
Oh, what time of the hurricane's on again, please.
That was good.
And then guilty Friday.
No Curtis due to four this week.
They can have bad moves there.
Too much guilty.
How about those panthers?
How about the panthers?
Yeah.
Panthers are on fire.
And does anybody care?
No.
No, absolutely not.
Are they going to make the playoffs?
No.
You know, a lot of those games that they blew those that they lost in the last seconds early
in the season.
Remember, they were doing that every day?
Yeah.
They were going to wish they would have had some of those points that they blew when
come to the end of the season.
Do you know that the playoffs, if they go all the way through, they're going to end
in July, the Stanley Cup playoffs in July?
Well, who now wants to see hockey in July?
And of course, in South Florida, who wants to see it in March?
We're baseball.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm taking a pool on your marlins today.
I know you're a big fan.
Yeah.
The overrunner on Marlins for wins this year is 62.
Get out of here.
That's it.
Well, that having been said, you want to hear my poll?
Sure.
Where do you go at any Marlins game this season?
We do this every year because every year there seems to be another crisis.
Maybe a couple of 118.
I'll pack up the sandwiches and move already 116.
No, they screwed the fans again, 96.
I hate baseball, no, 63.
And I'm looking to do it so far.
Yes, I'll go to several games, 25.
I hate this pool 12 and season ticket older 8 out of 439.
So you put the negatives together and you got overwhelming, like about 75%.
I mean, I don't think there'll be even though we used to have a guy that said, you don't
want to live in a top major league, in a place without major league baseball.
We do.
But we do.
And we have minor league baseball, calm itself.
And of course, long before there any Marlins, we got along just fine somehow.
I don't know.
Long before he came.
I didn't expect it to sound, but we were doing just fine.
What?
I didn't know it.
Isn't that right?
I didn't start it today.
It's got nothing to do with it started.
It's got to do with the conversation about the Marlins.
He's the only one I used to that I ever heard say that.
You don't want to live in a market that doesn't have major league baseball.
And of course, the obvious question is why?
Why?
Well, you just don't.
That's a nice little guard.
You know what?
Los Angeles gets along very well without a football team.
Yeah.
Thanks for the ride.
Somehow, there is light.
What is that with Alaska?
So does the Buca, where the hell is the Buca?
Well, I don't know if they get along there or not.
So does the Moine, Iowa.
So does Omaha, Nebraska.
They get along just fine.
They ain't got any of that stuff.
They have the college world.
They don't have a racetrack anymore.
Ax Sarban.
Yep.
But we would leave it to Nebraska to name a racetrack where they name it the state backwards.
What a...
Yeah, Ax Sarban.
I mean, all these places you're mentioned, I'm not sure.
You're not exactly making a case for no baseball.
What do you mean by that?
Well, Pittsburgh's got major league baseball.
You want to go there?
No.
I risk my case.
Well, if you're going to say you can live without baseball, find a place that doesn't have
one that you want to live in.
Well, we got the blue jazze, is that count?
Yeah.
I don't know what counts in the blue.
Well, Las Vegas doesn't have baseball.
I can live there.
There you go.
Reno doesn't have it.
Right.
Tahoe doesn't have it.
Exactly.
Woodbine doesn't have it.
What?
What do you laugh at about that?
That's the beast laughing.
Oh, I could tell.
I know.
He's smirked when he's trying to cover up the fact.
Now, how much did you lose?
Do you want to give us a dollar amount?
I don't talk about it.
Come on.
Just give us a dollar amount.
Was it three figures or four?
No, no, no, no.
Come on.
I'm not like you, man.
Three figures.
Oh, what was that?
Oh, that's not gambling.
That's dittling around.
He probably paying the quarters.
You'd love Woodbine, man.
They got a whole bunch of nickel and penny.
I hate to break up this GA meeting.
Did they tell you I got to do some interviews this year?
They didn't tell me that.
Oh.
I'm getting the old brush off here today.
He's got to do some interviews.
You're a last person I would brush off.
Some Jewish athletes.
Are they?
Some of those Jewish jockies like Gary Cohen and David Cohen.
Yeah, I was going to say of a Jewish athlete.
So it'll be a short subject.
No, a Jewish jockies.
That's a short subject.
Now, how come there's like a whole bunch of Jewish harness racing drivers, but there's
no Jewish jockies other than David Cohen?
Yeah.
Can you name me another one ever?
Walter Blum.
Walter Blum, very good.
Who was a, isn't he dead?
He was a, what?
Walter's alive.
He said, Judge.
Is he still a judge?
No.
He's retired, but he's probably just as well.
He might have a little job these days.
Well, listen, go do your interviews because I got a lot of fish to fry here today.
Okay.
I'm going to pour him.
I'm going to pour him a lot of home in touch.
Where's the tape of the lady?
Happy pour him.
I got it here.
I'm going to start the show with it.
Don't like, you know, I'm going to have to see you here.
I'll play it for you next time.
All right.
Happy pour him.
There he is.
Yeah.
See ya.
You too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a person that's cars never been told about.
You can be singed in Drunken Hurlan.
ordinate only wait but Cha200 be're using the music you've been
been chili b turns 2m.
Yes.
You didn't give know by sensibility Civil and taking the
issue suffering from possibly你说 me.
right really good for the ratings not but who cares right I mean if we have to
choose between the ratings and get locked right we'll slack it oh speaking of
that they're killing a man like crazy and then Iraq here's more good news from
over there Iraqi bloodshed shed what is it I better not have to dump myself
again right at the beginning of the show like last week remember that on Friday
that's right bloodshed about how many bucks you saved over there at 3 didn't come
on bucks Irish Sharma let's see Irish Sharraqis are dying like crazy Iraq
suffered one of its worst days of bloodshed this year 62 people were killed at
least 250 wounded many of them in a six car bomb attack on a bag that she
at neighborhoods sparking fresh fears of significant violence fresh fears the
bloodletting came as Iraqi politicians rush forward the opening of their
parliament to Thursday and a bit the four extremist efforts to exploit
the political vacuum and further in plain communal tensions between the
majority Shiites in the historically dominant Sunnis their historically dominant
otherwise they're the top right Shiites at the bottom release to have been it's
a civil war maybe it always has been I read one good article I remember who
wrote it about fact it's always so different other than ever was except that
there's nobody keeping them under wraps like Saddam Hussein always years right
so they just gone nuts and are killing them just looting and burning and going
crazy it's a picnic without the ants and senior Iraqi officials yesterday
confirmed for the first time that death squads composed of government employees
had operated illegally from inside two government ministries death squads from
inside the government you follow that or the death squad who have captured our
in the defense and interior ministries minister of interior buy-in job or
said during a joint news conference with the minister of defense there are
people who are in fill who have infiltrated the army that's here that's
Prime Minister jibber job here's the pull from over the weekend they didn't like
it too bad a TV show passed your present that you love will never admit to a
public week 1763 votes in spite of the fact that it like it I hate this pool
376 he they hated whatever it is they hated he haul 176 that was right
Clark right right they already been through that yes golden drills 102 with a
bunch of old bags that look like Roy Clark anti-grifitio 89 he's still alive
Brady bunch 85 American Idol 78 Batman 77 the Parkridge family 76 I
bitch of the guy with the eyes voted several times on that any soap opera 73
flipper 67 flip your magic twang or sandy come on over pile 65 the real world the
real world 57 clear as folk 44 desperate housewives 44 Joe millionaire 33
the Walton's 29 with the time was named John boy and his big mole right Ellen
27 over 25 they might open to do much of shows in the and the Dubai now possible
government's conduct in briefing a trial with the city of Musawi trial and
it's just called a recess now probably have to like declare mistrial and turn
his ass loose again so we can start flying into a bunch of other buildings
over 25 who now would watch that party of 524 the arrive factor 24 my favorite
Martian 23 I love the way that Josh originally spelled that it was really okay
moving along from page 23 doctor Phil 23 dark shadow I mean how could he spell
Martian would anyway dark shadow is 21 the courts of Betty's father with 16
we were just talking about Bill Bixby before that and there he is my favorite
Martian the courts of Betty how about the radio was it in most of what about it
dead the time tunnel 16 but ends of 15 they're all dead aren't there is there
anybody alive from that show I don't think so anybody what a blocker will play
did yeah what's his name the Alpo guy Canadian boy sorry Lord
star the show and green Lauren Green what's wrong with you man dead perl
Roberts perl Roberts been dead for a long time and of course what's his name
Michael and then dead you know I guess they didn't it wasn't such a
an answer all the apprentice 14 or you hot 12 some very very small
people on their own man and it was on what about three weeks right you're
right you know something I finally agree with you for once in your life
Lorenzo Lamis was in some flip that I was on a cable and I remember what it
was and I just saw him for like about two seconds and I was so I was just
pissed off I was angry to see his annoying objectionable yeah he really is in
spite of how good he used to look but now they doesn't even look even slightly
good he's making the band eleven the read across the show and road rules
eight across the can't speak with his enemies see when they put her on the
air and you can't ask yourself the question how come nobody watches MSNBC I
think right there just show a picture of that bitch and that's the answer who
would watch that and then of course we found out that Chris Matthews is bought
paid for by the right wing which we already suspect they're all along Tom
jick a little Tommy who forgot that it was my 30th anniversary this year on
here in Miami but um can talk to question here and of course he claims that
he's Q&A in the Sunday at Sunstintel magazine are all for real here's the
question for me yesterday question could you tell me what happened a
Greg Vivael sign SP and Davy answer from little Tommy last I heard from him he
was working in Alabama doing a radio talk show he said he's honing his act on
the road so that when Neil Rogers retires he'll be ready to fill the void I
think he was only half kidding so I think that was Tommy's way of making up that
question or any answer of like trying to try to make amends for the slight
for that grotesque slight on my 30th anniversary
doesn't work for me you rockers
yeah we're on drugs yeah you lost your mind that's what I was thinking
when it's a mental intuition you're right fifty million dollars I don't
want to know if you are absolutely crazy I'm insane yeah they're trying to
truly in this we'll be right back
1017 at 560 W. Cooom we got both campers today at two o'clock old camper
bow at two we still haven't figured out what we're gonna do between two and four
and here it is the 13th of March pretty embarrassing when you say not that we
care of course we're not gonna press the granose in that but two to four we
don't know almost wants to bring make you want to bring back mo almost bow
again tomorrow to the four then we got like I said Gauda Young wins the
in Friday and Thursday we got Marlon's baseball we love the Marlon's
almost as much as we love the hurricanes the only last week only for one
week so let me tell you know what is week Shimana no that's not it that's
right that's right so I say I don't want to get carried away well before we do
the I got two bad movies that I want to warn you people not to buy or watch your
rent or steal and they've been on my cable over and over and over again and as
a result now the one I watched it and it was on yesterday because still trying to
figure out what it was all about I still can't figure that out it's called birth
when the cold Kidman mm-hmm now you haven't seen it no I haven't and it's about
this well bizarre in fact this bizarre kid is in both of these horrible movies
really bizarre strange and annoying and he claims that he's the reincarnation
for dead husband and then to save the trouble watching it toward the end he
admits he's not to be incarnation of a dead husband and then she kind of like
his on her wedding day that this very ugly guy that she's good married to and you
do see her boobies and steamy sex scene in there which is not going on but
I've been that and then she she was taken the pictures on the beach they get
married on a beach and she wanders out and is in her wedding gown and she's
going into the water in the ocean and the husband comes out and grabs her and
they kind of wander off and the sunset is like what what what did that mean what
was that all about does anybody know no so what did you watch after birth that
I got news for I'd rather I'd rather look at after birth and look at that movie
again was pathetic and the other movie which also contains the same obnoxious
annoying kid is god send oh my god talk about god awful with Robert De Niro and
Rebecca Romaine's famous now let's see I'm trying to think I think you got
her boobies in there too she's naked as a jabird so no I'll see it no no what
you want to see Rebecca no I do she doesn't show her boobies and I think you're
wrong we may not boobies but she shows the funny else okay there's a very
glimpse see there like by the from the side something over it is a general
drift of where it's at they're not hanging down by her knees anyway Robert De Niro
who we were saying before the show makes an awful lot of really bad movies or
her because he just doesn't turn anything down he just likes to work our guess
and he made so many bad bad movies yeah but including one of them which
everybody says oh this is the best movie ever made what was the movie about the
boxing movie oh raging bowl raging bulge mid yeah oh god was that awful
although Joe Pesci was in it so a lot of our crowd probably liked it because
Joe Pesci was in it's wearing up a storm did you see it I I watched as much as
I could stand right how's that about five minutes maybe half of it just awful
anyway god send is a thousand times worse than that it's just terrible and it's
about this mad scientist doctor professor which is the nero and they clone
these people their kid dies and so he clones the kid and he comes back again the
same strange annoying spaceship looking kid from birth and I don't think I
ever watched the end of it because I couldn't get that far just just kind of
wandered off like my mind was racing like any other direction is there anything
else on please here's the ace pole so don't forget birth and godsend of what
him like they have to play right when you go to any marlins games this season now
I don't want to get lumped in there because it was the John Henry crowd blame me
for their failures oh it's any a Roger that's why nobody comes to our games
right and now is a Humper I think it's isn't David Samson who's was
blaming on the other station was blaming the we did it the Humper for the fact
that the Marlins can't get a stadium built and the nobody wants to go to the
games anymore all of a sudden well I think I sure wish I had that cloud it's
the Humper's fault not the fact that you guys keep selling the fans out and
keep having a fire sale and keep crying and threatening to leave you know we're
going to San Antonio over going over here we're going to Vegas we're going to
Portland Oregon go to hell how's that and a lot of people feel our way too when
you go to any Marlin game this season 500 15 votes maybe a couple 139 maybe
baby I'll pack them a sandwich move already 133 no they screwed the fans again
113 will not go no I hate baseball no so so far not not looking really positive
yes I go to several games 29 I hate this pull 18 at 16 and season ticket
order 9 can you believe that out of 522 votes on the Marlins station yeah I
see you take it orders I think that's all of them isn't it yeah I think that's
the total that would be a good poll to take one day who lies more about the
attendance the Pantsers or the Marlins oh there's no question what no I think it's
the Panthers I guess Alan Cohen figures that he's going to make a lot of money
by giving away Zidians and tickets and accounting to his ticket sold and then
most most of those people won't show up anyway if you're a Pantser season ticket
order you know I'm talking about all 10 of you they are just emailing you and
sending you the snail mail and email and fast mail and oh my god mail and
female it's just unbelievable please please if you show up I'll give you like
four it will give you like three food we'll give you a hundred tickets next year
and they'll be whole much of stuff ain't working too good and they're hot as a
pistol right now but still nobody cares democratic senator will introduce
censure motion of Bush today rust fine gold to baddies Jewish happy poor
him Russ can you imagine if he would like change to be if he would convert to
board again Kristian of the he'd be elected tomorrow we'd move the election up
am I right no question senator rust fine gold democratic Wisconsin speaking on
ABCs this week yesterday declared that he'll introduce a censure motion against
president Bush over the president's warrantless wiretapping program he's
going to introduce a censure motion today asked by George Stephanopoulos while
he wasn't promising him proposing impeachment fine gold said he wanted to do
what's best of the country well in that case it would have been impeachment
fine gold says Congress needs to stand up to the president declared that
martial law wasn't declared on 9-11 representative John Kanye's Michigan
introduced a censure motion against Bush and Cheney earlier this year the move
received scant attention at the time president Bush meanwhile pants down
I just case for a right today but a bit but a bit about things are going just
swimmingly well all we're fine the ones who are still alive and who still have
all their limbs and eyes and these things
uh... that's not gonna read I'm not gonna read the Bush crap
more propaganda another easy I renewed attempt to try to like sell the
pedal is crap to the American public eight overwhelming their stand no we don't
want it don't want no part of it
maybe somebody can call in today and explain to me the
uh...
what the movie meant birth with the cold can i read the review on i am db and i
just ripped it in
ripped it a major ass and gods and only at like four point seven out of ten
they said bad script bad directing bad acting bad movie it's suck and the right
and he's the content of the put on the cable over here somebody thanks
to simple robberts alive get out of here no way
what i hear
i thought he was the first one to die
how do you like that
he was born
may eighteen nineteen twenty eighties seventy seven
and this is copyrighted two thousand six
pernell robberts
played at him on the tv series bans and crapper john on track crapper john md
i thought
i thought he was the first one to go my confusing maybe with that blocker died
because they looked a lot like
uh...
i was positive he was dead
who's dead what a good piece of news
for now robberts is still i was actually pretty good looking down a hundred
years ago on the answer
compared to and so was the little michael and it was Jewish i find out
that's right
seen at the end of the book about a hundred times
was that also show that he wrote the little house on the paper
right
right i was that was just right
he was a good guy michael and a little bit misunderstood i guess
by and on that biography wow wow wow they showed his whole family on
the biography of his offspring or
Roosellas myself uh... oh my god
that was levienne verde not on the one day
especially after a week that we had poor men save patti vb all in the same week
uh... this
been to roger
i know that the great feelings like a rare address
bylons
and hear you damn crack it, don't smoke it crack please.
And now a word from the unborn child of Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt.
Hello, I am the unborn child of Angelina Jolie and can you pick my life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
My life is gonna be great.
Why can't we connect and have a baby child of Billy Joe and Christie Great達 Bridge?
We have a 50% chance of looking likeES Babe.
That poor daughter looks like a troll.
Can you imagine that the baby robe have a Billy Joel asら's,an a beautiful Christie Brinley as your mother,and the Y's looking like him?
Anyway, my life is pretty good so far except for all this.
Maybe two days later, where will meet?
I don't know when I'm going until I hear a call that I've had a table tonight.
And of course, I know it.
I've been to Cambodia.
I've been to Zimbabwe.
I've been to a hotel.
I'm hopeful to meet you.
I'm cheering.
I'm like feeling the belly of my mommy and you need a jelly, but I'm also looking for what's
up in the end for him.
Because then I'll get to do this.
You know.
And the other thing I want to talk about is emergent idle, because I listen to it in my
mommy's doing in idle with a friend of school.
But I think Chatton Correa from another time long island is probably very chill.
He sounds very chill, but I can't see him because well my eyes aren't even opening.
I can't wait till I actually got here.
Right now I saw a cat like two fish fields when he sent my arms and was stuck to grab the
fish.
But very soon I will end here.
Okay that's awesome now.
I got it because I think the training being cute and we have to go on another freaking
trip.
You have just witnessed an official pre-birth monologue from the unborn baby of Angelina Jolie
in Brad Pitt.
Speaking of, uh, in Sim Lampley isn't that what his wife says to his kind of hard to grab
on her things?
Oh yeah, that's a shame.
Well now listen, Eric did a fine job as usual on our website.
So I remember the people were saying, well can we get a listing of what's on the CD?
There is, yeah.
Because then we can go rip it off, yes.
Well if you go to the store there, the Neil Rogers store on our website and you click
on that link and then right underneath the picture of the CD it says click here for track
listing.
And this is like Raceway Park in Hazel Park in Northville, Downs and it's not all the
stuff.
There you go.
That's what that's going to give you to buy.
And I'm really, well, 15,000, 815 so far.
Is that good?
It's fine.
You think we're going to 50 grand for band and pre-prescue?
You know, 30 years on the year, $20 isn't even a bucket year for free entertainment and
all this aggravation.
Pretty, pretty, uh, bargain basement if you ask me.
I don't want to think the guy that drove all the way down from Lantana so it wouldn't be
shut out on Saturday.
That was pretty damn white of money.
Yes it was.
And he woke up from Lantana.
It was probably a white guy.
Very white, very paid.
40 bucks George got on Saturday and Josh Cordis got 140, did you say?
100 something.
I don't really remember.
He was broke.
I think it was like 140.
Yeah.
It was in the 100.
So anyway, we got 15,000, 815.
You can go on our website, please and do something or today we got two van hits.
See, that's another thing about this.
This is a bad idea.
Duff.
A really bad, bad idea.
Whoever like foisted this upon us this year, I don't want any part of it.
Because it's a tune out.
Do many people want to hear somebody on here begging for money?
Van hit number one.
And this is another one of these set up deals.
It's got nothing to do with us.
The grand opening of advanced auto parts.
3600 Northwest 25th Avenue Miami.
We're just to win a thousand dollar advanced auto part shopping spree.
There are no times on these either one of these by the way.
12 to 10.
12 to 10.
12 to 2.
Well, how come I doesn't say that on here?
That's for the over site.
No.
Noon to 2 is that one.
And Van number 2, noon to 2.
At the corner of power line and sunrise between US one and I, 95.
But they said, oh, go gas station.
I didn't realize that Sonoco was still in business today.
Oh, yeah, they're around with their little arrow.
They are?
Yeah.
Now, they still do that thing with the different grades.
You know, where you like, it's kind of neat.
Yeah, they got grades the.
I see.
Don't say that.
Quarter of power line and sunrise from Noon to 2 with these Sonoco.
The CD is in commemorative T-shirts, 20 bucks of peace benefit of Van
and progress you in 4-large day.
And it says we'll be calling Josh at the end of every spot break with updates between Noon and 2.
And we better go over 16,000 there.
I'm going to be PO.
I think we will.
We can handle it.
Now, let's see.
Sean, chronic Sean, and we have sent us these great poll ideas.
There's three good ones on here.
So that I sent this originally the day when George was on the verge of heaving the fax machine
to the control wound or not sure went through.
Well, what they'd have could have been a day.
Yeah.
If so, foaming down as they relentless nudge.
P.S. it says, have you seen under suspicion with Morgan Freeman and Jean Hackman?
No, I have not of you.
I don't think so.
Oh, it says, sure, we need to ride the Fesbee and the Kiano Reeves is.
But they managed to fumble through their lines of occasion.
I've only seen the middle one hour on End of Pena Film Channel, but it's pretty interesting.
Although critically pan, Freeman is the police commissioner, Juan.
And Hackman is a rich connected lawyer who's been questioned as a witness to a string of sex murders of young girls.
Definitely did not see it.
Soon Freeman is putting the news around Hackman even in.
Oh, yeah, I think I did see this parts of it anyway.
Yes, sounds very familiar.
And the observer and interrogator and Hackman's flashbacks.
Yes.
And it was a pretty interesting, I think, for a long time ago.
Also, what is this?
Nick Nolte, Timothy Hutton.
Well, I don't understand this.
Do you citizen X?
Nope.
Okay.
Don't have any idea what that means.
Okay, thanks a lot, I guess, Sean.
I guess.
56670560 has anybody seen birth and can explain the end of it to me other than the fact that Nicole Kidmore was naked.
And give your brains a...
Oh, okay.
What?
56670560, pod 5662, Verizon, Cedar, Rilis, line.
WDQIN, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, happy 31st year, happy forum.
Did you hear anything about the work like you know is?
I just got through reading that, an Alabama, yeah.
No, no, no.
Midday is 640WJNA for Notre Dame.
Hold on, Tom Jicke.
I must have had a mistake because I just read the book.
He's doing a talk show in Alabama, according to Tom.
I just heard him Friday.
Greg, he's doing a talk show?
No, it's Goldie's, Goldie's, Goldie's station.
Go and tell me Tom Jicke made another bad mistake.
Oh, my God.
He dressed in yesterday's sunset on the Q and A thing.
You know, he does in the TV book.
Yeah.
He had a fire on how he's doing a talk show in Alabama.
And he's honing his skills so that when Neil lodges his retired, he can move in.
You know what?
Think about Tom Jicke.
How did that happen?
How did that touch with the local scene?
All right.
Thanks for the bad news.
So Greg B. Bell is still on here.
And I guess what Greg, they still hate you like poison.
Who's they?
Everybody.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Can you give me the name of that movie reviewer, the pan crash that I can never file, what he says ever?
Hi, I'm Schmendrich.
I think it was.
I don't remember the name, but who should he should be?
He should at least have his knees broken.
Absolutely.
You know, I mean, that movie was really entertaining.
The only thing that was hard for me was just so painful at certain moments.
Yeah.
But the pain was painfully honest.
So, the sponsor, the guy must be dead.
You know, I just found it so powerful.
I just can't believe somebody wouldn't, you know, probably some peculine queen who's upset because of the fact that beat up broke ass mounting, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, bad.
Not everybody can break that.
Exactly.
Okay.
Good luck, pal.
Yeah.
That's another thing I'm reading about.
The gay community, whoever that is, of course, I guess they left me out.
The gay community is up in arms over the fact that broke ass mounting didn't get it.
And it's home.
It's because of homophobia.
Not because it was a far superior movie, which it was and broke ass mounting was a piece of third.
Not because of that because it was Hollywood's homophobia.
Right.
I mean, come on.
Hollywood, homophobia?
Well, yeah, they are.
But they decide the point.
That's why they put it right here.
About half of them were gay and the other half of them were gay.
Well, they are, but they're still self-hating like Ms. Farge.
That kind of gay, you know.
No, I understand that part of it, but that had nothing to do with this deal.
I mean, it's just a bad movie.
Can't you accept that?
Can't you understand that?
You fail.
Get with it.
Crashness and sational.
Man, almost as good as Magnolia.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
The flagship station.
You woke me up early this morning round 4 a.m.
And it smelled like rotten carcass on a dinner plate.
I pulled the cover up over my head so I could breathe.
But your room is keeping me awake.
Even though I know you never shake.
I've been trying my best not to complain.
Reminds me of my toilet drain burn.
Me, your head and wash your head.
Crashness and sational.
I some speech take for your armpits.
You're so stingy.
It smells like candy.
I'm not so wetter.
I'm a real wet Irish singer.
I think I'm gonna send you a letter.
Say you're so stingy.
When I was driving, folded me air was clear.
Because you smell like someone's vomit mixed with sail deer.
I'm stuck in the sun.
I get down feeling just a little bit tired of this.
It's open, nice perfume.
You know it does exist.
I don't have any blessing.
Ref to my name.
And a odor like moldy wood when it works.
Check your pulse.
You smell like a corsebur.
Clean your hair and wash your head.
The raccoons are so stingy.
For your earring.
I some speech take for your armpits.
You're so stingy.
Smell like candy.
I'm a sweater.
I'm a real wet eye.
Maybe the only bit that's got that word.
In other than that hockey kid, the hockey hazing story about his right to the whole year.
1047 at 560 WDQM.
Nightrider being sold for $4.5 billion.
Anybody care?
Including the Harold Accorus.
Maybe they'll fire a little very jackass.
Newspaper owner, Nightrider, is being purchased by the McClatchee company,
camping months' speculation over the fate of the group.
But some questions remain with the word that McClatchee will divest itself
of a dozen of the Nightrider papers.
According to a joint statement, the deal values Nightrider with $6.5 billion,
or $67.25 share in cash and stock.
The total value includes $2 billion in assumed debt.
Upon completion, the new McClatchee would have 32 daily papers and 59 daily's
after the plan set up 12 Nightrider papers, including the San Mara Jose Mercury news
and the Philadelphia inquirer.
Among the Nightrider papers, McClatchee plans to solder the Duluth News Tribune,
the Grand Forks Herald, and the Aberdeen American News, so that's my favorite.
The St. Paul Pioneer Press is being sold because of the anticipated antichrust concerns
involving McClatchee's start tripping the Minneapolis.
The deal, subject to approval by Nightrider's shareholders, is seen closing in three or four months.
McClatchee says upon circulation,
it's daily's would have a combined daily circulation, more than three million,
making it the nation's second largest newspaper firm is measured by daily circulation.
I actually started about that.
No one has put a Herald-Cutton baby in the multi-pandory, so much to certain elements in the community.
Great.
By the last year, he gave me a like some real news, some real perspective.
You think? No. No. No. No. Probably be worse.
609 votes on the poll so far.
When you go to any Marlins game of this season, starting pretty soon,
we got an exhibition this game on a year on Thursday, Marlins and Dodgers, 1250 Upregame.
Which we had a whole bunch of them this week, for that last week.
You could sure get used to that getting out of 1130, like I said, real easy.
God, I love that.
It's great.
Let's try it. Let's just leave it 1130.
Okay.
When you go on any Marlins game of this season, maybe a couple, 161.
I'll pack a message, move already, 149. Just go. Go already.
No, they screwed the fans again, 135.
Screw me once. How does that go? Full me once. Can't get full again.
I'm afraid here.
I know they say it in Texas.
I hate baseball. No, I will not go 94.
Yes, several games, 37. I hate this pool of 24.
And a season ticket holder is still stuck to her and at same number.
Yeah, I had that ahead like a long time ago, out of 611.
Not looking to promise you either.
And of course the people would say, well, that's Neil Rogers.
You know, all his listeners are gay.
He don't have any like real sports fans.
If we did this pool on the sports shows, yeah.
First of all, if you did the pool on some of the sports shows,
you'd have like about a third of the number of hosts. That's number one.
But I don't want to knock into sports shows.
I never even went to the rest of the line. I was lamenting the fact that here we are at the 13th of March.
And we're still playing revolving door and chairs between two and four.
Revolving dough from two to four. Because we've got no dough.
No dough, no dough.
Vow today from two to four for a moe.
Mad dog for a seven-geldy, seven-attend tonight.
Sweeties, wait. He must be really you forked out the panthers around fire.
80k at 10 o'clock.
A little bit too late if he asked me for them panthers. A little bit too late.
Mixed drugs in Molosevic's blood.
Some people like mixed drinks. He like mixed drugs.
Sure, it's all good.
Test on blood taken from sloppy or Molosevic before he died.
Show traces of a drug that counters the effect of high blood pressure medicine.
A Dutch toxicologist said today.
The test conducted two weeks ago showed traces of refampicin.
A drug against leprosy and tuberculosis.
They would have made other medicines ineffective.
Royal Disquoted, Grunnigan University toxicologist Donald Uges is saying.
Uges told the Associated Press.
He was, I have no idea, I say that. I just like saying that. Uges. It's Dutch.
Told the AP was an estimate and specced the sample after Molosevic's blood pressure failed to respond to medication by doctors.
At the length of ten centimeters near the Hague, then Hague.
Then Hague. Where he was being held during his war crimes.
He was the most drug ever been to Den Hague. Why would anybody want to go there?
Uges said refampicin makes the liver extremely active.
Oh, and jumps around and hops right through the bacon and onions.
If you're taking something and other medication breaks down very quickly, you told AP.
Uges told writers that Molosevic took the drugs himself to try to prove that his medical care at Den Hague was inadequate in an attempt to go to Russia for a specialist medical treatment.
Last month, the war crimes tribunal rejected his request to travel to Moscow for treatment.
So sure that there was no murder. There's no reason for that at all.
Rortis quoted Urges as saying, but it'll be pitabulli or whatever.
The first report that came on the news, I don't know if you heard it.
From CNN, even though they don't make any mistakes, is that he hanged himself in jail?
No, they must have been watching the Pranos.
No, I think that when they found his body, they misinterpreted because of the language very that somebody said he was whole, I say.
Yeah, but they had nothing to do with him hanging him.
And that's what they said. He committed suicide. He hanged himself in the cell.
And then, oh no, they found his body and now they're making a ball kind of thing.
It's kind of like whatever happened to Ariel Sharon on Purim.
He probably eaten Hometaion right now, whatever it was me.
And I guarantee a big fat guy like Ariel Sharon who knows his, he knows his belly.
He's not eating him hard, little triangular, poor, home entotion that are really for goyem and the far-bison orthodox.
No, real Jews and real people with real kind of swears.
They eat the big soft Hometaion. Oh God.
The brown ones with poppy seeds. Oh man.
I know. Moon. You know what that is?
I do know.
No, that's what they call a poppy seeds. I don't know what that means.
They, some kind of a Jew thing. I don't know what that is, but moon.
That those are the ones they're like.
You know what I think that is?
What is it?
They also have them with prune filling, but you don't want to eat those.
Oh my God, you know what I'm saying?
They know that I think moon is part of...
Pacamoon.
Yeah, that's where that came from.
Pacamoon.
That's what they have poppy seeds filling is in the really good Hometaion.
You people eat them little bricks, forget about it.
And I got news for it, man.
You're going to be doing a green apple quick step for a month,
or at least trying to anyway, after you've those things.
WQAM, hello.
I guess nobody has seen birth, which is probably just as well.
I would like to have somebody explain it to me.
5670560, Tom 560, and the Verizon Singular Riders line.
The reason two things, almost nobody's seen it, which is good.
And number two, nobody could explain it because nobody could understand what it means,
what that's all about.
You know, we're picking up right where we left off last week on this phone.
Yeah, see it.
What is that all about?
Ah, it's Monday.
It's the safe now.
No, it's not Monday.
It's the post-30th anniversary death mill.
It's like the message, start for it, sending a message like Joey Zaza.
Ever then?
Mm-hmm.
I'm waiting.
5670560, I was playing, I had taken a thousand calls today between now and two o'clock,
in honor of doing a full four hour show with no ball game, no preemptions, no BS.
And take a look at that.
Just look at it and weep.
And you wonder why we're not raising the kind of money we have to weigh out of we're raising a hundred grand.
Remember those glorious days when every time we go cheer, we raise up our hundred grand?
Every time.
Very in mind that all the other shows were contributing as well.
And those things.
What do you mean, unlike this radio station where we're like on an island and nobody else participates,
we even mention the fact that we got this thing going or that we've been exist.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's our movie first.
Yeah, and what does it mean?
What's the ending mean?
Oh, God, it's terrible.
Do you have any idea what it meant when you finally said I'm not really Sean and um...
He said the green light, I was just a bunch of full crop and you know, whatever.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, I think that guy had his thumb on.
It was a bunch of full crap.
Now, seriously, the whole movie is trying to convince everyone that he's the reincarnation of a dead husband, Sean.
And he's stalking her and driving her nuts to it.
And then finally he's sitting in a bathtub and she like...
There's a scene that goes on for like five minutes and she's rubbing swits around on his head and like...
I don't know.
What was she sitting on the edge of the tub and he says, get me a towel and she throws him a big, brown towel on the floor and walks out.
And that's it.
And the next thing you know, she's finally getting married and out there in the beach and she walks off toward the water and the husband comes out and grabs her and away they wander.
Okay.
I thought she had enough trauma of being married to Tom Cruise for Christ's sake without that.
Somebody QAM, hello.
How's that?
The game's out of us.
You know, I got news for it out when he's going to get both knees broken tonight.
Uh-huh.
Somebody QAM, hello.
He's sure he's a big, good man.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
I'll explain it in a movie to you.
I'm listening.
Okay.
It was really him.
However, he thought he came back to be with Terrible and he found out that he was having an affair and whatever.
He realized that he was really in love with her.
So it wasn't for that reason.
So he said, let me just get out of here.
Oh, wow.
I have it.
It's great to see you.
Huh?
Does that help you a little bit?
I guess.
I mean, this makes me more depressed than ever.
Did you actually like that movie?
It was all right.
I thought the ending could have been better.
But you know, I thought it was.
What did the ending mean?
What was the significance when she wanted out into the water and a wedding gown?
What was that all about?
I don't know.
Maybe she's that's her way of saying the fire.
I don't know.
Okay.
Thanks.
I'm not the only one who doesn't get it.
I just don't get it.
It's an idiotic piece of turd.
And I got stuck into watching the whole thing.
And I did it.
And then it was on again.
Like I said, this weekend, and I watched part of it again to try to figure out I still were all with Ellis all about.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No, I got a good news for you.
It's called the business.
Have you seen it?
The business.
Stay out of the business, folks.
I ain't seen it.
About Milosevic, it was a friendly commitment to the fight.
It was a friend not him.
What is that?
I'll see that.
I must have got screwed up like you said.
I just want to wish you enjoyed the happy past over.
Okay.
Happy.
And happy summer history to you, too.
That's right.
Wow.
Well, you thought Milosevic was taking some good drugs.
This is Mil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
This is the Mil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Who?
Who is she?
She's a green.
Watch it now.
Watch it.
Watch it now.
Another ever dead artist from your brain.
Who I can hear, guys.
What the hell did we do?
Don't keep this.
Why do we all hang in?
We got to torture who she's a boon.
Who she's a boon.
Give it a Christian right, the Lutheran right.
Who she's a boon.
Who she's a boon.
A precious boon.
Here's your life, darling.
To a home to a age.
Stop with all this magic.
And give us back who she is a boon.
Who she's a boon.
A boy will hate you.
A boy will hate you.
Who she's a boon.
A precious boon.
Watch it now.
Watch it now.
Another ever dead artist from your brain.
I broke out.
It's 11.15.60 W.A.M. Happy Monday, March 13th.
Happy Purim to all of our due folks out there.
Anyway, I'm just a reading.
It just dawns on me.
I've been through this before with this birth movie.
I've talked about this before.
And there's a scene in there when his former chick
that he was having the affair with when he was married
to Nicole Kimmon.
She comes in and she has to identify, oh, I'm Anna.
I wouldn't think he would know that if he was really
to be incarnation.
I remember that part.
Right.
And then at the end, when he's in the bath, I would
don't tell Anna.
Or he tells what's your name.
Don't tell.
So there's reviews.
This goes to show you everything.
You go online and you read reviews of things.
There's several of these that have one out of ten stars,
which I think is an exaggeration.
Generous.
And then here's one that's got ten.
Ten out of ten.
Birth is a wonderful movie, carefully made and consistently
rewarding, author of the unemployed critic.
Well, no wonder unemployed.
Wow.
Just unbelievable.
Then here's one from somebody in Denmark.
What the hell is that one?
Just rips it in ass and rightfully so here it is.
Mike from Denmark.
I like movies.
I've sent through some awful track because I feel
I'd like people everybody who got a good site.
So I wait for films to show me something mildly, mildly,
vehemently compelling.
A moment genius and misunderstand,
otherwise pointless mess of cellular rubbish.
Most of the time, I'm able to take some solace
in the fact that even matrix revolutions have at least
a few seconds of high speed visceral action,
despite the unfathomable script and plot.
Birth, on the other hand, was the film equivalent
of a very long wait.
I've had more fun standing in a bus stop with the flu in the rain.
Besides the technical issues, the alarmingly regular
appearance of boom mics in the plot holes,
the kid shones inexplicable ability to point out
Lauren Bacall is the Christmas humbug.
Birth script is virtually non-existent
and Pandora's Kubrick-style tracking shots
have the very light blood out of the viewer
so that it lulled into a hypnotic half-slumber.
I'm sure that detectives have been faced
with a rash of mysterious deaths,
where victims have been found on their sofa
dribbling out of the corner of their mouths.
Eyes open gazing, zombie-like to the end credits of birth.
Ha-ha-ha-ha! This is great!
The film could have been squeezed just as meaningfully
into a two-minute short.
If you take out the scene where we're forced to look
at Kidman's face at the concert for an age,
the straight repeated scene standing in for flashbacks
and like these silences filled with supposedly
drama-filled facial expressions,
which don't lead us to an explanation of the plot
any more than a stray fart in a lift.
You'd be left with, hello, I'm your dead husband
and a child's body, but no, I'm not.
I'm a misguided teen with a boring life,
and I piece together a bit of information about you
to try to see your boobies in the bath.
Deeply suspect that scene, by the way.
Oh, and the cool kid that reminded me of a loveless
and neurotic icy frigid aunt,
not a hint of deeply emotional soul
who still pines for a long dead hubby ten years, wasn't it?
I wouldn't have made it to understand her acceptance
of Sean Mark II if we had been shown
just for a moment or two
since scenes featuring your previous deep relationship
with Sean Mark I.
All of you art house types should really stop looking
for a deeper meaning in this movie.
It's a lacy piece of film in that point.
I stopped printing this out.
He's a crap.
Very good.
Art house types, I like that.
In other words, gay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So we've been through that once before.
But there's a good warning for you, okay?
I don't think so much we're going to tell you about
good movies on a show with us worrying about bad ones.
Don't waste your time with.
Hey, that would be a public service.
Yeah, WQAM, hello.
Hey, I remember in that battle of talk show,
I was the lady that didn't know that Nelson Rockbondo was VP.
Yeah.
You said the other day you wanted to know
a BOMB or BOMB.
A BOMB.
He wasn't born here, so he can't be VP.
The Rockbomba, where is BOMB?
Where is he born?
He's one over in Nigeria.
Are you sure?
Where'd you get that?
Oh, I know for positive.
Where'd you get that information?
I'd Google them.
OK, I'm going to Google right out.
Do you believe that?
No, born in Nigeria.
Also, don't believe you haven't recognized that voice.
You were telling me that was the great one, wasn't?
No.
You're not so great one?
That's right.
OK.
Born over in Nigeria.
Let's take a look at Barack Obama, US Center from Illinois,
who's going to be our next vice president.
Where's his biography?
About Senator Obama.
Born in Honolulu, Hawaii, August 4, 1961.
There you go.
There you go.
OK.
All of you, these racist comments coming from that red neck
that they're going to...
Next time they see your ass as a track by the way,
the great one, they're going to turn it inside out.
You're going to have a big hole where your...
That's right.
Bigger than it is already.
Oh, speaking of holes, carry a techer.
Now a crisp backer.
Hey, Charlie, Chris, you're fairy.
I wonder when that's going to find a come out for real already.
You know, he has been asked that question and he like danced around it.
Because he like Mark Fully, they're going to be a...
Hey, Mark, you're fair.
To the wall surrounded?
He wallets is surrounded, yeah.
And a sign that the race for governor may become nastier than imagined,
the same Republican consultant of health yet,
now more veterans attacks you on carry in 2004,
has put together a political committee in Florida,
has already raised at least $580,000.
Almost all the money for the group, half a million,
has come from a single contributor.
Cape Coral, we just said executive, Greg Eagle.
The eagle is landed.
The supporter of Attorney General Charlie, Chris,
you're fair.
And his bid for governor.
Eagle's son, Dane, is that the great Dane,
is on the table of the Chris campaign,
and travels with the Chris campaign events.
Yet the Chris campaign maintains that no is nothing about
Floridians for a better and brighter future,
which according to the IRS records was organized in late December,
and whose president is Christopher Lasavita.
A veteran GOP consultant strategist.
Chris does know Greg Eagle and he's a supporter of a friend,
but didn't know he had any specific controversies
that Chris folks would win Vivian Maruti,
and Marmertitas.
Maruti?
Careful.
And that's what her name is, Maruti.
You gotta see her, Titus.
Eagle contributed directly to Chris campaign
in September to not return repeated phone calls.
Well, another donor to Floridians for a better and brighter future
refused to answer any questions.
We really don't discuss our political denizens
with anybody said Richard White, a Broward Davidson associate,
say telehazzy surveying and planning firm.
Attempts to reach officials with Floridians
for a better and brighter future were unsuccessful.
The committee is a 527 organization
referenced in the IRS code that regulates nonprofit political groups.
IRS records showed the organization is headed by Lasavita,
the former director of the Virginia Republican Party,
who was a consultant for a swift code veterans for truth
to 527 organization that deep sixth John Kerry.
And his record is a war hero.
Chris is being challenged in September Republican primary
by state chief financial officer Tom Gallagher.
The two rivals already raised the combined total of more than 12 million.
When asked about the new Florida 527,
the Gallagher campaign said to hope the group was not going to be used
to attack Gallagher in months to come.
Chris is maintained in recent appearances.
He will not run a negative campaign against his EOP opponent.
And I'm sure the Tom Gallagher will only say
you fare a lot of hundred times a day to Charlie Christ.
Hey Charlie, you're fairly five six seven oh five sixty.
And I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the
state chief financial officer Tom Gallagher.
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
Tom Gallagher.
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I'm not sure if you're going to be a big fan of the state chief financial officer
I think that's the right person out there that's going to make a big think about it
that's going to make a big think about it
can that have any of you to make a big think about it
that has definitely helped please be an eye-opener
It's your right heart
Thank you very much
It's your right heart
It's your right heart
I'm absolutely located in Baleia
I've got this
I've got this
So you have a call
Toronto by the way. Next question. Are you feeling happy today?
WQ I was till you call WQA M hello. Alright WQA M hello. QAM yes. You know I've had a scary
experience that I've been followed by a helicopter not just any helicopter but
Channel 7 of a helicopter. Yeah. I know sounds like a joke but it's totally
the same. The guy with the eyes. The guy with the eyes. He's followed by Channel 7 of a
helicopter. And let me ask you was David Cassidy piloting it? Yeah probably. Five
six now this is great. Alright the same drugs that killed Slubby and most of it
at least we know this audience won't light up or love for us. See anyway that's
good. I didn't know I woke up in the twilight zone today. Yes sir I love it. See
this is where we're going and when we can recognize the voice of each and every
one and that really makes it special you know. Oh yeah. It sure works for me. 1113
QAM. I'll tell you fat boys were you doing a job. Now that we got that New Sales Manager
Chris back there he sure got that sales department really on top of getting a copy
and not not not not. It's not like a do-off song didn't it? Do-do-do-do-wow. When it comes
to Mattress oh and I saw the Alan Fried story on over the weekend somewhere. Yeah. How's
he doing? Still. And about his last concert they rated it. His last rock concert in Philly
I guess it was or in New York and they rated it and they sent everybody home and they
almost had a riot because the cops went nuts and how he never got never worked in the
business again. He went off to somewhere in California with a banjo on his knee and
he died of brop penny list a broken soul. That's what this business is. The boys and girls
stay out of it. Hey when it comes to Mattress is a lot of gimmicks. The latest are sleep
numbers otherwise known as air mattresses. They're only weren't even full for two years.
They squeak they pop. Just like that they can lose their setting degree but they cost
a fortune. If you really want a high quality brand name mattress that'll last you for years
and years and call our good friends at Valamackress and one 800 mattress like I've been doing
for a very long time. When you make that call to Valamackress you'll get no run-arounds.
No showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices and the best brands that you know
and trust and when you call one 800 mattress you'll pick from Florida's largest inventory
of C. Lee's service Simmons King coil temperate experience. Vanana sposter already for same
day delivery at prices lower than the so-called big name chain stores even during your
supposed big sales call one 800 mattress right now and you can have the bed delivered.
They date and time you want they to our delivery window you pick the time it's convenient
for you and believe you made a show up so call today one 800 mattress right now or
log under the website of your shopping there at mattress.com one 800 MATTR ES leave off
the last ES because it stands for Stu Pindus Savings. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16
Q.A.L. We've obtained photographs that officials call definite proof of W.M.B.s.
One that means for your weekend a day.
I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous.
Saddam Hussein was a threat.
So the best and the oldest one would never parce about about 4-5 months but just
8-5 months in each play sitting in this hard work it's hard work.
It is hard work.
It is hard work.
It is hard work.
It is hard work.
It is good by noses.
Hard work.
Now I'm in Italy.
I'm in France.
Now I'm in Italy.
Talk about slow orders, man.
It means that CNN USA of Gallup pool 55% say the Iraq war is a mistake.
It should be 95% but 55% say we're trying to.
That's very cool.
We're truly their kitchen.
My dad must be shooting cats.
I love shooting a nail gun.
I love shooting a nail gun too.
1119, I wrote about that last part of that runs in that movie birth.
Donald Rumsfeld, see this is basically what's going on in broad daylight.
You people are being raped.
It's never done.
He enjoyed it.
Donald Rumsfeld makes $5 million on bird flu drug.
The US Defense Secretary has made more than $5 million in capital gains from selling
shares in the biotech firm that discovered and developed camouflage flu.
The drug being brought in massive amounts by governments to treat possible human pandemic
of the disease.
I didn't tell a story on the air about that pigeon.
No, you didn't.
I always have these pigeons that are my balcony and they're painted in the ass.
They do that.
Cool, cool.
That awful annoying sound.
I'm in here sitting at a hundred stories to Josh for our website.
I hope that somebody might read him.
I hear that.
But it sounded awful loud.
I had opened the window because it's so toasty here last couple of days.
14, 15, it's almost 60 degrees.
I got the window open and get some fresh air to place out.
I thought that sounds a little louder than usual.
That thing is inside.
I walked into my living room and sure enough they're inside.
Next to my big pot and fake plant, there's a freaking pigeon.
There was Walter Pigeon sitting there.
Now what would you do if you had a bird in your house?
What I always have done, I should write out words.
Yeah.
Well that's what I did.
Pigeons are pretty smart and they also interact with people.
They're not afraid of people because they're always begging for food.
They're putting in the ass.
So I pulled back the drape from the open up sliding glass to a real wide and it waddled
around the pot.
But our plant took a look and it was like that it's a little bit and out there it went
again.
And I slammed that window shut.
Don't come back you idiot.
How's that?
A pigeon in my eye.
I'll take it to my self.
I wonder if that was the one I had the bird flu.
Maybe it was a plant.
Like a dodgeable it there.
Yeah.
More than 60 countries have so far ordered large stocks of anti-viral medication.
The only oral medicine believed to be effective against the deadly H5N1 strain of the disease
to try to protect their people.
The U.S. estimates that a pandemic could kill 150 million people worldwide.
Britain is about halfway through receiving order of 14.6 million courses of the drug which
the government hopes to leverage some of the 700,000 deaths that might be expected.
10 if you doesn't cure the disease but if they consume after symptoms appear it can reduce
its severity.
But it'd be put a boot put about.
Mr. Rumsfeld was on the board of Gilead.
Gilead Sciences which developed the drug from 1988 to 2001.
He was its chairman from 1997.
He then left to do on the Bush administration but remained a retained a huge shareholding.
The firm made a loss in 2003 the year before the concern about Verb flu started.
Then revenues from 10 with the almost quadruple to 44.6 million helping put in company well back into the black.
Almost quadrupled again 162 million last year during this time the share price tripled.
Mr. Rumsfeld sold some of his Gilead shares in 2004,
reaping going to the financial disclosure report is required to make each year.
Capital gains a more than five million dollars.
He's making hay while the bird is shining okay well I was dropping a big one on your head.
Bird flu my ass.
Uh oh, Campus Security Guard reports screams from the water.
You see that where is this?
Rhode Island better get lead across beyond that right away.
The search is turned up in ore a baseball camp a partridge in a pear tree.
Well this is it I thought it said Rhode Island didn't miss you or all missing Rhode Island students in Boston.
They're probably out there and keep quad.
Where do you go to any Marlins games this season 690 votes so far maybe a couple hundred eighty one I'll pack them sandwiches move already 165.
No they screw the fans again 157 again again.
I hate baseball no I will not go 104.
Yes several games 43 that's 6% I hate this full 29 and season ticket holders we finally got off that young up to 11.
1.5% of this audience Marlins season ticket orders 11 which represents a pretty I would imagine a significant percentage of the total Marlins season ticket orders which I would imagine is probably
30 man in that area.
Now you have to pardon me if I like dive ahead and continue with these now that there's some calls on the board I'm not I just you know what all the respect your call suck.
I mean there been a couple that have a living and breathing people know seriously I think just pathetic.
Of course so lately the usual so obviously is it coming that it's spring break thing is that what it is that is something that could be it because I know that's March break here and there ain't nobody around that was this past week was
spring break so in other words that excuse lines to the last thing maybe that was why last week there was so a grim and slim thing so baby and not that we really care.
But this maybe the slop over from it because now we got the March break and everybody's abandoned here.
See even a little bit more wide open spaces there at would buy so you get a good machine mine a good machine.
Isn't that interesting how the women say the different from the men.
Uh huh.
The men say machine and the women say machine that's so you can tell the part eyes in it.
You can smell them apart and tell them apart.
Four former inmates of the Cifrus County detention facility filed a federal lawsuit against the private company that runs the jail in Orlando.
So I'll let a legend to former officials put human waste in their food and drinks and this just minutes before lunchtime if you got your chili yet.
Wow yeah it's all gone.
No well it's a good thing.
The inmates were subject to cruel punishment, torture and battery in 2004 when they were forced to eat the food contaminated with urine and feces according to lawsuit filed Friday news of district court in Tampa.
A spokesman for Tennessee based corrections corporate America said the company took immediate action once they heard about the incident.
Management immediately investigated and tribunates the employees right there and then company spokesman Steve Owens said Saturday the company does have a zero tolerance policy for conduct of that nature.
That nature what other conduct would be of that nature.
Owens said the company has not been super lawsuit yet which accused them of negligent hiring former inmates, Javon Walker, Jeffrey Young, Larry Robbins and Greg Platt have been held in the jail segregation unit.
They said we issued this reserve for inmates who are considered at safety risk in the Lekanto jail.
I wonder how Frank Exel-Canto is doing.
Well he was a he was always going to run for office.
He was a political kind of red-nicky guy when I was at INZ Frank Frank Exel-Canto jail account. Whatever his name was.
Don't remember that?
Nope.
They did the Ronnie Reagan supply side economics blues and so what?
Oh that guy.
You know what I'm talking about you just uh...
No, yeah they also said.
They also responsible for this guy and this guy.
Frank, Javon's title ex-Lock XYZ.
Toplite.
Remember that?
How could you forget it?
The inmates complained to food at a fall order and didn't taste right.
Some taste wrong in here.
Ooh, I know it smelled good either.
But we're forced to eat or go hungry.
After eating the food they suffered from vomiting,
stomach cramps and nausea.
The instance occurred several times between November 1 and December 31.
The very people they depend on to protect and keep them safe are the very ones abusing them
so that they're certainly a William Grant who filed lawsuit.
Charles Mulligan, a former supervisor employed by corrections corps of America's
and one of the corrections officers acknowledged putting human waste and inmates drinking jug.
Mulligan was fired because he didn't report the incident.
The jail's ward in Coloss Melinda is testified at the hearing.
Grant who now represents the former inmates formerly represented Mulligan.
I like that.
They were forced to show all that crap literally down their gullet down their Mulligan.
Remember that show Mulligan's island?
For instance, Stan, was that Bob Denver?
Gilligan's island, yeah.
Oh, boys, he annoying.
He's dead though, right?
Not that long ago he died.
That's right.
Mother's one good one.
Oh, right.
God for that.
Get him out of the way.
Let's bring back Wally Cox and your old-as-Marlon Brando's story.
27 past 11 at 5.60 W.D.Q.A.M.
with lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security,
Comcast High Speed Internet leaves DSL on the dust.
And today you can get on board for only 9.95 a month for two months
with an always on connection speed of six megabytes,
Comcast High Speed Internet is up to four times faster than DSL-15
and up to 100 times faster than dial-up,
whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video,
playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites.
And we can only imagine what they are.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the Internet.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet,
you get instant access to free features like the fan,
video mail, Comcast Rapp City Radio Plus,
and up to seven personal email accounts has to name a few.
Not only that, you also get Macafee Security Tools included,
so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure.
So watch your waiting for us, start doing more faster than ever before.
Sign up for Comcast High Speed Internet today for only 9.95 a month for two months,
and you'll wonder how you ever managed to get along without it.
Invade call 305 Comcast to 2.8 or in Broward if 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 A.M.
Who the call is?
Oh! Do you guys ready?
Hmm, that smells delicious, honey.
You really are, don't yourself, Mom.
Thanks, but where's your brother?
Hi, Golgoth. Ready for dinner?
We know able to eat that crust.
Need hungry for human body parts.
Is the cannibal in your family becoming extremely difficult to cook for?
Are you in need of something to bring back his bloodthirsty appetite?
Well, you're in luck.
Introducing the first ever frozen entree that caters to the cannibal in your family.
Cadabras, frozen dinners.
In just three easy microwaveable minutes,
the cannibal in your family will soon be enjoying an enticing entree of his or her liking.
There's chili, with kidneys, pork and explains.
For the dessert connoisseur cannibal in your family, there's pancreas pie.
And for the breakfast enthusiast cannibal, there's eggs.
Over easy.
Honey, you ready for dinner?
Ooh! Good job, Earthbones and dinners!
The first time I saw you falling wrong.
Touch my little delicious thing!
Cadabras frozen dinners!
The frozen entree located in your grocery's freezer.
That won't cost you an arm in LA.
Wasn't that a good follow-up to our story?
That was cute.
That was perfect.
And, of course, deliciously different, and a little piece there.
That was brought back some great memories.
You know what's been under the anniversary show, which I guess I should have played all that old stuff?
You played a lot of old stuff.
Yeah, but not enough.
Like...
Oh!
Deliciously different, narrow, one,
Deliciously different, narrow, one,
Tugutugoi!
Anyway, I'm just going to prouder my pile.
Okay, in fact, I'm thinking very seriously, remember I mentioned this couple weeks ago?
Mm-hmm.
Of cutting the calls back to like maybe, oh, I don't know how many a day, like, don't do that about 30.
Huh?
Two?
They're like two a days.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What an hour.
Well, what's up?
Because you're always putting the number to the calls and everything.
And didn't I do it for 7 months?
I don't want to go to that extreme.
I don't want to be victim.
I want to, like, occasionally go into like a lightning round for a video.
Right.
As you keep reminding me, that's what they want.
That's what both video's out there want is to hear other idiots call up and say idiotic things.
So in other words, you're saying that the listeners are as idiotic as the colors?
No, I didn't say that.
You're the one that's always telling me that.
Not off the year.
Not on the year we were supposed to pretend we got like, oh, that's not your crowd.
You got the intellectual crowd.
That's right, erudite.
You got the erudite in the election of Polish crowd and you got all the ladies out there
because you're, how does a firecracker?
That's right.
And me, this pathetic old Jew, a fag, that's waiting for a humontizing on forum, what have I got?
You know, I got that article in the Harold and then about 40 cents of my about a quarter of a cup of coffee at Starbucks.
Coffee late day.
And what is with all these designer coffees?
Can you explain that to me?
What is that?
Sure, it's a designer coffee.
No, regular coffees just boring.
You got to put some stuff in there.
You never guess what I was looking for on Saturday.
You'll be silent.
I'm always looking for that.
No, listen, I already told you this.
I had my camp guide take me to Chinatown, not a place you want to go.
Oh, was there like two or three Chinatowns here because they like so many.
There's four or a thousand Chinese people here.
I mean, fine people, but there's too many and some of them smell really bad, but those are ones that, well, at any rate.
So I was looking for those sure-talky noodles.
Right.
Remember I just mentioned that on diners buying noodles in these noodles.
What do you talk about the varying reviews on movies like the ones I had there from IMDB?
One real couple of people give it a one and then some people give it a 10.
It was the same with these noodles on the amazon.com website, which I ordered 10 bags.
Guaranteel will probably take one bite and show the rest of it down the trash, but I can afford it.
I mean, what's 100 bucks?
Right.
Most of the cost was the shipping.
Not just to hear about the anywhere shipping.
So I read most of the commentary and most of them are either a one on a scale of five or five.
Almost nothing in between.
No other day.
Oh, these are great and they have virtually no carbs and no fat and almost no calories.
And you can put any kind of sauce on them and they're fantastic.
But you have to wash them off real good.
And what does carboyl?
What does that mean?
carboyl?
carboyl.
Not carboyl.
What am I asking you?
You don't know.
carboyl.
Okay, I thought I knew, but I guess I don't.
For likes here for what do you think it is?
I thought it was like when they do these double steamers so they boil it, but not directly.
But I'm thinking of just making that up.
Yeah, sounds to me like you are.
And anyway, you can put a new can too for likes here for a minute.
It gets rid of the certain, I don't know, the smell.
The fishy smell.
At any rate, so there and plus there too chewy and one guy says after one bite I spit it out and chew the rest of your way.
And then the ones that are saying a five always a diabetic and a diet or this is like a godsend.
Oh, sorry for that movie.
Godsend and it's just the most wonderful thing.
So I went looking for them and of course you go to the Chinese markets in real Chinatowns.
No speaking English, not even close.
And number two, everything in the story is like got Chinese writing on it.
There's nothing in English.
And so I had written down the name of the product and the brand name and they looked at it like,
ah, how so well I like.
Yeah.
So I went online, I ordered some Shirataki.
It should be most of our people.
I don't know, maybe people out there know what it's all about.
Should I go all the way over there?
Yeah, I suppose to be like a for people that love pasta like I do, but don't want to calories.
You can put pasta sauce on it.
In fact, I would order a bunch of low-carb pasta sauce too from somebody else, which I just did get an email from them.
Remember I told you I got no email?
I got it.
And they were out of this one out of them.
So that was very nice.
By the way, that didn't have the boil just for a period of time.
Parboil?
Yeah.
Yeah, parboil means like when jack par used to be on.
They used to piss them off every NBC.
You could watch jack parboil.
But anyway, so that's what that means.
You know, just as Google, because you sure as hell know he didn't know what it meant by himself.
Anybody that spells Mickey Mouse with a J.
The high carbohydrate dense calorie food of pasta was off limit to these people of the stories all about the Sun.
So let's walk on this.
So let's walk on this.
A gelatinous Japanese notable with only 20 calories of serving called suretaqui made from a young like Japanese root called kaniyaku, a miracle food.
No fat, few carbs almost none, and a mere 20 calories per serving.
To the omurus, which is who these people interviewed, the chewy noodle was a dieters holy grail.
See chewy again.
I don't mind chewy.
I don't eat it.
In fact, some of the people said it's like the noodles in the stuff that you eat that crap.
Robin?
No, no, no, no, the cup of noodles.
The cup of noodles, that's Robin.
No, what's wrong with that?
You can put sauce on that.
I like them.
The house food's brand has been a top-stellar on Amazon.com's gourmet food section where a list of this fedachini shaped tofu because they're in the conference.
A blend of tofu and kaniyaku.
High demand in Amazon is even cost delivery delays, but customers reportedly waiting up to a month.
In fact, a lot of the comments also that I read on their website were from people said I was supposed to give them a couple of days.
And it took weeks and weeks and weeks to finally get here, and I cooked it up, and I ate a little ice, spatted it out.
That's from the people I hated.
Even the people who liked it bitched about the slow delivery.
Because this thing is so hot that they sounded like a flat jacks in ancho mom and stuff.
So, and it real fast.
Here we're talking.
So it's coming.
I got a bunch of bags coming and probably go right down the trash, right down the old shoot.
Which eventually is where all food lines are going down the shoot.
But day after returning to the US after another long term as bureau chena, maybe we'll get some calls about Sherataki.
You think I'd be interested in hearing about that?
Sure, me too.
Sherataki?
Yes, I think there's no chance.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Chinese food central, hello?
Hey, Neil.
I actually, I read about these things as well as diabetic, and I read about these two months ago,
and my efforts to locate it in local sources basically to come up with silch.
I got the same kind of, you know, me knowing what you talk about,
and kind of look from the local Asian cuisine place.
So, a good luck.
I guess we got to go online.
You got to go online.
In fact, just go to amazon.com and put in Sherataki, and they got it.
That's why I ordered it.
Okay.
I agree with you.
He just died.
Well, I'm just telling him what to do.
I'm telling him where to go.
Huh?
I'd like to tell a lot of people where to go.
But that's a good idea.
Sherataki noodles, man.
And if these things are good, I'll let you know.
I wouldn't rush out there and go and order like a hundred bags yet.
I'm waiting.
Huh?
I'm waiting.
No, I'll give you the honest opinion about it because there are certain things as far as low carb.
That whole low carb, man.
I know that the fat is overweight and it's above, but it does work.
And it's certainly if you're diabetic, and must.
A must cut back on the carbs.
Cut back on the pasta.
Basta la pasta.
Basta la pizza.
Basta the ice cream.
Basta wade gelato.
I tried those low carb noodles when we were getting the saffron.
Oh, no, no, these aren't that.
Fiat bread.
These aren't them.
Good.
I know what you're talking about.
And then there's also another brand which I just ordered, but I can't think of the name of what it is.
I'll look it up in a minute.
And it begins with a D, as in Dillerius.
That's only got like a very, very tiny number of usable carbs per serving.
Like I think about eight or something like that.
Okay.
But really, that would be great because I, to be honest with you, I'm much more into pasta than I'm in ice cream and sweets,
but that's my substitute because I buy some low pasta.
Because the pasta sends my blood sugar soaring to unbelievable heights.
And I just can't do that.
No mole.
Not if I'm going to continue on the two and four fifths of years, right?
I'm thinking of a extension.
Where are you going to put it?
Coronal.
Oh, look at this.
Frank Laccato is host of a weekly Newly That's spelled EAK, News interview program on beacon TV network owned by the Broward School System.
His primary duties include asking softball questions to people of unimportant.
This is all while wearing your cheesy red white and blue all-American tie.
The set looks like it was purchased at our general and the sound is worse than tried to tune in QA M&E hot junction.
He's chubby, Italian, and neither of a haircut.
Poor Frank Laccato.
He also seems to have pepper oil.
He's chubby, Italian, and in neither of a haircut, he also seems to have...
You can do it, come on.
Pepper oil.
I got pepper oil for blood.
Oh my god.
I'm going to put that over here on the side.
I'm going to read the whole thing again.
Who's that from?
I don't know.
Usually we can tell that it has a look.
Look at the subtle header there.
Just as P.O.
Man, poor Frank Laccato.
He must have gotten killed by the Ronnie Reagan.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
I'm a black man.
Carp reclining water damage restoration petal or treatments, macros cleaning,
get rid of those dust mites and lots, lots more.
Trust the best.
Dry concepts, column full free, and they'd rather than the Palm Beach's.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the web, dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-62-A-L.
Good rubb's a little bit of a skin.
It does this whenever it's told.
That's a little bit.
Mr. Lecter, to save me a piece, I'm disappointed you passed on queries.
Still eating people right after you kill them.
Not even leaving behind a tiny girl to the Lecter.
Fingerlicking, he cleans if people taste just like chicken.
If you see an apple on his dreams, better honor you at this needs.
Mr. Lecter, I've got to ask,
how do you eat things through that funky mask?
The wisdom's good, you can't lose your job.
The first animal to use a silly stone Lecter.
I wish I saw you pay a visit to Jevacorn.
Keep the Clintons on your next free.
Just with the May of Wednesday's.
747, and no forget we got to come up in just 13 minutes.
Two big van hits today for our thing for a van and pay rescue.
Any interest?
No.
Number one, grand opening of Advanced Auto Parts,
3600 Northwest, 25th Ave in Miami.
We're just there to win a thousand dollar Advanced Auto Parts shopping spree from noon to two.
And Van Numato Dose, quarter of power line and sunrise between US-195
and the Sonoco Gan station.
It's a gas.
And so far going into today we had 15,815,
which in a week and a half I guess that's not bad, huh?
We'll take it.
It's all over.
If we had something smart like a key change or something that people couldn't duplicate,
you know, like we have a couple of times, we'd raise like probably 80 grand.
But we'll do the best we can.
It's all we can do.
Before we do that, the facts again, which I'll do my best to do.
An angry federal judge called a recess today to consider a mistrial.
They sentencing trial of confessed Alcatacan's spirit or his acurrius.
He used to be Zacari.
Now he's a carus, I'm sorry.
It's a carus Musaoah, he used to be Zacarius.
Because of a major government error involving a lens coaching a witness.
Did you hear that?
Oh, please, that's what I've been bringing about for a month.
I just had like a little...
What's that movie where that's the...
What's your name?
Rebecca D. Morene.
What's the name?
The Red Cross of Creel.
I beat you to it.
And she keeps the asthma thing.
I'll give people out there with asthma.
I don't want to make fun of you because it's a horrible thing obviously.
But she keeps having just too many of those asthma attacks.
You know what?
Like when Rebecca D. Morene steals the FedEx package that she's supposed to send out with a guy's proposal.
Remember that?
Right.
And she goes to the post office or the FedEx or wherever to mail it and it's not under person.
And she starts storming back to the car.
I mean, that's pretty good.
Remember that?
And then Rebecca steals...
She empties out all of her inhalers.
That bitch.
She got hers in the end though.
Rebecca D. Morene.
It's pretty good movie, Henry.
It's okay.
It's all right.
The husband was...
He disturbed me.
He was not a good actor.
He was very disturbing.
What's his name?
I forgot.
Bad.
A mistrial would mean the death penalty be removed as an option for Musawe.
And he'd receive life in prison instead.
A trans...
TSA lawyer sent transcripts of the opening statements in some trial testimony
to potential government witnesses apparently trying to coach them
according to CBS News Corp. and Buribagnato.
That would be a violation of the rules set by US District Judge Leoni Brinkhamer
that no witnesses should hear the trial testimony in advance.
This is the second significant error by the government affecting constitutional rights of the defendant
and the criminal justice system in the country in the context of a death case.
Brinkhamer told lawyers in the case outside the presence of the jury,
Leoni, whatever her name is.
The offensive attorney Ed McMahon...
Here's Eddie.
A move to Ed the Judge dismissed the death penalty as a possible outcome saying
this is not going to be a fair trial.
Any alternative he said, at least she should excuse the coach's government witnesses from the case.
Prosecutor David Novak replied that ruling the witnesses would exclude half the government's case.
Novak suggested instead the problem could be faced by a vigorous cross-examination by the defense
but Brinkhamer said she would need time to study what to do.
And here's the camper.
Here's your government again blowing it time after time again.
It just can't get it done.
The gang that couldn't shoot straight except Dick Taney.
In all the years I've been on the bench I have never seen such an egregious violation of a rule on witnesses she said.
You know that guy that called me for the diabetic guy that's looking for the sure-tockie, that was fine.
I was hoping to hear from somebody who actually got somewhere and whether there was any good at all or whether it's just really garbage.
Because if it turns out it really is garbage and fishy smell and nasty stuff, I'll just throw it out before I even open it.
Because of all the people that should not be eating fishy smell and stuff, oh man.
Just even those outdoor food markets like in Boston my live there.
And in any big city they got those outdoor markets where they got like cold cuts and produce and stuff.
And then they've always got the fish market section.
Right? And you just, or even when you go into a supermarket where the fish section is, oh man I get upstream from that.
I just want to gag, I want to pimp my guts out.
Oh, no fish for this kid.
Of any kind.
Anyway, getting back to Frank Mercano, the set looks like it was purchased in Dollar General.
The sound is worse than tried to tune in QMEDA junction.
He's chubby, it's agitated and need of a haircut.
He also seems to have pepperoni juice drool hanging from the clovery.
It's my favorite show.
Pepperoni juice drool.
It's my favorite show.
Is this a fax?
What's not to like?
I mean how many other shows got an obvious like that?
I can't wait.
The other TV hosts have got pepperoni juice drool hanging from the clovery.
They're crooked mouth.
Even Chris Matthews don't have that from the clovery.
His crooked mouth.
And Brian Williams, he's got 142 little teeth on the bottom.
I like three rows of them.
I'd even notice that.
He's got like six sets of teeth.
And there's teeny tiny ones.
These bizarre, his really strange.
Chubby Italian need of a haircut.
Anyway, Frank Lacanno boy, and he didn't call it in my anniversary show.
I didn't take a lot of calls that either.
And rightfully so.
Because it would have been really boring.
It would have been boring to me.
And to the other, oh, Neil, congratulations.
For four hours of that.
I don't remember what the hell we did, dude.
But it was sure more entertaining than that.
Although we did, we did redeem ourselves by having your close personal friend, Joe Costello,
call it near the end of the show on the bat line.
They can congratulate me.
It stuck around.
That was one of the highlights for me.
Whatever happened to him anyway.
What he did.
I mean, as far as as a person, whatever, what just be what, what, what did he turn into?
Not sure.
Maybe that was just him all along.
We didn't realize it, you know.
What do you mean?
Don't, don't, don't, don't dump me up now.
You're the one that's always, you know, always what?
What did I ever say?
You're not, you're not the, not what?
I'm an amber.
Do you not the close buddy you used to have no idea what you're talking about?
No, I know what you're talking about.
Okay.
I like you so much anymore, Joe.
I needed to why?
Seven hundred and sixty eight votes.
What, what, would you go to any Marlon's game this season?
Maybe a couple, two oh one, two hundred and one.
Maybe a couple.
Maybe, maybe not.
Come see, come saw.
Take her, leave it.
I'll pack them sandwiches.
Move already.
A hundred seven out.
Quit threatening to leave.
Just move.
No, they screwed the fans again.
A hundred and seventy five.
I hate baseball.
No, I will not go.
One, oh, eight.
Yes, several games, fifty two.
There we go.
We love the Marlon, especially with their honor only, and they print part of the show.
Yes, several games, fifty two.
I hate this pool, forty.
Pretty low number, forty.
And season ticket order, thirteen, a lucky number for Dan Marino, Matt Sundin, although not so lucky anymore for him.
And thirteen, maybe I'm lucky for the Marlins.
David Sampson reports that it's a full twenty five percent of the season ticket order that they got so far.
But it's still early, you know.
WQA, I'm sure a talky line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk to Neil for a second.
I need to know about the Bobblehead juice.
The Bobblehead juice?
Yeah.
Five, six, seven.
See, these aren't great.
I don't know what you're bitching about the calls for.
They're entertaining, man.
They're fangriastic.
Why?
So they're worried.
Look at the response.
I'm getting on my sure talking noodles, man.
The phone is broken.
Everybody better review.
None.
Well, that's because we haven't caught up with the seven-minute delay yet.
Five pepperoni juice, drool.
I don't think I've ever heard that expression before in my life.
Yeah, that's a new one.
That is, that is just so good.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty pound, five, sixty, and a Verizon singular, wireless line.
Sure a talky, baby, on poor, I'm no less.
In fact, maybe even like instead of the home-attachant,
instead of failing with poppy seeds, you can just shove up once in a sure-a-talky in it.
Come on, David.
Or maybe noodles can hop in there from, remember noodles once upon a time in America?
Uh-huh.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Neil, yeah.
Calling from Long Justice, New York, according to New York.
I just saw a guessy question.
You still think Stone Phillips is good looking?
He doesn't look great anymore.
What do you think?
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, buddy.
Talk about Stone.
Yes, sir.
Great show.
It is.
Did you still film the money or are you anyway good?
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let's come all in zone and take a lesson from Neil Pantheon.
Thank you Mr. Cole for rescinding Mr. Yopin.
And I can watch the games now, the rest of you.
Here you go.
And also, is it true when we're Todd Keller?
Is Neil Boycott, yes.
Is Neil Boycott, yes.
Is Neil Boycott, Keller?
Well, what happened to Todd Keller?
And leave it to the audience to clue me in on what's going on.
What happened to Todd?
I don't know.
Todd wanted to get paid, so he left this place and went to a real job.
Like what?
Like not in radio.
Oh, and the guy's going to Todd.
Let's hear it.
Hey Todd, good luck to you.
You're fair.
So what are we going to do now at two o'clock?
And across over the day, who are we going to pick on?
We have Jesse Agler.
Jesse Agler.
What can we say?
You're fair.
Jesse and he won't get all that out of shape.
Of course, maybe he'll relate to it.
Yeah.
He's a tough nut to crack.
That's what Duff said.
That's what we said about Josh.
Let me find a give up.
Maybe move on to Jesse now.
Jesse Agler.
Maybe a Duff can be Jesse's girl.
So speaking of Duff, let's talk about his best post-personal friend, John the Baker,
who brought him food again last week.
Boy, it's going to be a regular thing.
A better than John the Baker, man, a food is sensational.
Two locations for you.
Pinesable of art in the Home Depot Center, just West of Flamingo,
or the brand new John the Baker at the Sterling Town Center,
Sterling and Pine Island Road and Cooper City.
And of course, all the great homemade Italian dishes you'd expect to find
and find joint, like sausage and peppers.
Chicken Parmesan, baked ziti, lasagna, hot and steaming, huge, gigantic, fresh portions,
and John the Baker's World Famous Garlic Rules the best, and as a matter of fact,
if you go into John the Baker, you'll even have a little vacation mentioned,
you heard about it on the Mirage Show.
With your Mir, you'll get a half a dozen of John's World Famous Garlic Rules absolutely free.
How do you like that?
And there is big as your head.
As big as conbocanfers head and bar are they good?
Don't forget about those fantastic, sloppy sausage subs too, the best in the world.
And the pizza, ask anybody who's ever been there, they'll tell you it's the best in San Florida.
So bring the whole family, they give you big portions, teeny prices, or call a head for takeout.
In Pepper Pines, call 9-5-4-4-3-1-4-3-3-15.
9-5-4-4-3-1-4-3-3-15, or Cooper City, 9-5-4-2-5-2-0-0-9-1.
9-5-4-2-5-2-0-9-1.
Don't forget to ask for your complimented garlic rules.
I mentioned my name when you go in there and they'll be like a laugh ride.
Half a dozen of John's World Famous Garlic Rules free with your meal just for mentioning old...
...Nilconn!
This is Neil Rogers!
This is 516-2-1-1!
This is Neil Rogers!
This is Nick Cheney.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen reside my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers
12th of 1 hour movie.
And you experienced his new age music new form, but never like this.
Now, feel the excitement of his latest beliefs record, Yani, captured live from the county jail.
Yes, all the mind-mind masterpiece of craftsmanship, you've been doing for years and elevators,
midst of his and supermarkets, performed live from the local lock-up, plus all new tracks like
aggravated assault on the sunrise, restraining order of dreams, and the rain must fall,
and so would you if you could leave me you are.
All the only 1995 bloodshipping and handling, and speaking of handling, call now,
and you will see the full color poster of Yani becoming his cellmate's bitch.
Call now for Yani, capture live of the county jail.
12th of 1 hour movie.
And look at this man, this is the best ever seen speaking of bird flu, and the fact that
rumsels making all that money off the Tamil flu, millions, and a remarkable speech over the weekend,
Secretary of Health and Human Services Michael Levin recommended that Americans start storing
canned tuna and powered milk under their beds.
As the prospect of a deadly bird flu outbreak approaches the USA, can tuna and powered milk
under your bed?
Okay.
Ready or not?
Here it comes, it says.
It's being spread much faster than first predicted from one wild flock of birds to another,
an airborne delivery system that no government can stop.
There's no way you can predict the US by building a big cage around it, and preventing wild birds
from flying in and out of US Secretary of Agriculture Michael Johan said.
US spy satellite tracking the infected flask would start in Asia now heading north to Siberia
and Alaska.
They're going north to Alaska with Johnny Horton, baby, where the sumingled with flots
from the North American flyways.
What we're watching in real time is evolution said, Laurie Gehr, the senior fellow for global
health at the Council of Foreign Relations and its biological process and is by definition unpredictable.
America's poultry farms could become ground zero as infected flots fly over, the industry says it's
prepared for quick action.
All the birds involved in it would be destroyed in the area of the isolated quarantine said Richard
does something at the National Chicken Council.
I didn't know there was a National Chicken Council.
Well, no, you didn't.
I would be surprised if there's a National Chicken Schmidt Council.
It would very much look like a sort of military operation if it came to that.
He said with pepperoni juice, the drooling out of his mouth.
Pepperoni juice drool.
Oh, man, that is just extraordinary for cars that are already being taken up to huge chicken
farms in Lancaster County, PA, the 7th of the last grade outbreak of a similar bird flu 20 years ago.
Other than the farmers, everyone there has to dress as if they were a visit to a hospital operating room.
Back in 18384, we had to kill 17 million birds that cost us $60 million.
Said Dr. Cheryl Davis, Interveninary Medicine Expert at the University of Pennsylvania.
Even on a model farm, ABC News saw a pond just outside the protected barns attracting wild geese.
It's the droppings of infected water follow the carrier device.
It's a dangling thing that pigeon didn't drop one in my living room before I got it out of here.
That's right.
I bet you that was a clandestine pigeon.
Maybe it was a carrier pigeon.
I think it was a neocon pigeon.
Yeah, it could have been.
It was carrying the virus right into my window.
The bird flu virus today has really been transmitted to humans.
There have been lots of dead birds and three continents so far.
Few of the 100 reported human deaths.
And I might mention myself that all of the human deaths have been because of a close connection to infected foul.
People handling the birds.
Right, handling an infected bird.
Don't handle an infected bird, please.
ABC News has obtained a mathematical projection prepared by federal scientists based on the initial outbreak of an East Coast chicken farm within three months with no vaccine.
Almost half the country would have the flu.
That would be if it could transmit from one human to another.
That, of course, it says is a worst case scenario, but one that can't be completely discounted.
The current bird flu strain has been around for at least 10 years.
It's taken surprising twists and turns, not the least of which is that it's now showing up in cats in Europe.
Of course, cats, what are they, are they famous for eating?
Birds.
Right.
Where officials are advising owners to bring their cats inside.
I advise that it says that advice might soon have to be considered here in the US.
This is Brian Ross from ABC News.
Let me say it again.
The secretary of HHA says, HHA says, starts throwing canned tuna and powdered milk under your beds.
What about the mercury levels that you just tell us about?
What does that mean?
My God, canned tuna and powdered milk.
I think he needs to take a B.C. powder here, it's me.
And of course, the more they get everybody into a wild pack about it, the more people are running out and buying that Tammy flu.
So that Tom Rumsfeld can make a whole lot more money.
He's still got plenty more stock he didn't sell yet.
Trust me.
Or not.
Well, day after returning to the US for it, let's say we got, I bet you have been refreshed.
You got over 800 votes.
You think we can do 1000 today?
Yeah, you sure.
Didn't put the standard on much later than usual.
By the way, Miguel's already out there.
And?
Oh, he, I'm just letting you know.
Well, what do you mean he's already out there? It's five past 12. The thing is new to two.
Is that like a bulletin?
Well, he's been out there since like five two.
And then first you tell me that we no longer have what's his name, whatever the hell his name was.
On the updates.
On the updates.
Oh, God, Keller.
Todd Keller.
We don't have him.
And now you tell me that we got what's his name?
I go over.
Oh, man.
Congratulations to the top.
Very seriously.
Get out of the business.
It sucks.
It's pathetic.
It'll kill you.
800 votes on a Marlon thing.
And it's not looking too good for them.
We got a shot of 1000.
A few people get with it.
Get off your dead ass, man.
It's forum for Christ.
Before you go out there and buy it was really nice, fluffy, big soft commentation with the
poppy seeds.
Go on our poll and vote.
And then go on here and look at loose change.
And then go on here and click on the Niels store and buy a bunch of CDs and T-shirts.
Right?
Right.
By several.
I think we can do like 30,000.
But 30, man.
You're saying 50.
I think you're dreaming.
Yeah.
A day after we turned to the US after another long term as bureau chief in Baghdad, John F. Burns of the New York Times said on Bill Mars Live right in the HBO program that he now feels for the first time.
That the American effort in Iraq will likely fail.
As to the Civil War was developing there, Burns said, and this is a great line.
It's always been a Civil War and it's just a matter of extent.
He said the current US leaders, their military and diplomatic were doing their best.
But sectarian differences would probably doom the enterprise.
There are a bunch of tribal, uh, getchies is what they are.
And I tell you that the other week, that's what they are.
The tribesman, man.
Mm-hmm.
Number five.
The Kurds, my god. Have you ever seen the Kurds?
Not lately.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
And of course they want to hook up that long, chewy oil.
That's what they want there in North and Iraq.
That's the deal for them.
Even a bunch of stone age people like them still want that cash.
They want that black gold.
Burns said that he and others underestimated this problem, feeling for a long time the topling Sodom was saying we're almost inevitably lead to something much better.
He called the Abu Gharrab abuse the worst of many mistakes the US made but said that even without so many mistakes they said touring conflict would have still gotten out of hand.
See one thing about Sodom, man.
He ruled with an iron fist.
And that's what you need in a place where you got a bunch of getchies running around.
Like somebody out of the stone day, but he knew how to control those people.
I'm like out of somebody out of the stone Phillips age.
Yuri, this is your favorite story which you told me already heard about.
And leave it to you to hear about this.
Oh look at that.
Britain had its forces by 10% in Iraq.
Pretty soon it's over to be Americans dying over there.
Malikines are busy dying in Afghanistan and also more Americans too.
Seven more.
And Alaska high school violated the students free speech rights by suspending him after young for a little batter reading Vong hits for Jesus across the street from his day school.
Federal Corridor on Friday.
Well, how do they find a good piece of news?
Vong hits in the number four.
Vong hits for Jesus.
And what seemed to me based on the depictions I've seen in Jesus, then he probably would have like participated.
He likes it.
Well, he'll piece pipe a little bit or at least pass along.
Sure.
Right.
Joseph Frederick, a student at Juno Douglas High School in Alaska, displayed the banner which refers to Smoky marijuana.
No.
Oh, this is from writers.
Obviously just a little bit out of touch.
He displayed it in January 2002 to try to get on TV as the Olympic torch relay was passing the school.
Principal Deborah Morris sees the banner and suspended the 18-year-old for 10 days, saying he had undermined the school's educational mission and anti-drug stance.
Anti-drug my ass.
Friday is ruling by the U.S. Ninet Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco overturned the decision by a federal court in Alaska that back Frederick's suspension instead of rights were not violated.
Appeals court said the banner was protected speech because it did not disrupt activity and was displayed off school grounds during an on-curricular activity.
So Yamama, public schools are instrumentalities of government.
A government is not entitled to suppress speech that undermines whatever its missions it defines for itself.
Judge Andrew Kleinfeld wrote in the Court's opinion, even in Alaska the judges are Jewish.
The Court also cleared the way for Frederick to seek damages saying Morse was aware of the relevant case law and should have known her actions violated the students' rights.
You go, baby. You go, Joe.
Joseph Frederick.
Good-lask him, kid.
Wrong hits for Jesus. What's wrong with that?
You can't say anything no more. That's basically what America has become.
A man fascism fascism fascist fascist fascist forget about that.
Now it's America bush with a fascist. Everything the courts the SEC restricting and restraining and cutting back and just dummy up.
Everybody dummy up in goose step.
It's enough to make me want to play that goose step bit.
Do we have a bit called goose step?
Yes.
Here we go, play it.
Come on, Joyce.
goose step.
Okay.
I have to audition it during the break. Although it's fairly recent, yeah.
I put like stars, I put asterisk on these things, but I put them in there.
So a pretty good idea that maybe it was on post-Joyce hysteria.
Post-London regime in this whole new deal wonder.
Oh, and here, here one of the most obnoxious and obnoxious characters who I just despise who came here to Dorado about a month ago or so.
And Mayor David Miller told him, bye-bye.
They came here on a Friday and David Miller told him he got so Monday to get out of here.
Get lost.
The politicians here are pretty boring. I mean they're bland.
Oh, man. Very well.
But especially David Miller, he's just boring as any of them.
At least one time he put stuff a little bit.
Said, we'll handle our own problems here. Thank you.
This is when we hit like the shootings out on the downtown.
You're not going to get that.
Yes, you are.
And that girl got shot and killed because we got gangs with guns, man.
We got a bad combination, baby.
In Scarborough, we got dark punks with guns. Not a good combination.
John Gotti, Jr. He's going to come to you, Jr. Gotti.
I didn't know that.
See, look at what an educational show this is.
In fact, the judge said, that's the honey, Jr.
Jr. Gotti went to church yesterday.
But in Curtis, Leewood, that's the guy.
In fact, I like that. I like that.
I got a junior and senior, better than Curtis, Leewood.
In fact, his name ought to be Curtis Slimeball.
Has a problem with that.
The reputed mob boss, fresh off a second mistrial,
stemming in part from an attack on Leewood, showed up for mass,
morning mass with two of his children at St. Dominic's Catholic church
in Oyster Bay, Long Island yesterday.
Gotti 42 wore a monogram back for Louis Sweatsuita,
and torn with red, white, and green striping in colors of the attack in flag.
And that boy talked about a fashion plate.
He even dresses better than Jack Abramoff.
He received Holy Communion in the sat hands class,
but a puny are the back of the church.
Later, he and his children were ushered to a side door,
where a car was waiting for them when the service was over.
He's going to be Godfather to Connie's baby,
and then he's going to settle all family business.
Shaking his head and anger, Gotti glared his photographer's snap
flag inside the church and blew up on a daily news reporter
as he left. This is obviously from the Daily News.
How dare you, he re-evaled at the reporter?
That was the most indecent thing you could do.
And the reporter flashed in something and said,
hey, that's what you thought.
A parishioner said she didn't mind Gotti coming,
but objected to the star treatment.
I don't know why the secrecy said the woman who didn't want her name used for obvious reasons.
Gotti remains free on $7 million bail,
and prosecutors are planning to try him a third time
in the 92 shooting of Sleeva,
who often blast the Gotti's on his radio talk show,
on his right-wing fanatical radio talk show.
Keep it in New York, Curtis, and stay out of Toronto,
stay out of Canada, stay out of Miami,
stay out of everywhere, stay out of our way.
You grandstanding piece of turd.
Jerry Foreman, Greg Rosenblum,
said, for Jerry's vote in a convicted reputed head of the Gambino Crime family,
he wanted to acquit him.
Still smarting from the Jerry's decision,
Sleeva, washed out the Gotti's ability to leave his house or rest to go to church,
and said, this is something new.
I guess he didn't see the Godfather.
It's a disgrace to see my church giving Holy Communion to a man
who helped lead a reign of Tarris and Sleeva 51,
who was also Catholic.
What's the message?
Can you kill?
You made me commit crime, you gang sanctuary.
It's shameful.
But of course, the church has been doing this for years because these people are big contributors to the church.
A church spokesman said it wasn't taking sides on this food,
because he didn't see one Gotti,
but the government's case against the reputed monster.
The bottom line is he's allowed to worship,
but any Catholic church said Sean Nolan lead eyes to the Rockville Center.
Any Catholic is welcome.
The guardian angel, leader said he didn't know how he'll handle the minister on his radio show.
He's still fueling a tow-host Ron Kubi who testified for the defense.
The conservative crime fighter in the liberal world,
barely locked eyes in the studio last week.
Last week was the hardest week of radio ever handed to Sleeva,
who spent 15 years on the air with right-wing Kram.
It may be even worse now that the jury has rendered its decision.
How do you like that?
I side with the Gottis, okay, at least they could do something for us.
What else could Sleeva do for us?
He's got that hat.
He's got that beret.
And they read beret, man.
I'll tell you where he can stuff that.
Back home.
1214, a QM, B-4, has gone mad, folks.
It's madness in March all this month at B-4.
They dismissed having a record month last month,
so they planned to break that record this month.
And right now, as I speak, extended care for 150s
or was lowest $249 a month,
with $995 down plus fees with a procredent 39 month lease.
Madness in March at B-4 means you must be mad
if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts up to 10 grand
on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not in the market for a new carbon-no-somebody who is,
be sure and send their ass in to B-4.
Because if they take the reburing this month during March,
B-4 will send you 200 bucks just for sending them around.
Now that money comes from B-4's advertising budget,
so they won't take it on the cost of your friends' price.
Don't miss out on this once-year event, B-4,
madness in March going on right now, even on Porum.
If extended care for 150s is lowest $249 a month,
discounts and rebates up to $10,000,
and just the $200 in cash for referring a friend.
So, hurry in, B-4 is located two miles east of the Golden Glades
on 163rd Street and West Exe Highway,
Garantia, Vecchimani Bell's life on at five times,
you'll love your B-4 experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QA.
Barlin.
What the hell are the Barlin?
At least console,
the stars are shining too,
they're beating in a cup again.
It makes them huge,
that's nothing for you.
Take too much anger, land of dead.
Baseball ain't deal this way,
to almost diesel you use.
Now the NFL is facing Congress,
maybe the U.T. too.
I don't know what's legal anymore,
so go into their country.
I wonder if it's any worse than a buy it on a test lead.
As anyone check the other guys,
it's probably the whole team.
Athlete, that's right.
That's right.
Including Barry Bonds,
he is all those records that have an asterisk,
next to his big fat ass.
What a joke.
And then he says,
oh, I don't need to read the book,
why would I waste my time doing that?
No, he doesn't need to read it,
because he knows he's been doing it.
Josh Corden, you need to be deep program, man.
You need to have somebody like,
take over to you and be program your ass.
Take them through the field.
How are we doing over there at the remote?
Got a total of 160 right now.
That's not so bad.
That's not the decent start.
Not great.
Not overwhelming.
But that gets us already almost a 16 grand.
That gets us to a grand total of 15,975.
That means the next, the second one next,
we'll get us over 16 grand.
And just an honor of that,
if Miguel gets at 40 bucks for whoever gets,
whoever puts the second deal down,
puts the 20 down in the table,
Miguel will flash you.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Why?
He'll lift the shirt up.
Same day, O'Connor.
Republican appointed judge
would be terrorized last month after 24 years on the Supreme Court
to send the U.S.
in danger of edging toward dictatorship
if the party's right wingers continue to attack the judiciary.
Oh, my God.
Amen.
You go, Sandra.
In a strongly worded speech
in Georgetown University reported by NPR
and the Chicago-Degre law, Bulletin.
Mizokona took in Republican leaders
who's repeated denunciations
of the courts for alleged liberal bias.
Could she said they contribute
into a climate of violence against judges?
Mizokona, nominated by Ronald Reagan
as the first woman Supreme Court justice, declared,
we must be ever vigilant against those
who would strong arm the judiciary.
She pointed to autocracies in developing
more than former communist countries
as lessons on where interference
with the judiciary might lead.
It takes a lot of integration
before our company falls into dictatorship,
but we should avoid these ends
by avoiding these beginnings.
Inherited rights of an audience,
I beg your pardon, that was a very good line.
It takes a lot of integration
before our company falls into dictatorship,
but we should avoid these ends
by avoiding these beginnings.
Right on.
Inherited rights of an audience
of corporate lawyers on Thursday,
Mizokona, single out of one
of the judiciary's heard last year
by Tom DeLay, the former Republican leader
in the House of Representatives,
that crook over a court-willing
and a controversial right to die case
after the decision-wise march
that ordered a brained-ed woman, Terry Shiboh,
to have her life support removed.
Mr. DeLay said,
the time will come for the men responsible
for this to answer for their behavior.
Mr. DeLay later called for the impeachment
of judges involved in the Shiboh case,
and called for more scrutiny
of an arrogant out of control
on a credible judiciary
that thung their nosid Congress
in the present end.
Such threats, Mizokona,
said posed a direct threat
to our constitutional freedom,
and she told lawyers in our audience,
I want you to tune your ears
to these attacks you have an obligation
to speak up,
statutes and constitutions
to not protect judicial independence,
people do the return to Supreme Court just as said.
She noted death threats
against judges were on the rise,
and that situation was not
held by a senior senator's suggestion.
Before I finish this,
you know, that born again,
crazy bitch that,
what was the guy's name?
What was the one?
In Atlanta.
The one that broke out of jail,
he shot the judge in the bailiff.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, Brian.
Brian something.
Brian London, I think it was.
A little darker though.
But anyway, she's been making the rounds now.
With her born again.
And what's the name of that stupid ass book
that she was peddling,
and she read to him,
oh, and turns out that,
she, first of all,
she's a crack editor,
a meth, whatever the hell she is.
That's just for a crap.
The purpose driven life.
That's very good.
Anyway,
she noted this is going back to the center.
The O'Connor, not the meth addict.
She noted death threats against judges were on the rise,
and that the situation was not held by a senior,
oh, by the way, that Brian,
whatever that guy's name,
he was raised in a very, very strong Christian family,
and was very active in the church.
Before we start filling people.
She noted death threats against judges
on the rise out of the situation was not held
by a senior senator's suggestion
that there might be a connection
between the violence against judges
and the decisions they make.
The senator she was referring to
was John Corden,
a Bush loyalist from Texas,
a far-biceted Goy,
who made his remarks last April,
soon after a judge was shot
then in Atlanta courtroom.
See what I just said?
How do you like that?
And the family of the federal judge
was murdered in Illinois.
Senator Corden said,
I don't know if there's a cause in effect connection,
but we have seen some recent episodes
that Corden has violence in this country,
and I wonder whether there may be some connection
between the perception in some quarters on some occasions,
or judges are making political decisions yet
are on accountable to the public
that builds up and builds up to the point
where some people engage in violence.
Although appointed by Republican
is kind of overly supreme court's
liberals on many divisive issues,
including abortion,
making a frequent target for criticism from the right.
After announcing she intended to retarget
last year at the age of 75,
she was replaced in February this year by the
fascist assamual Alito,
who's generally regarded as being
consistently more conservative the understatement of the year.
Annerist speech,
Ms. O'Connor,
said that, of course,
did not occasionally make politicians mad,
they would not be doing their jobs,
and their effectiveness is premised on the notion
that we won't be subject to retaliation for our judicial acts.
And retaliation like stuff like that.
You go, Senator.
God, we miss her already.
Bad.
Badly.
All of us as much as women is Todd Keller.
Don't we?
Todd, this is already Todd.
You fairy.
Todd Keller.
Nine, he does sound a little swishy.
842 votes,
would you go at any Marlins games this season?
We're going to make our thousand, Josh.
Here we are.
Oh yeah, 842 and 1224.
All the numbers all the time.
15,975 for a band of pet rescue.
Maybe a couple of games, 217, maybe, baby.
That's what Buddy Holly said.
He not gone.
I'll pack up the sandwiches,
move already, 198.
But at Alan Friedman,
he was very corny,
but it was, I don't know, it was all right.
Move already, 198.
If you're leaving,
don't let the door hit you
and they collect a bass on the way out.
Goodbye.
No, they screwed the fans again.
I'm not going 187.
I'm going to subsidize these people
that had the fire sale
and stuck it to us for the second time.
Just like they didn't 88.
It wasn't so great.
And then it needs so great now.
I hate baseball.
I'm not going anyway.
No, 119.
Yes, several games, 60.
All right.
There's the attendance of your first game.
You got 15 season ticket holders
and 060, that's 75.
Good start.
I hate this pool 46
and season ticket holder
all the way up to 15.
Billy Harris' old number.
Remember Billy Harris?
No.
Yeah, you do.
Harris, even in Mahabalus.
Where did George go?
Right here.
I knew he was going to hit it.
He said that.
Well, that's right.
It was a sports question.
I pointed over to Josh there.
That's what he was talking about.
He pointed over to him.
Billy, who?
Billy Harris, number 15.
Would the jury even
strike Mahabalus?
Any relation to Ed Harris?
Bronco Horvath.
Yeah.
He's can't get Harris.
Can't get Ralph Harris.
I went to high school with him.
Boy, boy, boy, was he sweet.
Anyway, Harris to make major announcement.
You know something?
This couldn't happen again in a million years.
I have this in my hand right now.
And the story, too.
Catherine Harris.
Oh.
Bad, bad news for Kate.
It ain't so great.
Good.
In fact, it's not so good for the Democrats either
because she ain't going to get it.
She's not going to be the, you know,
anybody but her would be unacceptable.
She'd be a great candidate for the Republicans for Senate.
You know why?
I know.
I know.
Because I've got a China-based alliance.
And then I have a Ukrainian market.
This is New Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
One, two, three, go.
WQA.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
All right.
Of.
And.
When he was ill, he did always be called the things where he took his little blue bell.
Last and every call to fill the bedroom sea, where he is so slow.
He looked at him, said, say, when his eyes be driven, his eyes touch him.
I wear a key and I prefer when he do the rule of ripping out his chin.
26 till 1 at 5.60 WDQM, we got Bo camp or Bo man with one name.
Bo camp or a two, Mad Dog or the Fort Gellie at 7 out of 8 kids to 10.
No ball games today, although we do have hurricanes baseball tomorrow.
Why can't they play like a day game today?
Oh, bastards.
We got the panthers on Wednesday against the flyers.
They've had how panthers many knocked off.
They kicked out of his ass to be Carolina, two in a row, back to back side by each at home.
And on Thursday, we got the really big news.
Marlins on deck to Marlins and the Dodgers.
Pregame at 12.50 Thursday, which we say.
Oh, right. Amen.
Oh!
Former sex pistols lead singer Johnny Rotten.
Has nothing but disdain for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which is why he won't be attending Monday's induction ceremony.
He's going to shine him.
He goes on.
The singer who now goes by the name of John Liden appeared as a guest at ABC's late night talk show Jimmy Kimmel Live Friday.
Was asked why he and his two surviving partners in the groundbreaking punk band were snubbing the hall.
They never cared who we were, Liden said.
They never bothered to correct the incredible fatal bad mistakes about our legend and legacy in their museum.
And up until now they rejected our nomination for three years running and now they want a piece of us.
Well, guess what?
Kiss this, he said, making a rude gesture.
All right.
Kiss this.
When I began as a sexist, there was no Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and somebody this organization has put on top of us like we have an obligation to them.
Well, it's the other way around.
Don't use my name to prop up your nonsense.
When it was first announced the group would be inducted in the Hall of Fame, the sexist would decline the honor.
With a course message posted on their website, chorus, crude and lured.
Other inductees in the Hall of Fame this evening include Black Sabbath, Blondie, Miles Davis, Leonard Skinnerd and Music Executives, Herbalpert and Jerry Mars.
Are you excited?
With those again, the sex pistols, Black Sabbath, Blondie, Miles Davis, Leonard Skinnerd and Music Execut, Herbalpert, and Sky Miles O'Brien from CNN.
Are we getting back to our cats and heres?
Yeah, but there's Jack Straw.
The whole purpose is to round him.
Oh, speaking of the show, but are we really constipated old Cooot?
Representative Catherine Harris fuel already rampant speculation about the status of her campaign for the US Senate when she released a statement this weekend promising a major announcement about her future this week.
Bye-bye, as John McLaughlin would say. Bye-bye.
The Longbow Key Republicans campaign is barely stumbling along after the revelations that she took thousands in illegal contributions with a fence contractor who arrived to California congressman.
Couldn't be old Duke Cunningham, could it?
Yes, it would be.
And while she has had little to say about the matter, many others are talking, including Republicans, worried about losing the Senate race and Democrats involved in by the financial and political woes confronting heres.
It didn't help a rumor circulated last week that heres might not stay in the race.
In her statement, Harris acknowledged all the speculation, notifying Republican activists in the meeting in Memphis that she was canceling your schedule to appearance their Saturday night, as I prayerfully prepare with my family, friends and advisors to finalize the strategy for a major announcement next week, concerning my candidacy for the US Senate, which is a long, Congress way of saying.
Bye-bye, bye-bye.
Of course, they've got to have her around the end of November to help fix the election anyway.
She says, I will continue to look to our founding fathers who pursued their vision with integrity and perseverance to discern the best courts of action for the state of Florida, our nation and those diverse voting machines.
Tell the Hassey Republican strategist Rick Wilson said Harris is likely failing with sod, which some advisors pushed her to get out of the race, others come and keep running, like a wishbone at Thanksgiving time.
But Saturday's announcement, he said, will make it all that much harder to cross speculation that she's dropping out.
While she told the AP last week she was staying in, the pressure hasn't eased.
Wilson and other Republicans have been worried that she'll bring down other candidates if she runs.
Oh, please run. Please run, honey. Not that we love the Democrats all that much, but they're sure better than what you got.
You know, not much. Little teeny-tang like a curly hair better. Like curly and demote.
I 871 votes. If we can get to 900 by the top of the air, we got it licked. Peace to break, right?
Yep. Easy. How about that Sherataki? Anybody out there tried yet? We got a fact sounded to be a call on her. What do we got?
Nobody knows what I'm talking about. Sherataki noodles, man. No carbs, almost no carbs, almost no calories, no taste, no fat.
You should be able to pass this outside. Maybe chop off some of them just pepperoni would be good.
So you're gonna have that pepperoni sauce as usual. The juice dripping on your chin.
Somebody QA and hello. Happy forum to you anyway. Somebody QA and hello.
Hi.
Somebody QA and hello. QA and?
Yeah. Oh, trust me to the guys.
You're speaking.
Um, what are the, is the show on right now?
Let me ask you something. Who you calling?
I'm calling to speak to the sport after the World Cup.
To what? The radio show Sports.
Sports. Do they have a name?
Yeah. Who's on right now? What station are you calling? Long Kid.
Five, six, three.
Yeah. And is the sports your wife, you and right now?
Yeah. I think Neil Rogers is on right now. You know who that is?
Um, somehow.
Hey, you heard you.
Oh, yeah. You know who I was. No, not some a whole, a major a whole thing.
You get it right. The a whole of the hour.
Puts. What a moron.
Somebody QA and hello.
Two I am.
Oh, I talked to George W. Bush.
W. Q. A. M. Hello.
W. Q. A. M. How you will kill him before the day is over, please.
Q. A. M.
Oh.
Certain sweet Q. A. M. Line nine.
Show you.
I love you. Turn my radio down. Please.
That's right.
All right. I'm surprised you want to turn it up.
What do you think?
I would have.
That would have been a way to go.
Crank that baby up in a radio too.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
This week on HBO.
I think you know what my problem.
Zip change stars on the sopranos.
You got a problem.
At the very least.
Oh, what's in that?
Someone who you love and assassins in Iraq are desperately trying to shake our will.
You know, you might not be able to make a little face.
No.
That's not exactly.
Zip change our sopranos.
Keep your mouth shut.
No. Someone who you love.
887 votes on our pool.
We better get to 900 next to 16 minutes.
I'm going to be really peeled, man.
We better get to 1000 day or else.
How are we doing out there?
We got 1000 bucks here?
No, we're doing really bad.
You need to mention it again.
What does that mean?
I mean, we got 180.
Yeah, you got to be really shit, man.
You got to poop.
You got to be really shit, man.
You got to be really shit, man.
You got to poop.
And what about from the other location?
We got nothing over there?
No, where he's getting a call now.
And now we got 320.
320 total.
Oh, well, somebody give me 180.
What is wrong with you, man?
I just got the call.
Calm down.
I can only report it when I get down here.
Sure, you won.
So we got 135.
We got 320 now.
Which means we can certainly over 500 today.
Right.
Two locations.
Van number one is that the grand opening of Advanced Auto Parts 3600 Northwest 25th Avenue,
Miami.
You can worry when you stop in there, when you drive through real fast.
Registered to win a 1000 dollar Advanced Auto Parts Shopping Spree.
And also until 2 o'clock, the Van number two, I guess that's where Miguel is.
Yes.
He's doing number two.
And quarter and you can watch.
In quarter of Powerline and Summrise between US-195, the Sinoco gas station.
That's where the love of Miguel is waiting for you.
This was all his idea, by the way, not just a joke.
Just a joke.
No, this was all tough side of the, okay?
Too fair.
Somebody over there on a West Coast.
Oh, we got to do something for Neal's 30th anniversary here.
It's going to look really bad, you know.
Yeah.
The only good thing he did was he's a Monica Kevin Baxter.
He's the one that called set up that interview with a hero,
which I appreciate because that's all we got.
I mean, that's all after 30 years.
Nothing.
Zipity, Duda, not a sandwich board, not anything.
Zero.
Anyway, they see these commemorative t-shirts,
our 20 bucks a piece of benefit band and pepper rescue and four of Lauderdale.
And they just love us.
So I'll be sure and stop by between now and two.
Or you can go online.
I'm the Arranger Store on our website.
And he even clicked on there and give you a list of all the items,
all the tracks that are on there, the tracks of our tears.
Well, when you said 180, man,
I was enough to make him want to plots.
Right.
That's scary.
320, that's not sensational.
That's not like the old days when we had an audience.
But I mean, for Christ's now, and this guy, we got people calling here,
I want to talk to the sports show.
Yeah, sports show, my ass.
Schmuck, give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
You know, that mentality, that crowd.
What are that crowd?
Oh, yeah.
Wait a minute.
There's something interesting.
That's about time.
The NAV president and CEO said Friday during a luncheon keynote
at the American Women and Radio and TV Leadership Conference in Washington, D.C.
That he will pick up the baton.
Maybe it'll be the cheerleader for us.
Elf former NAV had Eddie Fritz by promoting a government neutral set of rules
for terrestrial and satellite radio so that XM and Syrias don't have it
unfair advantage over local radio broadcasters.
What a concept.
XM and Syrias really have the best of both worlds,
we're just in the prepared address except they have Joe Castilla.
They can go to the end, they have Martha Stewart.
They can go to the FEC and say,
we're subscription services so you can't regulate us.
Yet they're in a marketplace promoting their Howard Stern broadcast,
giving away free satellite radios and providing free serving to people running cars.
Providing free serving, whatever that means.
We're also criticized as that rear as in R.E.H.R.
Also criticized XM and Syrias for actions he believes by past the prohibition
on providing locally originated program and it's part of the original license from the FEC.
We're willing to play with all competitors but only on the level playing field, he said.
Level at play and field.
Don't let them say crap is what he wants.
Whatever.
Leonard Pitts, a column on a religious right in the Seattle Times,
I thought Leonard Pitts wrote in the Harold.
I must have a syndicated column but this is in the Seattle Times.
That's shocking to you.
Oh, in fact he is.
He's a commiss for the Harold.
His column appears on the days in the sun.
I don't understand what that means in what sun.
Well, I forget about it.
Seattle Times.
Stepson.
No, Ms. Reddick, God doesn't sanction your homophobia as the title of this column.
An open letter to Don or Reddick by Leon Pitts Jr.
I'm writing this for Deseret.
She's a student, Mimey Sunset Senior High, where you teach business technology.
A few days ago she sent me an email recounting an incident that recently happened on campus.
It seems that on three successive days the morning announcements which are televised throughout the school
featured student-produced segments on the subject of gay rights.
On the first day, key comments from students who took the pro-position
on the second day came remarks from a counselor who spoke only for students to respect one another
on the third day came you.
I remember that song and then came you.
Right?
On Warwick?
On the spinners.
Spinners.
Spinners and the on Warwick and then came you.
You and a few students actually, one who told classmates homosexuality,
was unacceptable in the outside of God.
Another said, Gays were unrighteous.
The coup de grado was you invoking Sodom and Gomorrah and telling students that homosexuality
was wrong in court of the Bible because God ordered humanity to multiply which gay couples cannot do.
Desi Rae was to put it mildly, uh-huh upset.
Oh there it is.
Can't believe this is a good song.
Yes.
Desi Rae was to put it mildly upset.
In the email she accused you of bigotry and wondered how a gay student could ever again feel assured
a fair treatment in your class, I tend to agree.
She also suggested that you cross the line between church and state in accusation about which I'm more conflicted.
I'm not.
It seems to me that there's a difference between proselytizing for religion
and explaining how one's faith has influenced one's opinion.
You're entitled to think what you think no matter how stupid it might be.
But I'll leave those questions for others to parse and I've biggest frustration lies elsewhere.
Put simply, I've handed up to here, up to here like Brian Cox,
with the moral hypocrisy and intellectual constipation of Bible literalists.
The moral hypocrisy and intellectual constipation of Bible literalists.
The God Squad.
I wish I mean people like you, who dress their homophobia up in scripture,
insisting with sanctimonious sincerity that it's not homophobia at all,
but just a pious determination to live according to what the Bible says.
And never mind that the Bible also says it's disgraceful for a woman to speak out in church,
and that if she has any questions, she should wait till she gets home and ask her husband.
Never mind that the Bible says the penalty for going to work on Sunday is death.
Never mind that the Bible says the man who raps a virgin should buy her from her father and marry her.
I'm going to speculate that you don't observe or support those commands,
which says to me that yours is a literalism of convenience,
a literalism that is literal only so long as it allows you to condemn or to be condemning anyway,
and takes no skin off your personal backside.
Ask.
As such, your claim that God sanctions your homophobia as the moral equivalent of flip-wills and so old claim
that the devil may even do it.
You resemble many of your and my core religionists whose faith so often expresses itself,
and an obsessive focus on learn to have button issues,
and seemingly nowhere else.
They're so panicked with the thoughts that somebody might accidentally treat gay people like people.
They run around like chicken little screaming, the homosexuals is coming, the homosexuals is coming.
Meanwhile, people are ignorant and affliction, strong out in Miami, starving in these years,
sex slaves in India, mass murdered and d'arfer, where's the Christian outrage about that?
About all of these things?
Just once.
I'd like to read a headline that said a Christian group was boycotting defeat the hungry,
or marching to house the homeless, or pushing Congress to buy the poor with health care worthy of the name.
Instead, they fixed it on keeping the gays in their place,
which makes me question their priorities and their compassion and their faith.
If you love me, feed my sheep for the record misreddit, the Bible says that too.
Good luck.
And then, of course, you know, they're a sheep, or they were ferocious about a broken ass mountain.
That's right.
See, sheep, that's what those guys were doing up there.
They weren't doing a hanky spanky. They were feeding the sheep.
They were hurting them and feeding them.
Let me sheep.
Bad movie.
Oh, God.
Please, see, crash, do not see.
I don't care how many fags give you a solid evidence about broken ass mounting.
It's bad, man. It's lame.
I'd rather watch birth and gods send both again five times than watch a broken ass mounting.
And I still got that CD in the other room, and the other hour of it, you watch it.
I won't.
Oh, no, thank you.
909 votes. See, piece of cake for that thousand. No problem.
In fact, we're going to get to a thousand a day before two o'clock on the dollar side for the band of pepper rescue, are we?
Easy.
Now, I don't hear Jai.
He's on the phone.
I said, we're going to get to a thousand votes and a thousand dollars by two o'clock.
I sure hope so.
And Josh, because it's a story, kind of a good guy, is he said that whatever the shortfall is, he'll make up the difference.
That's right.
He's got it right there.
You're okay with that.
You send another check.
You're right in check.
It won't be any good, but you're right in check.
I can't tell you where he's going to write it.
Welcome.
909 votes.
When you go to any Marlins games this season, what do you say?
Come on. Let's have some Marlin talk.
We love the Marlins.
They suck.
They used to be good when they had some guys that everybody knew who they were.
I'm actually Josh that didn't even have to play as a team anymore.
And you worked there for like how many years?
I did the games for four years.
Four long excruciating years.
And now he wouldn't know those guys from Moishi Pupik, even on Purim.
I wonder if they're going to be selling home attacks into the evolve game.
Where's that game?
Are they playing today somewhere?
The Marlins?
They must be.
They don't play in the Great Fruit League.
They play just about every day.
Oh, they do, but I don't think they have a game today.
Well, let's make one up.
It's already 12.53.
We're three minutes past.
We're on deck.
You're right.
You're a cubs.
Oh, man.
We love those more.
There it goes.
Let's bring Joe Angel back.
Come on.
You're not going to have that Dave Ann boring out again.
My gutter got a minor, a little league team, a little league announcer.
They got that Foxy Rossi guy.
And he's okay.
And then the guy on TV.
Oh, now he's starting the, you know, they say water seats at its own level.
Now that guy, now he's starting to fight his level like a American Legion or a little league baseball.
What's his name again?
The guy in TV.
Rich Waltz.
Rich Waltz.
Waltz.
You know what he's best known for?
Rich Waltz.
The Waltz?
No.
He's best known for that famous line in the movie.
Well, let me tell you something, my friend.
And fighting that horse's head in his bed.
Jack Waltz.
913 votes.
Would he vote any Marlon game this season?
Maybe a couple, 236.
Maybe, baby.
Probably not.
I'll pack him a sandwich.
Move already.
211.
Pack him all sandwiches.
Macaroni and cheese, too.
No, they screwed the fans again.
205.
By the way, I forgot it's lent, isn't it?
Lent?
Because my anniversary was on Ask Wednesday.
And they must be lent.
Must be.
Yeah, if it's when it is met with the Tim Russochis, if it's Ask Wednesday, it must be Amita Press.
I'll go ask a catlicker.
He's a good catlicker.
Tim Russochis.
Sell out.
They screwed the fans again.
205.
I hate baseball.
Won't go.
132.
Yes, I'll go to several games 65.
I hate this poll 49.
Season ticket order stuck on 15.
15 of 913 votes.
1.6% of this audience.
Season ticket order is for the...
I bet you we got more panthers season ticket orders than the...
And of course, there's almost none of those.
What do you think?
Uh-huh.
Let's count them.
Now, sir, maybe we'll do a pre-pull tomorrow before the regular.
We have the one person a long time.
So, yeah, just a quickie.
Find out how many heat season ticket orders we got, how many doffin...
Which, of course, is a loaded deck because it often has got like 80,000 seats to fill, or 75, whatever it is.
Right.
So, it's, you know, plus they actually have several thousand...
Teasin' ticket orders.
Maybe we should leave them out.
Now, I'm gonna put it on there.
I think that's an excellent idea.
Find out how many panthers season ticket orders we have, and how many marlins we...
But so far, it's only 15.
15, I got it.
They could also sit right behind the plate.
With their great view of their action only blocked by Barry Bond's ass.
How much have Bobby Bond's as well over his grave now?
And maybe that's why he croaked Bobby Bond.
There was a classy guy, you know?
Wouldn't he be ashamed and embarrassed?
Silence.
You know, you don't want to face up, man.
Who worship a slime ball, bad guy?
I don't worship him.
I, you worship him.
You're obsessed with Barry Bond's man.
It's a great player ever.
That's all I'm gonna say.
Ha!
Oh my God.
The greatest player ever.
He was no Jim Brideweiser.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is
a
the basket. That's what he'd be do. That's what I do put the bowl in a basket. That's what I do put the bowl in a basket. That's what I do put the bowl in a basket. That's what I do put the bowl in a basket. That's what I do put the bowl in a basket. That's what he does. He puts the bowl in a basket. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does.
That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what the bowl in a basket. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he does. That's what he do. Yes, for sure.
the basket really is 110% to put the ball in the basket. That's what he'd be doing.
Have it, you put the ball in the basket, do that, what if you put the ball in the
bay, and what if you put the ball in the bay, if it's got what I'd be doing.
It's 101QM, we got ball at two, baby. Ball at the two to four slot. The old
most slot. UK troops coming home and scoring the sky news. You ever watch
River Murak's sky news? Of course not. I didn't know I had it. Good. A tenth of
Britain's troops in Iraq will be coming home in May. Defense Secretary John
Reed has told MPs, troop members, and we're reduced by 804 provinces in the south
of Iraq. The cuts come because of improvements in Iraqi security forces,
it said. Oh, yeah, if the things are going so well. The Iraqi troops are doing
more things for themselves. He told sky news, even bathing, maybe. The
cut is a significant step on the way to troop pull out, he added. But Mr. Reed
stressed Iraq was not ready yet to take control of its own security. That
national party defense folks, an anguished, angus Robertson welcome the move.
Hopefully it's the beginning of a significant military pull out from Iraq, he said.
We can only hope and pray for everybody. It's all out. They want to kill each
other, let them have a good time. Paul Krugman writes about, oh, and I have been
just, you know, something I got pepperoni juice rippling the outside of my chin.
I'm serious because I've been just salivating way to read this by Paul Krugman,
the rights man in New York Times today. It's time for some straight talk about
John McCain. So you'll want to hear people out there think John McCain is
something that he's not like a moderate crap like that. Just because he's got
that the tumor on his cheek or whatever he's not forget about it. It's time for
some straight talk about John McCain writes Paul Krugman. He isn't a moderate,
he's much less of a maverick than you think, and he isn't a straight talker,
he claims to be. Mr. McCain's reputation as a moderate may be based on this
former opposition to the Bush tax cuts. In 2001 he declared, I cannot in good
conscience afford a tax cut in which so many of us of the benefits go to the
most fortunate among us. But now at a time of huge budget deficits and expensive
war, when the case against tax cuts for the rich is even stronger, Mr. McCain is
happy to share our benefits on the most fortunate. He recently voted to extend
tax cuts on dividends and capital gains and action that will worsen the budget
deficit while mainly benefiting people with very high incomes. When it comes to
foreign policy, Mr. McCain was never moderate. During the 2000 campaign he called
for a policy of rogue state ruleback, anticipating the Bush doctrine of
preemptive war unveiled two years later. Mr. McCain called for a systematic
effort to overthrow nasty regimes, even if they pose no evidence threat to the US.
He singled out a rack Libby and North Korea. Mr. McCain's aggressive use on foreign
policy and his expressed willingness, almost eagerness, to commit US ground forces
overseas, explains why he and acturaged W. Bush was the favorite candidate of
the neo-conpunits like Bill Crystal of the weekly standard, the
anxious William Crystal should only rot. With Mr. McCain like Mr. Bush
affirms on pretext for invading Iraq, we'll never know. But Mr. McCain still
thinks the world was a good idea and he rejects any attempt to extricate
ourselves from the Kragmire. If success requires an increase in American troop
levels in 2016, he wrote last year, then we must increase our numbers there. He
didn't explain where the overspirits US military is supposed to find these
troops. When it comes to social issues, Mr. McCain, who once called Pat
Robertson and Jerry Falwell, agents of intolerance, met with Mr. Falwell
late last year. Perhaps as a result, he's now taken positions firmly to the
religious right. Most notably, Mr. McCain's spokesperson says that he would
assign South Dakota's extremist new anti-abortion law. He would assign it. The
spokesperson went on to say that the senator would have taken the appropriate
steps under state law to ensure the cases of rape and incest were excluded. But
that attendant qualification makes no sense. The South Dakota law has produced
national shockwaves precisely because it prohibits abortions even for victims
of rape or incest. The bottom line is that Mr. McCain isn't a moderate. He's a man
of the hard right. How far right? A statistical analysis of Mr. McCain's recent
voting record ranks him as the Senate's third most conservative member. What about
Mr. McCain's reputation as a Maverick? This comes from the fact that every now
and then he seems to declare his independence from the Bush administration as he
didn't push him through his anti-Turture bill. But a funny thing happened on the
day of the Guantanamo president Bush went signing the bill, uh, a plan to the
statement that in effect said he was free to disregard the law whenever he
choose. Mr. McCain protested but there are apparently no hard feelings. At the
recent Southern Republican Leadership Conference, he effusively praised Mr. Bush.
And I'm sorry to say this is typical of McCain. Every once in a while, he makes
headlines by apparently defying Mr. Bush, but he always returns to the full and
even if the abuses he railed against continue unabated. So here's what you need to
know about John McCain. He isn't a straight talker. His flip-flopping on tax cuts
has called us in troops we don't have to Iraq and is endorsed under the
South Dakota anti-abortion legislation, even while claiming he would find a way
around to that legislation central provision. Show he's a politician as slippery
and evasive as well, George W. Bush. He is in the moderate. Mr. McCain's policy
positions and Senate votes don't just place him right at the end of America's
political spectrum. They place him in the right wing of the Republican Party.
And he isn't a Maverick at least not when it counts. When the cameras are
rolling, Mr. McCain can sometimes be seen as striking a brave pose of opposition
to the White House. But when it matters when the Bush administration ability to do
whatever wants his at stake, Mr. McCain always toes the party line. It's worth
be calling that during the 2000 election campaign, George W. Bush was widely
portrayed by the news media both as a moderate and as a straight shooter. As Mr.
Bush has said, fool me once, shame on you. Fool me. You can't get fooled again.
Heavy duty, Paul Krupp, but just ripping an ass to John McCain is
literally so. What a phony balloon. But I was told you about that jackass. Yes,
he did with a big cheek. Never heard of that with big cheeks. Now how are we
doing speaking of big cheeks out there at our big promotes? 385.
That might have come from. Was that a tip? Yeah. A little extra.
What is that? Some old game, a little extra. It does make for a nice, even
number. It was 16,200. Maybe I'm going to like to waste some guy. I look
charge an extra five bucks. I don't know. We got 15,200, not even 400. We're not
even going to get to 500 if you people don't get with it. Here it is again. See
this, this is what I hate about doing this stuff. It takes up all our valuable
time of thinking important calls like this one WQIN. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've
found that sure of hockey. We're going to be up here at the Gateway Shopping Center
in Fort Lauderdale in Sunrise Boulevard. Wow. That's a lot of market there. They
had a whole cooler full of it and it was a buck 50 for eight ounces. And how is it?
Well, I haven't tried it yet. I'm on my way home. The only thing that worries me
is the direction, say, drain water and power boil for two to three minutes before
use to reduce the authentic aroma of sheer attacking. Right. So I'm a little
curious what it smells like. Well, just wash it off. Don't take a
whip. You'll feel a lot better about eating it. But I'll try it. It comes in
in a bag with liquid in it. And I'm going to try it tonight and I'll call
tomorrow. Let me know tomorrow. Okay, thanks, pal.
I good luck to you. Okay. I hope you're still alive. Yeah, a lot of things.
I mean, you might want to eat it, but don't smell it first.
Now, here's the deal. We got two van hits going on today. We can't even get
500 bucks. How do you cheap backstories? What's wrong with you people? Anyway,
huh? You really want to just push one of them. One of them's doing pretty good.
Killer. Is that the one that's Sonoco?
Well, Miguel, yes, son. Oh, you tell me how much we got at the other one.
$40.
I think you're full of sheer talking. How do you like that? Hey, man, I speak to
some of them letters in there.
Well, no, I can't play move for it. I'll have that grand opening.
962 votes on a poll. Oh, my God. We'll have over 1000 by the bottom of the
hour. How do you like that? Oh, I'm not sure I'd be raising the money out there.
I'm worried about these silly number of votes. What the hell?
There's a man. Anyway, so I don't even mention the other ones. I was your
saying my waste my time. No, no, I want you to push that with the other
party doing all the work here. Oh, grand opening of advanced auto parts.
Now, build to a clock at 3600 Northwest 25th Avenue in Miami.
Register why to that? When a thousand dollar advanced auto parts
shopping spree, go buy and see what's his name is out there.
Roli, Roli fingers with a big handlebar mustache.
Go out there and finger Roli and van number two corner of power line and
sunrise between US one I 95 at the Sonoma gas station is Miguel with a QM van.
Just pull right on in here and throw a whole bunch of money.
Say, give me some of them. Best of those.
20 and T-shirts 20 bucks a piece to benefit them poor little doggies and
even kitty cats abandoned pet rescue and for a lot of them.
385 bucks in an hour and ten minutes. That's pathetic.
That's even at the garlic festival. I think I did more than that.
Well, that was a happen. That was something else. Were you involved in that?
That was a problem. I worked at the Habby Deniver special baby.
The garlic festival was freezing man. Freeze in cold.
Yeah, if I involved if you mean did I show up, yes.
And so did I. Yeah, I regretted to this day.
I regretted Tommy Deniver. No wonder you're working over there for a bunch of idiots.
I remember the stairs were sinking into the muck. Yeah.
Out there in the middle of the muck and my boy, we've been sent to some really great joints or what?
Yeah, I remember one time a fundraiser in a grove.
I can't. I was just thinking that you plucked it for my brain.
It's a restaurant that's no longer around. Right?
Not in business anymore. And it was like for a Sunday morning brunch at about like 930 or 10 o'clock.
It was like a barbing through that part of the grove.
There was nobody awake. There was nobody was on a Sunday morning.
Everybody's got to like three, four in a morning, getting plaster and getting laid.
And it's 10 o'clock in the morning. There was nobody around.
I remember the restaurant was on like a side alley.
On the main thoroughfare, it was all mostly with people having their Sunday brunches in the sidewalk cafes.
And we were like in a back alley somewhere hidden away from the public.
And of course nobody came by.
This is what sales people do to you.
And I can see that we got that new sales manager, Chris Jones, man from the words he from hunger from Tennessee.
Where are we?
Ali speak of all those things.
Alana. Excuse me.
That he's really got these bastards on the only the only one to do anything is a branch.
What's he's taking care of business?
The rest of the people we don't hear squat.
There is he squatting is what they're doing.
Or maybe they're after because he looking for a new job.
Iraq on the brink. Look at that.
Speech is going to see steps up to the podium.
We are going to.
Oh, and here's Carol Phillips again.
Licky, licky, licky, licky.
Oh my God. Her tongue has got gangrene.
She could, she could chop that baby off and soak it in a listerine.
And it's still going to have gangrene.
How do you like that?
Carol Phillips.
Her and Dana Bash put them both on the same put them on the space shuttle.
One that definitely won't get out of the way.
Get off the ground and then come crash and straight back down.
God, Dana Bash.
I don't see her more or more on Luzovs.
Is she on her anymore?
I don't know.
He may have just had her reassigned like to the bukeye or someone.
It wasn't on last week.
I'll tell you what.
Let's give it a listen.
He might have like said get that get that shrunken head off of my show already.
That the bush suck up off of this show.
What a good move that would be.
Maybe she had a look with Ricky Tiki sent it.
12 minutes after where they could all go off with Rita Cosby to find
was missing her coins.
Hey, when it comes to mattresses, there were a lot of gimmicks.
The latest are so-called sleep numbers.
Otherwise known as air mattresses.
They're only warranty and full for two years.
They squeed, they popped.
They can lose their setting to rebut in the costume arm and leg.
If you really want a high quality brand name mattress that lasts you for years and years,
for almost ever, then call my good friends with dial amacrus at 1-800 mattress like I've
been doing for many years myself.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you get no run-arounds.
None of those show room shenanigans.
No pepperoni juice dripping down your chin.
Just factory direct prices on the best brands you know and trust.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you pick from Florida's largest inventory of soda.
Seely, Simmons, King Quarrel, Temporabetic, Stearns and Parsley.
He would already for same day.
Liberia prices lower than so-called big name chain stores,
even during those supposed big sales.
So call for the best deal all the way around 1-800 mattress.
And then liberate that bed, the date and time you want it to our
Liberia window that you pick out that's convenient for you.
All the Q-amers including me are satisfied customers.
You ought to be too.
Call today 1-800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com.
You can be sleeping like a baby a suitor tonight if you make that call right now.
1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Spandex Pants.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-S.
1-800-MATTRES.
Iran's down as dirt.
2-800-MATTRES.
5-25-Q-A-S.
6-8-4-25-Q-A-S.
5-25-Q-A-S.
5-25-Q-A-S.
7-8-2-3-2-3-2-2-3.
4-800-MATTRES.
Yes, we may end up.
But we have this way.
4-800-MATTRES.
We will make.
You die.
4-800-MATTRES.
We will make.
4-800-MATTRES.
We will make.
4-800-MATTRES.
4-800-MATTRES.
We will make.
We will make.
4-800-MATTRES.
We will make.
4-800-MATTRES.
6-800-2-3-2-3-2-3.
4-800-2-3-2-3-2-3.
4-800-3-2-3-2-3-2-3.
4-800-2-3-2-3-2-3.
4-800-2-3-2-3-2-3.
4-800-2-3-2-3.
We love the troubles.
When those palm relative close to light,
we will make.
You die.
4-800-MATTRES.
For my name is heaven.
When we now come through,
All shall join our eyes.
Cash, whatever we were given
To the pungent, who ate women.
A dress that we'd die.
To the doodoo to the doodoo to the doodoo to the
We'll change your mind and
It won't be hard
To buy the heart of the old face car.
It won't be hard to do the sweet
For that you won't be
But we will make you guys.
Okay good, one eighteen and five sixty WQM.
Clinton advisor, look out, here comes Al Gore.
Here comes Al.
You're not excited about that?
If you saw this photograph of him on the raw story on this page,
He looks so...
Yeah, like an old troll.
And I heard it was a fat...
Fat and gay.
Like an old troll.
I wonder what Tipper would think about this picture?
Oh, there's your president.
The security of our nation depends on the advance of liberty
And other nations.
Oh, there you go.
What are we going to get some back?
Like a completely refurbished pre-owned vehicle, Al Gore seems to be positioning himself
To Hillary Clinton's left and greener than John Kerry for a run for the
2000 and maybe he looks a little green in this picture.
Maybe he got some bad pepperoni.
For the run of the two thousand eight democratic nominations for president,
In fact, there's a little pepperoni juice dripping down his left side of his chin.
His slow-ventage while reading, we elect Al Gore,
Vice-former Bill Clinton, advisor Dick Morris, who's nothing but a turncoat,
In a syndicated column today.
Dick Morris.
The former vice president is slashing attacks on the administration in his
stalwart opposition to the Iraq war, leaving without the complications and complicities
That will develop Clinton as she seeks to appeal to the unforgiving left of the Democratic Party.
And Gore may be a man whose time has come in this party.
It was he who wore a climate change in predicting its consequences.
Hurricane Katrina was just a fulfillment of the prophecy Gore wrote about his late 80s book,
Earth in the Balance.
He has been an energy conservation nut for years,
and his obsessions with alternative story will play better and better,
has become to realize how our addictions to the world led us to dependency on the viewers
of this particular drug, Iran, the Super-South-E world family, and Jivo Chavez.
The Saudi-World family, man, old brother.
What a bunch!
The Democratic face is anger-regors to Pete in 2000 was a swage by the worst-carried defeat of 2004.
The idea that he was an incompetent candidate has been replaced in democratic iconography
by the idea that he was cheated out of the presidency, which of course he was.
The Hyatis has healed his reputation within the base.
Much the same way the negative rap on Nixon for losing in 60 was ameliorated by the Goldwater wipeout of 64.
History indicates that candidates who won the popular vote for lost in the electoral college
have all come back to win revenge and subsequent elections.
All of them, how do you like that?
Andrew Jackson, she did in 1824, won in 1828.
Remember that?
Grover Cleveland, she did in 1888, triumphed in 1892.
Samuel Tillman won the popular vote in 1876.
Never ran again, but he dealt away the White House and the deal for the withdrawal of federal troops
from the South, allowing the Ku Klux Klan to take over.
And they're still around.
They're still doing their thing, with or without the sheets.
So I forget to ask you about that big number, I bet you we got like 600.
No, we got 510.
510.
Yeah.
Well, that's a little step up, huh?
You got to look on the bright side here, you're so I don't know, you always say it like with that.
What do you want from these bastards?
I'm not going to buddies any money.
They're not going to cut loose with any cash.
They're busy fixing up their roof and their pool and their patio and their fences and their driveway and their house.
Do you have any idea how long it's going to take before people actually get there?
And of course we got hurricane season coming in just a couple of months.
Right.
In May, right?
Maybe one November?
So you better get with them, I'll get everything fixed real fast because boy it's an SD scene.
So these people don't have time or money for us?
At least that's what they would tell us.
Of course in the meantime if they got a pool and a patio, how come they can afford 20 bucks for poor abandoned dogs?
Oh, I can't tax you anymore.
Why not?
We can't make any long distance calls out of the building and I'm not sure why, but we can't.
You can't make any long distance calls out of the building.
That includes the tax machine.
Wanna hear the sound it's making?
Yeah.
It's just doing that fast busy thing.
Oh, like that.
By the way, we have five, fifteen.
Well, geez, wow.
How about that?
I said that with more enthusiasm.
That's better.
See if you, if you'd be more enthusiastic and said so, negative, these people would all zoom over there to that sonoco.
Now how much of it is coming from that advanced auto parts appearance?
The same as I said last time.
Forty?
That's right.
Forty?
No, forty.
See, you're just embarrassing me with that.
Is that the last one of those deals?
Because you can tell the lovely McGill, I'm not doing those no more.
Okay, I'm not, I will not do that on the ear.
Okay, I don't know what to do.
I'm not going to do it.
It's embarrassing or it's humiliating.
Okay, it's embarrassing enough to work on this radio station except on payday.
But I mean, God, forty bucks.
Now where the hell is that?
Northwest 25th Avenue in Miami.
Do we have any audience over that area?
Of course not.
Like last week, you gave me one on Flagler Street for Christ's Day.
It's on Kayocho.
Uh-huh.
And how did we get there?
I gave you one, yeah.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I
I am not. I'm not — I'm not, visit
I'm not.) You mean, tonight we're going to the
if you want to help us out find it's not that's okay we understand you're
cheap you don't care about the dogs don't care about me don't care about this
show don't care about George Josh anybody don't care about poor Duff the
puppies little puppies little kitty cats we had birds the ones that are
probably transmitting the flu WQ a Q a M hello
WQ a M hello hello
N yes sir yeah hi I just came back this is a PR for you a little while
promotional with that this is a fabulous tape I just picked up over here and I'm
really happy with yeah okay WQ a M nobody there wow Q I M hello
hello Niel yes sir I think anybody's been five years in a prisoner of war
can no grounds in the president in fact I think the next time he comes to
Florida we should Baker act what do you think okay sounds good to me John
McCann is a real pain okay I think I think maybe he spent too much time in
there I think this guy's got a good point it's certainly affected the
side of his head of course that's it yeah they shouldn't make fun of that
fact that he had a tumor on his cheek away that is what about he is a
pain in the ass I'll say that I'd damn 992 votes by the time we come back from
the break we'll have over 600 bucks of race for a band and pay rescue today and
we'll have over a thousand votes on the pool what's not to like I think we can go
home at that point don't you mission as somebody I know would say mission accomplished
I'll tell you when you're shopping for shoes where you can accomplish that
mission real real easily and that's it brandy shoes and pompato beach for the
most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes brandy is the place baby
they carry a humongous unmatchable selection of all the top brands in the
shoe binners rock port for shine echo the fisto s a s new balance what's not to
like and a brandy you can be damn sure you'll always get a perfect customized
video favorite comfort shoe as for Arnie he'll take good care of you in your
tutsis the pros of brandy's even specialized in wide widths as well for
those of you with big fat embarrassing feet so brandy's is worth your trip
from just about any place in town don't forget it's unbeatable comfort style
fit value and selection think brandy shoes at 1290 nor federal highway
pompato beach brandy is open every day of the week Monday to Saturday till 9
and every Sunday till 5 and every week they got a special for to save you in
more cash this week it's a great time to buy four shines at brandy's in a
free belt that did over 25 bucks when you buy a pair of four-shime shoes and
some great savings on ladies shoes as well so be sure to get your button the
store this week at brandy's or do your shoe shopping on the prestigious website
brandy's shoes dot com this is Neil Roger this is 5.62
a.m. we are the banana republic baby only in Miami from the creators of the
apprentice who do you think you can find it's hillbilly apprentice we can
save lots of money our whole family can share one toothbrush and we can tell
the rest on the back of all 12 is only got nine teeth and you don't need teeth
to back it's only home we can sell grandma's blimmer I can't live without my
liver got up grandma he's got two of them we can sell grandma's do over I can't
live without my two-man hillbilly apprentice I can make money by telling my
other way hey that's nothing like it I think that we can raise a lot of money for
ban and pay rest you by just having hope so like somebody maybe Josh can do
it sneak around a building when nobody you know like late at night and steal a
bunch of stuff like a lot of the old memorabilia and stuff and they will sell it
on eBay all right I'll work on it I'll work on it okay thousand three votes on
the pool we got that mission to take care of mission accomplished there much
better than one that your president claims to accomplish and on the cash
raising front we got six sixty what's wrong that's not so off we bad if you
to push it more we got into a thousand we got a half hour to go let's see
seventy five and carry one four sixteen thousand four seventy five is what I'm
looking at right now and we go wait right till two o'clock at two hell split
at two go over to Taco Bell oh here's the ideal it's a done deal now not
but it makes a difference but while CNN is showing you Bush from the house
give you a parent understood that if they failed just keep repeating the same old
crap over and over and over again they give it in work at first it's still going
to work to fool me once that liberal Democrat and potential White House
contender Russ fine gold says he proposed century and president Bush for
authorizing domestic eavesdropping and since the White House misled Americans
about its legality the president has broken law and in some way must be held
accountable he told the AP in an interview
absolutely the correction a censure resolution would simply would school the
president's been used just once in us history against Andrew Jackson 1834
now I remember what Andrew Jackson was 1814 took a little trip
Senate Majority Leader Bill Fist right wing fanatic of Tennessee called
the proposal a crazy political move that would weaken the US during wartime
all everything always the same excuse nine eleven and wartime the war on
terror the war on terror the five pays resolution to be introduced today
contends that Bush violated law went on his own he set the up the eavesdropping
program within the NSA in the month following on eleven but a beat that
a book put about and it goes on we're told about that I probably was like
something you were an exciting good old Russ fine gold good Jewish boy from
Wisconsin man what do you think about that I think censures a crack craft is
what I do well well you know in pieces the way to go right 20 or 20 and police
yeah yeah that'll stop him John Nichols writes port deal question what is the
white house still hiding president Bush after watching his already low
approval rating take a die because of his miss handling of the issue wants
memories of the controversy about whether the by-ports roads and run since
these coasts ports to fade away fast uh-uh Republicans in Congress want to
wear that severe damage has been done to the public in person that their
party is serious about national security want the controversy to go away see
there are only serious about one thing that's how much money they can rape how
much money they can squeeze out everybody like a sponge they're raping and
polluting and the plunging in whatever they're in whatever Democrats in
Congress punch drum from the experience of actually prevailing in a standoff
with the White House appear to be quite willing to pop the champagne
courts into clear victory and a Washington press call that loves neat little
stories with beginnings and ends even if the end in this case takes the form of
clear as mud announcements by the UAE firm that would shift control of ports of
New York and other major cities to a US entity is more than willing to bend
once more to the world of official Washington but the one member of Congress
who just can't quite go with the flow perhaps because of his past race with
conventional wisdom is so frequent to put him on the right side of history is not
letting go US representative little Dennis Kissinich the Cleveland Democrat who
knows the thing or two about ports from his days as mayor of a big city on Lake
Geary and the days when great lakes ports were still going strong is now
wanting to pretend that all the issues raised by the administration's attempt
to sneak through approval of a move that would have shifted operational
control of six ports to the by ports world would have been settled the port
deal is not dead says Kissinich much as they would like to Congress must not allow
this administration to sweep this under the rug Congress must fulfill its
constitutional duty and provide aggressive oversight of this ill advise and
misguided deal Congress must continue to investigate this deal of insure
similar deals which put the security of our nation at grave risk cannot
have it again and of course the fact that it's not a done deal is the fact
do by inviting Oprah to come over and do a bunch of shows over there maybe they
just like the Oprah show you think that's what it's all about well who
doesn't right anybody with a brain who's sent us to the ranking Democratic
member of the House government reform some committee on national security
emerging threats and international relations has invoked the House's little
used resolution of inquiry procedure and an attempt to force the Bush administration
to turn over documents relating to whatever security review was conducted
with regard to the port deal specifically who sent us is demanding that the
White House and the Department of Homeland Security turn over to Congress
one all documents in their position regarding the December 13 2005 post
garden television coordination center document materials which could show
that the Bush administration had been informed of security concerns
regarding the UAE for a May to all documents in their position regarding
discussions between the White House and Dubai for its world relating to the
Committee on Foreign Investment Process for approving the acquisition materials
which could show that the administration work with the UAE to help advance the
deal and three all documents in their position regarding discussions between
the White House and the Carlisle group between October 1st 2005 and March 2nd 2006
materials which could shed light on whether the president's enthusiasm for the
port deal might have been stoked by contacts with international business
interest with which his father remains closely associated for your father for
your father how far will Cassinus get with this demand for documents from the
White House that is never forthcoming when it comes to cooperating with
Congress that depends in large part on his fellow House Democrats and on those
scared House Republicans were so busy claiming to the cameras that they
wanted to get to the bottom of all issues raised by the port deal under House
rules when a member introduces a resolution inquiry must be taken up by an
appropriate committee in this case the House Financial Services Committee within
14 legislative days if the committee which of course has a Republican majority
votes to squalves the resolution then the White House is off the hook that's
likely to happen unless House Democrats pick up Cassinus's call and make it
off noise to keep the issue alive unless they keep poking loose dogs in the
jails if Congress ran as it should this would not be a partisan issue and
past members of this presence part often demanded accountability from the
executive branch but in this almost fully dysfunctional Congress that
would be party only a net democratic demand will give Cassinus his important
initiative a chance unfortunately House Democrats intended to put the little
of the indisfunctional for some time now so Cassinus again could be left in the
unendable position of having to wait for history to approve him right again just
like he was about the war and some of these other things visit a little short
guy with a bad wig and no personality so what chances he got what's up with
his teeth got bad teeth to end of the notion or his feet
you're the one is always talking about feet
okay but where the hell is that the all I know what I'm looking for
where the hell is that thing
about that's Cassinus oh he's a little guy kind of funny looking
it was worth it
a thousand and thirteen votes on the poll the marlins man now they're going to
be blaming me it's the hoppers fall it's the O'Rodgers fall it's Georgia's
fall because you know like the first place it's Josh court is fall because
he and working with the team no more he jumped off the bandwagon so what we
got a new number is that coming after the break that'll be coming after the
break I can't wait I'm on pins and needles with the searchers man and tomorrow
we're going to get an update on the cheer of talk yeah I just don't what's
going on here last you know we had that big blast all right to be honest with
it was no big deal you know the thirty of an array I don't know what I was
expecting I expected a little something you know
there it is needles and pins by the searchers about sixty three a show it's
sixty four sixty three sixty four I was close I was right on it very close I
covered my ass yeah I don't know what's expecting but it's a you know I think
South Florida they were where where where's the love we need motor come out
where was the love you know I just it just ain't there they shot their load of
love last week and whenever it was we go wind it I was it
but remember that's all my monotones the load of love the bucket load of love
now you watch it you're gonna get loaded under the back of a pickup truck and
run out in the middle of the abbergates and they're gonna be seen no mole and
Joyce is gonna be Joyce is gonna be like a driving in january will be
shredding shotgun by the way nice job in wake oh Janet I saw that was also in
the biography thing about David Karech now granted he was crazy that a bed bug
and so all in his followers but that was a beautiful job being done there right
the ATF and Janet although we will give her high marks for the alien away they
finally got his ass out of there nice call a Jenny you go boy and
spotably somebody for a business we got in town in Dave County oh
alienito come on you still got your right get out again get away the life go
play dominoes go play some fancy domino records 20 till 2
QAM B4 has gone mad folks they're crazy than a bed bug crazy than some of our
colors it's madness and March all this month of beach for they just missed
breaking their all-time record last month so guess what they're gonna do with
this a month right now and now extended cam 4150 there was always $249 a
month with just $995 down plus fees with a from credit 39 monthlies madness
and marching beach for means you must be crazy than a bed bug if you don't
take advantage of rebates and discuss up to ten thousand dollars on all new
and used vehicles now if you're not in the market yourself for new car but
if somebody who is send their ass into beach for because if they take delivery
this month beach for will send you 200 bucks for sending them by that money
comes from their advertising budget so won't jack up your friends price
don't miss out on this once a year event beach for its madness and March
going on right now these deals are unbeatable extended cam 4250 is low as
just $249 a month discounts and rebates up to ten thousand dollars and
$200 in cash is for sending by a friend or just on the stranger on a
street corner hurry and beach for it is located two miles east of the golden
glades on 163 west is the highway tell Paul that old Neil sent you by
here on t.a. you will absolutely love your beach forward experience this is
the new Rogers this is 5.62 a
so Rogers guy tonight let me speak directly to the citizens of our country
America is in decline our culture is doomed to unravel and I will do my part
American families will face a massive tax increase they do not expect and will
not welcome our nation has only one option corruption and the drug trade our
as members of Congress to support staggering tax increases in misdeficits and
defeatism that refuses to acknowledge anything but failure in the coming year
we'll cut ethical corners and we will never strengthen the ethical standards of
Washington may God bless America
oh yeah he's doing it baby
that's a very good one forty five a Q.A.M. so anyway we got a thousand and twenty
five votes on the pool and time for that big and big update
over a couple hundred drug.
Welcome to it.
야 sabesaga at the moon you're not an emergency
I don't know.
I don't know who he is.
Listen, you guys are going to have to, you know, adjust your dietary habits in a little
bit more.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know who who he is.
situation going on. Oh, generally, when that's the reason that one leaves the room, they
leave right as soon as they fire off that moment. Maybe all of a sudden, like an
intestine, like a little something, like during the last spot, he just got up and ran
out of here. Well, if he got up and ran out, then all of a sudden nature call, like it
is not like you can time it. You know how that goes? Maybe nature crank called. Something
that could be it too. Maybe it was a Prozac Ron showed up in his, a perfect. Yeah. Got
George Clinton. Remember we were talking about him last week and I said, I don't know if
a little about him, I like him better now, although I, yeah, there's something about him
that just leaves me. He's a good guy. He's just kind of a dullard. He writes a column on
the Huffington Post. I am a liberal. There I said it. I am a liberal and I make opologies
for it. Hell, I'm proud of it. Too many people run away from the label. They whisper it
like you'd whisper Amanasi, like it's dirty word. But turn away from saying I'm a liberal
and it's like you're turning away from saying that black should be loud as sitting in front
of the bus. There women should be able to vote and get paid the same as a man. Then McCarthy
was wrong. That Vietnam was a mistake. It started by Joe McCarthy now. Ed. And that
Sodom was saying had no ties to Elkhayda and had nothing to do with 9-11. This is an
incredibly polarized time. I wonder how that happened. But I find that more and more,
people are trying to find things that we can agree on. And for me, one of the things we
absolutely need to agree on, that's it, is the idea that we're allowed to question
authority. We have to agree that it's not on patriotic. Hold our leaders accountable
to speak up. You come back yet or not. That's one of the things that drew me to make
a film about Murrow. When you hear Murrow say we mustn't confuse the cent with this
loyalty and we can't defend freedom in home by deserting it at home. It's like he's
commenting on today's headlines. The fear of being criticized, maybe there was like
a bomb threat or something and they left you sitting there. You know, well, that's
to be expected. Yeah. Maybe the buildings on fire and you're just sitting there. I
could very well be. The fear of being criticized can be paralyzing. Just look at the way
some of the Democrats caved in the run up to the war. In 2003, a lot of us were saying
where is the link between Sodom and Vinladen? What does their back have to do with 9-11?
Where is the love? We know it was Vulshman, which is why it drives me crazy to all these
Democrats saying we were misled. It makes me want to shout, if you, you weren't misled,
you were afraid of being called on patriotic. Bottom line, it's not merely our right to
question our government. It's our duty. Whatever the consequences, we can't
to manipulate them as speech, then turn around and say, but please don't say bad things
about us. You've got to be growing up and take your hits. I'm a liberal, fire away,
he says. So Josh Fortis is AWOL. He's missing. Let's see, is there an action or an action?
He got up and he ran out. No, no, no.
Will he be turned? This might drop one. How do I have to fire off that? That's great.
You may have to get up and go in the tea room and see if he's okay. He might just have
like a assuming he's in there. And it will wear out more else what he be. Who else gets
up in the middle of a show and just walks out? He does? No, no. Not, hey, wow. Other people
think that maybe he's got a collapse in the hallway like Beenerboy, maybe he's trying
to be like an encore. Speaking of George Clooney and movies and liberals and stuff like that,
crash a red line. Okay, let's get the load on this. Hey, don't answer that phone. We
got more important entries. All of a sudden he's taking down total numbers. What do
we just take it out total numbers? You just gave them to me? We have more. We got 735.
If you're still alive, that's the latest we got. Now that you've done doing your uno-ghost
race in Quantro. Yeah, sorry about that. Why? Well, you must have been just explosive.
It's just one of those ones you didn't really want to get up from. Oh, no. Really? I don't
want to hear. I don't want to go into all of these. No. Oh, God. Does he have pepperoni juice
dribbling down his chin? That is chin. Oh, God. Pantleg? Well, maybe it looks like he
thought it was anyway. What do we got? We got a number or something. You said we got
735. Yeah, yeah. That's what George told me. Well, what are we talking to? Rollie called,
but you know, why bother, Rolly? We feel sorry for Rolly, Poehli, man. He's out there
all by himself. Anyway, this is important stuff. At least to me anyway, the audience could
care less. They're waiting here. Ron Colligan. Tanaf is best picture win for crash. Paul Haggis
is in final negotiations, direction, produce against all enemies. The project based on Richard
Clark's best selling memoir, chronicling the Bush administration's handling of terrorist
threats. This is going to be great. It's going to be like another Fahrenheit 9-11. Clark,
former US terrorism, Zara offers the ultimate insight as account of the nation's security
apparatus, featuring a cast of power brokers that includes President Bush, Condor Leaser,
Donald Rumsfeld and himself. The book was published by Free Press in March, 2004, at number
one on the New York Times best seller list, fueling intense criticism over the administration's
security figures, and its decision to go to over their rack. It is unclear whether Haggis
will tackle Columbia Pictures hot button political drama next or sandwich in another directing
project first. Either way, he will initially supervise, scribe James Vanderbilt, who is
pending a second draft of enemies. Haggis is currently writing death and dishonor for
one of our other pictures, which he is attached to direct. He's attached to a direct.
And this is having a best picture of him for crash. Haggis also went to Stanchow and
went to the film's original screenplay with Bobbi Marisco and earning Marisco in shout-chow
knock yourself out. His producing credits also included last year's best picture. We're
in a million dollar baby, which he's dead. Paul Haggis, baby, I had a story that he was
like flat broke, but now evidently he's in great demand. He's doing well now. He's
doing extremely well. So when we come back after the last break, then we're going to have
that final update. Our guarantee will be like $20,000.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 A.M.
And Pit Guard.
Alright.
One was a blizzard, blizzard, and I was going to run when the blizzard is on.
Three, three, five, five, four, four, five, and thing on here, it looks so dumb.
Where is that thing? Looks like it hurts in the same size as the rise door of a mirror.
I've seen one that looks good yet, and I've seen how many calls, give what that gets.
More and less of this, and it's literally high.
So it's gonna be more and less of this, and it's not a high pretentious one with the blizzard.
It's literally high, but it's your amount with the blizzard.
Where that earpiece is so job, it's like you're a coolist, a dude of that.
Trying to speak, I was gunning his, with a calculator, traffic insurance, and he's enjoying it.
You didn't have to call me for a hand-on ring, it's through a job, and the fingers are like a drop of human tree.
My mind was a blizzard, I'm flitting it out, it's over, my mind was a blizzard, I'm flitting it out.
I ain't out, my mind was a blizzard, it's through, my mind was a blizzard, I was flitting it out.
How's your driver doing, Leather Man? Is Detroit Wheels?
How is he still alive? Did you have to put a blue dress on?
We got that, by the way, I don't want to play it, but we got it.
You know we got it.
Do we have likely original one?
There you go.
I'll tell you.
Make a rider get caught.
So Bill Clinton had to go through impeachment proceedings because of a moniker and a blue dress in the stain.
But in the meantime we got all these blood stains on it, this president's hands, based on a pile of lies.
We got thorns being tapped, mailed being opened, all of these things.
We got thorny baloney deals being made with countries that are like flying planes into our buildings and killing our people.
But in the meantime, maybe we got to censure him.
Yeah, scolding.
Right, give me maybe a spanking.
You're bad.
1046 votes, will you vote any Marlins games this evening?
What's the final total, by the way, I'm sorry.
Final total, 805.
Well that's not bad at all.
See, from the depths of the spare, I'm bitching and moaning and puking and it's screaming.
That's what I do.
I get these people off there at 16,000, 620.
805.
Well that's what it takes.
You know, you know how they speak.
You got to just whip them into a frenzy.
That's not bad at all.
On a Monday.
On a Monday right after the spring break when people are trying to get their lives back together again.
1046 votes on a Marlin games.
Maybe a couple of go to 261.
I'll pack up the sandwiches.
Move already to 42.
Bye bye.
No, they screwed the fans again, 232.
I hate baseball.
No way I'm going 150.
Did you vote for that?
Oh, yeah, that's what I voted for.
Yes, several, several, several, it's your strongest fault the Marlins are leaving.
Yes, several games 78.
I hate this poll 68.
And season ticket orders.
Take a look at that.
Each your heart's out, David Samson and Jeffrey Luria.
16 season ticket orders.
Bye bye bye.
