Friday you bastard!
Oh what's the problem officer?
The floor from the vehicle.
What's the problem officer?
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt,
you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new law is an effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this, they are only following orders.
It's for your own protection and the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorists act such as mouth noise, curping, and fighting.
But be annoying to others, so under Patriot Act 2,
eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
You like saying that the law.
The law.
It's the law.
It's the law, it is.
It's 10-1-2-560 WQAM.
Happy, Friday to you.
So did you add food?
I don't see food on that.
I added it.
I don't see it.
You're getting all defensive now, I don't see it.
Telling you.
Oh there is.
Don't have any votes right, whatever.
Well I guess if I talk too much about food, it's bad for my fat listeners out there
because then it inspires them to go out there.
It's all he talks about, it's all that candy and ice cream and crap.
And it's got my taste buds always blaming somebody else.
That's right, always blame me for your own weaknesses and fatness.
Somebody has to eat something else.
You're curious.
Another for US soldiers and US marine died in the Rackhamil-Terry-Sed and Stamins today.
The death spring to 2824, the number of US soldiers of violence since the war in Iraq began.
2824 people dead for what?
For absolutely nothing.
It's worth it.
And a 306 body is very signs of torture scattered around the Iraqi capital of Iraq dead in the past 24 hours.
All the current victims of sectarian death squads.
All the things are going swimmingly well over there.
The bodies all men between the ages of 20 and 45 were found between 6 o'clock yesterday morning and 6 o'clock this morning.
All more civilian clothing had been bound at the wrist and ankles.
The police lieutenant said bodies showed signs of having been tortured to come and practice among religious extremists
who seize victims from private homes or from cars and buses traveling from the capital's dangerous streets.
There's nothing more religious than torturing people.
I think that's really great.
That wins a lot of points with Allah.
Doesn't it? Allah Akbar. Allah God Yahweh.
You didn't.
Oh, I crap. They all of it.
Here's the poll from yesterday. Do you consider yourself completely open-minded? Oh yeah, right.
Although thank God at least it went under 50%. I hate to think that over half our audience lies to themselves and to us.
But they completely open-minded. 756.40 and a half percent of the audience said they're completely open-minded.
They don't have no printed juice against nobody.
You believe that? No. Have we ever met this person? No.
Pregnantist, 544. I hate this poll 137.
Race is 67 and a total bigot, a real bigot and piece of crap only 54.
So, I hate to everybody.
Jews, blacks, spags, a quarter weekend, human, soul, whatever they are.
That's right.
Hate yourself. Oh yeah.
Sports talk.
Here's today's poll.
And I figured I'd give them a chance and I don't understand why I hate this poll is doing so well again.
Maybe that's the new crank-do-jure.
No matter what the poll is going to be, that's going to be the leading...
Maybe I'll stop putting that on there.
I did. You did what? Stop putting it on there.
You're through those people. You do it.
No. Have a good time doing it. You've seen them.
Neil talks too much about, there's 823 votes.
We got that thousand-lick I would say.
For that morning show, we're so sporty. You know what I mean? It's a sports show.
Neil talks too much about, I hate this poll 170, 20.6%.
Why would they hate to poll? It doesn't have a chance to like with me and ask. That's the idea.
Maybe that's the idea.
These dumb polls 133. I told you there's Michael J. Fox spinning and twisting and twirling.
I don't want to sound insensitive. I don't want to see him. I don't want to see that.
I don't want to sound like an insensitive lot like bad ass rush.
I just don't want to see a visa on polls 133. Well, too bad.
Of course, racing 115. Oh yeah, the breeder's cup tomorrow. Any interest?
No.
Thanks, Cellway. Today he's at the Louisville. Louisville.
I'm working on it.
I'm working on it.
How about those panthers beat the Leafs 4 to 2 last night? At least miss the team bus.
Man, he's been 57. Politics is... Wait a minute, 67.
Politics is 61. Sales holds 58. Almost 47.
That Matt Castles could play for my team any day of the week. And he does.
George W. Bush 42. What was that? The tennis player's name? Andre?
On an... On an... Far-Blinjant? A. B. Ishkibiddle.
Yeah. George W. Bush 42. Too much bush-bashing. Religion 24 and food.
Soltamente Uno, only one. Well, this one on there. But... And probably the one is from whoever facts that in.
What's wrong with talking about food? At least there are... At least there are somethings.
I was like, when we used to do all those movie shows. I don't like movies. Remember that?
That's our audience. That's the soft Florida crowd.
We've never heard of anybody who doesn't like movies. Or at least a good movie.
Right? Or music.
For every once in a while. It's so stupid. It's embarrassing. But then again, it's soft Florida for you.
I wonder... I guess I could play the audio from Dracula. There's no four-reletter words in that.
Yeah, but we missed out the good parts already.
Oh. And one, he's a...
George, if you don't send me away, you must come step off what will happen to this Nina.
All right, Martin. Come along. Come along.
I'm just saying, sir, I'm excited himself.
We'll be. We'll be.
It'll get planned that the crew was in central Europe.
It's funny. It's not easy. You need to protect the...
But in all these other... All the other crap that they came up with in over the years, all these make believe a Dracula.
There's only one Dracula like Father Maren said in the Exorcist. There is only one.
Remember that scene? There is only one.
At any rate, what's all my talking about? See there, go with movies again.
We don't like movies and we don't like food. That's for the amateur.
Quit talking so much about food and about ice cream and all that candy. Those merry james that George keeps teasing you with.
Yeah, yeah. I was even throwing that away.
Couldn't you put that envelope and send it to me?
I was... Put cockroaches on the...
Yeah, we're such a...
You're such a knit-wit that it's just amazing.
Yeah, well... What do I know?
Pastor Ted Hagrid is now admitting that some of the allegations by former gay escort Mike Jones are true.
Oh my God.
In the email obtained by Denver Channel, a new Channel 13 acting senior pastor Ross Parsley, who was on TV the little while ago, a real snobbish screamer, says Hagrid confessed to the Board of Overseers.
Parsley told members of new life church he has willingly and humbly submitted to the authority of the Board of Overseers and will remain on administrative leave during the Cross of the Investigation.
The email goes on to say leadership team is strong and united.
We remain resolute in our commitment to serving new life church and the people of our community.
It also asks members to continue to keep Ted and Gale and their family in your prayers.
Put your hands in your knees together and your cheeks.
Back to them.
Ted Hagrid was the senior pastor of the 14,000-member new life church in Colorado Springs.
He placed himself on leave from the church duties yesterday afternoon.
He also resigned from his position as president of the National Association of Evangelicals, which encompasses 30 million Getsky's, 30 million lunatics.
Jones told reporters that he's stepping forward with charges now because he's concerned that Hagrid doesn't practice what he preaches.
Jones laid out his charges during a talk show on Denver radio station K-H-O-W-K-How.
Jones also acute aegroid of using drugs, throogs.
Pastor Hagrid first denied the accusations interview with Denver TV station K-U-S-A Wednesday night.
He told the TV station that he doesn't know Mike Jones never had a relationship outside his marriage.
Hagrid has been a vocal supporter of the Colorado Marriage Amendment, which replaced language in the state constitution defining marriage as a relationship between one man and one woman.
That amendment is drawn angry opposition from gay rights groups needless to say.
Many Hagrid supporters questioned the timing of the allegations just days before the general election.
The group Colorado's for marriage issue statement yesterday afternoon saying, this is a difficult situation for Pastor Hagrid and his family.
However, we will not let this distract the efforts to pass the Colorado Marriage Amendment.
Mike Jones, the male escort making the charges against higher claim boys.
He ever ugly or what? He's got a crater for us. Good God. He'd have to pay me before I touch him with your hand.
Gross. Mike Jones, the male escort making the charges claims to have voice messages.
Another evidence that will support his charges isn't just claim to have. He's got them.
They've played him before and then they expert came in and he analyzed the voice messages and Hagrid's real voice. That's him.
Gay. There he is.
I think I had to do the moral thing in my mind and that is exposed someone who is preaching one thing but doing the opposite.
Oh, there's no such people. Jones claims his relationship with Hagrid continue over a three-year period.
And the beat goes on. Which, you know, that inspired me. Not often my inspired, but that inspired me to Google and go back and get a story from two years ago, September 12, 2004 from the LA Times.
Want to hear just a little bit of it? Okay.
Tell Evangelist Paul Krauch attempts to keep accuser quiet. A former worker at TV and Trinity Broadcasting threatened to disclose in alleged 1996 homosexual encounter.
Oh, my God.
Well, it seems to be a common thread running through this. At least Jim Baker, he was well, he was didlin' both. Right. Everybody.
Tell Evangelist Paul Krauch, founder of the world's largest Christian Broadcasting network has waged a fierce legal battle to prevent a former employee from publicizing allegations that he and Krauch had a sexual encounter eight years ago.
Krauch, 70, is the president of Trinity Broadcasting Network based in Orange County, California, whose Christian programming reaches millions of viewers around the world via satellite cable and broadcast stations.
The source of the allegations against him is Enoch Lonney Ford, a black man who met Krauch and TV and affiliate of the Direct Treatment Center of 1991 and later went to work for the ministry.
Actor Ford threatened to sue TV in a 1998 cleaning lady, even unjustly fired. Krauch received a 420, I reached a $425 settlement with him and returned Ford agreed among other things not to discuss his claim about a sexual encounter.
But in the last year Ford has threatened to go public with a stir up prompting a flurry of legal maneuvers conducted in close to court hearing sealed pleadings and private arbitration in the court papers.
Krauch's and that of the allegations of ministry officials have described Ford who has a history of drug problems and a served time for a sex offense as a liar and extortionist.
He said the 425 grand was a good start, but he wants 10 million. And which ought to be a jump change for a guy like Paul Krauch, do you think?
Sure, he's got it right there. And his makeup is expensive. That all that makeup she wears.
Oh, yeah. Cost of her in a leg. Pancake. 842 votes on the poll. Only 3-stay. I talked too much about food. So we're going to talk about food every single day on and on and on till I quote.
What now talks about food? We talk about candy every now and then. All you talk about, like, egg beaters and the white beaters.
Oh, yeah, right. Egg beaters, my ass. Yeah, best of all, I talk about that about the omelettes and toast and pretada.
You're going to host how a toast sounds a little bit like Miguel. Do you ever know? No, just a little bit. I haven't noticed. Of course I don't.
Because you know, listen to the morning show. That could be why. How can you comment on the Kimmy and Bo morning show?
I can't hear from 7 to 10 every morning. I can't hear right. Well, here's a line of today.
Mad Dog and Hooters in Pompo'no 2 to 4. And then you got your power out with the mad dog solo 4 to 5.
Because there's no Humper around that he's busy at doing hot tossing around for the breeder's cup tomorrow.
So instead of a Humper, we got Yaldi again, 5 to 7. Oh, brother, if you think that's this, but wait till you're the rest of our Friday night lineup.
7 o'clock, we got opening tip with Bimbo Coals. You would think that we have the heat game on our station. We got opening tip and heat rewind.
Do we have the heat games? Oh, I don't think so. I think it's on IOD, isn't it, John? Yes.
But we have opening tip and closing tip and big, uncircumcised tip. Craig, may 7, 30 to 10.
And then heat rewind with Bimbo Coals at 10 o'clock and then any K from 11 until or two in the morning.
We don't have the heat games, but we want to pretend to be all obsessed with that stuff. So as a result, I just don't understand any of it.
Well, George can explain to us later on. Sure. That's his area of X-ray plays.
10, 13, old bean at 5, 60 WDQYM. Hey, racing fans. Pompo'no Park is giving away what you love the best. Cash. Money's sunny.
Make sure to come out tomorrow Saturday, November 4th for Pompo'no Park's great cash giveaway.
Free drawings throughout the night to win $2500 in free betting vouchers. But you might also win great tickets to an upcoming football game.
It doesn't say which one. You watch the AT-18er World of the Winter only one win per person on the night.
Free entry blanks will be given off starting at 6 p.m. at both interest gates. And best of all both admission and parking are free at Pompo'no Park.
Pompo'no Park is open for live racing and poker every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like today.
Post-time is open as 7.25 at night. And the smoke free poker room is open from Noondle Midnight with tournaments too.
Silent casting every day, 7 days a week from Noondle 1 in the A.M.
And don't forget tomorrow Saturday, November 4th is the great cash giveaway.
So come out to the track and when you are sure it's $2500 in betting vouchers, maybe some great football tickets too.
Pompo'no Park racing and poker located just to block South Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road.
For the current racing schedule call 9.5.4.972.2000 or just check them on the wicked way of at pompo'no park.com.
The biggest name of best talent for this is Leo Rogers, sports radio 560s UAM.
That's what Friday you bested.
Yes.
I'm a player.
No sign of signing a lot more than goals.
They say their weapons are mass destruction.
Absolutely.
I say this and a couple made a terms by me right.
Oh!
In the Gulf of Horses, they're in the off the hook.
I think it's time to give this world a world.
So it's time to go and go and go and go and do that.
I'm a real player.
I'm a real player.
I'm a real player.
I'm a real player.
I'm a real player.
I'm a real player.
I'm a real player.
I'm a real player.
Go up the tree, claw him around.
Go up the tree, claw him around.
And let's just say he's got some goals.
And overcome the situation, we're not building up on that抓.
If we land the bear, we're gonna be wet.
We go, so many times won't be good.
We're gonna tear our heroes in the rain.
It's too late, we'll be right.
We blow them up again, bob here up.
I'm gonna see an end, bob here up.
All right.
Woo, bob here up.
A toast is still below, bob here up.
From here to here, let's go.
What are Schlappenformist Nina off of there?
Boy, she just has more problems in this movie.
This isn't maybe one of the best movies ever made.
I have no idea what it was, but nevertheless, Dracula.
Everybody now, all these punks, they think that it's all these new drakos,
and then von Helsing.
Why did they make a whole movie about von Helsing?
To sell tickets.
With all due respect, and I love the original Dracula,
and it's the best world.
The Brahms Stoker's Dracula with Gary Oldman's Dracula is a fine, fine movie.
I'm here for accurate to the book, great lots of thrusts, lots of blood.
The film is text on small children, a video of the dark fighting mysterious woman in light
to face mass life, narratives of two small guests.
Each child describing a beautiful lighting in light who promised that chocolate,
and pieced that to AC.
How much on chocolates did they go with that candy again?
Candy, little kid?
It's bad.
A school bus driver fired after she reportedly made an obscene gesture at President Bush
as filed a union grievance and a tentative job back.
That's America for you.
Now you flip off the present and boy, you're going to get your ass fired.
The 43-year-old driver, whose name wasn't released by the way,
was driving middle school children back to school in Seattle after a zoo visit June 16.
When the President and Republican representative Dave Reichard drove slowly by and of motorcade,
from the bus that children waived with the windows down in their car, Bush and Reichard waived back.
That's when the driver gave the President the finger recording to Reichard
and as Sakwa Superintendent Janet Berry.
The congressman hadn't seen it, but the President turned to him and said,
that's not a fan.
That one's not a fan, said Reichard's spokeswoman Kimberly Kydania.
Reichard later called Berry to tell her about the incident,
but the bus driver had already been fired.
District officials learned about the incident after the driver boasted to colleagues about it.
District spokeswoman Sarah Nagoski said the driver filed a wrongful termination grievance
through the American Federation of State County Municipal Employees.
You need to return call so you can comment.
Nagoski said the firing was not politically motivated.
The bus driver wasn't terminated for making obscene gesture of the President.
She was terminated for making obscene gesture in view of the students.
That's not the role model we need for our students.
Likely story, anybody by and that crap?
No.
You're so lost, I guess.
How was me? You saved my?
No.
You're not going to die.
You're going to live.
No John.
You're not going to hatch me.
It's Mina.
Art, the only Jew left in seabing Florida faxes and says,
Happy Birthday you will de-bag.
Thanks for stirring up the shmit in the great matter we're having last along the way.
Well, thanks a lot Art, and a happy year of your voice to you whenever that is.
862 votes on the poll.
We're going to get that poll going.
Okay, realize it's Friday, but if we're going to get 40,000 votes by two o'clock today,
we better start kicking that baby in their new style.
Are you think?
Absolutely.
I mean, rap star can you West?
Can you believe it was named Best Hip Hop Artist, but still came off as a sore loser.
That's a pity.
We haven't been through this before.
We're just trying to help you out.
No.
Having an old man, Momy, have been through this before.
Oh, there he goes with the old man and stuff.
And you know what?
I'm putting my checkbook away for permanent.
I warned you about that.
Can you believe it?
Rapshtar can you West?
Was named Best Hip Hop Artist.
Came off as a sore loser at the MTV Europe Music Awards.
Kanye apparently was so disappointed now winning for Best Video that he crashed the stage in Copa
Nagan yesterday when he was being presented justice and simian for we are your friends.
Justice and simian, we ever heard of them, I sure have enough.
In a tirade riddle with expletives, Kanye said that he should have won the prize for his video Touch the Sky
because it cost a million dollars. Pamela Anderson was in it.
I was jumping across canyons, he said.
It could be worth it for putting her in a video.
If I don't win the award show loses credibility, he said.
Can you believe it?
The rapper grabbed the Best Hip Hop Award earlier in the night and the star started a event hosted by Justin Tinkerbell and Lee Danish Capital.
Tinkerbell won the Best Pop and Best Male Awards.
Oh my God, while the Red Hot Chili Peppers won Best Album, Christina Aguilera was named Best Female Artist at the Annual Award Show, broadcast live in 17 countries that is so said.
British Abad Mew is one of the best alternative category in the Petch Motor and the Best Group Award.
Wow guys, this is totally unexpected, said Rihanna as she received the Best R&B Award.
In September the 18th year old music star won the same category in the Music of Black Origin Award in London.
Music of Black Origin, what is it? What's that be?
Can you believe that? Music of Black Origin?
What are?
What is that?
They were automated some music.
Thank you, Mr. Veeck.
Yes, make sure you're on this mean as got the Wolf Pain on her vein.
The show was split between two venues, a convention hall on the City Oscars where Tinkerbell was in charge and an outdoor stage in Copenhagen's main square where R&B songstress Kellis introduced the artist.
Kellis.
The first song we're going to be going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
The first song we're going to be the best song for the NARS for the first time in a year.
Religion 26, Food 8, and Sports 6, but I'm sure that's going to get a tremendous tirater response.
The biggest name, so best.
No, I'm 40 times real Roger.
Sports Radio 560, UAM.
Try the U-Bass, dude.
He gave his little baby son right to Madonna.
And now he wants a baby.
What the hell was this guy smoking marijuana?
Cause now he wants a baby.
Madonna already changed her keeps saying the how we end now.
Hey, Mom, just baby.
I wonder if that extra children do allow me cause now he wants a baby.
And back, baby.
And the daddy is mental.
Cause he thought it was a result.
He wants him back like an old bird, due to library books.
He wants to get his baby back.
He thinks that Madonna is a little boycruck.
And so he wants his baby back.
He goes back to deal with common women options.
He wants to get his baby back.
But that is not the definition of adoption.
And for still he wants a baby back.
Try it with a gin and tonic.
Oh, I think it's a Harry Conning.
He has a better life with a material girl.
Oh, thanksgiving Hillie Turkey instead of a squirrel.
But he wants him back.
But that is better get herself a good attorney.
Cause daddy wants his baby back.
And things are not worse than all weekend with Bernie.
He wants him back.
I think that the damage went off.
Cause he thought it was a result.
And there is Bernie Day money back guarantee.
Maybe he shall have to find a given jealousy.
Daddy, daddy, one will face.
Text it down.
She was.
That's which I fear from the beginning has happened.
That's good of course.
But he has huge blood with that of his female.
Oh, for mismina.
It's a 1032, 2074, 11.
You'll have to excuse me.
But I'm obsessed with this movie.
In case you haven't noticed, in Georgia,
it's too early.
He does not want to admit it.
Well, I do it.
I do it.
I love that movie and I have a copy of it.
What?
Dracula or the original Dracula?
Oh, I love that.
I do it too.
It's a matter of fact.
I got a copy of both.
Dracking democracy.
So, tracking, well, I think it invites that whole thing.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
It's not making really pissed off.
I always say, I was a die-bowl.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I was a die-bowl.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I was a die-bowl.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I was a die-bowl.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I was a die-bowl.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I've been sent it for a long time.
I said for today, for today, yesterday,
and I sent it to any for today, because I had that thing that was working again.
Yes, wait too many.
You are.
You are what you are.
Speak in a big what you are.
British believe Bush is more dangerous than Kim Jong-il.
How do you like that?
America has not seen as a threat to the world peace by its closest neighbors in the world.
America has not seen as a threat to the world peace by its closest neighbors in the world.
As a court of international survey of public opinion,
as a court of international survey of public opinion,
as a court of international survey of public opinion,
as a court of international survey of public opinion,
as a court of international survey of public opinion,
which world leader poses the greatest danger to world peace?
Bin Laden has got 87 percent, George W. 75 percent,
Kim Jong-il 69 percent.
How it thought when did it make this poll?
Kirito is the first to go to the polls next weekend and election dominated by the
war. The research also shows that British voters see George versus a greater danger to world peace
than either Kim Jong-il or the Iranian president.
Mosque would often be in the job.
I just like saying that.
I like to say that.
Both countries, Mosque would often be in the job.
Both countries are one sided by the US president as part of an exercise.
It's not just the evil, but it's Mr. Bush who now alarms voters in countries
which traditionally strongly seduces the US.
He alarms them.
How do you like that?
He doesn't just scare them.
He alarms them as in...
Oh my God.
The survey has been carried out by the Guardian in Britain and leading newspapers in Israel, Canada,
and Mexico using professional local opinion polling in each country.
It exposes high levels of distrust in Britain.
69 percent of those questions said they believe US policies made the world less safe since 2001.
Only 7 percent thinking action in Iraq and Afghanistan is increased global security.
The finding is mirrored in America's immediate northern and southern neighbors.
Canada and Mexico would 62 percent of Canadians and 57 percent of Mexican-San
the world has become more dangerous because of US policy.
And believe you believe the Canadians hate George Bush like poison.
Even in Israel, which is long looked to America for guaranteed national security,
support for the US has slipped.
Only one in four Israeli voters say that Mr. Bush has made the world safer,
outweighed by the number who think he said into the risk of international conflict, 36 to 25 percent.
A further 30 percent...
But 30 men!
... made that at best he has made no difference.
At best.
Voters in three of the four countries surveyed also overwhelmingly rejected a significant survey to Iraq,
with only Israeli voters in favor of that 59 to 34,
opinion against the war was hard and strong since the similar surveyed before the US presidential election in 2004.
In Britain, 71 percent of voters now say the invasion was unjustified,
if you shared by 89 percent of Mexicans in 73 percent of Canadians,
Canada is a NATO member whose troops are an action in Afghanistan and die like crazy.
Neither the voters think America has helped advance democracy in developing countries.
One of the justifications for a opposing side of the movement,
only 11 percent of Britain's and 28 percent of Israel's think that has happened.
Oh my god.
Well, the rest of the world is on to them.
Now we'll find out Tuesday where the Americans are finally on order.
They're just a little slow on the uptake.
You know? Just a little slow on the uptake like Bob and Tom on a bit, the KC case of it.
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about? I don't know.
Talking about sports. That's what we're talking about.
Sports, baby. How about those hurried keens going to lose the Virginia Tech tomorrow?
That would be really bad.
And then Larry Kochad's going to get fired at all, too.
And then the dolphins, man, are going to get pounded by the bears on Sunday.
I'm saying like about 185 to nothing.
And then the Sabin Air could come to a real fast conclusion.
The biggest name of the best American ever.
How much is that?
The O'Rodgers.
Force Radio 560.
I started that half-eat-
Get on. This is Joe Boer and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
The platform is all inside your head. She said to me.
The answer is easy if you take it logically.
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free.
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover.
You just slip off the back to Jack.
Make a new plan with Stanley.
You don't need a big boy.
Roy, just listen to me.
Hop on with us.
You don't need to discuss the story.
Just love of the key.
We'll get yourself free.
So what's even hockey these days?
1046 at 560 WQIN.
I'm happy Friday, November 3rd.
Happy birthday to me on Sunday.
Got him. I get an old or what?
No answers necessary.
What did you add?
What did you add?
Something like that.
BSO shuts down pirate radio station operating from sunrise home.
We hate pirate radio stations.
Of course, they're interfering with Christian radio stations like this one was.
The BSO on Thursday said they shut down a private radio station operating out of a home in sunrise.
Here's what Mike Jackles, BSO spokesman said happened after detectives were notified by Christian radio station 96.9.
That a pirate radio station was interfering with the license broadcast signal.
Must have been an act of God.
They're all God.
Engineers from the Lottardale Lakes radio station tracked the signal to 2301 Northway 60th Avenue in sunrise.
And BSO detectives recorded some of the bootleg transmissions.
The detectives also said they saw radio antenna tents to a palm tree in the front yard with a black cable running into the home.
A man in the house, Cetho Baines, 41 of Lottardale Lakes, Cetho SITHO.
Wow.
What scene looking out of a window was questioned inside a consent form and allowed BSO detectives to enter the house and seized his radio equipment.
Barnes was charged with one kind of unauthorized transmission slash interference with the public radio station.
A third degree felony taken to BSO's main J.L.A. Posted $1,000 bond.
Yeah, this is a pirate radio craft man.
It's just, uh, and people, they always pretend they don't understand it.
Why don't you get it?
You know, you're wasting everything.
Trying to provide some entertainment for our radio, patient community or our Christian community or whatever the hell it is.
Okay. Well, go out and get yourself a real license.
Okay.
And stop splattering around all over the valley.
Unless, of course, you're interfering with Christian stations, which we like that a lot.
955 votes on a poll.
We'll have a thousand before you can say Josh is an idiot.
Or speaking of scandals.
And why is it that there's so many of these now just coming to the floor?
I've mentioned a lot of these have been floating around for a long time.
Oh, that's because of that election, you know.
Just must be a coincidence, when you think?
Yeah.
A Republican congressman accused of abusing his ex-mystress, agreed to pay her about 500 grand in the settlement last year that contained a powerful incentive for her to keep quiet until after election day.
A person permitted with the terms that Neil told the A and P representative Don Sherwood is locked in the entire election race against the Democratic opponent who was seized on the four-term congressman's relationship with a woman.
While Sherwood ignores the woman was his mistress, he did not abusing her and said that he had settled her five and a half million lawsuit on confidential terms.
The settlement reached in November of last year called for a Cincinnati order to be paid in installments according to a person who spoke on condition and admitted because the deal is confidential and they've added their life.
She has received less than half the money so far and won't get the rest until after the November settlement the person said yesterday.
A confidentiality clause requires order for for some of the money if she talks publicly about the case.
According to this person, two other people familiar with the elements of the case.
It is common for settlements for payments to be made in installments and for the parties to be held to confidentiality.
Sherwood admitted no wrong doing a standard provision in such agreements this person said.
Sherwood 65 is a married father of three who's considered a family values conservative and had one of the safest seats in Congress still or sued him in June last year alleging he physically abused her throughout their five-year affair.
Reach by telephone Wednesday the congressman and successful card dealers said, I can either confirm nor deny this because it was a private settlement.
I'd like to talk about it but I can't.
The AP has been trying for months to find out the terms of the settlement but everybody's mom.
He'd like to talk about it but he can't.
Anybody buy that? No.
Democrats have at least slim leads and races for six of the seven most vulnerable Republican Senate seats giving them a shot at winning control of the Senate on Tuesday.
Currently, the latest Reuters I've been polls released yesterday.
Of course once they get those deviled machines going once they reprogram who the hell knows what kind of crap is going to happen.
And then of course like you said before the show today watching John Kerry's spineless performance in that movie just you know reinforces like what we saw about Al Gore in 2000.
Same old crap.
Obviously somebody made both of them an offer they couldn't refuse. Absolutely.
Absolutely.
With Democrats needing to gain six Republicans seats for a Senate majority extremely tight contest in Missouri, Virginia, Montana could determine the balance of power.
Democrats like Republican incumbents in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, Montana, Virginia and Rhode Island.
But only the Rhode Island Pennsylvania races were outside the polls margin of error plus or minus, minus or minus 4 percentage points.
In Virginia and Montana, Democratic challengers had slim one point leads on Republican incumbents offering plenty of opportunities for momentum, swings and lead changes in the final days.
Bad news Republican Bob Corcor open up a ten point lead on Democratic representative Harold Ford and the race in Tennessee for the open seat being vacated by that Nazi bills fist.
Democrats lead in their two most vulnerable states, Maryland and New Jersey Democratic Senator Bob Menenz and his open up a twelve point lead in New Jersey.
And Connecticut Senator Julie Lieberman running as an independent has a ten point lead on Democrat Ned Lamont in a high profile race with no very unsent at control.
To gain this Senate majority Democrats must hold their own seats and win six of the seven at risk Republican seats, including knocking off at least five Republican incumbents.
The new poll shows that is a viable possibility, post to John Zogby said.
The Democrats have a real shot of it at the Senate now and six weeks ago, your product could have not have said that.
But now it's still a jump on, there's been volatility both ways.
It's a jump on, I wonder if it's going to win it.
You think?
Don't forget we got opening tip with Bimbo Cools at seven and he won after the game with Bimbo Cools or some other Bimbo.
Well, you know, this radio station, you're right.
I hate to agree with you too much, but it's like an illness, it's like a disease.
It's a sickness.
And so if we don't have the dolphin games anymore, thank God because we want to have like a one in fifteen team and who wants to spend millions of dollars and lose their ass on that one, we're already losing on a Marlins.
But we got the real pre-game show and a real post-game show and the real deal, okay?
For some real shlamil, which quite frankly, who gives a crap about the dolphins anyway at this point? Only a crazy person.
Wouldn't you say?
I would say.
I'll have to be out of your mind.
969 votes, 9 people say I've talked too much about food and 6 too much about sports.
So stop it at dolphin crap, okay?
And the panthers, if there were 5,000 people at that game against the least last night, that was a lot.
If there were 5,000 people there, that was a lot.
I mean, how is that franchise going to survive?
Nobody goes to those games, there is no interest.
You can't complain about the fans' support there because it doesn't exist.
See, there goes with sports again, okay?
HBO fired back a deep old election system yesterday, defending its documentary hacking democracy
from accusations of shotty filmmaking.
What would you expect them to say?
In a letter to the deep old president, David Burrard, HBO contains the accusations of factual errors and unfairness are unwarranted.
You were certain you were lettered that the documentary contains significant factual errors,
however, based on several of the purported examples you've said it,
you don't appear to have viewed the film, which will premiere on HBO November 2nd.
HBO attorney Peter Ronaker wrote in a letter to David Wednesday.
HBO stands by the accuracy and fairness of the documentary.
Of course, if after viewing the film on HBO 30th and Outlast last night, you continue to have concerns,
we'd be happy to discuss them with you at that time.
In particular, HBO writes that the film doesn't make any assertions that problems with deep old machines caused
widespread errors in the 2000 election, deep old it had the electronic voting business in 2002,
and the company claimed that the firm made it appear that the company was an electronic voting machine business before then.
HBO and the hacking democracy filmmakers also contend that they tried repeatedly to contact
the bolder interviews about who's raised in the film.
A call to the deep old on Thursday that was not returned.
The old spokesman David Burrard said in an interview Tuesday that the company was never contacted by the filmmakers
when they were making the documentary, Sarah Teal, the film's executive producer, said at one point
they were so frustrated with the goals unresponsive as they had somebody called the company every day.
We contacted them constantly, she said, we want to fact the deep old God knows how many times.
While deep old executives admitted they hadn't seen hacking democracy, the company asked HBO to pull the film from its schedule
or air company to say this questioning its accuracy.
Right, deep old said promotional materials provided HBO's website prompted the companies to request which HBO denied.
They said, the Yamama hubbier and dreared.
Teal called completely ridiculous accusations by deep old that the film was directed by the directors of another documentary Votergate
that was produced with special thanks to Susan Sarandon and the Streisand Foundation.
Oh, let's throw some crap at Barbra Streisand, okay, at that fight I read Cross-eyed bitch.
That'll teach her to show up in that joint, right?
Here's a crap matter.
Just like somebody in Minnesota threw away one of those plastic beer bottles that hit the end zone after the paper scored their last touchdown one day night
and Tom Brady was mopping off of the guy, I like that, he gave me even more for.
At a boy, Tom, go up there and kick his ass.
980 votes on the pool, we don't want to talk about these dumb pools too much because you know what I'll see,
this is what happens when you open yourself up like this, which is fine, it was my choice.
After you're letting take a little gratuitous shot, they enjoy that.
Right?
Yeah.
A lot.
Like sticking your chin out and saying, hey, punch me right here, right here.
Right here, and then phone, like that.
Oh, surprise.
But it goes to show what I started to say, no matter what we talk about it.
Oh, well, we don't like that.
We don't want to hear about, oh, we don't like this pool today.
Oh, you're talking crap, you know.
Okay, that's just the way it is.
How the hell do we do it?
Every single day coming to have to have to please these very, very picky, very difficult.
Like what are you going to do for us today?
The pool parts of the best channel ever, the most fabulous.
But you're going to work for us today, you should work for Radio 560.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your boy.
This is your boy.
Any question?
No.
Oh, right.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
You checked out.
You've turned.
You've turned.
Okay.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Well, I know I can say those are the best times for me, but I don't know.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
Does the question now appear before that I am a advocate?
Of reasons like gender, of everybody.
Of the people.
Of the people everyday.
I always want to invite you.
B Incredon seen it 1.8 meters takes 2-3 minutes to reach the Gallic
it's 5 different
this is more likely better than the South
I seen it 2-2 on the North
It's a level 5 to 5, 60 W2, but of course all the number
that's captured during the war, the Bush administration did so under pressure from Congressional Republicans
who had said they hoped to leverage the Internet to find the evidence of the pre-war dangers posed by Sodom Hussein.
But in recent weeks the site has posted some documents that weapons experts say are a danger themselves
detailed accounts of a rack-secret nuclear research before the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
The documents to the experts say constitute a basic guide to building an atom bomb.
Last night the government shut down the website after the New York Times asked about complaints from weapons experts
and arms control officials, a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence and Access to the site had been suspended
pending a review to ensure its content is appropriate for public viewing.
Officials of the IAEA fearing that the information that helped states like Iran develop nuclear arms had privately protested last week
to the American ambassador of the agency, according to European diplomats who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the issue sensitivity
and their value to their lives.
One diplomat said the agency's technical experts were shocked at the public disclosures, how do you like that shocked?
Early this morning a spokesman for Gregory L. Schulte, the American ambassador, denied that anyone from the agency had approached
Mitsucho-Shulte about the website.
The documents, roughly, a dozen and number contained charts, diagrams, equations, and lighting narratives about bomb building
that nuclear experts who have viewed them say go beyond what's available elsewhere on the Internet and in other public forums.
For instance, the papers give detailed information on how to build nuclear firing circuits and triggering explosives, as well as the radioactive cores of atomic bombs.
For the US to toss a match into this flammable area is very irresponsible, said Abe Ryan Sebert, former Director of Classification at the Federal Department of Energy,
which runs the nation's nuclear arms program, a lot of things about nuclear weapons that are secret and should remain so.
The government had received earlier warnings about the contents of the website last spring after the site began posting older,
Iraqi documents about chemical weapons.
UN arms control officials in New York wonder would draw a report that gave information on how to make
problem and Sarah in nerve agents that killed by causing respiratory failure.
The campaign for the online archive was monitored by conservative publications and politicians who said that the nation's spy agencies had failed that
equity to analyze the $48,000 document seized since the March 2003 invasion.
With the public increasingly skeptical about the rationale and conduct of the war, the chairman of the House and Senate Intelligence
committees argue that wide analysis and translation of the documents, most of them in Arabic, would reinvigorate the search for clues that Saddam Hussein had resumed his
unconventional arms problem, programs and years before the invasion, American search teams never found any such evidence.
The director of National Intelligence, the butcher of the Honduras, John Edgar Ponte, had resisted setting up the website,
which some intelligence officials felt implicitly raised questions about the competence and judgment of government analysts.
But President Bush approved the site's creation after congressional Republicans proposed legislation to force the documents release.
In a statement last night, Mr. Edgar Ponte spokesman, Chan Colton, said, while strict criteria already been established together in post-adocuments,
the material currently on the website, as well as the procedures used in post-do documents, will certainly be carefully reviewed after the site becomes available again.
How do you like that? Do you want to make a bomb? Okay, here you go. Here's the diaphragm.
2016 votes are in a poll. We go back to bed. We got our job. We got it licked. Is that incredible or what?
It's credible. What did you say about lick?
By the way, if Norma can't ever calls me from another sporting event, just leave me alone.
I was watching hack and democracy in the phone rings in the middle of the very compelling documentary.
And here's Norma at the hockey game. You know, there's obviously got some twinkie there where the media's got to impress.
I'm calling the erogers now. My number one client. They always the same crap.
Tell me how can we about how we had a meeting with Joe Bell, which I had to understand the contract for about another 50 years.
I'm going to work till I croak. I think it's the day I like those checks coming in.
Who does the new deal? The new deal? According to what he's saying is I would only work like on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
You would do Tuesday and Thursday. And then of course in the summertime, the same old crap where you do Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Switch it up. It kind of like swish it back and forth. Of course, no increase in pay to you. I'm sure.
Of course. I don't know. I'm just kidding about that. I don't know.
You think that he would go to bed for you being a close person to friends that you guys are? My buddy.
And I'm sure he don't want nothing from you. Yeah, he does. He's going to impress me and say, maybe he wants some of that.
That's what he might want from you. Work something out. A thousand 18 votes. Neil talks too much about. I hate this pool 208.20.4%. They hate it.
These dumb pools. He talks too much about the pools 166. Well, let's read the result of the pool just those people off.
First racing 130. Bring us Cup tomorrow with a Humper. Talky 122. How about those least missed a bus last night? They start to join out.
Management 86, politics 78, sales hole 67, total stuff 64, George W. Bush 50. And then it's way on down after those religion 26.
We cannot religion all the time. Just rip those getch keys. Food 12 and sports 9. How do you like that? Yeah, people said I talked too much about sports.
Maybe we'll take a full one day for clearance. Maybe Neil ought to talk more about sports.
The biggest thing is the best challenge. Will you run a trash on out of oil? 560.
You A.M.
Bum! Bum! Bum!
Racing to Bush has been feeling a bit of a chill recently from conservatives in his own party.
But today he's going to speak out in support of a hot button issue that will please his face. It's a ban on gay marriage.
Where is the help when we need it from us? Bush is down with polls and the Republican will gather the code. Maybe something.
Iraq is a mess and help cover your loss. So we'll be starting eroding the foundation of narratives that we've already saw.
They tell me gas prices are here this day. They tell me my job has gone away. Please don't tell me that I'm wrong.
This is another way to discriminate for the national and divisible politicians trying to hit a new low.
And take people who tension away from the real issues. The president has one issue he knows.
He's an highly unlikely to actually be successful in the Senate.
Tell me now which song to rely on. It's a case one of the most common games in China. And I don't need that same old song.
Because it's not about games or the world's no again.
It's the same song that gets the Christians on the ground.
To say you're powerful, got him a great signal, Christ.
He married the defendant now with the size of a man and we're dead.
The world's our life. We're not going to help you. It's not going to be a terrible political game.
It's not going to be a terrible political game.
It's not going to be a terrible political game.
It's not going to be a terrible political game.
It's not going to be a terrible political game.
What do you mean of course? It's right there on the cable. You have to flip by it all the time.
Not on my cable. It's not up there in Canadian. Do you have the HBO litrogue?
No. Then it'll be on Monday at 2, 10 in the morning on HBO Latino.
Well, it's not all over the place. Check your HBO schedule hacking and democracy.
It's just two hours, but it's only hour and 20 minutes.
And speaking of that, what a good segue.
Miss Fudge reports breathlessly that political insiders are expressing alarm after 12 voter smart currents
of run missing from one Shelby County Tennessee early voting location.
The cards are used to activate electronic voting machines.
The polling place started out with 25 cards by Wednesday 11 of them were missing.
They were given five more smart cards yesterday and then another one went missing.
Someone possessing a smart card can use off the shelf equipment,
equipment that reprograms the card and alter it to be used multiple times and cast multiple votes.
How do you like that?
Full watchers expected to turn out to today to observe voting in the Tennessee race
between Chentano Republican Bob Corcor and Memphis Democrat Harold Ford, Jr.
That's what Miss Fudge is reporting today on her silly as pansy candy as website
and didn't put the disclaimer on there on that page, so I read it about,
well, this is a copyright material and it always puts that on there.
Like, if you reuse this anywhere else, I'm going to like come after you and like,
get naked stuff like that.
Well, whatever he's going to do.
Heavy gasoline smell, shut sections of Oakland Park Boulevard at State Road 7.
Westbound Oakland Park Boulevard has been shut down as has Southbound State Road 7 because of the heavy odor of gasoline
coming from several area manholes the BSO said around 11 o'clock this morning.
20 minutes ago, Hazmat firefighters from BSO Fire Rescue are on the scene at 3101 North State Road 7
and sunrise Hazmat workers are responding, said BSO spoke from Mike Jackals.
Authorities are investigating if the smell is related to a nearby shell gas station.
The gas station is also being shut down.
Heavy gas from area manholes.
Wow, maybe they had some bean burritos for breakfast or something.
Manholes.
Oh, of course we got a personholes.
Remember that whole business we had to go through?
Yeah, that was silly.
Very silly, sad, tragic.
I've actually drank a lot of those over with all the way throughout that long.
Hi, you think?
No, it's not.
Those movies were short in those days.
It's over.
I think.
One moment, please.
Let me double check.
I don't want to miss anything good.
It's over.
And the audience is very relieved about that.
Oh, look at that.
What's that I was just watching on there?
It was like, that was almost like pornographic that movie.
Bang in their brains out.
Anyway, getting back to this.
We don't want to talk about people banging their brains out.
Although it was very amusing that in that bit of talk about arousing the Christians,
there seem to be a lot of aroused Christians these days.
Of course, how they're getting aroused, that's another story.
Not that they're hypocrites you understand.
Don't do as we do, just do as we say.
The good books says, don't do this, any idea, any idea.
Get rid of them, all these get-keys, man.
Get rid of them.
Send them off to Siberia somewhere.
Get them out of our face.
During his visit to the Texas Book Festival, author, historian and political commentator,
Gourvid Al, spoke with Alex Jones from Prison Planet about the current state of the nation
under the Bush administration and what to expect in the near future.
But Al discusses the importance of due process of law, the very basis of this country,
contends that the eradication of the Bill of Rights under the 2006 Military Commission's Act
has led to a Bill of wrongs.
These are powers that have never even been thought of before by earlier Attorney Generals in Presence,
and it's very scary that it all passes by so simply.
He said, everybody yawns, well, we've got to move on, you know.
Well, we've moved on into hell.
That's what's happened to the Republic of the U.S. said, Vidal.
He lines that problem up with a number of factors in under-red and largely ignorant populists,
as well as the media, which has been bought for and paid for a thousand times over.
Oh, a largely ignorant populist and a bought and paid for media, sounds awfully familiar.
He particularly chastises the New York Times for not picking up a story broken by the India Times,
as well as covered by the Wall Street Journal, that fighter jets were in fact not scrambled
on the morning of 9-11 to warn redirect or shoot down the hijacked airliners.
According to law, they all should have been up there and not one of them went up, Vidal,
whose father helped develop the Air Force procedures charged.
Well, that could only happen if somebody told them to stand down, not to respond to what was after all this worn duty.
He went on to come on in his desire for a new investigation into 9-11 attacks.
I think one advantage of having an Democratic House after the coming election will be
that we can have a new commission investigate 9-11 and eventually lead me up to our attacks
on two innocent countries that rack and have Afghanistan.
It's about time we began to clean up our own house before we find that an international tribunal
has summoned our leaders to the haggings in chains to put them on trial.
Wouldn't that be a pleasant sight seeing Bush and Cheney and Rumsfeld in chains?
Ooh, and Paul Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl threw them in there just for a good measure too.
Although, even Richard Pearl is not in Bush now too.
Getting knocked by Dick.
1038 votes on the poll, but I'm not going to give you the result because I talked too much about these damn polls.
Right?
Yeah, that's the same.
Well, I said number one choice.
Good start, Mrs.
Same cook.
That's right.
Yeah, thank you.
Snoop Dogg, the nice weapons charge.
Does not tell you one thing about Snoop Dogg. He ain't no same cook.
He never got shot in no motel.
Although that wouldn't be the first time, I'm sure.
Raffar to Snoop Dogg was charged yesterday with one felony kind of knowingly possessed in a deadly weapon, a complexible baton
while trying to board a plane in California.
Boy, is he a rocket scientist or what?
He's a genius.
An establishment a spokeswoman for Snoop Dogg, whose real name is Calvin Brodus, said he denies the charges brought against him by the Orange County District during called the baton a prop.
It's a prop, pop.
It's convicting.
How about some props for Snoop Dogg? What do you say?
All right.
It convicted the 35-year-old musician from Assurement Oaks would face a maximum sentence of three years in state prison.
A ward is banished for his arrest with 150 grand bail.
Snoop Dogg's accused of having been gone away near Ford in Santa Ana, California.
On September 27, the company, by two bodyguards, Sir Ketra, flight to San Francisco.
What is that? Are you a water boarding hour one?
Yeah, it's Snoop Dogg.
No.
After placing his carry-on luggage in the security conveyor belt to be scanned, security officers saw a long object in his computer bag and requested a search inside.
Brodus is accused of carrying in the laptop case of 20-inch, glassable baton, which drinks to eight inches.
A lot of times these types of weapons is dangerous and illegal.
For instance, the eight inches.
In a statement, spokeswoman Meredith O'Sullivan said Snoop Doggg inadvertently had a prop and his carry-on luggage.
It was a John Holmes baton.
This charged moxtape protection to our country has in place to safeguard itself from real security threats and is celebrity headhunting by attention seeking prosecutors as elements of the statement.
A jury will see this case for the publicity ploy that it is and the taxpayers will wonder why their tax dollars aren't used to investigate real crimes and threats.
Snoop Dogg was sold over 17 million records which in itself is enough to make you want to cry and start in a few movies as had several other writings with the law.
It was convicted on felony charges and possession of narcotics in 1990 for trying to sell cocaine.
Seven months ago, he and several members of his outer archery detained by police at London T-thera airport after a scourmish that left seven police officers with minor injuries.
The incident happened after Snoop Dogg and the scour were told by the airline they would not be permitted to board a flight to Johannesburg South Africa.
Scott Lenear had said as police tried to directly group the baggage we claim they became abusive of noxious and out of control, etc. and so on.
All of these things.
There you go. Snoop Dogg's got his eight inch baton there, at least a collection of his eight inches.
His wand.
That's enough of that swill, okay?
143 votes on a poll. You'll have to look it up for yourself because they don't want to hear the results.
The biggest I'll talk about it.
The best challenge to the best is real roger first for 20560.
The best flop Friday you best is.
Each year thousands of children are either killed or maimed needlessly by lighting fire.
This is no laughing matter.
A little boy in Brooklyn, New York accidentally sucked in the flames and exploded.
His colon was found three blocks from his house during a Maryland man's in concert as fans lit their lighters and traditional concert should use.
A teenager from Petaluma, California thought he'd won up the audience.
The actresses trend bent over and let one year cement his libel in ill-treatment leads to the buttercarrier.
However, most of the crowd thought it's slowing his part of the lighting.
The dream suffered severe burns over his face and neck, requiring painful grasp of pig skin which caused untold grief for his orthodox viewer's hands.
Sure, fart can be funny, especially at school or during a wedding, but they can also be deadly.
This message is brought to you by now, mothers against lighting parts.
Remember, friends don't let friends light fart.
I wonder if this is the thing I never really thought about that until this bit.
You think that if you eat kosher, you must fart kosher, right?
Sure.
That's an excellent question. What does a kosher fart smell like?
I'll go out and grab you a gun.
What? You know what? I'll follow Gary Sarner around all day.
That's a good idea. Go find out.
Ghosts stick your nose right close to his rectum.
Ask.
Are you start with that trombone again? You trumpet? That's bad.
1059 votes on a pool. I think we'll have our 1100 by noon.
I don't know what it would have been to hell that means.
Anybody care about how many votes?
No, you talk about the pool too much.
These dumb pools, too much discussion about the pools.
That's so winning so far, but I don't care if you have nothing else.
Although, 12 people say too much food talk and 11 say too much sports talk.
Let's talk about sports.
Not.
The Middle East is a buzz with ugly rumors and ugly people, too, as a matter of fact.
One of them is so dire and comes from sources in so many capital cities that it has to be taken seriously.
The suggestion is that the Israeli government has served notice on the White House that it must take preemptive action against the Iran's choice of nuclear weapons development or that Israel will go alone and do the job itself.
Israel apparently has given Bush a deadline of six months.
The pressure on the Americans, if it is true, comes with the appointment of Avigdor Lieberman, one of the hardest of all hardliners.
This is Israel's new deputy prime minister and minister for strategic affairs under the new coalition with this party.
He is real be, be, be tenu.
One reason why the rumor is being taken seriously is that a coincides with another strong rumor that the Iranian regime of Mahmoud Afbandinja,
a disorder that Iran's nuclear program to be accelerated.
According to sources, the enrichment of uranium to weapons-grade material is galloping ahead and Iran could have its own deployable nuclear warheads within four years.
Given asked Medina Jetsvahad Reddorak about wiping Israel off the map of the translation of these remarks is now acknowledged to be somewhat fuzzy.
Israel's hawks argue there was no time to lose.
Former prime minister and Le Kudli, their Benjamin Netanyahu, being Netanyahu a certifiably crazy person, for whom Lieberman once worked as chief of staff, has argued strenuously for a preemptive strike on Iran.
Lieberman, more hawkest than many other hawks, was born in Moldova in 1958, and now leads a powerful group of Israeli immigrants from Russia and the former Soviet Union.
He criticized Ariel Shirol, and how is he doing, by the way, Ariel?
How's he doing, what, Le?
Have another Rahaman-tashnerial?
It's still, I mean, it's a long way since the past over, since the forum.
He criticized Ariel Shirol when during negotiations with the Palestinians he ordered some settlements to close.
He outraged moderate Jewishers, where he opened in this summer when he suggested that Arab Israelis elected to the Knesset,
that the Israeli parliament should be executed, if they held talks with Hamas members of the Palestinian Authority.
Even the New York Times known for its strong Israel support warranted Netanyahu al-Wiki, that Lieberman was the wrong party in an Israeli co-owner, the wrong partner, and an Israeli coalition.
His inclusionary paper argued, made any arrangement with the Palestinians, difficult of not impossible, creating new obstacles to peace with the Palestinians, as the lasting Israel needs, after the fiasco and lesbian on.
Strategic analysts have noticed anti-Aran noises coming from the beleaguered White House, too.
It's the same sort of language we heard in the ROM, that invasion of Iraq, while Washington and Saudi said,
a London correspondent, a favorite, by the Bush blurr circle, said,
it's clear that Bush will not dream a leaving office under the suspicion that he'll outerrand to get nuclear weapons on his watch.
He will act and will feel uninhibited after the midterm elections.
The practicalities of bombing Iran's nuclear installations are quite another thing, corn a serious analyst.
Israel likes the capability to hit in one blow all the places where weaponry is being developed.
Plains would need midair refueling that only the Americans could provide, and some centers of nuclear energy production are heavily populated, including Tehran itself,
civilian casualties would be high, III.
There's even more compelling reason my realist, like General John Abbasade, U.S. Commander for the region, and former Secretary of State James Baker,
are counseling the Hawks in Israel as well as Washington to cool it.
Cool it, you maniacs, you harbissen, you lunatics cool it already for Christ's sake, or as they say in Florida for gay, Christ's sake.
I think he's going to win, Charlie Christ.
Yes, sir.
1069 votes in a poll, but I'm not getting rid of the result. I'll give it like, you know, a couple of times later on.
Too much, you're talking about the poll result.
It's kind of related to that other option, aren't you?
What's that? The gay tone.
Almost of, only 67, and not enough for a homo-stuff.
Gay.
An asteroid could collide with Earth in 2029, a surgey smirnoff researcher at the Apolkowo Space and Military Statement said at a press conference in Moscow yesterday.
On April 13, 2029, the asteroid Apophys 99942.
That sounds like an Alka Seltzer. Apophys, doesn't it?
Malka Seltzer.
Well, be at its closest distance to the Earth for 200 years, smirnoff said.
Oh, look at that. How about putting your Alka Seltzer into a smirnoff?
I'm actually the Ruski's do that. I'll try about it, Josh.
You don't know.
That's your girlfriend, a lush? Is she a vodka drinker or what?
Yeah, a little bit.
Oh, figures.
The asteroid will pass the Earth at a distance of 30 to 40,000 kilometers, it's 18 to 24,000 miles.
This crosses the geostationary orbit where all the telecommunications is not a military satellite.
So he said, let's see, 2029, that's 23 years ahead, I would be 87.
I don't think I'll be here.
Whatever happens, Earth will feel the effect of the asteroid.
In the worst case, it will collide with the Earth and at best, it will damage equipment in the space at the geostationary orbit.
How do you like that?
So 2029, mark it down on your counters, are you young, punk, Josh?
George will be dead by then, too.
I hope.
1069 votes on the poll.
Again, I just mentioned that.
Oh, we're going to US Troop play a soccer with Afghan, Kansas and Jalalabad,
and this time they didn't shoot anybody. That's good.
Excellent choice.
Two federal agencies are investigating whether the Bush administration tried to block government scientists
from speaking freely about global warming and censored their research.
Senator Frank Latenberg, Democrat New Jersey, said he was informed the inspectors general for the Commerce Department of NASA.
Oh, boy.
Had begun coordinated sweeping investigation of the Bush administration's censorship
and suppression of federal research into global warming.
These investigations are critical because the Republicans in Congress have ignored the serious problem, Lawton Bruce.
He said the investigations will uncover internal documents and agency correspondence
that may expose widespread misconduct he had at taxpayers don't have or don't fund scientific research
so the Bush White House can alter it.
Messages left when the office is the inspectors general would serve as the agency's internal watchdogs.
We're not returned.
Kristen and Hummery spoke to him on for the White House Council for Economic Quality and Environmental Quality said Wednesday night.
The administration is supported the scientific process and its approach to setting climate change.
Right.
Anybody buy that?
No.
Anybody believe in it?
No.
Okay.
Just checking.
Oh, Lou Dobbsd about to see and you don't want to miss that.
America votes and of course let's make sure those illegal aliens don't vote, right?
Those illegal aliens.
Right.
I wonder how aliens doing.
Probably pretty healthy is missing those happy meals all the time.
Or yeah.
And if he can just keep the abolish hands off his private, he'll be okay.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Why don't say it sounds like I don't know kind of grizzly to me.
Just I don't know.
Yes, sick.
Sick, sick disgusting.
Uh-huh.
What's your people, Mark?
Backward barbaric.
Those aren't my people.
The hell they're not.
What do you mean they're not your people?
In other words, now you're picking and choosing.
They would be like, say to me, you, you, Lieberman is one of my people.
You know, I would take that for you.
He is.
So that's why he's not.
I don't believe him in that.
I'm a genetic that all the time.
Oh, I'm a genetic that is.
You're people.
All those Middle East anders, your people, the rag heads, the camel jockey.
I don't wear no rag all the way.
Do you have a tooke?
Hey, you prefer the toke.
I prefer the toke.
You know, I was in 75 votes.
Neo talks too much about.
I hate this pool 220, 20, 24%.
They hate it.
I don't know what's not to like.
I like it.
He talks too much about these dumb pools money, too, like he's doing right now.
See, we told you horse racing 137, which I never talk about.
Readers come tomorrow.
Taki, 120, 24, which I acidually avoid talking about.
Management 89, politics 82, sales holes 68, homo stuff 68.
How about homo sales holes?
George W. 51, religion 29, food 13, and sports 12.
Thank God he did get started on a food jag today.
Thank you.
It's a best talent to the best is real Roger sports radio 560.
You AM.
Friday, you bastard.
You feel depressed.
Are you sick of the Miami dolphins?
Do you want something a little exciting for a change?
I'm a new gynecologist watching the Miami horror chain.
Haha.
Joe, it's a football game.
A boxing match.
And a ride.
All wrapped up in words.
Even our noses are done with the guards.
I asked what I'm talking about.
You come into our house.
You should get jump on high and cheap.
You don't come in with all of these playing ass golf.
You're crossed your cross the ocean over there.
You're crossed the street.
You can't go over to our place, talking laws like that.
You should show mercy.
I was about to go down the elevator and get in there.
Joe, jump you on real entertainment.
Check out the Miami horror chain.
Asia rock baby.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
What's wrong with little gangster ball anyway, right?
Boy, they're going to get their ass kicked in the orange bull tomorrow by Virginia Tech.
It's going to be bad tomorrow night.
Then the dolphins on Sunday.
Man, people on Monday morning, I'll be running around all work cursed here.
We're cursed.
Aren't you cursed?
I'm cursed.
Investigations led by a Republican lawyer named Stuart W. Bowen, Jr., in Iraq.
I've sent American occupation officials to jail on robbery and conspiracy charges.
Exposed disastrously poor construction work by walking into companies like Haliburton and Parsons.
And discovered that the military did not properly track hundreds of thousands of weapons.
It shipped to Iraqi security forces.
And tucked away in a huge military authorization, girl, at President Bushline two weeks ago,
is what some of Mr. Bowen supporters believe is his reward for repeatedly embarrassing the administration, a pink slip.
Bye-bye.
The order comes in the form of an obscure provision that terminates his federal oversight agency.
The office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction on October 1, 2007.
The clause was inserted by the Republican side of the House Armed Services Committee over the objections of Democratic counterparts during a closed-door conference.
And as generated surprise in some outrage among lawmakers who said they had no idea it was in the final legislation.
I wonder if he's getting a Joe Bowen or Jimmy Bowen.
And we're Jimmy Bowen?
It'd be true.
Cramp out of him and he was never the same again.
I'm sticking with you, man.
I'm sticking you just like glue.
You got that?
I'm sticking with you by Jimmy Bowen.
Probably not.
I'm looking forward to it.
Mr. Bowen's office, which began operation in January 2004 to examine reconstruction money spent in the United States.
In Iraq, was always envisioned as a temporary organization permitted to continue his work only as long as Congress offered.
Some advocates for the office in fact have regarded its lack of a permanent bureaucracy as the key to its aggressiveness and independence.
But the implication of the provision and the new bill have become clear opposition have been building on both sides of the political aisle.
One point of contention is exactly when the office would have naturally won its course without a hard invade.
The bipartisan opposition, you don't have that, do you?
No, I don't.
Jimmy Bowen?
I'm good with that though.
The bipartisan opposition may not be here.
I'm expected to give Mr. Bowen's Republican credentials.
He had served under George W. Bush both in Texas and the White House.
And deep public skepticism on the Bush administration's conduct of the war.
Susan Collins, that whiny, mean Republican who followed the bill closely as chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs, said she still doesn't know how the provision made its way to what is called the conference report, which reconciles differences between House and Senate versions of the bill.
No, Jimmy Bowen, and I'm sticking with you.
I don't, I'm not here in it.
No, I don't.
You heard it from the crowd?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know how else would you spell it?
B-O-W-I-L.
You know how people are going to fight like a fiddler.
I'm bowing it.
Yeah.
I'm bowing it.
I'm waiting.
I don't hear it.
You're not going to for a while.
Well, why not?
Because I don't have it.
Hey, listen, anybody that could find shoe fly, shoe fly pie and apple pan delty by Donna Shore from 1806.
Sure as hell can find.
I'm sticking with you by Jimmy Bowen.
I'm middle of his smash.
I think he had one or two other.
Oh, honeycomb.
I bet you got honeycomb.
Huh?
See, I picked the wrong song.
You got honeycomb.
I bet you'd best life on it.
You don't got honeycomb, right, Jimmy?
Jimmy Bowen.
I told you.
I knew it.
It's one of the things that's done to life and it's kind of funny.
I know it.
Okay, that's enough.
According to a Neilson net rating study, Republicans outnumber Democrats online, and more
respondents consider themselves moderate as opposed to liberal or conservative.
The internet, media and market research firm revealed that 36.6% of U.S. adults online are
Republicans.
30.8% are Democrats and 17.3% are Independents and a press release issued earlier this week.
And that kind of shocking to you?
The AOLP, the pressing, shocking, all of these, all of these things.
A Neilson net ratings analyst writes two reasons for the Republican Adiron line.
The fact that the online population is more heavily composed of Republicans than Democrats
is principally a function of the Republican Party's higher composition within the overall
electorate.
Analysts, Kasser states in the press release.
This is exacerbated by the fact that online penetration continues to be deeper among
affluent households which have historically skewed Republican, which is why we're all
skewed.
RoxLimba.com draws the biggest U.S.P. crowd with 84.8% Republican audience while newsmax.com
and billorighted.com fell with audience measuring 65.4% Republican.
Rounding off the top five Republican sites are the Missy Grudge Report and Salt Lake Tribune
with 59 and 57.9% composition percent respectively.
The top three Democratic heavy sites may come as a surprise, blackamerico web.com, AOL
Black Voices and BET.com, with audiences that were 79.9, 64.8 and 568.6% Democratic respectively.
Salon.com and Village Voice with 55.3 and 55.2 also American the Democratic top five.
Salon.com and Village Voice, you know, I haven't been checking Village Voice lately for some
reason.
Oh, there's our buck walled.
So we've just heard a bit there.
Oh, what a mess he is.
He's got the kidney failure.
When respondents were asked about their political leaning, the largest segment, 36.1% identified
themselves as moderate.
The second largest segment, 32.5% identified themselves as conservative or very conservative
while 19.8% of respondents identified themselves as liberal or very liberal as in liberal.
Fox Online or I'm sorry, for online newspapers, the results were not unexpected.
Republican Reducesay for the Wall Street Journal, while Democrats flocked to the New
York Times, Wall Street Journal.com is predominantly Republican Reducesay at 40.2% and Democrats
make up 52.3% of the Reducesay for the New York Times.com.
How you like that?
How come we weren't mentioned in their New York Times?
If ever the term small potatoes was appropriate, this is the time.
1096, I bet you when I clicked that again, we might have 1100 or not, as the case might
be.
I clicked it again and what do we got?
1099.
Oh, you fell out your 1099 yet?
So I wonder if Norm is working on a big raise for you once we get that new schedule
in for my next 20 years on here.
Well, something to think about, okay, you got to take care of everybody.
Of course, Josh, my God.
Josh, but gosh, I'm going to free lunch every day.
How's that?
I'm getting my free lunch every now.
What are you guys eating today?
I'm sorry, like I said, I want to hear about it.
Tony.
Well, foods in last place, it's only got 13 votes.
I talked too much about food.
We don't like food.
A nice salad.
We don't like food.
I do like that.
We don't want to hear about it because we don't like food.
I hope you have started it.
I hope you go on to Karen Carpenter diet.
I hope you have a few to your guts out.
Nine stop.
13 people voted.
I talked too much about food.
You should live so long.
Your mama.
Uh-oh.
Oh, I mean, this story is incorrect.
He's not going back.
The other grab, but he's not going back.
So I just threw it away.
See, this is just amazing with this tremendous staff that I've got with these just astonishing
to me.
Yeah.
I'm able to keep on top of all this different crap that nobody really cares about
all that much.
They just want to hear the sound of my voice.
That's all.
Get that extensive investigative research department.
Oh, yeah.
Our big research team here at QIM.
Uh-huh.
What a joke.
Whatever happened to that news wire that Karen's was getting for us 100 years ago.
Remember those lies above the mice?
Oh, yeah.
We were getting a news wire.
This was told to me about the, oh, I don't know, 100 years ago.
I'm wired.
They decided what the hell do we need a news for?
We got a sports wire.
What do we need a news wire?
That's all the news you need.
Man, it's all the need to know is what's going on with sports.
We got 11.082 now.
That's good.
It's not even no, we got 11.02.
Is there any significance to that?
Absolutely not.
But we like it.
A Washington watchdog is looking into connections between federal funding and organizations that
aim to discourage abortions by giving women misleading advice.
Citizens for responsibility and ethics in Washington crew is going to court to force the
US government to disclose its funding policy toward pregnancy resource centers.
Back by the White House and religious groups, pregnancy resource centers are local organizations
that purportive provide women with family planning advice.
Evidences emerge that some of the centers have been giving false and misleading information
about the health risk of abortions.
The White House and the US Department of Health and Human Services, HHS, fund many of
these centers.
Proof of the complaint with the Washington DC Federal District Court last week, after
HHS failed to respond to the August Freedom of Information Act request for a range of government
documents on these centers.
Group 6 disclosure of the criteria for funding the centers, information on efforts to separate
religion from other activity and communications by the HHS concerning the accuracy of the
advice that the center provided.
All of these idiotic get-spees out there.
Oh, when we just started to discover that just maybe they're using us, you know, maybe
a bush in a scrub are just using us so they can keep one of these fixed elections.
Yeah, a little slow on the uptake.
And then of course we found out that all these, you know, a whole bunch of these guys.
First it was Jimmy Swaggart and it was Jimmy Baker and then we had all this other crap.
And now we end up in Paul's crotch.
There's a lot of mysterious crap going on in Paul's crotch.
The biggest name, the best challenge for the business, Rio Rodgers, for radio-fine CDL-AM.
This is Hannah Homeland Security Tom Ridge, inviting you to put duct tape on your radio
when I raised a warning color to Bing for the Neil Rodgers 12-1 hour.
Oh, right.
Oh, 2004's your stuff.
Next year we'll have more love.
I can see it now.
I bet they'll cure Matt Hale.
Might even fight a cure for that guy Michael Moore.
When you feel you're SUV, that cash will all be free.
You and push, but our taxes, deficits will still go down.
And rather we'll not use taxes.
Osama will be found.
I know it will be peace throughout the Middle East.
All this will graduate in Queerite will be.
So straight please let it be a great year.
I sure hated this year.
Don't need four stars.
Elections and no more blue infections.
CD will be cleaner and charge on fuel-belinger.
Let's all look up the bright light.
It's 2000, 2000, in 2005.
That's right.
Look on the freaking bright side.
Even if it looks like the end of the world is coming, which maybe it is.
Probably one at 560 W.D.C.O.A.M.
Happy Friday to you.
Oh, brother.
The power share of his hands and his materials.
Team has reopened Westbound Open Park Boulevard and Southbound 441 in Lauderdale.
Thanks, God.
The roads were closed earlier this morning due to these strong,
shallow gasoline from several manholes in the area.
And George was on his way out of the door.
He wanted to go over there and sniff the manhole.
VSO Fire Rescue said it had obtained reading showing that the chemical levels have dropped.
VSO was investigating whether the smell was related to nearby Shell gas station or the sheriff's
orifice.
The gas station was also shut down for a time.
A sunrise has met team also went to the scene.
But everything is under control of those and back over again.
The birds are flying.
People are farting up a storm and everybody's got to be smiling.
They're poor.
Right?
And we got 119 votes on the pool.
What's not to lie?
Nothing.
It's Friday.
We got the free food here from Tony's.
You got the free food from our friend Brad and Tony's.
Thanks, Brad.
You're the best, sweetheart.
It's a damn good thing I'm not here.
I'd be shoveling that stuff down my gullible like crazy, man.
I'd be impressed by Josh, though.
He orders three meals every time we order food.
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
He just eats them all in one sitting.
I told you he's going to blow up like a bullfrog.
He's going to be found as well.
No, it happened to me when I stood on this road, too.
Wait.
Wait.
You'll see.
Is he getting a little pudgy now?
Oh, you'll see his neck.
He looks like a bullfrog.
Looks like the beast, huh?
But yet.
But no, not Josh.
The rich are getting much richer and much faster than everyone else.
Oh, no.
Over the past quarter century, and especially in the last 10 years,
America's very rich have grown much richer and no one else fared as well.
In 2004, the richest 1% of households, 719,910 with an average annual income of $326,720,
had a 19.8% of the inter-nations' pre-tax income.
Almost 20% of the whole country's income.
That's up from 17.8% a year earlier.
A quote of a study by the University of California, Berkeley economist, Emanuel Seyes.
Stop and think about that.
In 2004, the richest 1% of the households had almost 20% of the inter-nations' income.
The study titled the Evolution of Top Incomes also found that the richest 1% of 1% of Americans,
129,000 plus households in 2004, reported income equal to 9.5% of all national pre-tax income.
One tenth of 1% of the income, but your greedy bastards, okay?
Why don't they throw a few million Georgia's and Josh's way for Christ's sake?
And some of you pour shleppers out there that are working your asses off to try to get two nickels through up together?
Right?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
However, median or midpoint family income was only 1.6% between 2001 and 2004,
when adjusted for inflation, according to Federal Reserve,
median family real met worth of families, gross assets, minus liabilities,
underlying the gross part, where it was only 1.5% during those four years.
I'm doing very well, by the way.
Okay, faster.
And spider-jords are going on here and saying that I'm losing all my money at Woodvine.
There's something wrong with you, man.
I didn't say that you were losing all your money at Woodvine.
I said you should.
I should.
Why is that?
Why should I lose all my money?
Why should you want me to lose?
Huh?
Because you shouldn't die with all this money in the bank.
You should spend it and have a good time with all your money.
Why should I?
I'm going to leave the money to anybody other people you don't like.
I don't want you to leave the money to anyone.
Period.
I'll be there.
I'll listen.
I'll see.
I'm going to go on and spend it.
All right.
You should enjoy it while you have it.
Why should I re-extend the old, in that case, so that you have more money to have a good
time with until you die?
So that you can continue being a cling on as well as that what it is?
Okay, sure that works too.
Okay, good.
Those are very sluggish income growth rates compared with the four years between 1998 and 2001,
when median family income grew by 9.5% and median family real net worth grew by 10.3%.
Experts disagree on the causes, but they're in near agreement that this rent threatens to
be wrote of fundamental American belief about fairness.
It's not the actual getting ahead in America that's so important.
It's been Americans deep belief that they have the opportunity to give ahead.
And if you lose that, there's damage to our society, St. Douglas-Holth-Eken, who until
last year was the director of the nonpartisan CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, and before
that was chief economist for President Bush.
In coming years, income inequality is sure to be a rallying crime political debates over
everything from raising the minimum wage to federal spending on education to overhauling
the tax code.
Most theories and why the rich are getting richer focus on why everyone else isn't.
Some explanations include the declining power of labor.
The influx of illegal immigrants, Ludov, is going to be screaming about it tonight you
can bet your age is life on that.
The offshoring of jobs and global competition that holds down wage growth.
Education is widening in common equality to Americans with college degrees or nearly twice
as much as those without them.
I don't have no college degree.
I'm doing okay.
Josh don't have no college degree.
Look at him on the heat.
He's pulling down.
That's right.
But education hasn't been a ticket to income growth lately.
Between 2000 and 2005, workers with a four year college degree saw their wages fall.
3.1% adjusted firmflation.
Only two groups who together make up just 3.4% of the workforce on placement and adjusted
wages rise.
They were workers with doctoral degrees or specialty degrees such as medicine or law.
The doctors and the lawyers, they're getting rich like crazy.
They're just raping the public.
Just raking in the dough.
That's what Norma said.
The soaring pay enjoyed by top CEO's athletes and entertainers is also readily widening income
divide.
I'm thinking Tiger Woods causes some income inequality set whole Seacon.
All of that seems to be part of this, but still leaves you with a sense of not knowing
exactly what it is.
There's a simpler explanation.
The very wealthy simply own more assets than the rest of us.
That means they benefit more from the booming stock market, which is reaching record highs.
Anacos on about stock market.
They can take the stock market and they can step over to Mundo.
Raccoon shine.
That must be it.
We're all getting rich from the stock market, right?
Oh, yeah.
1118 votes on the poll.
4.4%.
Yeah, there you go.
He says his approval rating is down to 4.4%.
But that's pretty weak.
Pretty weak.
Thanks for admitting it, though, W.
You idiot.
You quizzling.
You're fair.
You cycled him.
You dumbo.
Speaking of a really rocket science that kind of people will rise.
You said you know horses are smarter than people.
You've never heard of a horse going broke betting on people.
It's cute.
However, the horses are counting on people more than ever now.
Nearly 100,000 horses are killed annually and for and own slaughterhouses in America for
human consumption in other countries.
I don't know.
See, I don't understand what we have a cultural revulsion toward eating horses, dogs, cats,
stuff like that.
Right.
Domesticate animals.
Although cows are domesticated.
You don't see too many wild cows, huh?
They're not pets.
Well, maybe some people have cows as a pet.
Maybe some farmer type people have are really tight with their cows.
Yeah, well, that wouldn't stop me from eating it.
Not me either.
Well, especially baby cow, veal.
Mm, mm, mm, mm, you would veal.
Especially what it's beaten with the baseball bat.
With the upcoming Senate vote on the American Horse Lodder Prevention Act, Americans have a small
window of opportunity to save a living legend.
Horses are all the things they truly evolved human should be.
There are countless examples of their innate ability to desire and heal people.
What?
Consider the therapeutic writing programs across the country where horses can have more progress
with children with various physical and mental disabilities than their own doctors.
The most superhuman thing about horses is the contrast between their honorably strength and inherent
gentleness.
Humans abuse their power while horses use theirs only for good.
I'd rather be a horse.
This is written by Willie Nelson, by the way.
He'd rather be a horse.
I think he's got the horse to ask part down to a science.
Ever see a horse wearing a mood ring?
Well, no.
No, no, you mentioned it.
With no disrespect to the Eagle Willys, there's always thought that the horse should be our national emblem.
But horse accepted man and onto his back and chose to carry his burdens.
It changed the world.
Horses of aided man, confined to his most arduous and treacherous endeavors from the sword to the plough shear.
Humanity owes an incalculable debt to the horse and native American teachings.
Horses enables shame on the fly through the ear and reach heaven.
Shame on you.
Remember shaman the pymon?
Yes.
Let's feel someone's horses' distiller power.
Contrary to what some people are saying, slaughter is not a humane form of euthanasia.
In these are not unwanted horses.
The treatment of slaughter-bound horses is most often inhumane and more than 90% of those slaughtered are young and in good health.
Many are sold as slaughter houses and co-soctions, while others are stolen pets.
Humans are not smart to eat horses.
Horses are treated daily with products such as fly spray, warmers, hoof restings, etc.
These products all have warning labels against use by human and against human consumption.
So it's willy.
So don't be eating no horse.
Okay, don't be horse and around.
Horse, you know, there are some countries like in China where they eat anything.
Am I right?
Yeah, including each other.
Dog, cat, horse.
Horse, I told you about my trip to the Chinese market.
Barmanese market?
Oh my god, I couldn't believe it.
Possibly.
I'm going to tell you about that.
About what?
The Chinese.
They eat anything.
Anything.
And that's why all these grotesque things are brought up by the star.
That's why the star thing is always very satin, china and southeastern.
Because those people, they all sorts of grotesque things.
They're the reasons that people are poaching tigers and rhinos and elephants and everything.
Because they think that if they, you know, drink rhino horn.
Ever had a poach rhino?
No, I wish.
I bet you I could make that in my flavor way.
Probably.
Big enough.
Hoach rhino.
113 votes on the pool.
The overwhelming consensus is I talk too much about the pool.
So whatever you do, don't give us that result.
The biggest name.
The best talent for this is the Orochress.
The sports radio 560s, UAM.
Hello, I'm Washtling Ball.
You know, the best way to separate us from the liberals is by smell.
That's why I use extreme white-garde view over it.
When I'm running errands in my hummer, extreme white-garde view over it protects me from odor, wetness and free hugging lefties all day long.
Look at those extreme white-garde view over it and has a powerful ingredients.
Self-wetlessness.
Don't need to keep you fly.
I'm a minute, man.
I spend all day chasing a leagals in the hot sun.
And extreme white-garde view over it works as hard as I do.
Okay, I got it.
I got it.
I'm protesting the tension of amylation.
And when I raise my monkey poster, I feel confident knowing extreme white-garde view over it is intelligent range of them.
Yes, when defending the traditional values upon which this country was founded, never let them see you sweat.
Use extreme white-garde view over it.
From 16 to 5, 60, WQYM, we got Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
Mad Dog solo in that power hour.
He's going to be at Hooters and Pompano by the way.
And in 5 to 7, we have Pallons rise.
We got Hooters and Hooters now around.
He's in Louisville for the breeders cup tomorrow.
Opening tip with Bimbo calls at 7 before the heat came, which we don't carry.
Craig Mish, 730 to 10, which means we just throw in the towel.
He rewind with Bimbo calls at 10, 88 to 11.
You got that all marked down, George?
Good.
You're evening listening on a Friday?
Good.
I bet you got a lot of just tons of birthday cards pouring in there.
Oh, you're not sending them.
Not.
Set you all of them.
Both of them.
Both of them?
There was that one pornographic one that didn't come out in the Thanksgiving party.
Yeah, the one pornographic.
Nice lady.
Oh, yeah.
Well, thank you very much.
Bill Gurts in the Washington Times writes, the Pentagon has stepped up planning for attacks
against North Korea's nuclear program and is bolstering nuclear forces in Asia, said defense
officials, from anywhere, with a highly secret process.
The officials like everybody else speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the accelerated
military planning includes detailed programs for a striking in North Korean plutonium reprocessing
facility at Yong-Bi-on with special operations commando rates or strikes with Tamahal
cruise missiles or the precision-guided weapons.
The effort which had been underway for several months was given new impetus by Pyongyang's
underground nuclear test October 9 and growing opposition to the nuclear program of
King Jong-Eel's communist regime, especially by China and South Korea.
A Pentagon official said that the Department of Defense is considering various military
options to remove the program.
Other than nuclear strikes which are considered excessive, there are several options in place
now.
Planning has been accelerated, the official said.
A second senior defense official privated the efforts of the Bush administration recently
affirmed its commitment to both South Korea and Japan that it would use U.S. nuclear weapons
to turn North Korea, now considered an unofficial nuclear weapons state.
They're going to drop Alec Baldwin on Pyongyang.
It will resort to whatever force levels we need to have to defend the Republican Korea
that nuclear deterrence is in place, said the senior official, who declined to reveal what
nuclear forces are deployed in Asia.
Maybe just some of them baby nooks.
Other officials said the forces include bombs and air-launched missile-storted Guam, a
U.S. island of the Western Pacific that could be delivered by B-52 or B-2 bombers.
Nine U.S. nuclear missile submarines regularly deployed to Asia and water some Washington
state.
The official said one military option calls for teams of Navy SEALs or other special
operation commanders to conduct covert raids on young beyond plutonium reprocessing facility.
The commandos would blow up the facility to prevent further reprocessing of the spent
fuel rods which provides the material for developing nuclear weapons.
A second option calls for a strike spot precision guide to Tomahawk missiles on the reprocessing
plant.
From submarines or ships, the plant calls for simultaneous strikes from various sides to
minimize any radioactive particles being carried away in the air.
Plant has estimated that six Tomahawk could destroy the reprocessing plant and would take
five to ten years for them to rebuild it.
And when you start all over again, we just keep blowing it up and they'll keep rebuilding
it.
And then we'll get pissed off and just nuke the whole day.
We'll flatten the whole thing.
How does that sound?
Sounds great.
1142, that's how many votes we got on that poll which we don't want to talk about.
Don't forget to watch hacking democracy in HBO.
Don't watch it too closely and too carefully though because then you'll say, I'm not
going to waste my time voting.
For example, here's more about that Tennessee situation.
Several electronic voting cards used to cast ballots are missing from a pouring place in
Memphis according to the Tennessee Republican Party.
And literally Shelby County Election Commission State GeoPee Chairman Bob Davis Jr.
Chargers the lack of oversight and control over the so-called smart cards has created a
situation which could allow for voter fraud.
Oh my God.
He said the missing cards could lead to illegal votes being cast in Tuesday's election.
Once cast and legal vote made with a reprogram smart card would be indistinguishable from an
illegally cast vote, Davis wrote.
His letter doesn't cite specific numbers of cards missing or what the voting set was
involved.
He calls on local election officials to locate the cards as soon as possible and establish
procedures to ensure that no other cards are lost on election day.
The letter comes today after given to the said he's asked the Tennessee Board of Investigations
to look into possible voter fraud, the commercial appeal reported today that officials are investigating
two cases in which individuals voted twice during early voting.
Only twice?
Well, that's not a big deal, right?
Not at all.
I mean, if you have the opportunity to get in there and vote over and over again, I mean,
twice sure.
Vote 100 times for Christchurch.
For Christchurch, man.
For Chrissay.
But not for Chris.
Yay.
Speaking of, yay.
Tom Cruise and MGM to form New United Artists Nellie.
Did you see this?
Huh?
He just keeps coming back like a bad penny.
I can't hear where the his ugly ass.
Films star Tom Cruise is teamed up with Metrogold and Mayering to Reservic United Artists.
The movie studio founded 87 years ago by screen legends Charlie Chaplin, Mary Pickford,
Douglas Fairbanks and others MDF CDS today.
The partnership under which Cruise would star in and produce films for UA with his production
partner Paula Wagner comes about two months after the bitter end of Cruise's 14 year production
deal with Paramount Pictures.
Wagner will serve as chief executive of the United Artists, Artists.
Cruise and Wagner will exercise control over the United Artists productions slate from
development to the ability to commit financial resources to new pictures.
MGM said in the statement that a new UA will be located in L.A.
UA will be in L.A.
Okay?
Cruise is latest film Paramount's vision impossible three grows more than $390 million
worldwide.
Will still be available in a period of movies for other studios out of the new deal.
The reconstitute in UA will start out with a production slate of about four films
a year MGM said the talent friendly studio be reborn as a place where producers, writers,
directors, and actress can thrive in a creative environment MGM said in the statement.
The United Artists was founded 1919 by actors Chaplin Pickford and Fairbanks and pioneering
director D.W. Griffith.
UA secured distribution rights to films released by MGM in 1973 and was purchased outright
by MGM eight years later.
MGM film's library contains over 1200 titles including such classics as Midnight
Cowboy, Some Like It Hot, Annie Hall, and The Rocky and Pink Panther movies also includes
Rain Man which co-starred Cruise in the Course at R&4 Academy Awards including Oscar for Best
Picture.
And Dustin Hoffman.
And Barry Berry, oh that was all fall down.
Very, very.
It was very, very good.
There were 150 TV votes on the pool obviously you're not impressed you don't want to see
it all fall down.
You might enjoy it.
Alright.
I might have.
You might have seen it.
I might have.
Watch a lot of movies in my life a long time ago.
Why do you want to see the long time ago or forgot about it?
Yes.
And Angela Lansbury is the nagging obnoxious mother.
Oh, and it's on the very top.
And Warren, baby and Carl Maldon with his big nose and a very, very smooth skin lovely
young Brandon DeWilver.
Oh, there he goes again with a facet.
Yay.
And he was 20.
He was illegal agent.
He looked very good to me.
Some of the letters are comical.
I'm asking God to let him win the lottery twice.
Others are heartbreaking.
I don't know.
I'm on my mother pleading with God to make the baby's father marry her.
The letters about $300 sent to a New Jersey minister ended up dumped in the ocean most
of them on open.
So see all these people thought God didn't answer their prayers and come to find out their
letters wound up in the ocean.
The minister died two years ago at the age of 79.
How the letter is some dating back as far as 1973 wound up bobbing in the surf is a
mystery.
They were bobbing for apples no doubt.
There are hundreds of lives here.
A lot of struggle washed up on the beach said Bill Lackavara, a ventinor insurance adjuster
who was fishing last month with his son when he spotted a flower, plastic shopping bag
and waited after retrieving it.
This is just a hint of what really happens.
How many letters like this all over the world aren't being open to answered?
How many fish in the sea and how many floating letters?
Many of the letters were addressed to Reverend Grady Cooper, though many more simply said
altar.
According to the text of several of them, they were intended to be placed on the church's
altar and prayed over by the minister to congregation or both.
But I assure you that gasky from the guiding light, father Ray, whatever is name it.
Some were neatly written and skipped on a white line paper.
Others in a feverish scrawl on tenored scraps of parchment or note cards, many were crinkled
from being in the water and then dried out after Lackavara finished them, a first them
out of the sea.
A dog-eared business card in Simon Blubbers identified Cooper as associate pastor of the
Mount Calvary Baptist Church in Jersey City, a woman who went to the phone at the church
office confirmed Cooper was once minister there and had died nearly two years ago.
The current pastor didn't return several calls from the AP.
He's mum.
Other documents in the bank, including bank statements and cancel texts also listed
Cooper's name and address for him in Jersey City.
A death certificate issued in 2004 for a Grady Cooper list of the same addresses those
in the bank documents and some of the letters.
His wife Francis, whose name also showed up on some of the letters of the same address,
died in 2000.
No one answered the door last week if the address where Cooper once lived and a neighbor
said he didn't recall anyone by that name, attempts to locate Cooper's relics were unsuccessful.
He's in the ground, baby.
I guarantee you that the worms are reading his ass.
Lackabora speculated that someone clearing out Cooper's home found the letters and threw
them on the beach in Atlantic City about a hundred miles from Jersey City.
They threw them on the beach.
Isn't that what you would do if you found a bag full of letters that throw them on the
beach?
Okay.
Or would ignore them?
I guess rather than just throw them in the garbage, maybe they thought they'd send them
out to see the blessed these people he said so they made the trip to Atlantic City, maybe
went to a casino and put the letters in the water.
The letters wrapped in several smaller brown paper bags inside the larger plastic bag.
It didn't appear to have been in the water too long, Lackabora said, though about half
or too badly damaged to be legible.
Well, how the hell is God going to read him for Christ's sakes?
He opened a few with his son Rocky on the beach, the first few were humorous.
I'm still praying to hit the lottery twice, first the 50,000 one man wrote, then after
some changes taking place, let me hit the millionaire one.
Another ask God to make a certain someone leave me alone and stay off my back, while still
another ask God to come a woman who called the IRS on me.
One woman complained that her husband always talks about sex.
Another honestly dropped a dime to God on someone cheating on his wife, complete with
dates, times and locations.
Many more were written by anguish spouses, children or widows, pouring out their hearts
to God, asking for help with relatives who were using drugs gambling or cheating on them.
One man wrote from prison saying he was innocent and wanted to be back home with his family.
A woman wrote that her boyfriend was now closing the order where God has bed room each
night when he used to stay open and wondered why.
How do you like that?
God is answering their prayers and brought to you one thing about God, he's always consistent.
The biggest name of the best talent to the best is Neil Rogers for 20560.
You AM.
Friday you bursting.
Oh my God.
A long, long time ago it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store, just ended the Spanish American war, so they poured it like it was 1899.
There were events that made you shiver, but there were times we did deliver.
A promise that was kept with that famous one small step.
I can't remember each event or everything that man did in vents.
A century we were present.
This is how it went.
My, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manatees we did drive.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
It all started when two guys were right when they put in their blame into light and the start of radio.
Signified had his mum to thank and want to theory and act like and the Titanic.
That story we all know.
Well World War I it soon began with shooting archduke Francis Hurt and Nan.
Millions died from the flu.
And West thinking was brand new.
And then Russia had its revolution and a magnetic default of the oceans.
And now police we won't see again a hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manatees we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
Alamed had his relative a teen named Nasper just a new model of tea and then Bergland did near Paris.
Then some moldy red tape and a sill in Wall Street and the great depression and women would vote like you and me.
Oh my god.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manatees we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
When plain winds today will soon be winning starting with the day invasion.
But at what an appalling cause.
In Russia no one did the cross in Germany they finally lost discovered the horrors of the Holocaust.
That man little boy and all the gay changed the whole world on that very day.
We know had just begun and trying to move by the city town.
The first player in baseball that was Black.
Israel got their home and back.
Oh Massachusetts, like the jacket go on.
Trigis gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manatees we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
Separate we're equal made such a fuss.
Russia too tired when on the bus.
Holy oh cured with the vaccine.
In Russia it's got us big time with spot neck.
Our troops into Korea quick discovered the double Felix scheme.
Oh JFK let us wait too soon but promise to get us all to the moon.
You're his first in space.
Yeah the pill we did it race.
And the French have said but climbed into the night.
Cubism is so gave us quite a fright.
Southeast Asia is on new fight.
A hundred years gone by.
You heard that we were singing my, my how the years they did fly since it started some deported manatees we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
Niels Giants step was the big news.
We'll first wait gave women right to choose.
Nixon resigns about water gates.
To ferry.
Got the troops out of Vietnam.
At hostages taken by Iran and a virus made us too scared to go day.
A test to babies held a lot.
Some guy named Bill started Microsoft.
Chernobyl explosion.
The Berlin wall gets broken.
The US is our says goodbye.
Some students in China they did try.
Seven died in the Florida sky.
A hundred years gone by.
And they were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manatees we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
We were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported manatees we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye because a hundred years have gone by.
Okay, well, it sure killed some good time.
It's Friday, you know, it's one of those things.
Yeah, the story about Dick Beyondey.
I bet he's a hundred.
He was around during all those things in that bit.
You want the other page?
No.
Okay.
It's the best way you know is of the year since the Chicago sometimes come this Robert feeder.
Dick Beyondey Chicago's greatest rock and roll dish hockey ball time is coming back.
Greatest rock and roll dish hockey of Chicago over my ass.
He couldn't, he couldn't look Larry Lujac's butt.
He couldn't look his dingal buries.
The broadcast legend of Radio Hall of Famers signed a multi-year agreement once they did
do an ABC-owned true oldies WZZNNFM 94.7 is evening personality starting next week of
the on from 9 a.m. to Friday.
Dick Beyondey on WZZN.
I'm so happy to get back on here.
We're excited to get to stay in Chicago beyond the 7 of his New Deal negotiated by agent David Martin.
Beyond the 73 has been a radio limbo since June 2005 when CBS Radio pulled the plug on oldies
and it's beyond these 21 year run at WJMKFM to make way for the lifeless adult hits format of Jack F.M.
Every market's got a Jack F.M. Even here they got Jack F.M.
For about a year, Beyondey was relegated to the Internet HD radio outlets where he could be heard only by a small fraction of his hundreds of thousands of former listeners.
Nothing like playing oldies baby.
WZZNNFM 92.7 is the only one in the world where I'm here to be proud of my world.
Every radio guy who can't get a gig he goes back in the search playing oldies.
I shouldn't have said that Richel might be listening to Cyric.
Who didn't he start out playing oldies?
Who? Richel.
No, we played in oldies.
In a final in dignity like July, Beyondey was fired in a corporate cost cutting binge dubbed Black Wednesday by the Trade Press.
Of all the blunder CBS radio bosses have made the recent years and there isn't enough room on this page to list them all so as Bob Feder.
Their treatment of Beyondey was by far the most shameful.
Shampoo.
Oh my God.
A federal eighth anniversary ABCC is the opportunity to hear Beyondey and enhance the true oldies outlawed to the last fall by Scott Shannon, the Federal New York program.
Shannon who will be inducted this weekend in the Radio Hall of Fame in Chicago has been providing recorded voice tracks for the station outside of Morning and Afternoon Drive.
Beyondey is having closely follows that another Chicago radio icon John Records Landbecker who signed on his afternoon personality October 16th.
Mornings are hosted by Scott McKay.
How exciting it is to build a genuine oldies station here in Chicago who said somebody who's on the second page that I'm going to care I don't want to hear no more.
Dick Beyondey and John Records Landbecker can Larry Lou Jack be far out and we know if he's still alive.
Well what do we do that make?
The biggest amount of so much.
Best talent to the business, Neil Rogers.
How much does he reduce life's 60s?
UAM.
That's a lot Friday you bastards.
The Federal government is just more of the breakfast people today.
And your whizering citizens are from both parties.
Brown offered no apology and mostly wearing others for the debacle that cost hundreds of dollars.
My ground there's no one left to blame I said brownie.
You're the government shame I said brownie.
Sure careers up and blame there's no one.
I know who's more lame George Bush.
He better make him shut up before he says.
It would you who messed up you can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
I was out of his way.
He's way too dumb to run the air.
BMA some people died when he ran air.
BMA.
Now that everyone knows that your leadership boards you can go back to your poor shows.
Today folks were public and Jan democrats criticized the fact that brown is still on the federal payroll.
That maybe because as long as he remains an administration official his testimony must be cleared by the White House.
CKLW Mokansan.
Break.
Oh yeah, spread a minute back of both men.
Oh right.
Hey hey hey hey, it is a vote.
Okay there's a sample of our new format starts Monday.
All right.
100 one votes on the pool.
Hey if it's good enough for Dick Beyond who's 73.
I mean how long do you think you can do this?
You know of course being a dish jockey I mean anybody can play records.
I'm not knocking him because he's you know he's an old man.
But anybody can play records.
I mean how much talking do you have to do right?
Exactly.
You know that.
I know.
It's a great way to take your whistle.
It's been the tunes and the booze and the spots and the whole day.
But we do it on the holiday here.
1248.
I don't know.
Do a little bit of spashing out, win it out and that's it.
That's all you do.
With me for the other hand.
Oh my god.
Can you even begin to imagine me at 73 sitting here, poaching around with his computer and oh my god.
And all these bedtime stories.
I can't wait.
What kind of shape I'll be in at 73 or should it live so long?
You probably will.
Will what?
Live so long.
Oh yeah.
Just out of spite.
Like I told you there are certain people I'm going to live just like in dance on their grave.
I'm seeing all that candy.
Do do do do do do.
Yeah, I have not interested in candy.
It's not in my mind.
If I knew where to find a bag of Mary Jane, stick with the low carb pasta.
Stick with a neat ball.
Stick it.
Now stick with my balls.
Leake, US report shows Iraq close to chaos.
Oh no.
Come on.
They just make this stuff up.
A Leake military report shows the US Central Command believes Iraq is one step closer to what it describes
as chaos.
The classified material includes a color-coded bar chart with the word peace in green at one end, and chaos in red at the other.
The level of sectarian violence is marked with an arrow close to the word chaos.
A Pentagon spokesman said it's regrettable the classified briefing has been leaked.
Why how spokesman Tony says this says the situation in Iraq has since changed.
Right.
If you got the same report last week you would have found out the national sectarian incidence from the 21st of the 27th.
Drop 23% he said.
It's only close to chaos.
Opinion polls show Iraq wars number one concern of voters and of next week's US military elections.
It's chaos baby.
They are surres over there.
I mean you talk about it's just in its mind-boggling to me.
It just blows my mind.
But the story I had earlier about how stupid the public isn't about the media's own dead bought or whatever.
That's what Gervet also said.
What's the pseudo intellectual, what's an intellectual fag like him know about the rest of us anyway, right?
Right.
What can you possibly know that we don't?
1200 three votes on the pool.
I talked too much about the polls.
Neil talks too much about I hate this poll.
252.29%.
Two days in a row I hate this poll is going to win.
Like I said I think starting Monday George is going to do the poll every day.
Yeah.
I guess I must be out of the poll.
Right.
It'll be the same poll every day.
I thought this was the winner.
Any chance we give them to take a cheap shot at us.
Neil talks too much about these dumb pools.
199 like he is right now reading the poll result.
Like those rejoins that we have on.
Oh my god.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
Let's look at this real Roger's 4th radio 560-7AM.
Hello.
This is Delirys.
And you know what would be this?
into an engineer's.
and you know what would be this?
And now, a telephone conversation between Paul McCartney and Heather Mills.
Hello.
This is Andrew McCartney.
Who's him on the phone?
It's a...
...telelegate and to talk to...
...Teller Owen, me bubble bath.
He's in the bubble bath.
He's not in the bubble bath.
I just heard him put the schmuck on the phone.
You know, you're not in the bubble bath.
He's got a shop calling me.
Hello Paul.
It's Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all that's good and green,
stop using Heather Mills McCartney.
We'll get the divorce.
I'm still your wife.
You're not me white.
Linda's me white.
You're just a bad bit of lasagna before bed.
You're going to regret saying that I am going to drag you through that mud!
My friends told me you were a lion's scheme and blackmail a little bitch.
There's nothing beloved about you.
Way to everyone finds out who the real Paul McCartney is.
Your own father said you were a gold digger.
My father was a schmuck just like you.
Except you're the one who'll be writing a check for $600 million to Heather Mills McCartney.
For the love of all the leaves and the tree, stop using me last name.
It's in my name and I'm going to be filthy, thinking ridd.
I feel your walk.
I shouldn't be having any contact with you.
I just want to tell you that I'm going to start telling the truth about you.
You're a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
How about the time when I was pregnant and you stabbed me in the arm with a broken wine glass during a fight?
You lunatic.
That was a fight between Carlos and Gabi on desperate housewives on the telly.
How about the time I asked you to bring me 12 lemons and you only brought me two.
Baby needed 12 to make a centipede.
You crazy banshee.
It was from the movie The Breakup with Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston.
You've lost it.
You've lost it.
How about the time when we turned from vacation and you screamed and we constantly...
You say open the case, Ania.
Open the case, do you love it?
Wait till they hear that story.
Wait till they hear that story.
They'll know immediately.
You're talking about the TV show Deal and no deal with our men, Belle.
You thought the telly confused with reality.
How about the time you and undercover police officers in the Boston Mafia?
How about that one?
How are you going to deny that, former McCartney?
I'm a beetle.
You're talking about Leonardo DiCaprio in the motion picture the departed.
How about the time you made me play kickball with my bad legs?
But I love kickball.
I love kickball.
Kickball's like my favorite sport.
And you knew that about me before you married me.
Yes, waiter Heather Mirzma, Katnie gets you into court.
We all live in a yellow submarine.
A yellow submarine.
Yeah, they really should have got him instead.
102 at 560 WQM went to the air this story.
Not because there's anything wrong in Florida with people having drivers licenses when they're 100 years old.
Anyone year old driver dies back in Canada driveway near West Palm Beach.
And anyone year old woman was killed while backing out of a driveway in the 6800 block of Okochoba Boulevard near West Palm.
At 1020 yesterday morning, the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office said today,
Nadine Brusas who lived in the 5900 block of Tiffany Place west of West Palm Beach was attempting to turn right
and travel West Palm in Okochoba in a 1994 Ford.
At the same time, Bernard Glymer, 88, who lives near the scene, was headed west and crashed his 2004 into Brusas car.
Brusas did not yield before making the turn of the investigators said,
Brusas car spawned, went through a drainage ditch into a palm tree,
Glymer suffered minor injuries and she is dead.
I say she was 81.
He's 88.
She's a stray chicken's baby.
She's a stray chicken's.
I just got a 600 renewal online for my driver's license.
I just don't understand that.
You tell people about these things and they look at you like,
what?
How is that possible?
They don't know if you're blind, deaf, dumb, amputee.
They know if you're like living dead and they don't care.
Now how much is it?
I forget how much it was when I renewed my driver's license online.
I told you my mother when she was 90, we got a renewal for six years in a mail.
No eye test, no nothing in the mail.
She's probably still getting renewals.
Probably.
Oh yeah, there's a lot of dead people driving in Florida.
Just look at them.
1,230 votes on the pool.
Not too bad.
We're going for 13.
Let's see if we have 56 minutes to get.
Oh, I think we can do it.
And if we get 13 end-revotes by one o'clock, two or whatever the hell it is,
Georgia is going to be doing pool for the next six years.
A man who posted his own sex offender registry photo on the social networking site,
MySpace.com is back behind bars.
This is what you call a real rocket scientist.
Christian Paul Dutton, 47 of Wheeling West Virginia,
was arrested in September for trespassing in elementary school later released.
He was arrested again when the charges of failing to register his MySpace account
were to state police.
Dutton, who served more than six years after 1984 conviction or high-ofer attempted rape,
had registered on the site under the name Bubba.
He has required the register as a sex offender for life.
So there's nothing like putting your picture on MySpace.
And we're looking for this son of a bitch.
Let's go get him.
Okay, no problem.
Oh, there's a Reverend Hagrid who stepped down because of that gay incident.
What a man in Denver.
Yeah, he had no sex with a man in Denver, but they got it on.
They got the recordings for crying out loud with his voice on it,
but he never had done it with a man in Denver.
Maybe he was like in the...
It's a story somewhere.
Colorado Springs, the way he was supposed to be out, because it's so wrong.
Seriously, can you imagine anybody playing that pasty-faced crater-pushed creature to have sex with him?
Sorry.
Oh, man.
I wouldn't touch him with your tongue.
The rate of marine biodiversity losses accelerating and occur rates
that will be a little sustainable fish or seafood available by mid-century.
Well, it's a good thing some of us are going to be dead by then.
Since it's called always looking at bright side, I won't be around by then,
but thank God, because all these bad things we got,
the comet coming or that asteroid, whatever it is, that asked.
Research is worn in the journal science that 90% of the present-day marine fish,
crustaceans, shellfish and other currently eaten species of seafood,
could vanish in 50 years.
Oh, my God.
But the studies lead author, Canadian series fisheries researcher Boris Worm.
That's his name, Boris Worm.
Things, countries will correct the present-over-fishing, economic mismanagement,
and environmental degradation before that happens.
Often we survive without those crustaceans.
You can have the fish.
Oh, fooie.
Man, who the hell wants to eat fish with all that mercury in it?
Me.
Fooie. But now like the seafood, like your lobster and your...
Sea, I mean, how do we get along without that?
Right, I like it on.
I personally don't think the current trend of depleting fish species will continue,
Worm said.
The Worm is turning in other words.
I think we're smart enough to realize where we're heading and avoid it.
To avoid this catastrophe, the scientists say countries must manage
in teramory ecosystems, and not just individual fish species as they are doing today.
They also were to create some extensive no fish zones,
aquatic version of national parks.
No fish in here, baby.
Get that thing out of the water and pull.
To get your pull out of the water.
To reach their conclusions, researchers from across the globe,
including Canada and the U.S.
did a meta-analysis of existing studies
that quantified how the loss of marine diversity locally,
regionally, and globally, has affected the marine ecosystem
and services provided to humans.
The scientists report concludes that 29% of the fish in seafood species now being caught
have already collapsed less than a tenth of their historical maximum catch.
This isn't based on models of assumption.
This is a very clear trend in its feeding-up-sid worm.
So those of you who are like shellfish, get a taste for something else.
Go out there and get some candy.
Go get some ice cream.
There it goes again.
I'm not in the mood for ice cream, but I don't know.
That's very unusual.
Okay, good.
No, it is.
It's very unusual.
It just doesn't do anything for me.
Like when you talked a few days ago about the marine gene that you found it just,
that got me wound up like an alarm clock.
Man, I was just whipped up to a frenzy.
So it's your fault that I went out and got those two-score ice cream cones, you know?
Many scientific studies have demonstrated the importance of biodiversity at the local level,
but this study shows for the first time that every species matters at the global level as well.
Even the disappearance of one species reduces the biodiversity of an ecosystem in turn,
reduced biodiversity means the oceans produce less food,
have lower resistance to disease and pollution,
and can't rebound as well from stresses like climate change.
Well, I don't know.
Let's see, by the middle of the century, I'll be turning into dust.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Isn't that what I said in that movie, Reckham?
Ashes to ashes?
Mm-hmm.
Would Jennifer Conner, whatever happened to her, what she and the other?
She's around.
What's she doing?
I don't see her in no more.
Dark water was the last movie I saw her in.
She was in some dark water?
Last year.
I was using a lot of hot water in Reckham.
I got to watch that again.
I'm going to be on television.
She was so good in that movie that she was.
It's just kind of scary.
I'm going to be on television.
I'm going to be on television.
I'm going to be on television.
I'm going to be on television.
I'm going to be on television.
I'm going to be on television.
Sarah Goldfarb, that sounds so Jewish, you know what?
Yeah.
No.
Well, I didn't know that you were a leader with Jewish.
1242 votes on the pool.
Neil talks too much about all this stuff on here.
I'm not going to read it.
Because then they'll accuse me.
See, there you go again, reading the pool result.
Maybe once an hour would be good, huh?
I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do.
I'm going to read it when I'm going to hell I want to.
How's that?
I just made up my mind.
Are you threatening me?
Yeah.
We have 734 friends in our Myspace.
We do at the start of the day.
I can check it again right now.
Thank God for this Mozilla Firefox.
You know what?
Amen.
I haven't got back to explore in a long time.
Since you've talked me and put in that Internet Explorer 7 on it.
Oh, yeah.
If ever there was an active sabotage, that was it.
How come I can't find Myspace?
Oh, there it is.
And we got some nifty stuff here on our Myspace page.
Too bad I don't have time to read it.
736 friends.
Excuse me.
We got two new friends today.
Let's hear it.
Another one.
Love Reach Him.
Another exciting 736.
And like Josh said, they're there for a doubting old fart like me.
That's pretty good.
That's damn good.
Because Myspace is generally for like living and breathing younger people.
They're not old fart.
And why don't you read news stories on your four hours every day.
Josh said, but that's pretty good for an old fag like you.
How many of you got on your website?
How many friends on your page?
Well, I only have people like no.
How many?
Real light.
I like 80 faux.
That's not bad for a punk like you.
For a schmuck like you that keeps moving every week.
Now let me just ask you this.
I don't want to start getting too, you know, of course he would log here.
But am I looking at this right?
Because when you fast me the log this last hour came out like in two pages.
Oh, yeah.
Which is, you know, Mark Foley would like that.
Two pages instead of just one.
One for each hand.
But like the last two breaks are two minutes each.
I'm getting on here.
Is that my dream?
Yeah, that's not a miss print.
Wow.
That looks like Chris Jones and his staff back there are doing a fantastic job.
The biggest name.
So, please, let's visit the real Roger's 420560.
You A.
The extension of power manure covers over this performance by the Dolphin.
Oh, I wonder wonder.
Do do do do.
We dropped the bottom of the log.
First you brainwash the public to push like a guy.
Then you hide back the US for all your worker buddies who can anything you want.
You come from them and tell them that you're not going to be able to do it.
And if theocracy had chance then you'll be a genius plunder.
Or water and natural gas.
Oh, I wonder wonder.
Do do do why.
We dropped the bottom of the log.
What a few dead babies.
They didn't suffer long.
We sure showed them a thing or two.
My country right or wrong.
Oh, I wonder wonder.
Do do do why.
We dropped the bottom of the log.
I wonder why.
We dropped the bottom of the log.
It's a 115.
And he's saying, I think that's what he said.
From 160 votes, didn't we have that just the end of the day?
I looked at 12, 16 and started battling about WALM and LB and Michigan.
Oh, probably.
That's another thing you ought to put on a full old crap.
That's what you ought to put on a full crap.
Oh, yeah.
Can I change my vote?
Go ahead.
We'll talk too much about an old crap.
Schmuck.
Old crap.
I'm well.
When you get a lot of stuff, we're talking about a old crap.
I hope you don't.
We'll want to help him out.
We'll give Josh an electric buzzer and he just electrocute me.
Adrian, do you know who Adrian Shelley is?
Yes.
She did.
Are you serious?
Adrian Shelley, an actress best known for her roles in the Howl Heartly Films Trust and the unbelievable truth,
was found in her office by her husband, Ragen, says.
Huh.
She was found about 6 p.m. Wednesday.
Police said yesterday last night they were waiting on top of the TV shows before deciding whether to investigate the cases it might be followed play.
There's a picture here.
Here, she's blot and she looks pretty good.
Well, it's normally she's a red hat and she had yet to show her boobs.
So I'm kind of bummed.
Well, maybe you still hope that on top of the TV show it's performed yesterday, but the medical examiner's office didn't have a cause of death.
Shelley, who was 40, appeared as Jerry in the 2000 film Fact Tour of Fact totem with Mad Dillon.
She started his Audrey Hugo in the 1989 film The Unbelievable Truth and Maria Cogland in the 1990 film Trust.
She worked steadily during her career in film theater and TV, later turned her writing and directing, making her directorial debut with Sudden Manhattan in 1996.
She was married to Andy Astroy and had a three year old named Sophie, according to the agent of about a decade, Rachel Sheedy.
Astroy is now in the movie Venice.
For an Adrienne Levine in Queens and Ray Zon Long Island, Shelley lived in Lower Manhattan with her family,
have been focusing more lately on writing, directing, crying for her daughter.
Shelley recently wrote a director in a film called Waitress, which started Kerry Russell and Nathan Phillon, Phillon.
She was so psyched about the film Sheedy said she gathered an amazing cast and she was really happy to hear back from Sundance about it.
She was only 40 and how she's dead.
Well, let's take it in, Shelley.
Not a bummer?
Yeah, it is, actually.
I like the film.
Bad.
Our goal is 13 and we should have it easily, except I'm just, I don't know, 1261.
So they're coming in by the ones. At that rate, we won't make 1,300.
And that would be really, really bad and embarrassing to me. Wouldn't that be embarrassing to all of us connected with this show?
No, we don't care.
We don't really care. I just, you know, again, I, I, it's, it's content.
Yeah, we just pretend we care because then if we put, oh, there's our fuck wall again.
He's another one. I don't want to see him and I don't want to see Michael Jay Foxx. I don't want to sound insensitive.
I don't want to see him.
I want to share this figure by the everybody we're alive.
What?
Everybody in every walk, bro.
He's dying from kidney failure, okay?
In fact, I remember several months ago there was an article about him about his miracle.
I guess he got a transplant or something. He had some kind of a miracle come back.
And I emailed that article to a last senator to give him an offer from a rare hope, which obviously didn't work,
but nevertheless I tried.
But anyway, Art Buckwald is in very, very bad shape. And they put him on TV there.
I think there ought to be a law that says that famous people after they reach a certain age or a certain state of decay, physical decay,
we don't need to see him anymore. You know what I mean? Like what? Like 64?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
But eventually the company's job is done. Bechtel's contract was part of an enormous U.S. effort to put a rack back on its feet that says after decades of wars and sanctions that rebuilding campaign once touted as the Marshall Plan of Modern Times was supposed to win the hard-s skeptical Iraqis by giving them clean water, dependable power, phones that work and modern sanitation. President Boise said he wanted the country's infrastructure to be the very best of the Middle East. Did that happen? But Bechtel, which charged into a rack with American Kandoo Furver, found it tough to keep its engineers
and workers alive, much less make any progress, and piecing Iraq back together. It's kind of like when Joe Belkin and tried to put the pieces of the QM puzzle back together after Greg Reed smashed it in like a smashing an egg. A little tiny bits of a crap. Did Iraq come out the way you hoped it would ask Cliff Mum, Bechtel's president for infrastructure work? I would say emphatically no, and it's heartbreaking. Emphatically no. The violence that is gripped Iraq through a hub cross and hamstring the engineers who poured into the country after the U.S. led invasion, Bechtel's first reconstruction contract awarded shortly after his saying
was over 3 April 2003 assured the company would have a safe environment for its workers, but by the end dozens of Bechtel employees and some contractors had been killed, some of them kidnapped, others marched out of their office and shot. Fordianna others were wounded. Bechtel responded by hiring more guards, driving armoured cars and fortifying its camps. Those steps ate up money that otherwise would have brought electricity and clean water into Iraqis, but did not. The size of Bechtel's contracts also shrank over time as U.S. officials devoured money from reconstruction and towards security instead of the nearly
$3 billion originally budgeted. Bechtel finally received about 2.3 billion, a figure that includes money to company spent on projects as well as its undisclosed profit. Mum directed Bechtel's work from a beer-bones trailer and bagged that. He's proud of his people for finding ways to work despite the threat of imminent death. But Mum's pride is mixed with frustration. Many of those completed projects later fell to collapsing security which made maintenance dangerous and in some cases resulting in damage to plants and equipment. How's that children's hospital under my coming at the law was all excited about?
The children were in the hospital and the children were still in the hospital. Your tax payer was being flushed down the toilet man. It's like opening up a faucet and just washing the water pour out. That's what they're doing with our money. Your government in action baby, 1272 votes, any fat, we're going to make 13 I think. We got 38 minutes to get 28 votes. If we can't do that we might as well sign this baby off today. Bye-bye. See ya. 1272 votes. All we're going to do is get old crabs got a vote.
Neo talks too much about I hate this pool 266 these dumb pools 209. See he's reading it again. Horse racing 157 see I don't understand these because I don't talk about horse racing or hockey. But nevertheless horse racing 157 hockey 144 management 101. I think what they're really trying to say is those are things that they're just sending me a message. You know like Joey Zaza. These are things we don't want to talk about. Management 101 I took that course. Polypix 95. Homo stuff 81. Too much. FagCrap. Sales hole 70.
Georgia W. Boost 62. Religion only 34. Sports only. Food 20 and the old crap only one. You vote for old crap. I guess you couldn't change it. No. Somebody did too much old crap like that W.A.L.M. stuff. I think it's interesting to me. So it's not interesting to you. What do I care? It's interesting because I used to work that fact. I think that would be a wonderful way to close out my career is to go back to a station. I worked at 33 years ago or whatever was. 30. Yeah 32 years ago. 1964 W.A.L.L.
I'll be in the middle of the end of that. The only problem is I'm sure it's not there anymore. What the hell is that? Lauren 12. Oh it's not. It is Lauren's one. That's not who we're just going to give that song. Four people in Paris. He had a hit with it. Calcutta. Okay. Well Paris. Calcutta. What's it? Close enough. Our burians. You were talking about wonderful and old stuff and. Lauren's about to show. I remember the very well. A wonderful one or two or three. Yeah. You'll be
in between and click and see your cruise on me. I'm here to like you sisters. Yeah. Lauren's. I'm kind of a person who has got to watch Lauren's well beside old. How are we going to watch that? Old. Old idiot. Uh huh. She made you watch the Lauren's well show. Yeah. I go in there and beat the crap out of her for that. Well. Yeah. 25 past one at 560 W.A.L. We got mad dog at you. Don't forget to hoppers off today because he's in New York.
Pouching around with the breeders cup. We don't want to talk about horse racing now. Of course we got Bernadini in there with one castellano. Hoppier. Whatever his name is. Hoppier Castellano. Last thing they want to hear about his horse racing. In fact, isn't that like right up there beside these dumb pools. Yes. Even worse than hockey. And they're off. And it's quick.
Take it available who breaks on top of right alongside its five star daydream and down on the rail. Change is going to come is coming up quickly.
We're jerking sound like he's on doggy uppers to them. They sound like guilty a little bit. Sounds like somebody's got his nothing and not. Sound a little strange to you. We'll be the leader down the back.
That's run. Change is like Tom Durkin on acid. Well, he must be prepping for the big breeders cup tomorrow. That must be a 26 past one at 560 W.A.L. Hey, it's down mattress is 30th birthday.
It was a very heavy birthday and a same to me and a celebrate down the mattress and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons V.D.
rest pillow top. You can choose from soft photos biggest selection of Simmons V.D. rest and get some delivery to like always.
So if you're finally ready to get smart and get a good night sleep for years to come just sit there on your ass and make one easy call.
No shop had around a comparison shopping. No wasting time gas and money. Just call one 800 mattress for dial a mattress and factory direct prices and award winning service with no nonsense.
They give you 12 month financing and an unbeatable delivery deal that nobody ever heard of. They still give you that same deal where you choose the date and time for delivery.
Any day seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 like in my to our window from noon to 2 or 1 to 3 or whatever and they show up on time.
So you don't have to sit around all day even the same day that you call in other words if you call right now you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight for a long time to come.
That's why dial a mattress is ranked number one and customer satisfaction because they give you unbeatable deals and service and that's why just about everybody a Q.M. uses dial a mattress.
So if the old mattress is handed get you a great new sleep the right way to do it by making that one easy call or check them on the Web at mattress dot com.
But better yet pick up the phone right now and call them at 1 800 mattress 1 800 M.A.T.T.R.E.S. leave off the last S because it stands for Stu Pindus saving.
The biggest name of the best talents to the business is Neil Rogers for radio 560.
So you are a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy
who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who is a guy who
The dolphins are such losers They really are quite lame I knew it from the fair restart I watched a pit first game and did you see the whimpy way it's saving through that flag standing on the sidelines He looked just like a fag and there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the way?
Ernie, hello Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Their problems stick to them like glue
The dolphins lost a football all in any fantasy
It's only fysher luck that they pulled out a victory
And then they played the Texans it almost made me sick
That stupid two-point pass play that fumbling on side trip
And there the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the way?
Ernie, hello Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
All in no more, I need to shoot
Absolutely
The dolphins can't control the fall they're running game is flat
As for their execution, well I'd agree with that
They're always gone up low a lead of that you can be sure
And when they leave the field so has a stench of commonplace
And there the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the way?
Ernie, hello Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Give them another shot of boor
Wooo, you stop
The dolphins have no strategy they play like idiots
Another couple games lost in the big red singe jets
I think they're all retarded
It's almost like their curse
Eskiesentaylor and Zectomis
Which team is the worst in their play?
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number 4 what the hell 32?
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Now they're through
Miami Dolphins
132 and 560 WQM could be really ugly in Chicago on Sunday man
Could be really gruesome and grotesque
Don't forget we got the real pregame show though at 10am on Sunday
Just like we got the opening tip with Bimbo Cores tonight at 7am
And the heat rewind after the heat game as they attempt to lose 2 in a row
1286 you know there's not even any like drama or suspense today
We're gonna get that 13 number real easy George
Yeah, what do I have to do with that game?
13 number by 2 o'clock that means I have to do the poll again
Yeah, well they don't like my polls lately
They don't seem to be the number one response yesterday and today
It's because they hate this pool
I hate you because you're all going to be 64 on Sunday
What's that bit about now on 64?
Now on 64?
Yes, get out of here
Alright, see that was it's called?
No, now he's 64
Oh, well what's hard?
Oh, they did it
Let's have a party for Pomokarkey
Now he's 64
Oh
We roll over too
I'd like to say these words
Happy birthday to you
You and the Beatles once were dead news
John and George are gone
George had cancer, John got shot, they didn't survive
Good old ring, go, he's still alive
Once more fussed, holding some weed
Inch of pan on tour
Your wife doesn't need you, the lawyers will bleed you
And you're 64
Oi
Oi is the word baby
Get in close with social security, get in close to the box
135 of a QAM, so anyway thanks to Jane and Deerfield
formerly afford a lottery else, she says
Who fasted in a happy birthday reading in many many returns
Thanks Jane, that's for you and that's weed
Yes, it's she fasted in a happy birthday
And I'm of course most of the rest of these people
They were fasted in complaints about you
Measure them all faster, stuff like that
But they would never say happy birthday, you need a part
You miserable thing
I'll be dying for your birthday
Yeah, that's right, hope on your birthday you're still going to fall and break your neck
And mind if it's a like in a hospice for the rest of your horrible pathetic days
Stuff like that
It's a stuff fluid away, 1291 votes on the pool, we need just 9 for 1300
That's a no-drainer man
Just like these last two breaks in the shower
What the hell is that all about?
We're going to have two two-minute breaks, is that what you tell me?
Yeah, that's what I'm telling you
Or we can do one four minute break
But we don't want to do that though, we do it
Why don't we?
No, we don't want to do that, that would be bad
Maybe we'll just get out like five minutes early to make her for the time we keep running over because it was low
And why do you keep running at one long ponderous rejoin there?
Are those on rotation or do you do a pick and choose?
I pick and choose
Well, why do you do that? You're the most sadistic bastard
Which one would that be?
I told you I wanted you to jump up and jump down on the desk and pee all over their forehand
Yeah, I know, but you said it on the air during the show
Yeah, that's right, I'm here
In reality, like those rejoins because it gives you something to catch about like an old woman
A teenager carrying a Bible and shouting, I want Jesus
We're shocked twice with a police stung gun and later died at St. Louis Hospital in 30 Cent
Well, I guess maybe he got to meet Jesus
That's right
I want Jesus to then
Jesus Christ
In the statement obtained this week by the Associated Press Police in Jerseyville about 40 miles north of St. Louis
Since 17-year-old Roger Holyfield would not acknowledge officers who approached him and he continued yelling, I want Jesus
Police tried to calm the team, but how a Holyfield became competitive according to the statement
Officers fired the stung gun at him after he ignored their warnings
Then fired again when he continued struggling, Holy said
Holy Holyfield was flown to St. Louis Cardinals
Oh, that is actually such a place St. Louis's Cardinal Glen in hospital after the confrontation Saturday and by their Sunday
An autopsy is planned
The statement expressed that they do a Holyfield family but said city and police officials wouldn't discuss them out of no further
Calls to Jerseyville Police Chief Brad Blockerby were not immediately returned
The Department's been using stung guns for about five months
In a report released in March, International Human Rights Group, and the International Senate
The law released 156 deaths across the country in the last five years related to police stung guns
The rise in deaths of companies a market increase in the number of U.S. law enforcement agencies employing devices made by
Taser International of Scotsfield, Arizona about 1000 and 18,000 police agencies used tasers in 2001
More than 7,000 departments had them last year according to a government study
Police had used tasers more than 70,000 times as of last year
Amnesty International is urged police departments to suspend the use of tasers pending more study
Taser International said the group's count was flawed and falsely linked deaths to tasers used when there's been no official such as such official conclusion
The city of St. Louis also drew unwanted attention for crime this week when it was named the most dangerous U.S. city by Morgan Quinn O'Press
And we talked about that so foot out once a year that again writes old news
And after you shot that we didn't get more Florida cities on that pool and that the poor state I was with was the 25th
Safe-faceted living who now wants to live in poor state loosely man
Oh and speaking of idiots there's Tom Fieber from the Harold Brothers Trends Group
But is the reliability for Charlie Clinton?
No, he's a Republican candidate for the New York State
The overall polls have been shown to be on favorables are a little higher here than the Republicans would like
But not quite as high as they are across the board. I think what he's looking to do it's fairly obvious is to get into
How come you're not outing Charlie Christie with you, Tom Fieber?
Just because he's a Republican and going to be the next governor. Is that the reason that Tom Fieber?
You idiot, you're quizzling.
You're fairing.
1297 we're creeping along man. We'll get to that 1300.
They just playing with our emotions enough as I was stupid enough to say what is no drama here? No suspense, yeah?
So that'll probably come in. The last three votes will come in like one about seven minutes apart.
Wouldn't you think knowing this crowd?
Mm-hmm.
Evil. There are a lot of them who are evil.
140, 20, 2, 2, at 5, 60, WTQA, I am experienced the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pomano.
And don't forget, a Mercedes-Benz of Pomano doesn't matter what time of the month you purchase a vehicle, whether it's the beginning of the month, the middle of the month, the end of the month, you always get the best you'll go in anywhere.
Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV or their large, fantastic selection certified pre-owned cars.
When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pomano, you've got over 200 employees dedicated for riding a comparable service, offering express lube, courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash.
Make an appointment through the Business Development Center and don't forget you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles with your airlines.
Browse Mercedes-Benz of Pomano's indirectsport, you'll find over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or just go to benzpompto.com, B-E-N-Z, benzpompto.com.
Experience the difference and Mercedes-Benz of Pomano just call 1-800-New Benz, any W-B-E-N-Z.
1-800-New Benz, you'll find them at i95 and Copens Road.
Mercedes-Benz of Pomano, a Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other you have ever seen.
The biggest name of the best tail I've ever seen is Neil Rogers, sports radio 560, U-A-M.
Friday, you've breasted your friend and freedom as beautiful as you know, it'll just have to restore chaos, but we thought we will.
The most important thing is that you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out of the car, but you can't get out
down the road was so badoxgsge
on manstag
I like them and I think he has every right to be pissed off.
Well too bad, screw him.
I'm having a slice of crap cheese right now.
Just to push you off.
What, why the?
Crab singles.
I just ate my Greek salad during that break.
You just did Greek during the break?
Yes, I did Greek and I'm all over.
13, 05 on a pull.
Pretty good.
Pretty hefty duty.
By the way, with those long rejoins,
that makes it a 3 minute break.
By the way.
You mean the last one?
No, the last two.
Why are you going to play another one with long rejoins?
Well, you know, that would be good this time.
See, because we have a 2 minute break.
Yes.
But it's not going to be a whole minute.
Well, whatever the hell it is, who cares?
You know, are we on like some kind of a network or something?
It's like just pretend it's the old days.
Like I was talking about yesterday, the old crap.
See, two people say I talk about too much old crap.
I like old crap.
That would be a good pull today.
Yeah.
What's better, old crap or new crap?
What kind of crap do you like better?
Anyway, back in the day when we had the worst amount of money here,
it was, oh, you remember those George always,
we're going to robber would come right in there usually.
Oh, and I've got to be two minutes over.
I've been doing this over a day.
I've got a very important interview going on with how it's smelly,
but with some crap like that, you know.
As if they were just going to stay like this turn show thing.
I'm going to just stay on as long as I want to.
I'll let you know when you can start your show and when I'm done.
Right.
But of course, nobody ever heard of.
When something is important is what they had going on.
How can you, you know, how exactly anything else robbing?
Anything else?
Anything else?
D-fo?
Me-fo?
And of course, everyone knows that me-fo was a real.
You've done killer?
Yeah.
Anyway.
Those were the days you guys just saw at the end of this year.
It's going to be nine years.
Say it again.
Yeah.
Years at QAM.
Can you believe that?
I guess I have to.
Wow.
It's gone by.
It seems like about only a hundred.
Mm-hmm.
But there I go talking about old crap again.
They're going to start piling up on that.
Advocates for civil freedoms are expressing their concerns
with the recent rise of VNA databases.
National Journal's technology daily reports with them.
Sure is one of your favorites and read it religiously.
Speaking at a Washington DC event hosted by the AC or U Civil
Libertarians this week said that the many perceived risks
of VNA databases, right?
Twitter Casey.
And overrides on these databases could undermine criminal
justice and AC or U science advisor who warned of possible
misuses of data related to race or sexual orientation and
called for a moratorium of databases until more is known.
Casey wrote that a UC Irvine professor said he's concerned
that criminals will develop increasingly sophisticated ways
to outsmart lower enforcement and that any databases
should be more open to the public.
By the way, I mentioned that Charlie Christie.
Yeah, not that it makes any difference.
You just a hypocrite.
You just hold a crap.
And now at least I would remind of that because there's
that Ted Haggard got and it's just over and over.
Never used the map.
Never used the map.
If the method is coming through and people are tired of it.
Well, it is.
Living down the stereotypes.
I mean, is the stereotype of the evangelical leader who
rails against homosexuality is of a closeted gay man who's
doing lines of crystal matter?
Well, there you go.
Put the vote tie back on talking to us.
And AC and U statements and Congress and some state legislators
recently voted to allow for the permanent retention of DNA
following arrests.
They said the move to include information on innocent people
in the databases is worrisome and should be opposed.
DNA samples should be destroyed once investigation.
They're over the resound according to the president's DNA
initiative all states have provisions that allow for the
collection of DNA profiles from offenders convicted of
particular crimes.
Currently, they say 44 states require samples from all adults
convicted of felonies.
These successive government software programs that operate
multiple databases of DNA profiles from convicted offenders
is demonstrated by the thousands of matches that have linked
serial cases to each other the website for the president's
and individual set.
However, Helen Wallace, the deputy director of Gene Watch,
UK, said the chances of solving a crime with the database
have not significantly improved in recent years.
On Monday, British Prime Minister Tony Blair reportedly called
for the country's national DNA database to be expanded
to include every citizen.
How do you like that?
That's freaking Tony Blair.
That's what I have to say to him.
It's really too bad.
What's his name is on mother retucker today because I thought
maybe Rita would be on there.
That's why I turned over to MSNBC and there's no Rita.
Well, the hell with that?
Who the hell needs them, right?
We don't have our girlfriend Rita on there.
We don't need the no MSNBC.
Kathleen Hennessy, I wonder if she's kind of walley.
Right?
No attack.
No people seen in the Vada video.
A partial review yesterday of surveillance video from a
parking gay rise where a woman said the Republican candidate
for Governor Solider did not reveal the presence of either
person or any attack.
A judge ordered police to release 16 hours of surveillance video
to lawyers for representative Jim Gibbons and Christie
Maseo who accused the candidate of pushing her against the
wall inside the garage October 13 and propositioning her
after the two had drinks together at a nearby restaurant.
Given 61, a mere age five turn congressman from Reno has
denied any impropriety says he helped Maseo when she tripped
while walking toward the garage.
Maseo's accusation now under investigation by police has
launched a media frenzy and consumed Gibbons' gubernatorial
been the final stretch of the tight race against a senator,
Dina Titus, or is that Titus?
We can't say Titus some sorry.
Not anymore.
Associated press reviewed sequences of tapes provided by
Gibbons lawyer during the time frame when Maseo
weighed 32 year old Las Vegas strip casino waitress since he was
assaulted.
But the AP was not able to view the tapes in their entirety and
was unable to review every camera running during the hour before
Maseo's 911 calls to the police.
Camera released two eight hour tapes to the AP.
The news organization you take from nine of the 15 cameras
recorded in the period of 915 p.m. to 1030 p.m. Maseo first
called police at 1022 p.m. and a study assault occurred near
elevators in front of these surveillance cameras.
But a meet the boot above Gibbons lawyer Don Campbell said
he's been told by a security company that viewed the tapes
that this client was not recorded in their gay rise.
Campbell said he hadn't viewed the tapes in their entirety
because the video could be properly watched only in an
out-of-date device called a multiplexer.
And we must have one of those if it's out-of-date we got it.
According notes from police investigators related by a
Campbell one of the two videos showed footage from 15 cameras
in the parking garage across the street from the restaurant
where Gibbons and Maseo had drinks with a group of people.
That is request the AP return the tapes to Campbell.
The Gibbons campaign said the tapes have been distributed
to other media outlets and it goes on and on.
He did this and she did that and you know,
nobody's got any ideas, any solutions, any agenda.
All they got is just smear and smear man.
It's all they got.
If you've been paying any attention to all of these campaigns
pretty much that's they all degenerate down to that.
Smear and smear right?
Absolutely.
Anybody got any good ideas out there?
Anybody got any concept of what we ought to do to get ourselves out
of the Quagmire in Iraq?
Oh, any of these things.
Nothing.
1313 man, are you excited about that or what?
A natural on the pole?
I was asked you are you excited of course?
I said no.
You're about as excited as a dead man about the pole.
Yeah.
Well, why not not?
I couldn't lie about it for 10 that you care.
Oh, yeah.
Whoa.
It's like I actually said about the Keynes and Virginia Tech tomorrow
and the dolphins and the bears on Sunday.
Huh?
Oh, yeah, man.
I'm going to be so watching that game.
Oh, who are the Patriots playing this week?
Oh, it can't be the colds can it?
Oh, like I said, I don't care about sports.
Never have never will.
Neil talks too much about we have 1319 votes,
which we appreciate very, very much your tremendous enthusiastic
involvement.
Don't we?
No.
1319 talks too much.
I hate this pool 274 20.
7% they just hate.
Maybe instead of I hate this pool,
we should just put I hate on there every day.
And as it is a place to go for that.
I already audience that were drought.
That's a place to go where you can invent.
I know we understand Neil talks too much about these dumb pools
to 18 just like he's reading again right now.
We've heard it.
We've heard it enough horse racing 162 hockey 147.
How about those Panthers?
Any three know none?
Zero management 105 politics 97.
Almost of 85 sales holes 73 George W. Bush 63 and then
it's a big drop down to religion only 36 because we got a
really gigantic heathen crowd.
You're all going to burn in hell.
I'll say that I'll be well.
I'll be seeing you there religion 36 sports 33,
which I don't get that at all.
But that's yeah, who knows food 24 and our old crap to only two.
I've spent on there for quite a while.
Isn't it?
Maybe they like old crap.
What?
You ever think of that?
It's possible.
What could possibly be wrong with old crap depends on the crap I reckon and
the order you get the more old crap you have in your mind unless you got
like you know people minded or something like that.
You think oh this happened.
I know I said this before but it's true as you get older the one thing that
happens and it it sneaks up on you.
You don't even realize it and you think about something that happened in the past
and it used to say well you know 10 years ago such and such happened.
And then before you know it you're thinking yourself about things that happen
like 40 some years ago right 40 years ago.
Oh my god.
Right.
And then you start thinking to yourself I'm a real old farm and of course you
absolutely are.
The biggest name of the best talent for the business.
We own Rochester sports radio 560.
You a.
M.
God.
Crazy old Thomas on a.
Fabio just like I did.
We go.
Crazy old Thomas on a.
Fabio just like what did.
So.
When you go.
Just like.
Well maybe not a.
And you give us.
But when you come down with you don't care.
You're so.
Right.
Right.
Oh.
Crazy.
Just like.
As.
He tried to make me want to.
You can have your soccer.
Call the movies on the back.
Anything.
And they need to see that.
They got.
Crazy.
Crazy.
Crazy old Thomas on a.
Fab Fab Fab.
Just like you did.
People.
All right.
No.
I'm.
I'm.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
If you want to get a song stop the war and that's a piece.
Go on with the most women on the street.
Same thing I have to like it.
Maybe folk is going to bump bump bump new light light before.
And with your song you'll bump bump bump.
Just like you did before.
Out.
Chick, chick, chick, chick, chick, chick, chick, chick, chick, chick, chick...
Go on, bump bump bump bump, dumb bump bump.
Go on, bump bump bump bump bump.
