1 quick thing before shooting out and that is Peyton.
14 for 24, 180 for yards and one interception after that first pass he threw against Pittsburgh
that burned him for 80 yards.
So after that this game was some art routine.
Well, Pittsburgh is going to keep your ass.
That is not like wishful thinking.
Hey, a little bit for me.
But I think that's not that I don't think the Patriots could beat Indianapolis on a perfect day.
Oh, you are looking ahead.
Yeah, that's right.
You have to look ahead just like Belluchick was with that dolphin game.
You think he dumped that game?
Oh, come on.
We have already been through this.
Are you kidding me?
Do I think he dumped that game?
Everybody says so.
Is there any doubt?
Meanwhile, everybody around the place is wearing hockey jerseys today.
Are they really guessing because they are badwagon jippers?
Let's see about how bad St. Louis is.
I don't think they are going to throw a family of break messy in my ass.
I'm so tired of you.
The beast is wearing a Bruins jersey.
Well, he probably hates Mark Messier.
Shy is wearing a messy jersey.
Oh, please.
Give me a break.
That was a big night last night.
Well, I'm real happy for you.
I didn't see one minute of it.
I didn't either.
And I told you the parenthesis of Kex St. Louis's ass.
And let me tell you, if there were 15,800 people in that arena last night, then my name is
Ish Kibibble.
Okay, that was a joke.
Oh, I mean, listen, they were counting arms and legs.
They must have been.
I mean, you can have all the meetings of the track you went with Ellen Cohen.
You can tell all these wonderful, glorious stories about the attendance and way up.
And I'm going to tell you something.
There are just sections where they're like empty, where there's almost no people.
They showed a couple of panoramic shots because it was the first game in HD last night.
Although I didn't get the HC telecast, but nevertheless, it was a pretty slim, or maybe 10,000 people.
Yeah, they had some, they were on a little bit of an upward turn there for a while.
Not that there's any St. Louis fans, of course.
And of course, it seems they'll happen tomorrow, but even worse, because the Columbus straight jackets, I mean,
there's no Columbus fans in just about any works except in Columbus.
Yeah, so your close personal friend, Rimmerlbee, in town, in town right now, a long time.
He can take you in the George to that lunch he was going to buy you guys.
He's going to take us to lunch?
No, that's just a joke.
But Columbus really sucks, so the pants is probably when I'm thinking like four or nothing or four or one tomorrow night.
Not a great restaurant town.
What's that? Columbus?
They have a Ruth Krister, or Rimmerlbee.
I guess St. Louis fans have been feeding him pretty good.
So that's how movie last night that maybe you saw, probably not though.
Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman and Ed, what's his name?
Ed Norton.
Ed Norton?
Yeah.
The human stain.
I haven't seen it.
And that's the first half of it.
The first half hour of it, it's all the rest.
It was pretty good.
What about a guy?
About a young black guy who's very, very light-complexed, who passes for white.
He's a boxer as a kid.
And then he becomes a college professor.
And he got to where he was based in the fact that he lighted all his light, he pretended he was white.
As a boxer, then he got in the Navy, checked off, he was white.
And so he goes through life pretending he's Jewish.
I don't want to spoil the movie though.
I'm going to call him, let's see, you get boobies with Nicole Kidman in there.
And then there's the scene, the flashback where he was a young man, his other girlfriend.
There's like full frontal loom to be.
So there you go.
There's a hook to get some of you perverts involved.
Pretty good movie.
I wouldn't go see just to see Nicole Kidman.
She was very good in that though.
She was good at acting.
She was really, oh she was great man.
She actually looked good in this movie too.
I know that's shocking, but she looked pretty good.
Speaking of not looking good, there was a little article today about, did you see what that Russian,
the guy, Zheranovsky said about Condoleezza Rice?
No, I do not.
Condoleezza?
Condoleezza?
No, I didn't see it.
He said that if she has no man by her side or her age, he's got a problem.
She needs a company of soldiers.
She needs to be taken to barracks where she would be satisfied.
No, yeah.
Condoleezza Rice is a very cruel, offended woman.
Now this is not Neil talking.
This is Zheranovsky, a Russian.
Right.
And he's ticked off at her.
Why doesn't he just come around and say, she's just a hostile nasty, bold woman.
Just like all those nuns that the Catholic got disciplined by in school.
Let's play the original Condoleezza now.
What do you say?
No.
I guess not.
Even with the new management, we're not going to be playing the unexperienced version of Condoleezza.
No, I just thought you would be in the middle of it.
If you want to see that, it's in today's Daily News.
I don't want to see it.
Okay.
I don't want to get all depressed.
I don't want to hear about Condoleezza.
We have bigger fish to fry.
Yeah.
Got Samolito's going to take the court a hundred yards to the right.
That's a living sense.
Bye bye.
Bye bye, Rovy Wade.
Bye bye.
I think the 64 civil rights act probably go down the drain too.
I thought it was going to be a very smart tactic on his part to bring his wife in here to have her cry in front of the Senate.
Oh, geez.
She's so offended.
And the best part of it is she didn't break out into tears until Lindsey Graham started defending him.
That was maybe that's what she was crying about.
Yes.
Of course, Lindsey Graham, like I said, had the other day.
He's one of the guys that was coaching him in the White House on how to answer the question.
So it's not appropriate that he should be sitting there on a committee and getting all indignant outraged about all these attacks on his character in Alice.
Just all the dog and pony show and Sam Biden or Joe Biden, whatever his name is this way, he did change his name.
Joe Biden is right.
It's, you know, the way to time.
Yeah.
Don't you remember when he was running for president the first time which he's going to run again in 2008?
Maybe.
Don't you remember there was some scandal about how he had changed his name?
I don't remember what it was.
Probably something, you know, something in activists like Saul Robinoitz or something like that.
He always changes his mind about running.
No, he's a waffler.
He's a real waffler.
Yep.
Him and Carrie.
And then Hillary, of course, she's, she's another one.
She's leaning so far to the right now that she may fall off the edge of the planet speaking to the ice princess, another dyke.
I say, let's give up another shot.
That's what I'm thinking.
And be fine with me.
Yeah.
Bring him back.
Give another shot at it.
Get it right this time.
And we can actually, we have to give Monica her own orifice right there in the White House.
Yeah.
Move her right in.
Move the in our way out and move Monica back in.
I think she's eating Europe right now.
Yeah.
No Ariel Shiro and I were in two to host.
What's she doing?
She's taking the leftovers.
And there are surprise that your own is not responding.
I can't imagine why they're surprised.
See, they lied about it after his first stroke.
They lied about that because of the political consequences.
They're just these, they're probably, yes, something he's probably dead already.
I mean, anybody's got like a tray of 16 bagels sitting the foot away from his bedside.
And he's did not reach inform that he could be dead that he could run again.
Yeah.
Well, maybe in Chicago.
It was good enough for the guy in Missouri.
What was it?
His wife became the governor for a while.
Senator.
Yep.
He could run for a while.
He did.
Huh?
The dead man that'd be John Ascroff for a senator a few years ago.
You remember that?
I know.
But he could run for Marisha Cogger.
He could, George, we talked over.
George said he could run.
Yeah.
I tried to ignore it.
That was really insensitive.
Well, what do you expect from a little a Julio, huh?
From a little stick.
So what's up for the weekend?
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow morning, right and early, it's a wood vine.
I'm trying to get some money back.
And then Monday I have all because it's Martin Luther King Day.
And as a result, I'll again be making the events you're out there.
I could do a lot of money this week.
There's a good card at Santa Anita tomorrow.
Really?
Yes.
Tyler Bays riding?
Yeah.
He ever went in another race?
Well, he sure fell off the edge of the globe speaking of Santa.
And he lost some races.
Wow.
But they've got the two-year-old breeder's cup winner.
He was making his three-year-old debut tomorrow.
Murf Griffin's horse?
Murf Griffin's got a horse, huh?
Yeah, a good one.
Hey, Murf.
You fairy.
Who was he kidding?
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Well, he was a...
Which good boy's sister was...
He was hooked up with the pig.
Not with Eva.
Was the pig.
Eva.
Eva.
It was Eva.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
For show.
Correct.
Two for the money on Tiefre Show and...
Anyway, the name of the horse is Stevie Wonder, boy.
Oh, I'm surprised that they would be called Denny Terrio.
But anyway, nothing that crap.
Yeah.
I say one thing, man, there's a guy with no talent.
He reminds me of Russell Wases on a much bigger scale.
A guy with no talent that struck it rich, that made big bucks.
So, I ever tell you...
See what I'm saying?
The night when I used to be an advertising, I went to a media presentation
in Channel 7 where they were showing the NBC.
They were at the NBC at the time.
Full preview and Russell Wases and Joey Carr got into a fist fight at the party.
Really?
Who would you root for?
I root for a draw.
And that's hysterically.
Got into a fist fight?
Yeah.
Joey Carr, dining and dancing.
Is he still alive?
No.
No, he died.
Good.
Now, it's funny.
His brother's name was Steve Cohen and his name was Joey Carr.
Yeah, it was.
I wonder which one she needed.
She needed a name.
It's to be Steve Carr.
I thought he could get ahead of you.
Right.
And there were other brother racing car.
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
Joey Carr.
But at one spot, till the day they stick my ass in the ground.
And by the way, that car, I'll let you know what it's going to be.
I'll never forget that spot.
Dining and dancing and he's like swinging from side to side.
At that time, it was like 140 years old, Joey Carr.
I know it was about...
One of them accused Joey.
A Joey accused Russ O'Hase of stealing a client of it.
Yeah.
And then it started over.
I wish I had seen that.
Yeah.
But anyway, getting back to Merv Griffin, he's a, you know, that jeopardy thing and wheel of fortune.
Here's the guy with no talent.
He couldn't sing.
He couldn't act.
He couldn't...
He played the Tink of the panel a little bit and that was about it.
And what was that song?
I got a lovely bunch of coconuts.
That was just big hit.
That's right.
You know, a novelty record.
Yep.
And then he had it with a terrible interviewer.
And he used to like...
Yeah.
He was just awful.
And then he came up with these two quick shows.
You've been here.
They are still on the air.
He's still making billions off of that.
He owns a lot of good racehorses.
Is he really?
Yeah.
I mean, he did.
Well, yeah.
Obviously they're expensive ones.
But he's set a couple of champions.
Well, I'm real happy for him.
I'll be betting on Benny's theory on myself.
Of course, the breed.
I'm sure he does.
Well, listen, that note...
Yes.
At least ten grand tomorrow would be good for the weekend.
It'll keep you going through next week, mate.
I'll be fresh, because I haven't played in a few days.
Good.
I'll be refreshing after a Wednesday.
I'll be trying to...
Get a little bit of a back.
I'll be back in a minute.
I'll be back in my pocket.
All right.
Well, you have a good weekend.
And back to you.
And three of Tuesday, by the way.
Don't forget Happy Martin Luther King Day.
Oh, that's right.
I'll be here Monday.
You won't be.
That's correct.
Okay.
I'll talk to you Tuesday.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Hey Brad! Guess you know what your man looks for! Hey Brad! Hey Brad! Making babies never take too long! Brad, kid, God!
He is very proud she's got protruding tongue-its, then they could come and die.
Chance the theme I go the way you're pushing the beat, that's just open every size. Hey Brad! Hey Brad! You'll be a dad before too long! Hey Brad! Hey Brad!
Hey Brad! Baby, hand you lead a boy, be bold!
Anyway, I think he would enjoy the human stain with Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman. A lot of nudity in there like I said.
He'd drive that part. Mr. First half, although I should probably go out and get the DVD and stuff in my DVDs and then like I've gone by Washington, I can say it to you.
See, it's been on the cable and I've been avoiding it, but why is that? Why did you avoid it? I didn't know she got naked.
Is it a racial thing when he was at it, you know, he was a very like-complexed black guy. And I looked up the actor that played the young Anthony Hopkins character, whatever the young professor.
And who's a very interesting guy and he's like a Portuguese and Syrian and like about ten other different, he was born in England.
So even though you're talking about it, it's like lacking credibility with Anthony Hopkins with his accent and this movie didn't have a British accent.
I say that's number one and number two, at least as a young man, he was the actor was born in England.
Well, he's one of my all-time favorites, so I should see it. Yeah, you ought to see it. Maybe my second favorite actor.
Anyway, speaking of pizza burglars, I think we saw with some of them a little bit of light today.
Yeah, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, a burglar who kicked in the back door of a restaurant must have worked up an appetite.
Police said the person who broke into the garden palace overnight Monday baked themselves a sausage and beef pizza before they left.
Oh, yeah, why not do it?
Oh, I got to work. I noticed my pizza oven was on, so Darryl Rundel, the restaurant owner, my back door was busted.
I came back to the kitchen, saw dirty dishes in my sink. We'd cleaned up the night before and there were no dishes in the sink.
Well, at least the guy was polite enough to put the dishes in the sink. On the dirty pizza pans, he found sausage and beef.
He also discovered that buns, pizza crusts and sauce, hot dogs, beef and Italian sausage, sandwiched about eight pounds of cheese had been taken.
The restaurant which opened December 7th has already had three breakings, he said.
December 7th is only the Friday the 13th of January. He said the first breaking was on December 8th.
In that case, the intruder also made a pizza. The second break in a Christmas Eve resulted in the theft of seven cases of muffins. Maybe with sandy claws.
Rundel said my menus got reasonable prices with my prices. They shouldn't have to steal crap.
A pizza burglar that actually was a cook in himself of pizza while he was running off of the bunch of crap. Nothing worse than a pizza burglar if he asked me.
12 minutes passed and if I had this Friday the 13th, now what are we supposed to do to make of that?
And if I were to take it full moon, I think it's tomorrow.
Wow. So boy, you put those ingredients together and it just boasts really ominous. When you think, you know what that means.
No, ominous. We used to have a traffic leading named ominous esvedo. I'm trying to think was an alien'sy. Yeah, ominous.
Rundel said to show with Alistair Sim, ominous.
Another course that was a traffic lead of the Paxton. One thing I will say about Paxton. I'm just rambling today. Just feel like it.
Yeah. Paxton actually ran IOD more like a business than Cox. You understand? Remember what I was the log was full? They knew how to sell the show as they liked.
They actually liked the shows except for Paxton's wife of course who hated me like poison, but other than that.
And they were like more like business like and so I see a direct correlation between the transfer from Cox broadcast into Paxton IOD from the Greg Reed.
And I was your bell who's really swell and that's what I'm so on. Right? Okay. You see what I'm saying. Yes, I do. In other words, more like a real business as opposed to like a fraternity or a country club where a lot of charity cases hang on.
1013 at 560 WDQ and so on Monday we're going to have those erosmith thickets. See if we don't don't get all whipped up today.
5 pair of erosmiths like it's at the bank Atlantic Center. The interwriters he that's my fault because I'm so in the habit of calling it by that name.
And there I guess there is a bank United Center. What is that?
There's not I don't think the freshman spoke yesterday. Oh, I said it'll be at the bank United Center.
And the concert is when it's next to the 19th as next Thursday, right? Erosman. I don't know.
Well, I tell you if I was there, I guess I get together with Jeff Cohen and we go out and get stolen and go see Erosmith. Well, I guess the convocation center is now the bank United Center. Were the hurricanes play?
Oh, the Hurricanes. Well, that's a horse of a different feather. That's in Dave County. It's not even in the right county. Erosmith and go to state county. You can be sure that when you're shopping for shoes, where do you want to go? You want to go to brand these shoes and pomp and a piece. I haven't said about these folks for about 100 years now.
So always do the smart thing and go to brand these because they can't be unbelievable combination. They've got the best selection of name brand shoes.
They make sure that you get a perfect fit because there are sales holes right now. Your feet inside and out and they give you the best prices in town. What's not to like?
All the major brands are waiting for you at Brandes. For a shine echo rockport, but fist of new balance, SAS, all the others.
And like I said, Brandes professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a perfect fit every time this asks for Arnie. He'll take good care of you.
And Brandes even specializes in wide width. Don't forget as you get older, your feet get fatter. You probably do when your feet get fatter as well.
So be sure to have them check that out. Brandes is worth the trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style. Fit value and selection. They are absolutely unbeatable.
Brandes shoes 1290 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach open Monday through Saturday to 9. Sunday still 5. And this week is a sensational time.
Even better than ordinary to buy rockports at Brandes. Visit Brandes today and take 10 to 20 bucks off their great rockport selection only this week.
And only if Brandes shoes in Poppano Beach.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
What's up Brandes? I'm sorry.
On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked. You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again.
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true.
Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members get a brand new liver.
Everybody gets a liver. And the blood gets better.
Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members get a brand new U-Villa.
Everybody gets a brand new liver. Everybody gets a brand new liver.
The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey.
The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm.
Everybody gets a brush in your home. Everybody gets a brush in your home.
Oprah giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for it even though she could easily afford to.
And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets a dead man.
Everybody gets a dead man.
She almost died in the plane crash. We were at that. There was a big scare. The windshield got cracked.
And she seemed to like it. So now she's going to marry Stenna.
Because she's so feared to die in now. I see.
She ought to be feared to forget too like that book club author.
And then he writes that we'll get to better.
Because those are the only two things we ought to be concerned about.
Is Angelina Jolie really pregnant and is Oprah's book of fake, which Oprah was.
Yeah.
And now that really that many millions of gullible women in America.
I mean, Oprah says, Cartman, they're all squeezing. It's just incredible. You can smell it.
Now, this story that you, as somebody fact in, were you just testing the facts machine?
Or was this, uh, yeah, those are the facts that they came in yesterday when I mean facts.
You would be a little more interesting if it said something here about where it was.
But I guess it's generic. It's from Yahoo news. So you can't expect too much.
Feet is, don't count as passengers, but it comes to determining who may drive in the car pool lane of judge ruled.
A judge somewhere in the USA.
Candice Dixon was fine.
367 bucks for improper use of a car pool lane, but content of the fetus inside her womb allowed her to use the lane.
Motorists usually in Zermy must have at least one passenger during weekday rush hours.
Municipal judge Dennis Freeman rejected Dickinson's argument this week applying a common sense definition in which an individual is someone who occupies a separate and distinct space in a vehicle.
Well, maybe we could use that for a replace Roe v Wade.
That's the price.
It's kind of hard for the fetus to replace a separate and whatever.
The law's meant to fill empty space in a vehicle, a judge said.
Sergeant Dave Norton.
I wonder if he's keen to Ed Norton stop Dickinson's car November 8th when asked how many people were in the car Dickinson said two pointed to the obvious pregnancy.
Norton said Dickinson's theory would require police to carry guns, radios and pregnancy testers.
I don't think we want to go there.
Don't even go there.
Don't want to go there.
No.
Too in and over that was, but it was somewhere.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, man. Maybe we could count as I could as a passenger now, too.
Right.
I was actually going about that open thing.
I'm glad you already heard about it.
My gutty, even on the comedy channel, it's on there. It's everywhere.
I'm the side-by-camp.
I didn't go to the online on the internet this morning.
I didn't know about it.
They're making the rounds.
This phony author he's been under, be showing the guy from the smoking gun.com that outed him.
He's on all the time.
That guy was on an interview on that other station, that sports station with Rob Astart.
Yeah.
You've been through so much.
What do you think about Michael Rubin's drug problem?
He's actually like a real former drug addict.
The guy's a phony.
He's always late at star.
Well, that's right.
We have a big fan of stay-no-more radio actions, man.
Here when the man-dog is on this guy's listening to the Dan LaBasterd.
And what the hell does that have to do with sports?
Well, they really are desperate.
I can't wait for that next trend to come out when I got a point.
Nobody's perfect, but I think they can do it.
I think they can like flatline right at the point.
Oh!
Just like Alistair and passions.
They're flatlining it.
Okay, let me give that point.
You know something?
I got this.
Oh, about the green glowing pigs.
Did you see that story?
No.
I got another really good pilot today, but I'm in the mood.
I'm going to take a thousand calls today.
Because I got this big three-day weekend coming up.
You know, it's like a holiday.
I just can't get over it.
I can't believe how many things have changed.
It's just such a short time.
Yes, the QAM.
Just really a breath of fresh air.
As stale as that expression is, it's a breath of fresh air.
1645 votes.
What do you hate most about your childhood?
Getting dragged to church, 270.
Just look at all those geckys over there.
Almost 400 people got killed.
400 Muslims were those, uh, uh, Shmatazan.
Because somebody dropped their luggage.
Oh, but it was a chain reaction.
And they are right.
They're all shripping to the hide.
So they can stone the, uh, the devil.
Yeah.
The devil's stone.
He's got to be doing all these evil things.
And I still say, well, how come God?
Let's, uh, the devil hang around to all these evil things.
Well, just for fun.
Yeah.
Imagine I'm boring.
It would be if we didn't have nasty stuff going on.
That's right.
Peace and tranquility and love and...
Hey, if the devil didn't do it, I would.
Getting dragged to church, 270.
That was a real pain in the grass.
My childhood was great.
232.
Is a good thing I put that on there for people with no complaints.
Not having money.
207.
School, 203.
I don't have no problem with school.
Getting bullied, and of course, in upstate New York, when it snows all winter long,
like every other day, it has all from school anyway.
So it's not the like.
Getting bullied 186.
I hate this pool 102.
We've been remissioned not putting that on every pool.
It's a place for some of you to go.
Getting dragged to visit relatives 96.
My parents 84, boy, they were, um,
parental challenged.
Getting picked last for sport 70.
Being abused 66.
Spankings 41.
Being treated like an infant 34.
Mom's cooking 20.
My neighborhood, the old-hood 19.
And going hungry, hungry only 15.
I've seen most of these people in the audience believe me.
Most of them don't look like they ever went hungry.
You know what I'm saying?
And you forgot to remember mine, Hank, about getting that glue cometer, like the blood sugar.
Me?
Yeah.
I've tried already.
He will listen to me.
Like, so he's going to listen to me.
No, but I just, at least you can give it a shot.
If you cared, if that would be a QIM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I didn't get a chance to call yesterday, but I remember people trying to describe.
The color of Sydney 48.
Right.
Purple.
Purple?
Purple.
No, I don't think so.
All of these.
I think he probably, whatever, whatever the shade is between black and purple, he's that dark red Erskine.
Huh?
Indigo.
He's good to go or indigo.
5, 6, 7.
So, Murf, Griffin's got a bunch of horses.
I didn't know that.
Well, they murp.
You're fairy.
I know this Hank was chortling when I said that because I mean everybody knows.
Come on, we're here.
Full antibody.
Vatier, a multi-billionaire.
Come out, come out wherever you are.
And quit suing people like Puerto Dente Tario, you know.
So sad.
All of these closet and people.
Most of them Republicans, by the way.
WQA and hello.
Good morning.
Sifre Roblo.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd love to take a bat to those two punks that beat up those homeless people.
Yeah, honey, like that.
I say, yeah, I'd like to pull the switch.
Let's crack a bull's bark again.
I'll race it.
I'll race it to the switch.
Yeah, look kind of scum.
What kind of slime goes around doing stuff like that?
Defenseless, poor homeless people.
All the way when you come right down with those homeless people,
our opinion and grants.
But nevertheless, seriously, what kind of garbage is there?
We've got too much human garbage, right?
Hipping like a hooligan.
We've got a whole array of the American population is right on the verge.
Any day now, we're going to hit the 300 million mark.
Forced sterilization.
Okay?
Zero population growth, ZPG.
All of these are radical ideas.
That's where it's at.
And you don't want to have to do it.
Oh, don't say those words.
Quality of life.
Oh, geez.
There's that secular humanist crap again.
Quality of life.
The right winners get psychotic when you say that.
Because just like the Pope, all they're interested in is quantity of life.
Like like rabbits, you know, like ants.
Like roaches in your anstray.
And poet or shurar a lot.
27 past 10 at 560 WDQM.
Happy New Year from the fine post at Armstrong Ford, a homestead.
2005 was a stoopendous year for them.
And thousands of new customers took advantage of the meal deal.
And bought their new Ford from Armstrong Ford.
Why do people shop there?
It's easy.
Armstrong Ford, Guaranteesia, Grade Price, Grade Service, after the sale.
And that personal touch, they'll actually touch you.
That comes from a local family-owned dealership.
Pick up the phone right now.
Call general manager David Richett, 305.
247-5112.
When you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Ford, a homestead, you also get,
as I've been telling you for a very long time now.
They're exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That's right.
When you buy a Armstrong Ford, they give you free tires and batteries for life,
you'll car.
That could save you a lot of money right there.
Thousands.
David Richett in the staff will guarantee you won't find a better price any place in town
because they're locally owned and operated.
You know the rest.
They'll treat you just like with velvet gloves.
They'll treat you like family, because they want to see you again in the game for life.
No maintenance, which.
No phone sales.
So start the year off right with a great new Ford and a fantastic unbeatable deal.
From our friend David Richett and a staff at Armstrong Ford, a homestead,
you'll find them at 307-25 South Fixie Highway, 20-Easy Minute South of the 836.
On the web at ArmstrongCars.com, but better yet, drive a few miles extra.
Get on that Hershey Highway and save thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
This is the new Rogers.
This is 516-2-A-S.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity musicography profile story.
They were one of the biggest alternative bands of the 80s and 90s,
despite the fact that their lead singer was dead the entire time.
They were the cure.
Oh yeah, I've been dead since 1991.
I was depressed at first, but I think I made it work for me.
The Cures Frontman, Robert Swin, was a ghoulish figure with pale white face and shocking inward scissor hands here.
Well, I mean, it's a bit of a drag.
We went through a lot of personal changes in the band, you know,
with my evidence of gradually sucked their brains out with a straw for nourishment.
Sure, I can see that.
Of course, this was the eighties.
So as they had more and more of their brains sucked out, the music got better.
Makes sense.
Basically, I didn't want a little thing like being dead to get in the way of me main goal.
Which was what?
Right in its songs and banging lots of crumpets.
That's necrophilia.
What for them? Yeah.
Not for me.
I was already dead.
I never looked at it that way.
Oh, sure. It ain't necrophilia if you're already dead.
I mean, it was. I'm guilty of what?
A live a failure.
You're pretty on top of it for a dead guy.
Listen mate, I am still the one, the only, the original walking corpse,
eat my smoke, Michael Jackson.
The cure.
Hey, we would never have had those hot slutty got-jacks without them.
It's a big juicy, sapping wet look at your business.
Tonight, on Inside the Box.
So speaking of movies, did you ever see Secret Window finally with Johnny Depp or not?
No.
Oh, there's another one. Maybe you ought to get.
Okay.
Good.
In fact, it reminds me a little bit of the shining only actually a good story.
All right.
I don't want to ruin it for you, but it's so.
Oh, okay.
There's so many, yeah.
I thought you were the movie expert to come to find out I'm seeing.
Well, actually, the reason being I keep channel surfing it, right?
And I keep finding all these interesting movies like that one.
I'm trying to appear.
It depends on what you're coming across.
And then a human staying last night was already 30 minutes in, but I saw it had three stars
and Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman.
I thought, well, it's probably going to be pretty good.
And I thought it was.
You wouldn't like the ending though, but nevertheless.
I thought of one the other day that you might like.
And I'll see you guys find it for you.
The straight story.
That's not what you think.
Gay.
No, no, it's not.
The straight story, what's it about?
It's about an old guy who rides a ride on lawnmower.
No, a straight guy, yeah.
Across the country to visit his dying brother.
Oh, that sounds really uplifting, man.
I'm sure you have a piece ready to watch a man.
Movies to blow your brains out, Bob.
No, no.
So the pressing of the orbit.
That's heartwarming.
Is it really?
It warms it right on.
I don't know.
Who's in it?
Some old guy and some other old guy.
Oh.
WCYM, hello.
George.
Yeah, no.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes?
I got to get Husky if you want to celebrate it.
What?
Yeah, I was going to tell George.
God, I might be able to use it.
Do you practice for this or what?
George.
Yeah, George, my ass.
I thought these calls are great.
Do you wonder why soft food is in the shape that they don't wonder?
No, I don't.
They're called a micro-casm of what soft food is all about.
And it's been for years now for like...
God third, man.
Even going back to days when I was talking to people over in the fuzla.
That's soft food for you, man.
The early birds that were going to steal the sweet and the low in the silverware.
I never forget that one guy.
He was serious, too.
It was an INZ show.
This old fart calls out of screaming about the old cocker steeling the putting...
...puppernix out of business and all the other restaurants and all the stuff they steal.
And I mentioned about...
There was a story that he had stolen the silverware.
They were stealing the knives and putting them in their bags.
And he calls me off and says, well, why not?
In other words, I guess he assumed that the price of the early bird dinner also included the plates,
the silverware, anything that wasn't tied down.
Well, they're going to be dying since he was in the tunnel just sticking his sack,
which you probably had one in his bag.
W.A.M. Hello.
Cotton Dave.
Or, Cotton Dave.
Yeah, he's on the floor.
Cotton Dave.
That's the open guy.
Maybe it.
Another idiot.
W.A.M. Hello.
Onyx is the color you're looking for.
Onyx, that's it.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks, Reverend Dishmuck.
Now, actually, maybe that's where that movie, The Color Purple,
a little spikin' of Oprah, or that came from, because I don't know what that's all about.
The color purple.
Yeah, what about it?
Because I have to do with Wuffy Goldberg.
Well, I think she's in it.
I don't know, because I can't look at her.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, good morning, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, man.
I was wondering if I could have those arrowsmith tickets.
No.
That's our Monday, Schmuck.
Let me say it again.
It's our Monday.
We're not going to be doing it on the air.
Everyone listens to you call the Appropriate Line.
Thank goodness.
The Color, the Band-On, Pat, and maybe if they're in a good mood, they'll give me a quick debugging me for freebies.
You jackass, you idiot.
You fairy.
God.
All you got to do is mention it's been that that's the main reason we stopped giving stuff away, because it just totally destroys the show.
And you got a bunch of free loaders who contribute nothing in the rest of the time.
And then they just, all of a sudden they're all there all sweeteners.
Oh, please, I have to take it now.
No, you can't.
Come in to QIM. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Erosmith's free ticket line.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, George.
That movie, The Straight Story, it really is very good.
I hear some weird thing about it.
George, you know who directed that?
No.
David Lynch.
It's not playable.
I mean, it's such a normal...
Yeah, out of his ordinary genre, yeah.
Yeah.
What about the human stain?
What was that?
Did you see the human stain?
No, I didn't.
But it sounds like something I'd like to watch.
It's been already interesting.
I think you'd like it.
I've been avoiding it like George for no good reason.
But I'll watch it now.
Because it's got some dark post-initivism.
It's an ideal racial with me.
No, I just...
I didn't know what it was about.
But also the guy in The Straight Story is Robert Farnsworth, is the actor.
Okay.
He would play that guy.
One of the baseball coaches would vote for Gremley in that baseball blue.
You know, the record plays the guy.
Oh, God.
Oh, please.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
Thanks a lot.
That did it for me.
The baseball movie was Robert Redford.
Or the field of dreams.
Or one of those syrupy, a sappy.
I'll be honest with you.
I'm not a Robert Redford fan.
Never had been.
Now, all the presidents' men was a good movie only.
Not because he was in it.
Only because it was about Woodward and Bernstein.
And of course, we found out that Bob Woodward's a real dollar
who was very pathetic and cases George Bush's ass.
But other than that, it was the natural, by the way.
Well, the natural, well, the same thing field of dreams.
Oh, it's a mold cram.
But thanks very much for correcting me on it.
No, we got to get it right.
I mean, is that important?
And we get this stuff right?
Terrible, important.
Not really.
We don't really care.
It's one of those days.
It's Friday the 13th baby.
It's com-sea com-sa, whatever goes.
I got so many good stories here including the green glowing pigs.
And homeless advocates call Sarasota the meanest city in the USA.
You know, it's funny.
I worked in Sarasota WSPV, which is no longer that anymore.
1973.
About 30 years ago.
About 30, man.
22 to be exact.
And back then, I remember it was being called the City of Hate.
Because back during the racially segregated days, I mean,
it were really, in fact, it was that dog track.
I think the one in Braydenton, it wasn't in Sarasota.
Did they have one too?
Why would I help it was?
And they had like segregated bathrooms and water fountains.
And not that they were alone, but it was just a very hateful city.
So I guess it kind of, you know, a logical progression eventually
go from Sarasota to South Florida.
Wouldn't you think?
I would think.
The City of Hate.
Bear.
Or like that.
How do you measure hate?
I guess you listen to the show with a hateometer.
You listen to the show and you hear a lot of it.
How many QYM?
Hello.
QYM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
Oh, man, I'm spoke to you in years.
Yeah, it sounds like the vegetable from both sides.
Okay.
Or maybe the salad guy.
Oh, man, you're a breath of fresh air.
Don't tell me this is my younger.
No, no, it's Chris from Hylia.
Oh, Chris from Hylia?
Who the hell?
Yeah.
Hey, can you teach me how to doy-doy-doy?
Yeah.
We have doing lessons starting Monday at 10 a.m.
Okay, be tuning in for that.
I'm sure it's just going to give a doy-doy-doy-doy-doy-doy.
Sign up right outside the doy.
Now, okay, thanks.
That was Chris and Hylia, by the way, just to catch him and beat the crap out of him.
With a bat.
Hey, he was good.
Twenty-before-eleven at 560 WQM, who says that Friday the 13th has to be unlucky.
Not when you go to Pompo-no Park racing and poker.
Come out and get lucky today Friday the 13th at Pompo-no Park.
There'll be free prize drawings just to show you how lucky you might be.
And you can win a trip for two to the Ola Comprete, our Lou Kair Resort,
or maybe a 20-inch flat screen TV with a building DVD and VHS player.
Or maybe a vetting voucher with dinner certificate.
You must be 21 years of age or older than her.
And if that's not lucky enough, the first 500 patrons will get a free lucky
rabbit's foot keychain.
That's two-day Friday the 13th at Pompo-no Park, where they always feature free admission,
free general parking every day of your life.
Live harness racing in the poker room are open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker gets set away at noon and live racing gets set away nightly, including two-night at 7.25 at the PM.
And don't forget to be Monday night at Pompo-no Park.
There's a two-for-25-dollar dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
And every Wednesday night is dollar-night for draft beer, so the hot dogs and lots more just to buck.
Poppano Park is also open every day, seven days a night, a week for saddle casting,
with the best and hardest-throw-bred highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on.
And don't forget, of course, coming soon, slots.
Look for a friendly machine mine.
Poppano Park, a block south of Atlanta, Volvarn and Powerline Road for the new racing schedule.
954-972-2000, around the wicked web at pompanopark.com.
Don't forget that Poker Room opens at noon today, live racing 7.25-2 night at Pompo-no Park.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69.8.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come. Any better than Neil Rogers.
Who's back? Larry.
Oh, can I hear him now, Larry?
I'm here.
Oh, there you go. I can almost hear you now.
I'm going to move around the plane.
Yeah, well don't move too much.
I don't understand how astronaut could turn from the moon.
And I can't go out from the plane.
Yeah, sounds like the plane landed.
Anyway, when I was still looking out over the rocky.
You're still in the air?
I'm in the air.
How about the plane?
Good question, Sarah.
Now you didn't really say...
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life with on W.O.D.
You didn't really say that, did you?
I do. I can't believe that station except for you, Neil.
I know what I do. He loves me. I know it.
I love Neil Rogers.
Wait, I'll do it a problem with the station.
This is the moon in Miami.
First, elevator general manager is...
Bob Green, if Bob, he also said Bob is still wiping the tears from his eyes from the last conversation.
We said we got Larry King on the phone. He's in the other room right now weeping like a woman.
Seriously, he is.
I'm going to his mom with us.
Are you?
In about four or five years, he's not old enough yet.
When he makes the day, I'm like, how about going to his brisk? That would be even better.
With the guy on the air, he knows that there are a thousand voices, right?
Yeah, I feel Henry.
He doesn't. He's ashamed of his own.
Huh?
He's ashamed of his own.
Yeah, he's ashamed of his own voice, I'm sure.
He's just those voices.
Right.
You know how you adapt to 20 years?
How do I feel?
How do you feel?
I feel like Methusel on a bad day. That's how I feel.
I feel like I just sat down with you, Cola, Cassantine and WKAT, and started my first day.
And I went to the first actional bank on Alton Road, and she said,
do you feel rich now, Neil, for 215 bucks a week? That's how I feel.
Incredible.
What was your first break?
Listen to this, Larry.
I went to work at Knocked Endors and had a job at a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida.
I did everything.
I was an idea. I'm an idea. I'm an idea. I did the board. I did Jock. I did sports.
I did news. I did everything. Cleaned up, cleaned up, cleaned up. I did everything.
Is that true?
Yeah. When you play those tapes, you always be stoutier, stickin'. You have it repeated.
Yeah. Why do you do that over and over?
For emphasis.
We want to make sure they...
Why do you do something new?
Our audience is a little bit slow. We want to make sure they catch it the 40 or 50th time.
15 years, bro.
Exactly.
Try top 10 with.
Okay. Top 10. That's good.
Stop ripping off David Letterman. That would be good. That's a reason.
Listen, there's a guy here that wants to talk to you. You're going to pee in your pants right there under play when you hear this voice.
How are you, Larry?
Larry.
It's a gun.
I said, Larry, how are you?
Who is that?
How's Sue they forget?
Who is that?
Your hockey friend.
You?
Grandma.
Right.
It's the great grandma.
Grandma, what are you doing at a studio?
I came to see my good friend, Neil Rogers.
Where did he like?
And not all I have much in, Larry. Don't get carried away.
I knew he liked someone. He liked Joe Irma.
Hey. Can't beat it. Join it.
We've broken the last man in the title, Larry.
I know. I thought you'd be here last night.
How is it? How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
How is it?
A plan start?
A plan start?
A plan start?
A plan start?
Yes, I will tell you the truth.
Yes, you just want a
tell you have a наan 말을 about?
Naan really?
She walks with the other-
first. In fact, you have A.L.I. on the tickets for Erosman. Would that be something of A.L.I.
showed up on one of the local concerts? I don't think it'd be Erosman. It would just be mobbed.
Well, why not? Maybe Celia Cruz.
Or Los Vedvedes. Celia Cruz, man. She's coming back.
Her in Carmen Miranda. W.D.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hi, good morning, Neil.
Yes.
I was in and out of the house yesterday and I thought I caught a listen to someone say something about a
memorial service for Skipper Chat. Yes.
What's the thing? Or was I doing this?
There is Monday at 230. Well, we got a bad echo on his phone. Monday at 230 at the
Gardens Memorial Park, 4103 North Military Trail in Boka.
Hold on, Mike.
Want to put me over with George Targian? Get that address and we'll get better.
No, I'll give it to you again. 4103 North Military Trail in Boka.
It's a Gardens Memorial Park. It's Monday at 230.
Gardens Memorial.
Right. And it's like, I had a hand when you're there, okay?
56070560, I mean, I think I gave it to her nice and slow about 50 times and I think at that
point, you know what I'm saying?
What she didn't want to get it from you, but you don't have it in high school.
I don't want to give it to her.
I'm faster than anyway. I don't blame you.
Come in to QYM. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, the love's fun.
It's put in a good word for you. I'm serious yesterday.
Take the job. Take the job, man, because you showed here,
ain't like it used to be.
Yeah.
Take the job.
And once we lost the farthest out, yeah.
Okay, take the job. I already got a job. Okay.
And you need a job. You need a little bottom.
You really got a sale on this week.
He should apply. Yeah.
Probably love sponge my ass.
You know, it's really interesting, but these people on this satellite radio,
all of them, including the very, very, very, uh, over-provoked ones,
they're like fading into oblivion because they have marginalized themselves in the industry.
And so while everybody in anybody knows about terrestrial,
AM and FM and PM and VM, all of the other stuff is just a farting in the windstorm, you know?
Sightly like I would.
You could already totally once you hear those words the first of few times,
it becomes real old and do I dare say it?
Fail.
Oh, no, fail.
No, no. No, no, no.
Expand. Nothing worse than being a stale.
Oh, all the reports of a possible gunman at Millie Middle School.
Where's this?
I just missed, we're just, by a half a second.
A gunman in school in Seminole County, Florida.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Middle school is locked down in Seminole County and Florida.
I'm going to plot your job with a gun.
This is Neal Roger.
Oh, my God, my God.
This is 5.6.9.
AM.
This is the Neoroncher shell
Any questions with that with Jennifer Aniston
She's already had 30 cosmetic procedures here including breast implants lips to brow lift cheek and lip implants
Three nose jobs a liposuction and it's contemplating more surgery
I think you need more absolutely
Corpus Christi Texas hello
Jennifer. Yes, is your new movie any good? No, no, not really so people shouldn't bother paying to see it
Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. Hello. Hello. Hi, my question for Jennifer is did you sleep with a lot of your co-star?
I did but not I mean not a lot a lot with Vince Vaughan
Yeah, yeah, and it was great. That's important. Oh, yeah Jennifer Aniston the film is
And anyway, the reason we're lorry intensive they were slicing him an ass on MSNBC last night
Were they because like he's bringing these authors on and he never reads the book
So I think that any idea what he's talking about so he had a game spray the Oprah phony on and
He was asking all the wrong questions because he didn't read any of the book. I heard it was a great book
Yeah, if you like fiction
You know this Oprah she deserves to have egg on her purse. I'll tell you that right now. She just makes me gang. I bet she likes egg on her purse
Anyway, how's that pull coming?
What did you hate most about your childhood? I'm just I'm just ignoring you all together
Just over the top under the bottom over the top and
I see my grandma's house. See what did you hate most about your childhood getting dragged a church to say a 70s
We got 1696 votes our goal is 1700
We're gonna change the pull around noon. I think to the weekend pole
My childhood was great 249 well. I salute you. We're very happy for you. What happened in the meantime?
School 211 not having money to 10 getting bullied 190 all
Invoys out there kill him. I
Hate to die every once in a while. I talk him out of you know. I've said was a good thing for me. I got to eat then oh
My parents 84 getting picked last year sports 74 being a view of 67 spankings 42 being treated like an infant 34
Mom's cooking 20 fat. They're saying not my mom. She said it's about all she could do my neighborhood
Plenty the old hood and going hungry only 15
Yeah, like I said this crowd never was gonna go hungry at any age believe me. I've seen him
WQ a n hello
WQ a n hey
Childhood thing it was getting locked in the bathroom, but that's no one I'm calling about. I was watching the Alito hearing okay
Now there's nothing really offensive of this guy if you're watching, but if you study his past rulings you discover something
Yeah, when it comes yeah when it comes to a
Rowing either on the side of the little guy or the powerful or the corporate
Yeah, what's your rules on the side of that okay. Thank you
And the president like and enjoyed to play a hell of a lot. He said it was a real hoot
I'm gonna go to my pile okay. Give it a shot and
We have people just restating the obvious and telling us things that everybody even little kids know and you know
But if we put a boop bit about and all of those wife cry
Oh
Dog tops in the rant voice could seize absolute control of US government. Oh my god president George W. Bush's side executive orders giving him
Soul authority to impose martial law suspend habeas corpus and ignore the posse comatata sack that prohibits deployment of US troops on American streets
This would give him absolute dictatorial power over the government with no checks and balances
Absolutely voice discussed imposing martial law in American streets in the aftermath of 9-11
Activating national security initiatives put in place by Ronald Reagan during the 80s
Well one good not to deserve another. That's what they always say these national security initiatives had to be two by controversial
Marine colonel Ali North
Later one of the key players in the rank conference scandal charged FEMA with administering executive orders that allowed suspension of the
Constituent by the way nice job at norleans family really doing that maybe some of that money will get there eventually
Charged theme with administering executive orders that allowed suspension of the Constitution
Implementation of martial law internment camps and turning the government over to the present in the agency internment camps for like illegal aliens like George
John's writer hop demy director of FEMA developed the martial implementation plan following a template originally developed by former FEMA director
Lewis Gaffreda to battle a national uprising of black militants
If Giffy or Frida is that that's how you say Giffy or Frida's implementation of martial law called for jailing at least 21 million African Americans in
Relocation camps lovely Brinker off later admitted an interview with the Miami hero the president Reagan signed off on the initiative and they remained in place in
Dormit until George W. Bush took orifice
Brinker off later moved on the answer institute for Homeland Security and following the 9-11 terrorist attacks provided the Bush White House and the Pentagon with talking points
Supporting national security initiatives that would allow imposition of martial law and suspension of the posse
Comatata stack of 78 the law that's supposed to forbid you some troops for domestic law enforcement
Brinker off argued that intentions of positive posse comatatus are misunderstood and this applied and that the US has in times of national emergency
The full and absolute authority to send troops into American streets to enforce order and maintain the peace
Bush used parts of the plan to send troops into the streets of norleans following Hurricane Katrina in addition
The FEMA hired former special forces personnel from the mercenary firm blackwater USA to enforce security
Blackwater USA and its promotional materials describes itself as the most comprehensive professional military law enforcement security peacekeeping and stability operations company in the world
Adding that we've established a global presence and provide training and operational solutions for the 21st century in support of security and peace and
Freedom and democracy everywhere
Blackwater is also a major US contractor in Iraq and as a contract with the Bush White House to provide additional security work on an on as need bases needed
I like that. Okay. The Department of Homeland Security is established the Northern Command for National Defense of White Ranging Program that includes FEMA
The Pentagon the FBI III and the National Security Agency a second of orders already signed by Bush allow the Northern Command to send troops into American streets
Seas control of radio and television stations
Uh-oh and networks and it post martial law in times of national emergency
Like if Laura's got a hang now
The authority to declare what is or not a national emergency rest entirely with Bush who doesn't have to either consult or see if you prove
A of Congress for permission to assume absolute control over the government of the USA
The White House press office would need a conformer deny existence of Bush's executive orders or the existence of the Northern Command for National Defense neither with the Department of Homeland Security
But my sources within the White House and the HS tell me the plans are in place ready for implementation when the command comes from the man who keeps telling the American public
That he's a wartime president who will do anything in my power
He says to impose his will on the people of the USA and he's made sure that power will be absolute when he chooses to use it
That's your buddy Doug Thompson. That's capital hill blue calm. I love that guy
He's good
Here's a long facts that just came over to machine good machine by the way from Steve
We're like a little smirking fast at the end of it. I just looked at
Said I did
Says I'm outraged and need to vent or here we go at a book of Daniel thing again
I got a white man. I watched that news show on NBC called the book of Daniel S. Frey
Night. It's a soap opera comedy series about a priest who's got a dysfunctional family and Jesus magically appears during a show to give him advice
I like South Park for me
The local NBC affiliate here in Nashville here the first show as Friday was hilarious now after pressure from the Christian community
WSMV Channel 4 has decided to pull the show as if tonight they're pulling it
I just called the station and ripped out a new hole
I told them that it's a sad day in this country when a few emails and phone calls can determine your programming
There must have been 50,000 viewers in a marketer watch the show and couldn't imagine a more than a few hundred even a couple thousand people
Complaining to me the viewing percentages don't add up
Also, I said it was very irresponsible of the management of WSMV to where the first show in a series not have been proactive enough to
Preview the show knowing their market might not have air did it all the station wanted air the show in the middle of the night
But NBC wouldn't let him do it in like about 2 30 and more when everybody's shroffing
My next step is to vent to NBC in New York and direct TV because I can't receive CNBC to watch this show on another channel
Another thing is every other station Tennessee the so-called Bible belt is airing the show and allowing their audience to make the choice or watch or change the channel
Like the American F and Way ought to be
Thanks for your time Neil God. I love your show on the Sun the Internet every day out of your
Yeah, he asked one of the funniest things on the book of Daniel with Jesus appeared in the priest's car and he was wearing a seatbelt
I guess he just wants to be safe. Well, you can ever be too careful. Yeah, it's right with traffic these days
That's right Jesus very scared that crowd of crazy drivers
You know who we're scared of because we're afraid he got loose again
The whisper
That's why that's Josh's favorite line because it's always amusing and
Panic are we all real laugh right? Yeah, that's it. Yeah, I must be it
See then there's a way to deal with up catch him off guard. He'd know what they'll hit him
Scientists in Taiwan say they've read three pigs that glow in the dark
three little pigs
This isn't something would it be great when the day is coming man? Can you imagine what's gonna be like in about 200 years?
Well, of course that's first of all Florida be all underwater
Right anyway, these scientists claim that while other researchers have read partly fluorescent pigs
There's are the only pigs in the world which are green through and through the pigs are transgenic
Created by adding genetic material from jellyfish into a normal pig embryo
Oh, I must use those on julieberman and also Sam liberman. You know how wimpy he is
He talks just like a Lieberman. He's a wimpy Nazi
The researchers hope that pigs will boost the island's stem cell research as well as helping with a state of human disease
The researchers from national Taiwan University's Department of Animal Science technology say that although the pigs glow
There are otherwise no different from any others. Oh, I can't wait to get my first green or glowing bratwurst
Get up green eggs at him a see through a job and green eggs and ham I am
Taiwan is not telling the world first others have read partially partially for recent pigs before
But the researchers insist the three pigs they produced are better our pigs are better than your pigs
They're the only ones that are green from the inside out
Even their heart and internal organs are green. They say oh perfect for say patty's day
I let it unless you're a Jewish of course because then it will be trache
To create them the in a from jellyfish was added to about two hundred and sixty five pig embryos
Which were implanted in eight different pigs for the pigs became pregnant and three male piglets were born three months ago
And they like to research your say the pigs eyes teeth and trotters look green
What is a trotter their teeth in is that like a pacer?
Their trotters look green their skin has a greenish tinge in the dark shine a blue light on them and they glow torch light bright
The scientists will use the transgender paste to study human disease because the patient in a material is green
It's easy to spot
So if for instance some of its stem cells are injected in another animal scientists can track how they develop without the need for a biopsy or invasive test
But creating them hasn't been easy many of the altered embryos failed to develop the researchers say they hope the new green pigs will meet with ordinary female
Please to create a new generation maybe they'll be like chartreuse
Much greater numbers of transgenic pigs for use in research would that be great?
That's especially or like Volenco say how about a chartreuse moose?
Sounds good to me on the loose
So if Alice better is on there and at old the daiki a bag egg Lune Samuels, they you know, it's no wonder
Speaking of bubble a bargan at any price what's that?
Lin that programming the the lineup. No, yeah, Martha Stewart. I mean what working you want?
Yeah, I see a pretty 13 bucks a month just never to hear her name again or James Fry
Yeah, we'll get to that eventually a good ol' Jim Fry and Oprah's book if Oprah recommends it
It must be true and of course he called into it in the show on Larry show a couple nights ago to make sure that everybody
And I don't I mean she's already got a billion dollars. You think she's getting like a break off on this craft
Are you kidding me? Yeah, yeah, who are you kidding honey? Okay, she's marrying it girl Oprah and by the way
I'm gonna have an extra burger for what's just a pisser off
This is new Roger
This is five sixteen
People at all
Can't really be
Did Brad put the baby
Exactly well, we don't know when I can't wait to hear until the news
He's actually
We're gonna go out and buy everything
Crimes and things and things
It's actually
Oh my god
It's been a great
What did you do?
I'm out of fashion red, but I'm happy teen. I kind of like that. Let's play that a hundred times
So the owner's reading there must be a package downstairs. I go check out the package
You might you could put that nose picker bit on can't get tired of that yet
She takes a thing up that's the one and dig the D
And do a nostril for something green
Oh, she's a no thicker she's digging down
Don't flick it at me
Her thing is long now I said she's a no
Yeah, we'll just just keep playing we'll alternate back and forth
I say anyways 19 past 11 at 5.60 WQM. Let's take a look at that Friday the 13th lineup man
You're lucky on Friday the 13th because you got the mole myster mole
Howard David it did the the panatic one between two and four the bombastic one
Mad dog at hooters and the pines four to seven Curtis Stevens in a seven o'clock tonight for three solid hours and
Then Lenny Mark's has a ten we have none to do with that. Oh did remember bringing the food yet. Oh, yeah, I got it right here
Didn't he I'm sure he's gonna feed you guys bring a nice lunch because I'm sure he's in town with a clumb of straight jackets and like my claim
Wouldn't surprise me at all
So maybe I'll bring you guys the lunch that he's been owning for all these years
Especially after all those 80s and meals that I bought him and his got some it would be nice
But don't don't hold your breath. I love yeah, but they're doing so great there in Columbus
You know they actually want a couple of games
Homeless advocates cost service over the meanest city in America. Oh, it is they are mean lean and mean and
Seryley Queen
An ordinance prohibiting up to a sleeping overnight without permission on public or private property is earned the city
The top spot on an actual life because the organization's list of mean cities toward the homeless
A judge recently upheld the ordinance passed in August by city commissioners after two similar no
No camping rules are declared unconstitutional unconstitutional like I just said
They could have been taken off the mean list that they would have just done away with that ordinance said Michael Stoops
Acting directly Washington based national coalition for the homeless. I wonder if they know Sean canony
I prefer a nice chocolate canola myself as opposed to canony, but I wonder if they know that clown
Don't be given no money to those homeless voice people. Okay, unless you're an idiot. I see them doing that
Given the money that is I don't want to like talk like why are you giving those people money?
They're standing in the middle of the street. They're interfering with your life. They were it's a cult
Okay, we want to make sure everybody knows that it's a cult and Sean canony's got that big
Expensive house while these people are like you know after slept in a room for him
The advocacy organization on Wednesday
That's the national coalition for the homeless released its annual report on homelessness in cities nationwide
Well, they ought to come here, man. They could have a field in this city
Sarasota tops as list of the nation's 20 worst cities for treating the homeless in 2005 after ranking in number 11 year before
So they zoomed at the top of the list
Lawrence Kansas, which I never heard of in my life as rank number two little rock Arkansas is number three and then it was Atlanta and then Vegas
Well, I'll tell you why I probably Vegas
What they don't want no vagrants sitting around you know, right?
Not on the strip or anywhere where the actress can see it because they can offer you can't refuse
It's just like anybody that pulls any hanky-panky and Vegas won't see them no more. They they won't tolerate it
Sarasota officials argue that the no-logging ordinance helps keep the cities homeless out of unsafe and unhealthy camps
This is the best thing we can do for them. They are Mary Ann's survey and said a
Person can be found in violation if numerous items are personal belongings are present the person is engaged well
I say I got my shoes my watch my pantaloonies my underwear my shirt. That's the personal belongings right
The person engaged in cooking activities like maybe on the sternow, you know
The person is builder is maintaining a fire the person is engaged in digging or worth breaking activity
So I guess I can't dig for those coins again like I didn't want to go ahead don't dig with a tree in the images
Just do it right there on the grass or the print well and I'm still and they have those outdoor look trains, man
You just step right up and or the person is asleep and went away in states that he or she has no other place to live the ordinance states
45 people were recidized here for violating the ordinance
Which gives police the option of transporting violators to waste shelter instead of jail
The National Coalition with Homeless Compile the list with a National Law Center on Homelessness and property at
Landed Dallas, Las Vegas and Houston among the cities in the top 10 mean cities in
2005
Stoop said it puts pressure on cities to rethink their criminalization strategies
No cities who want to be labeled a mean city. Oh, you're so mean. So they have a nice student shot at middle school and Florida
Oh, well, here's the shot student to juror not to be confused with the lost minor
Do you who felt that we have whatever half a let that guy that fell in the hole yesterday?
Never heard about it. I guess he may be us to maybe it was okay or still falling
According to before homelessness is merged by increased demands for emergency shelter went up nationally
That's the way to three and a half million Americans experience homelessness
So so how's your blessings on you people to place to go to okay three and a half million people are out there in the streets
Living on a street corner freezing their ass off. So I didn't know that I'm not a coalition for the homeless. Yeah, do they have an address?
Why you're gonna sign up. Yeah, yeah
Pam Anderson wants Colonel Sanders bust out of the Kentucky state cap. I want to do his bust
Not to bust out little league for that. He wants his bust out of the Frankfurt. I got a comment for
Yeah, I'm sure don't say it. All right. Probably you
For Frankford Kentucky first came cost to remove the statue of Confederate prefer
First of all, she's Canadian which he's doing interfering in American politics anyway
She's a Canadian bitch who's back up north of the border Pam and stay out of here Pam
Okay, we got enough service already. We got to Steven Harper. Oh God. What are the what are these people thinking about?
Like you know something it'll teach him a lesson
Just like Bush taught a lot of people a lesson a lot of Mark dead now by the way an
Animal rights group is calling for the bust of Colonel Hartland Harland Sanders found a w of KFC to be hauled out and
Television star Pam Anderson is leading the charge
The bust must yet net her expertise the area. Yeah, bust several of them
The bust of Colonel Sanders stances a monument to cruelty and has no place in can
Kentucky state capillames and said in a statement issued for
Georgia's very favorite organization
That's the one let jobs an animal rights group based in Norfolk, Virginia
They suggested didn't ruffle feathers and governor Ernie Flex's office
We certainly appreciate everyone's right to an opinion spoke some and Judy Whittaker said
Colonel Sanders was one of Kentucky's most distinguished citizens a great entrepreneur and a fine charitable man of faith
And he's sure and they always have to put in that manner of faith like that somehow makes him better
I'll see you then and he certainly has a place in Kentucky history
We really want to appropriate recognition as such so don't mess with our bust
Pam you bitch you slut you ferry Anderson has been involved in a public relations campaign to raise awareness of what she calls
abuse of chickens in
Processing plants that supply portion of the Louisville based chicken chain
In the letter to flutcher Anderson detailed alleged abuses of chickens by KFC suppliers among her claims
She said workers in a slaughterhouse in West Virginia have been filmed tearing the heads off live birds
Spitting tobacco in their eyes
spray painting their face and sliding them on the ground
Spitting tobacco in their eyes. Well, maybe they just want to give them a little bit to share the juice
We felt that bust of Colonel Sanders is inappropriate in the state camp because of Portrae's a man who founded a company that treats chickens
In a way that would be illegal if dogs and cats with victims said Matt Prescott a spoke well
You know first of all, maybe it's a good idea
Because kids should be taught that chickens are not appropriate pets
That's a good idea
about that girl a dog from catching your chicken
Kiss the chicken pull it off. If you kiss your dog you kiss your keycat
That's one thing, but don't kiss your chicken
KFC spokeswoman Lori shallow said this is just another misguided publicity stunt by Peter and they were tempted to create a vegan society
Oh vegan my ass
Don't take away my burgers my steak and my brats. Okay. Don't be messing with that stuff. I'll tear your kiske's out
Although kiskka turns out is vegetarian
So then it have like beef fat. It has like well, I don't know and has beef gravy on
I know that's not worth the thing about the gravy. It's dry
Real dry, but the recipe we got had and it also was cooked in the anime and
In testin that's what they call it kiske
Kiske's are intestines right to the vegan well, but then no and it's not
But the filling is though the innards
The good stuff
In fact, that would be surprised if rumor brings you guys a whole a whole big bunch of kiske and potato
Viscuit for lunch or today or Friday the 13 he'll be in there not
Cheap skate. Yeah, he'll be ripping out. I yeah, I right. Oh, and by the way, Judge McDonald was just terrible last night
filling in for Dave Strader. Thank you. Appreciate. Well, what a good job Dave does. Oh, he was just awful
They've got like a two on one break during the vergis going to go to racing down the action
He's like better be better but he can't he's the only one that's going on man
Judges when you reach a hundred years old. It's time to hang him up and keep him hung up
Oh, the head I bring a back up because Dave Strader is doing the NBC game tomorrow. He's gonna be with the Olympics
They area
Judge McDonald. Wow, and Denise Poffen. That's a match made in purgatory
And by the way Denise. I got two words for you. Shut up
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QA
Charge the judge repeated all of the facts of Italy prosecution charging documents and him saying over and over again
Yes, your honor. Yes, your honor. Yes, your honor
Who's giving lots of gifts before? He's gonna be the best
They're gonna walk him through that prison door
Oh
And then we'll preview the new crap. I'm sure that's what it is H.C.N. Oh sure
We'll preview it on the air and then if they've got to dump something out Josh can have his thumb right on it
I'll keep you thumb on that square yellow
Well, not right now, but I momentarily for a tangular. I think if I don't get back in time too bad fact
Maybe it's such a nice day again. It's like 46 or something like that
Yeah, this wander outside go to the convenience store pick up a few things over there
We got filler music cute up case you don't get back in time. What do you mean music? What is that?
What is that
Oh, that's the best I can do. I've read master flat-neural scrub
Little retard me to be sir man actually in bread country music for in bread geeks like what's his name Randy Travis?
He is strange real strange and all of them look real strimes they had some of country music
Informer Shalon earlier and
Reminded me they're all real strange. That's what that's where a thousand years of inbredin will do for you
Speak of inbredin New Jersey selects new slogan. Well, that's a place I sure wouldn't want to be
Now that they closed down garden state
I remember I told you I used to like cherry hound of Jersey because I would stay in that hotel there and then go across street to a garden state
Plunge my guts out. That was a nice track not no moldo
Hoping to draw more tourists in the Jersey vacation spots. Oh, yeah, where you going on vacation?
Uh, Trenton
New work I'm going to Newark and get me some real good aromas that'll put me in a coma
Hoping to draw more tourists to Jersey's vacation spots officials on Thursday
I'm bail the new slogan names to change outsiders views of a state often associated with traffic choke tieways
Oil refineries and odors that cost Robert to roll out their windows on the way through their new slogan is new Jersey
Come see for yourself
When it comes to image new Jersey we need carriers governor Richard Cody said our catchphrase should hint at our true beauty
Guess what the second it beat out another one another slogan
New Jersey you got a problem with that?
Yeah, that's like Jersey with an attitude right got a problem with that you talking to me
The slogan was the top choice among over 11,000 telephone online votes cast by resins for five final entries
In a statewide contest in the end voters decided it was better not to tell people that expect the unexpected or
Love love at first sight or enjoy the real deal or discover the best kept secret
And if I were in my keep it a secret
Even including Atlantic City don't be tell me oh well. What about land? Yeah, what about it? What about it?
Atlantic City you go there. You have a wonderful time. Oh, oh, boy
Fair
As you unveiled the new tagline Cody highlighted some of the states attraction including the gambling spotted Atlantic City
I think I just said fat
Historic Kate May at the southern tip of the state. Well, I don't even know what that is. Do you?
Kate May you're asking me? I've been to Newark
Well, that's enough
Ever been to Anglewood or tenifly that's it Newark
And the metal land sports venues what are you going? Anglewood New Jersey
The metal lands official said tourism generated 32 billion dollars last year. Who needs vacation anywhere else Cody said
Oh, yeah
Let me I'm gonna recheck my schedule now. I got my all my 80 weeks vacation club this year. I better spend at least half of them in Jersey
The slogan was the result of Cody's appeal in October for ideas after he rejected a proposal for May marketing company
For which the state paid 260 grand that slogan new jersey will win you over
Reminded Cody too much of what when he was single and asked to get
My and ask girls out on dates
Cody's office got about eight thousand ideas including such edgy suggestions as new jersey
You got a problem with that and New Jersey most of our elected officials have not been invited. Oh, that's great
Quite a few have but most not
So there you go. So the new deal. Let's see Cody said the Jeffrey Antman's employment in New Jersey
Transit wouldn't stop him from receiving a two-night stay at a golf and spa resort and two tickets to a professional basketball or a hockey game
You can go to a devil's game. Somebody's got to man two more people there would like really a stick out
So that's the ideal
What is again new jersey comes here for yourself
And our responses L pass oh
Not for me miss from here. I'm actually even Josh ain't never been in to Jersey
Yeah, I have a jersey like in the airport
Um, yeah, and what where else?
Where in New Jersey other than yeah, Sparta
What what
Sparta New Jersey and the stars in like North Carolina right?
But my house is there and what is it the little town man? Well, what's that? What are you doing there? I have family there. Oh, geez
That answers a lot of my question. That's the key. Nobody Q. I. M. Hello
Not quite familiar with the popular
WQ I. M. Hello
We take it
I got something for it. Well, we got unlimited supply those today all day
Just line up and we'll take you a new paper for the human race
5 6 7 0 5 60
Honestly, it's gonna be mixing match today. You know, I'll stick some of these in there as the mood strikes me
Mixing match. Okay. I don't want to get like two paying potential. All the new pull. I'll stick up there at noon
Maybe they're giving a little something to sink their teeth into
More howard at two mad dog from hooters in the pines at four Curtis Stevenson at seven probably a distant relative to Adelaide would seem to me
And Lenny Marta is just in relation to the Mongolian idiots at the 10 o'clock tonight. He is something to them. We can't say it on the air
Dominic you I. M. Hello
Hello
Dominic you I. M. Hello. Can I be on the radio?
No, the answer is no as a matter of fact
What did you say before to show this morning? Nothing is forever. Don't cut your chickens. Oh, yeah, that's a beautiful lady. I found something like that
W. Q. I. M. Hello
Hey, let me send a radio down. Yeah, turn it down. I'm gonna kill it cook off
I'm a key. I have a net that you like cook off. You going?
W. Q. I. M. Hello
Hello, man. Yeah
Um, I just wanted to tell you about a book actually that I came across. Yeah, that maybe of quite of of interest to you actually
It's called the acting first and then we ever heard of it. No, it was written by Bob Sheeper
Oh, I'm about regga in a coma
You know, no, no, no, no, no. It's an excellent. I'm home going through some of my own book. Yeah, and I found it was written about regga
Yeah, you would you'd really enjoyed me of the book came over
I asked you how many times this is a oki doki in it, but leave I'll give you the subtitle run a Reagan and the supporting players who helped him create illusion that held America spellbound
I'll be there. It's extremely critical of Reagan man. It's
Yeah, but last time I checked he was dead already Reagan
Yeah, I know he's dead, but it's nice to go back. I'd read some of the stuff
Well, I got to know if it's nice to go back then we ought to be real happy because this person's taken us back about 50 years
We ought to be ecstatic. Okay, thanks a lot, mine and hope you Martin Luther King day
567 really brutally by the Taliban
You know, there's a one day that goes by now that they don't give him some PR free time on the year on these talking head channels
Now the single day goes by
Every single day, but I mean, but it might not say a damn thing not a freaking thing, but there he is
Very very sad and the public is worried about crap absolute of jim and fries that book for we are not
Oprah. Hey, Oprah. Is that for we are what? That really your hair Oprah?
Maybe she really is the color purple maybe she does a die job. I'd like to see her do a die job real soon as matter fact
Oh, by the way, you hear about Catherine Harrison her plane. Oh, I'm oh, you don't want to know
What did you miss most about your childhood? This is last. Oh, and I'm gonna race right down. Let me let me do something here
Because we're gonna race right downstairs and write myself a letter
Okay, I'm gonna get the new dispound there
Oh
We could do that one a few times
Believe you me we got a four-minute break. I'll be back make no mistake about it before the break is over
You can bet Josh's life
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
Hey
Hi there you
Wow, your fat ass is really comfortable. Wow, your fat ass is doing wonders for my back back
Want to do something useful with your fat ass?
I can sleep on your fat ass all day then why not put it to use and you don't mind if my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too
Do you as one of America's newest ask questions put your fat ass to use for the airlines and turn a coat seat in the comfort class
This is great by letting people sit on your fat ass
You'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus at the movie theater even at the park
Put your fat ass to work today receive hourly wages health benefits and ho-hoes call now and be proud to be a fat ass
Well, there's Angela Merkel the new Nazi-I-Chancellor of Germany with the your charter
Now it's not a disc that they delivered downstairs you're gonna be very disturbed right?
I tell you what this is. Oh, I don't know very upset. I know it's the movie
No, no, no movies coming to you. Okay, well, I don't some stuff on that. So do you think I know how to do the last thing with Amazon.com?
They make mistakes. They set us that other guys book here once they get their wires crossed sometimes. Let me see it again
Good luck to you
Uh, no, this is a package from somebody you know
And I didn't think they would deliver it here because didn't we discuss it the other day? Oh, he was asking about it yet
Yeah, whatever it is John here is you maniac you ferry and let me start out. There's three things in here first. There's a card
How late here to those
Far and near it says and you open it up and it says
Oh, it says
Frolest Weinstein and the Buddhist New Jar
Wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year John and Sharon best wishes John Jiris from power 96
Good guy a little bit on the boost up inside, but nevertheless and then there's a number two thing in here
Is a calendar 2006 counter nice one, too right with the picture of the Salzburg on there Salzburg. I love their mistakes
Huh, I love their stakes
No, not Salzburg Salzburg. Oh anyway, maybe that's where Salzburg State comes from you think so I had no idea
I have no idea and I couldn't care less
Uh, and here's the a month by one it's got all the every month is about a different scenic picture of Salzburg
Well, look at that look at these people go stepping in that queue
And there's the Alps in the background and just a beautiful thing. Thank you so much for that now
All right, the other part of what's in here right now
It's really interesting because I guess John is
Wouldn't you think that anybody who's been around here for while knows that I've
Denied the house of his friends in my life. Yeah, so I've been to like all kinds of places in Europe like Germany and
Amstadama many times in Rome and Scandinavia so there are two candy bars in here
Which he even wrote on the customs declaration they delivered so I guess you can't send food across the border
It's just not cob trops. No, no not cob trops
Milka what do you know milk is about us to this if they were like two Hershey bars
I don't want to hurt John's feelings, but I can go I can go across the street to my convenience store and buy these
Because when it comes to candy man the Canadians that's the one thing we specialize two things
Taki and curling and which were embarrassed by and candy. Oh man
We got candy up the ass candy as I'd say yeah
Milka bars and these are just kineshri and they're just chocolate bars. That's all there's nothing in them
Alpin milk so it's from the alps
He oh, and you know what wait till I tell you the best part. They're like crumbly well
I mean it's been through a lot of what
Well, you don't think I got two chocolate bars my head nobody's sitting a hundred-page fast stop it
You don't think I'm gonna eat this dude. Oh jeez there we go
So my blood sugar by I would say by noon my blood sugar will be like 600
I think this is attempted murder don't you it is yeah, I told him to just give me the chocolate instead, but it was too late
maniac
Disney no, I'm diabetic
You know people don't take any of that stuff seriously. I know that even though I try to wait a little longer
I'm gonna be dead artful. Oh, yesterday like yeah, that doesn't really mean it. He won't do many. Yeah, right
They don't take it seriously
Everything's a big joke
Yeah, like that
So I'm gonna sit here and it's a good thing that these are broken into pieces
Just I remember the guy quite yesterday about the Turkish Tampa and you would slam it against the table
So we break up into pieces right and that looks like what's happened to these chocolate bars probably in transit
They're also something in the translation
So they're like an and very convenient to eat little chunks from through Northam
You're good. I really good. Thanks John Jaros. Yeah. Thanks for trying to kill me. You mean yeah
And these are good until let's see through um September 23, 2005. So they're not still yet. I'd go to you die
Mm about half an hour. So you better start preparing some material
WQ I am hello
Not here. There's one of the better calls we've had this morning so far WQ I am hello
Yeah, okay good. There many Q by M. Hello
Dale. Yes. How you doing? All right
Now get out of here
Get out
You're out of your mind or what got some people in town or listen to you if you play one of course not
Those are as stale as last year's Motsaman get away get away
Get off of my
Planet get off of my cloud
Christ almighty man. Yeah, these calls suck. You know they really suck. I know it
That's the same thing. No, but for all these years they just keep getting worse and worse and worse because basically
There's like 10 people they just do voices like Phil, you know just 10 different call right? Are you sure all the same people?
And of course there's no clue the ones that don't get on here. Let's start going back to screening the calls, Josh
Oh
I just I just saw both of those fingers
No, but you know, it's so good in different hands. What it's so good when you get the crank. No, I do
I enjoy the same people have actually said that to me. Well couldn't you I think last year said that to me when we had our phone call
They're I mean, you know, you thought about coming back to screen your calls. I don't want a screen and calls I like a bunch of idiots
That old style talk well, let's talk to you know
Josie in Miramar. How was that? I don't want to talk to Josie in Miramar. I
Do I want to talk to Sally and St. Pete all other crap that went all with the nickers man
Stuff was so I guess in its day it was fine, you know like nickers
Where there may be snickers? Do you have to wear those?
What nickers? Yeah, no, I never I never saw anybody with nickers
Now tell me what the difference are between nickers and spats. Well, I don't know what a spad is of
Yeah, you had several with your wife. I see no seriously. I know what nickers are, but I don't know what spats are
Well, you heard spats. I've heard of them, but I heard something educational we can learn on the show today
Nickers are like knee pants, right? Yeah, this this milk up. It's made by craft. So you ought to be
Thuleba and it's made in bitch line
So that's why John Jericho is so impressed with this because anything that's made in Germany
He's all whipped up to a frenzy about like Germans and this is very well
Germans aren't known for their candy. It's a German chocolate is not like a big deal Swiss. Yes, Swiss
Shrite and that's far it's right. They're known for their baked goods is what I heard Germany. Yeah
Oh, no and landscapes
Here you're brutal here. Just just a piece of turd heartless cruel relentless. That's me
Well, so this is just this is like I don't know
Like a Hershey bar
All of they are big. There's a hundred grams so between the two of those two hundred grams of chocolate
That's gonna put me in a coma by about twelve thirty. So that guy don't want to come to my here's the arrangements for giving the assignment when you can come and do the viewing
I want to be very naked with my big perfect hanging out, right?
WQ I am hello. I have no lights
We don't yeah, we already know WQ I am hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. You old toilet and I pre-ticket
Hello WQ I am hello
Hmm George is so caught up in Reverend Jones
Somebody Q I am hello
My boss is
Okay, like I said I'm going back to my pilot's it gonna get my chocolate and go back to my pilot your calls are the most embarrassing
Humillating degrading swill your bunch of morons man much of idiots lunatics
30 years. I've been doing this in this town and it just gets worse and worse and worse
We haven't got anybody with IQ larger than their digit
Oh, well, I think we will take a lot more calls them
We're gonna change the pool at noon, too
What are we looking at with the they're they're they're ringing with that sense of urgency now, you know
Yeah, you know, I'm talking about five people are ringing nine lines
Hahaha, oh
I believe that WQ I am hello
Yeah, yes, sir
All right
That's all
No, what are spats?
Those things they used about a hundred years ago that hooked on to the top of your socks and around your cat to keep your socks falling down
Hoppy Dan that's what it was sounds kind of silly to me. No, that's why they don't have spats anymore
Okay, it's like people are worse as spenders now, right like
Thanks a lot, pal. Oh, I can't don't have a spat
So you learn something right there
As either Chinese worse bads is what your president thinks
Seriously, he's so stupid him even the worst of these calls. Yep. They're like rocket scientists compared to your president
Dumber than sawdust. Dumber than in amoeba. Dumber than a hookworm
Just pathetic. Okay, here's the pool. Here's the final result on the today's pool, which now is out
Done
Aren't you excited? Okay, what a drumroll. What did you hate about your most about your
childhood? 1770 votes. That's not too bad
Of course it's been on there for a month getting dragged to church 287
Don't be doing it no more mom and daddy leave me alone you go and with all those other gays and leave me the hell alone
My childhood was great 258. Well, if I could and like I said what happened in the interim boy talk about turning sour
School 219 not having money to 15 getting bullied when I need to I hate this pool 120
How much stop Florida? I hate everybody getting dragged to visit relatives getting sluck to the relatives 100
My parents 87. What did they suck getting picked last for sports 81 being abused 69 spankings 47
Being treated like an infant 35 my hood the old hood 25 what a crap hole mom's cook in 21 what crap and going hungry
Still only 15. Okay, you wonder what the new pool isn't gonna switch it right now
Well, for the order of about facts in this 10 page facts. Oh, who's that?
No name they they wrote on the cover sheet
So what does it make sense with the cover sheet?
Abuse victims lawsuit might interfere with worship of others and it's a five page facts plus the cover sheet and it says on top
Neil God stop it. God. Yeah, stop setting us at crap. Okay. We're not interested. I already got a huge part of your future
We already had the story about the bishop yesterday and God bless him anyway. What's the biggest waste of money?
Here's what I got so far expensive watch expensive car gambling expensive restaurants eating all
Giving the charities going to church your shows etc. Having kids sending kids to private schools getting married or buying health or natural foods
Not a good choice damn good
Yeah, I know for giving the money to churches and
A bunch of little to as much at Raybroppers like all those other gifts
This is thanks to the candy John not humanity
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels
At least into the mirror
Amunista hour
Movie queen of only 19 she had some trouble with her
Oh
She was taking drugs to help her feel a little better about herself
She drove on my
Been found and wound up rising more
She died so many times with believe me
Little dropped every day
And built some up before they buy her brain
When he's the girl on the tabloid
Who has been partying along while because she will
Do you
But
Will be pleased now you'd be very proud of me that I took the other milk of bar and I put it in the freezer
No, not as proud as if you'd throw it out the window no and the one that of course I mean the other one
See, I don't know I don't want to say John jerry's is stupid, but he's a nice guy. Let's stupid
Cuz for number one even if I weren't diabetic won't what's the big sin of sending me two candy bars
That I can go out and buy like right across the street. What's the point? Now those came from Germany
Yeah, and so did the ones across the street
Yeah, but he brought those yeah, and
Well, they I don't know how much of the cars in the street sandy cloth
Heinrich Himmler they have more miles out of the ones you say Angela Merkel
But there's David Gregory I wonder how far he's got his tongue up to your president's butt
All paid for bought stole science healable or audio jackass in the media not getting anybody okay
Much of sell-outs. How do you look yourselves in a mirror when you're shaving in the morning Lynn
5670560
5560 and Verizon and singular wireless line
So what do you think you got any other big waste of money?
No, you got my choice on that
How about whining and dining to get laid like you know dating that kind of thing how would you say that dining and dancing?
No, you know, I'm talking good dining. That was great. Joey Carr and Russell Wiss is getting into a brawl
I'd love to see man. That's not necessarily a waste of money. What's that?
Spending a lot of money in other words if there's a payoff that's right
That was that show of the big payoff with Randy Merriman
That's when I was trying to think of the other day you see how this all ties in and fits together
And the best part of it is that even these wise acres up there they haven't got any idea what I'm talking about and I love it
I love it
Just like Barbus Dudley the Jewish people I love my love my love man. The state of Israel
I just like oh Pat Robertson apologize. Does anybody care? No. No. Why do they keep quoting him anyway?
Let me do Q a m. Hello
Q a m a meal
Yes, sir. Yeah, I have a ghost living in my apartment. What what should I do?
W Q a m. Hello exercise it
Neil yes sir exercise good for yes
um by and cigarettes
Think it's worth something I actually had added and I forgot. Thank you very much
I added a couple here that I couldn't put on because I'm ready to access here cigarettes buying cigarettes and the designer clothing
Yeah, I'll give you a lot of advice stuff because it's got the little fancy little logo on it
You know, yeah, cigarettes in designer clothing. We added those yet. Let go to add them down right
So there go. I'm so glad that I mentioned those faggots to me
So
Q a m hello
Uncle Neil yes sir
Please turn it in the bathtub. I don't want to be labor the subject that's fast
Or those white things that cover the shoes they don't hold up the sock. That sounds right
Yeah, you know what I mean right there. I'm going to pull a crap
Yeah, I just you know I know it's a very important stuff
They cover shoes. What would they cover shoes?
Your shoes roll kind of like messed up. They is like a white thing to cover the top of them
Yeah, maybe like back in the 22 like they were
Like
I don't even know what you're talking about things that cover your like relashes cover your shoes
Yeah, I got to run your rubberies. Send you a picture
Blow off some of them rubberies and the cover your shoes with them. It's hard to walk. Huh sending you a picture
Oh, don't don't email me something. I don't want to see. I don't care about spats
My blood sugar so high right now what do you mean? I'll be dead by 12 30 anyhow. Oh, this will put you over
What spats? Yeah, I think we're about to have a spat
A student raised a gun to police who shot him
If he did we can only hope
I mean it was obvious right from the very beginning
Again, let's let us look at this all the facts. Yeah, let's look at all the facts
Receive you sound like you're pretty clear that when you present this to the FDA you're gonna present this
I just told you what I know about the case and
And that's what I do I tell you in the public what happened here
And it's up to FDA and the state of junees office to make judgment
Once again, that's a share of
Inseminal county there's more than one of a few holes for you there that um the sheriff didn't apparently a boy
brought a gun to school in a backpack at this
Middle school in Longwood, Florida some other kids haveled on him and when that happened
He'd barricade himself in a bathroom when sheriff's deputies confronted him
As according to sheriff's deputies he raised his hand with the gun in his hand and sheriff's deputies shot the boy
Yeah, as you heard the sheriff said they said they did it to protect the deputies as well as the boys safety as
His condition at this time is not known to school with evacuated and the students and staffs that well we could only hope he's dead when you agree
No, no why not I don't know
Well, I mean you don't know any kid that brings a gun to school kill him
I call it I'll put it into that crap. Well, but knives are okay though, right? No, bring a knife
Kill him twice. We used to do that all the time if he brings a gun just lightly kill him
But if he brings a knife really stick it to him how you gonna protect yourself from the bullies?
So take a stand to Abu Gharr and let them have their way with him and then kill him
If they don't do it first
Remember I was just talking yesterday about there you were going to school hybrid years ago
And the idea that kids would bring knives or guns or any kind of weapon to school
Is so ludicrous and oh well, that's all the old days. You just being an old funny buddy. Yeah, right
The old days is so old and fun all fashion to be like civilized, you know
That's why I like it here. Although we do have some of these guns coming across the border like from Cleveland Detroit
Not to you know get too specific
But generally speaking most of the people there are civilized
There's a difference between civilized and like barbarian like having no respect for human life
That's why America is so complacent about over 22 other dead Americans in Iraq based on lies
They don't care as long as it's not the their family something they know they don't give a crap
They might tell you they care but they don't because if they did care they'd be riding in the streets to be like a
Revolutio but there's not
The word about Derby through word about designer labels on what they bought like Levi Strauss jeans
Well with the iPod slot so you can do your joystick
How'd you like that story yesterday? I liked it a lot
It started looking for something got a slot for your iPod in it a lot too and also got a slot for your
For your knives have you ever seen you saw the thing was in the Boeing for Columbine?
Yeah, what about it?
We're that kid that the 16-year-old kid or however old he was do all what he
He took all those guns out of his pants and out from under remember that yeah, yeah, I could do that
Company Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yes, how long before uh bush
Invades our Iran
Like you know something that you were talking about things that we have no troops to evade
Iran if we had some troops available but we'd be in there right now you just on the TV with the German counter talk
Yeah, I just got through talking about that bitch
Yeah, yeah, I'd like okay
He was just on TV. I just get through talking about here. He just got through talking about that. Oh, they're they're the two of
Marta together again. He was just on TV again over and over and over again. That was only show now every day
And here's that facts hold that story again
We don't want the facts okay find the number where they came from and kill him. They're faculty from their computer
So I can't even facts. Oh, geez probably Eric. No, it's some uh hole
Some hole they're using right facts which in this game wrong facts
We don't want it okay. We don't want it
Cut the crap
So at least the cause of it is opposed to the facts is that really suck by the way these facts are only $30 a pair
Yeah, and what do you do with them?
Raccoon among your shoes
For what you've seen them these old-fashioned tuxedos. It's part of the whole gear. I have not seen them well if you open up your email
You will oh no not on Yahoo. No, no, you're a regular on right here when I don't I don't like Yahoo at all
Well then you know, I hated I hated can it
No, I'm not gonna can it because it's like I would have like a whole bunch of emails just it is
When you start to waste now that we found out that everybody's listening to your cell phone messages and finding out who you're talking to
We're getting whole-ish or bills every month and I can get anybody said that. It's nice too
I wonder if that's true for your blackberry
I'm sure you think well uncle sucker can find it. That's for sure uncle sucker. Yeah
You know, I'm sitting there eating candy and you try this is like the gaslight syndrome all over the moon
No, trying to convince me that my blood sugar is gone so high that I'm like in coherent
I can't I just can't communicate. I have no idea what you're talking about
Uncle say let's get back to this new pool here, man
I'm a really good one for the weekend. Nothing like getting a good pool on a weekend
Like let's get a pool axe or just a few pollocks or have a lot of time have a party
76 votes. What was the biggest waste of money? What is the biggest waste giving the churches and sholes?
And said right 23 since this is the anti-religion crowd good
Like I said the people who listen up to the cars are idiots the people that sit back passively and listen
They always had a good people man
Because anybody with an IQ larger than his thumb would never call a stupid radio talk show guarantee of that even this one
Expensive car 10 you who needs a $40,000 courvert much less two of them
Getting married eight gambling eight. Oh Wednesday. That would have been my answer
Wow, but it's well just burned it
But then it's all just blind chance man. It's all random. Well, guess what?
Having kids seven expensive watch seven giving the charities for buying cigarettes those nasty
Faggets. They'll kill you three eating all your meals out three like the Humper it'll kill them
Vibe designer clothing to buying helper natural foods one sending kids to private schools none and expensive restaurants zero
This is me
5.62
Hank Goldberg
We came morning seven to ten
Randy fun
Lakers on Monday. Kobe is just been playing incredibly and people still criticize
Kobe because they say he's not distributing the ball enough
But they're winning with him putting up 40 points tonight as a coach. What do you do with Kobe?
I think the great question for the Lakers is how far can he carry them and it certainly looks like he's gonna be able to carry them from night to night to some wins
But does that project into a playoff team and we got a young guy that puts up some pretty good numbers to enjoy and I like those
13 for 17 nights the joint has as opposed to those 19 for 41 nights to Kobe has
The hammer Hank Goldberg 7.10
sports ring you'll buy
system
you
can't
That's the American way
The
movement
Join the
animation
char gun today
to have yourself come down
on person fun
Follow your friends away
will back you all the
family
you're right
you are
the
gun
when you think of all the benefits you're getting
life will be sweeter when you catch your Peter
carry a license to be deadly
come on and join today
it's the American way
could be a member of the NRA
Hey for the
beat
Hey for the chest
and always
Hey for the head
Hey for the
well
it's not
that
sharpen your skill
and your four
plus
where
you can
be there
you can
best
your right
you all love
come on and join
and you'll be
proud to say
you're a member
of the NRA
Hey
From 18 other schools
shooting
Han usual
how rare
just nobody cares
Martin Wards against
importing
U.S.
style extreme right
and by the way
you are losing it
it's not me
I finally figured it out
during the
break you didn't email
that to the
ordinary
thing
you emailed it
to the Yahoo thing
Oh that
I didn't change it on that one
the
yeah
my bad
I'll change it
and I'm going to tell you
I looked at that picture
you sent me with
no spats
that is so
okay
oh my god
you've seen that
uh...
no I have not
oh come on
I never seen no spats
at your age
yeah you see
what does that tell you
that that's when you hit
a cool like
uh... that
that's the guy that's on
following the show
I'm a hipster man
I think Dung Daddy man
you know it's right
I'm a Dung Daddy
and I burglar uh...
pizza burglar
anyway
uh...
all for him
liberal prime minister
Paul Martin Ward
Canadians yesterday
of course Paul is desperate
you're going to lose
you're going down a week
from Monday Paul
you blew it
you blew it
you opened up the door
for fascism in canada
uh... Ward Canadians yesterday
that is main rival
conservative leader Steven Harper
would turn the country into a
bastion for a
U.S. style extreme right
I really do believe that Canadians
don't want to buy the far
conservative right in the U.S.
Martin Senate TV appearance
they don't want to see it imported
here they do understand
that a sharing working together
has been the way we've built this country
the liberals are training
conservatives and opinion polls
eight or nine points by the way
and Harper appears on track to deny the liberals
a fifth consecutive mandate
in the election week from Monday
Harper dismissed Martin's criticism
is not believable especially after the liberals
released a series of negative ads
that seek to portray this a frightening
extremist which is exactly what he is by the way
well there you go but it means that it will not be named by south of the border
cares because after all misery loves companies
picking a miserable pit bastards
evangelist pat Robertson apologized in a Wednesday letter
for saying that the major stroke suffered by his
very permanent to prime minister aerial seroan was a divine
retribution for dividing god's land
he apologized because you have a lot of heat and a lot of
flight for it and he's really said the hubbier and
dread no no i love his real
the appalice he offered and let her to seroan son
omri followed the threat by his real-wet
slew Robertson from a proposed fifty million dollar
christian heritage that northern israel in
other words he took a he retracted his comments
in apologize and you want to know why because it was bad for
uh...
my zeal my love of israel my concern for the future safety of your nation
let me make remarks which i can now view in retrospect as inappropriate and
insensitive in light of a national grief experience
because your father's illness Robertson wrote
yeah apologize you mama
in his letter Robertson expressed profound sympathy for seroan was making
well it says he's making slight improvement but i got another article about him
dead man uh... laying down
he had an ask your forgiveness and the forgiveness of the people of his year for
saying was clearly insensitive at the time and i thought Charles Taylor
right there library anymore that diamond thing went south he's got to find some
other scamming to make millions on
i'm sorry the evangelist also tried to the news media for not
conveying the heartfelt sentiments he also expressed that they have to
sheroan fill the old
Robertson who have vehemently opposed your own disbanding of his rarely
settlements in gaza told viewers of his obnoxious disgusting uh... heatful
heatful piece of crap to set a hundred club the car was exactly revenge on
sheroan for his actions in gaza or is that gaza
that's how they say here like masda and gasset
it's a Canadian thing
well under any prime minister will be able to see how our bills are that look
what happened poor
well on any prime minister of israel it takes a similar course to appease the
away already been
you're an idiot
you're an idiot pat you're not to your aloo to take your ira just
hate mongering hate spreading peace of turd
i'll speak of a fat ash your own
you know i i think candy boy now when's the last time ever ate
candy during a show i can't even remember
especially since i'm a new misshoes here never never ever never
in fact you know it reminds me of what remember that they that that one of our
listeners he sent me a box of roger lock i was there uh-huh
and dry was eating those and during the show my blood sugar must look like
about a thousand never that i do with all that powdered sugar on it all just
sicklingly sweet graph practically swoon i'm going to take this right now okay
seriously john jiris has got an IQ larger than his head which he's got a big head
and he should know better and you should bitch him out
don't say neal thanks you for the can't tell me it was really pissed off he's
diabetic and uh... he said it would be like to say they like the time howards
and uh... stern said i'm as a bottle of booze at wmbc after stir
and i was just got back from rehab i already uh-pre-bitched and but not too
severely because i thought that it wasn't going to show up well it did show up
and i think in post-bitch right i'll read that you tell me old man had a
freaking stroke on here because of his guy gosh darn uh... say i'm a
said it and milka bars
you know i would have been one thing if he said he's something uh... unique in
different and uh... really uh... that's what i was playing chocolate really
many nuts in it that would have been even worse
what then you would have eaten twice as much no well what would have been good
would have been something really good like i said thanks john for sending me
some plain boring pedestrian crap
milk chocolate my ass oh god god
you must have seen these milka m-i-l-k-a milk to melt in your ass
yeah it tastes like it i'm serious it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's
pedestrian is eating a Hershey bar it's a little mild
it's it's just a question mild it's just it's it's bland it's nothing it's
nothing and how many times i told you if you're going to cheat
have something really sensational they're really good
you know like like missley's turtle or banana nut hogging does or or so or even
you know i actually uh... i started getting into that doodoo c-delay chase stuff
yeah i apologize to your people because everyone's obsessed with that doodoo
c-delay chase i apologize but this is pretty good it's too sweet for me actually
it is sickeningly sweet i like saying we then we talk about uh... keel i'm
pienty i can't wait the other day right there you go in fact when i said
pick and pie just started swimming because i was a green with you when you were
knocking it's like yeah not for me man knocking what that dole say the luchey
flavored uh... whatever yeah i'm not doing any of that today i already had a
candy bar and i got another one in the freezer uh... because i do like frozen
candy don't you uh... well yeah frozen cold at least in the fridge at the
very well i mean only like frozen like a brick right now just cold and
further than cold and fray and a candy too
man or even nothing like that what the hell are we talking about i don't know
probably said a few words i probably shouldn't have already because i mean cold
here it cost jerry said power 96 is a crazy person
blah blah blah blah like that he probably is kind of ishka bit of a little more
little bullet nut job lunatic sending candy to an old aging diabetic he's
trying to kill me i know they probably wants to midday show not fooling me or he
probably wants me out of the way because he's insecure now that we got the new
boss in there he doesn't know who's on first like a lot of other people around
there i don't know whether i should mention or not but you said it's on the bullet
and board that thing that normal can't and by the way norma don't be stirred up
a bunch of crap okay we have great new general manager i had a great conversation
with him on the other day on Tuesday for half an hour he loves me i love him
everything is great which of course see norma reflective positions that i want
to keep you healthy uh... they want to keep you sick because otherwise there's
no need for you to see them same with norma he wants to stir up a bunch of
crap and keep it like always like that because otherwise i don't need him
and since he's handling me for money or rents only the friday the thirteenth
of january that's not a good sign so don't be bugging joe bello case got
plenty of fish to friday without you bust her enough to pot okay go smoke some
norma and quit stirring it you loser you you fair right
so i don't know if i want to talk about that sales manager thing
what is that it's on the bulletin board uh... in the kitchen that's what i was
told i didn't want to get seriously i didn't see it oh so i know i don't think
that's the one but anyway you better go take a look at it during the break because i
want to make i'm not going to mention it okay all right no i don't want to make
it i don't want to start all i want to do is say something to Curtis Raymond burr
bye bye bye okay
hundred and thirty one votes in just a half an hour that's pretty weak what's the
biggest waste of money going to church you're giving the churches shows at
server thirty nine gambling twenty buying cigarettes fourteen expensive watch like
you idiots with those Rolexes eleven although we do like to trade out expensive
carton getting married nine having kids eight giving the charity seven any
all your meals out six buying designer clothing five
buying health or natural foods too yeah send a kiss to private schools and
expensive restaurants so far the big all they like roots Chris i guess
you have a roll up this is my meal and a rocket right later this is my five sixty
q a
sei
Why the do you
I have to go
saying
If I could bring it to court hall,
I would have been in public town,
but I would have picked you up now.
Yes, my book.
Quick, my book.
Take my guy to court, get on it.
Take like you're my ticket, kids.
Then assume a penalistic stance.
There's a full and a full died.
They might want something at that aim,
but they're troubled and out of it that I'm not.
I'm gonna miss that one whole day.
You gotta have to get along with me,
and now you gotta get inside you.
You must have some hypnotized,
and you won't be able to see how you're gonna fly out.
That was funny.
It's 12.33 if you want me.
And you know what?
Also, it's the fact that you wasted my time in my...
...achida paper sending me this fetch from Chronic Pedro.
That topic abores me today.
He makes a good point though, I think.
Let me say it again.
That topic abores me to tears.
No moths.
Just to give it a rest.
I just took my blood sugar.
I want you to go...
I want you to find John Gerriss in the middle.
Listen, you know that machete that's sitting over there on the counter?
I threw it away, it wasn't sharp.
No, it's in there.
Well, get it a sharp one.
I'll use my hijacking knife.
Yeah, you use a sharp instrument and go and pour it in his ass.
What a jackass.
Let me just take it one more time.
When I got this morning, my sugar was a nice 112,
which you know, all of the Atkins books is it should be 110 or less if you die better.
But you know something that 112 is close enough, that's a nice number.
You'll take it.
You know what it is right now?
Uh, 180.
No.
Two 10.
No.
Higher?
256.
Oh!
Well, sure, I mean the panda bar.
And not only that, but while I'm stressed out working on the ear.
You're a crazy person, John Gerriss.
I have a sue his ass.
Go back to the very old chain.
If he would have sent me like a nice, perverine cream pie or something,
at least it'd be worth dying for that.
I'm just thinking ask, milk a bar.
This is cock-a-man.
Milk of my ass.
Jesus, God is that garbage.
I'm going to put some of our people out there there when I'm talking about it.
It's just a plain flat chocolate bar.
And this is, well, you didn't have to eat it.
Yeah, right.
Right.
I try to have that conversation with people.
Yeah.
When they send you something or grab you something or bring something.
Well, he had to have a meal.
It's like a woman from Toronto that used to bring me to Smarties with Panther hockey games
that bitch.
And I would plead with her.
I said, please stop doing this.
I'm dying.
Oh, no, I know you love this.
It was like she was deaf.
No matter what I would say to her.
And then of course I would eat them there because I'm like obsessed with that.
All the way.
I haven't had any of those in years.
And during the game, my blood sugar would go skyrocketing over 300.
My head would start sweating and like, oh, hey, hey.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, no.
I mean, killing you with kindness, killing you with kindness, stop.
I'm pleased to see over 200 people have read that article about the diabetes.
The very Jackson one I read over there.
At least at least that's something.
Speaking of stop.
What?
That bone keeps faxing.
Yeah, I'm what am I supposed to do about it?
You know what this reminds me of?
Let's play it right out there on the table.
I had a call yesterday from your close personal friend.
You know, their friend that we share who talks about you?
No.
Yeah, you do.
I don't want to say Dave on the air.
Oh, yeah.
And so he had some kind of an issue about a beep with his business or whatever.
Nothing I can do about it.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
And it's the same with the facts.
What am I supposed to do about the facts that I keep going on the air?
Stop sending them.
Okay.
What else would you like me to do?
Nothing.
Would you like me to take a sharp instrument and stab it through my heart?
No.
Oh, you like me to take a gigantic piece of a roll of toilet paper and strip the whole thing inside my face to keep it clean?
I mean, what would you like me to do?
Maybe through the facts or the heart.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Okay.
Call your management.
Okay.
Call your engineer.
Call Philip Morris.
Okay.
Call for Philip Morris.
You see, I'm going to become really incoherent once my blood sugar gets to 300 in a couple of minutes.
Oh, I'd be good.
It's still on the way up.
Oh, geez.
Margie's what?
The best is yet to come.
I'm starting to get a headache.
Right?
I'm seeing Laura Borse on my screen makes me want to puke up on that candy, which would probably be a good idea.
Thanks, John.
Yeah, thanks, John.
Here is you, Jackass.
I was feeling great this morning.
You're going to nice to be a holiday weekend coming up tomorrow, Saturday, and, you know, whatever it is Sunday of Monday, whatever planet I'm on.
And it's this bastard, this lunatic.
Just go away.
Okay.
Hate you like poison.
If being your friend means I have to take your candy and make myself sick, I just assume be your enemy, John.
Here is just go away.
I have no dealings with you.
You have nothing to do with QA.
I may have nothing to do with the station.
With this show, with my life, except that you're trying to curtail it.
So just take your candy and stick it.
Stick it.
Stick your, stick your milker.
Where the moon don't shine.
God.
Hate people I do that to you.
It's just, it's unacceptable.
And you said back and loud it's happened on that end.
Excuse me?
You said back and encouraged him.
Probably said that's right.
Well, let's just say I'm one of those.
They're so good.
He'll definitely wait.
Well, at least two.
And then the box.
Yeah, cinema.
Exactly.
Cinema whole carton of those.
I bitched him out because I thought that could have gone to a good cause.
Me and my starving ass.
Right.
That's right.
You're probably your wife or a legged.
It probably made her sick.
It is all hell.
Giving you a reason to put a smile on your face.
Giving you hope for the future.
Right.
There was a story on those investigative reports.
There was a date line or was it that other thing.
Look at that.
Still going up.
14.3.
Let's see.
What is that?
256 and 6.
262.
You're going to hit the jackpot any minute now.
Yeah, I'm going to hit the floor any minute now.
Thanks to you, buddy John Gerruss, the George and courage of all he loves chocolate.
The sweet of the day.
Some of the German chocolate.
See, the German food I can eat is the bratwurst because it doesn't have any carbs in it.
It's great.
Couldn't send me a case of those.
Could you like with a freezer packet?
Like they do from Omaha States?
No.
It sends me stick in candy bars that I could buy across the street.
You cheap, Nazi bastard.
You.
Come in the QAM.
Hello.
Yeah, it's a boy.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
What was that in the back?
What I just hear?
I don't know what that was either.
It was kind of a bizarre sound.
Yeah.
That's what made me feel the radio.
It probably isn't the noise.
Let me be listening.
I do it.
I do your diabetic thing.
I'm a fellow diabetic meal and it's like at the holidays despite constantly urging people
that you're diabetic, they want to put like a cheesecake on your plate.
Yeah.
Four and reason or another.
But, uh, no, for only one reason.
There is only one and that is to kill you.
It is, it's a little.
They're killing us for kindness, man.
And I'm sick of it.
But it's, it's consiguirant to the lung cancer patients.
It's just, it's ridiculous.
Yeah.
How about our good friend, Alito, uh, in those hearings?
I mean, we all know where he's coming from.
Yeah.
You're not, you have America.
I saw his hip boots.
I saw the boots.
He's not fooling me.
I mean, it's a hit.
They, uh, they, uh, they did have to, I actually watched on it.
There's one witness that says 95% or 90% of all cases.
He voted to go with the government.
When that's right.
The big government, big business against the little people,
against manorities, against everybody except, uh,
Heinrich Himmler and that crowd.
That's, that's what he actually wrote an opinion
where he thought it was appropriate to shoot a fleeing black teenager.
And there you go.
Just got a love of the guy.
Good stuff.
All right.
Okay.
Hey, listen, I'll see you at the border, man.
Exactly.
All right.
I see the hyper coming in.
So like I said, good luck to all of us.
We'll get in that little robot and roll wheel fast.
Now the other day we were talking about those,
that wet foot, dry foot thing.
Mm-hmm.
And I really was remiss because you know, I didn't play.
Take a rest.
Get away.
Talk about it.
And feel the release.
Smell the fresh sea air.
Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban arousing on big lactic.
It's like a vacation away from your troubles.
Your life back home.
Your discipering on a journey to a better place.
The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day.
Unpredictable.
Proud to take you.
Life threatening.
Cuban ranting on big lactic.
Roll your way to something better.
Well faster.
No faster.
Your combichard scatter on much faster than that.
Road damage.
Pain for him by the US Navy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
Suck it in and hold it.
I'm swimming out and a new year as it's got to start ahead.
I'm swimming out and a new year as it's got to start ahead.
Laying an evolution to my body and walk.
Said I'd give a drink and I wouldn't give a call.
From a vat's experience I'd be making a mess.
I'm swimming in person and I'm not a friend.
I'm having an evolution for one night.
I'm wearing a beer and I'm having a moral life.
I'm swimming out and a new year as it's got to start ahead.
I'm moving out and a new year as it's got to start ahead.
Laying about to make myself feel a lot more great.
From a sad and structured job in a little walk away.
Said I'd take my outfit tight on my clothes tomorrow.
Said I'd eating healthy and you would be a good girl.
But here I am eating donuts one at a time.
If I don't eat another dozen I'm gonna pay the pay for it.
Ah!
We're now in kind of a new year as it's got to start ahead.
I'm dying on the gas.
About 46 on Inquiry Radio.
I was just thinking about Inquiry and Chiro and doctors worried about
Faded Regained Consciousness.
He's still...
What the hell is that?
How are you getting now?
Dr. Rui.
Prime Minister Ariel Chiro and remained comatose and a critical commission today.
Nine days after his massive stroke and Israeli media said his doctors were increasing
and concerned about his Faded Regained Consciousness after sedation was eased.
Israel TV Channel 10 and Israel Army Radio quoted Hadassah Hospital officials
saying the word that Chiro and still shows no signs he's waking up from his induced coma.
However, Hadassah spokesman Ron Krumer said there's no trim...
firm trim line.
Careful.
No firm timeline for when Chiro and Chiro and open his eye eyes.
I left it.
No firm trim line.
I think I don't word line this, but anyway.
Also, did you see that movie yet?
No, the human stain?
No, not yet.
You better watch it.
Start right now.
I mentioned if I took that cheer we're getting about five to ten minutes, it's going to be over 300.
I feel like, well...
And you allowed this to happen.
See that?
That's...
Right.
That's the reward I get for being loyal and going to back for certain people.
I allowed it.
Going out on the limit after the accident.
You actually did.
You probably suggested it.
I didn't give him the address.
I didn't know he was going to go.
I was m-gelling on the address.
I didn't know he was going to go.
I didn't give him the address.
I didn't give him the address.
No, I don't.
No, I'm a gilded.
If he would have sent the card in the calendar, wouldn't that have been just nice enough?
Oh my god, 16.
That's like 286.
288.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yes, that's what I'm saying.
I don't know.
When you see him out there in the parking lot on the way, I'll just run his ass off the road.
That's a little hint from a human stain, by the way.
I shouldn't spoil the ending.
Hey Tom and Darryl, you idiot!
You squintling!
You failure!
WDQYM, hello.
Okay, these are good. This has been quite a day. WDQYM, hello.
Yeah.
I want to say, okay, good.
Yes, they had a bottle of lost barn stew, by the way. Take the job. Take the job. WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, the primal fear of staining my pants brings happiness to the city of God, and that's a straight story.
Wait, where would he go with that?
Right, go. Right to the magic room. WDQYM, hello.
You've got to kiss a moon cricket good morning.
Tell them now you're sorry, four slaves in a mall. You've got to.
Never heard that one before. Did you?
That's an interesting one.
Oh, right away in the movie, human staying Anthony Hopkins loses his professional job because he used the word Spooks.
I say in, yeah, and I'm going to find out that it was a black guy passing himself off as a Jewish white guy.
But nevertheless, in the end, they both get theirs in the end. WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, thank you. WDQYM, hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your poll. Extended warranties. They're worthless.
Absolutely. Good choice.
Okay. And also about Pat Roberts's apology.
Yeah. You notice he never says he's wrong. He just says it was bad timing or incentive.
Yeah. But he never says what he says was total crap.
That's because it was for the love of Israel. So he must love the people of Venezuela, even that much more.
No, but when a murderer is sentenced, then he apologizes.
Why are you trying to reason about a crazy person? Okay.
Like the hell is this? Be very fearful of crazy people.
I understand. But I'm saying, they're very, very accountable.
Because he's a religious nut. Don't you understand the man at the media scared crap us a religion man?
Scared to death.
I tell you one thing, man, I got my window, my sliding glass window and living room open.
It's still a two-worm in here. What's that? What? You better close it before you jump out.
46. No, that's in the other room. Okay. You know sometimes a good idea.
Belgrade my sugar down once I hit the ground.
Ray McGurrin writes, Ray McGurrin who works at a 27-year veteran of the CIA's Amalization ranks.
Now on the steering group of veteran, what we get is calms all the time, Ray McGurrin.
The British government's book also confirms the most damaging element, the most damning element of the British cabinet office memos.
It's popularly called the Downing Street memos. Remember those that we don't hear about anymore? What are those?
Namely that the intelligence and the facts were being fixed around the policy.
The result is that no longer credible to maintain that the figures in the Iraqi intelligence for the product of a broken intelligence community.
The Bush administration deliberately fabricated the case against Iraq, lying to Congress and the American people along the way.
Ray's in senior reporter for New York Times reports that British Prime Minister Tony Blair had an urgent need in the summer of 2002 to get the equivalent of a second opinion regarding Bush's plans for war in Iraq,
insight independent of his own telephone conversations with the president and dependent of what Blair was hearing from his own for an office.
During his April 2002 visit to Crawford, Blair had gone out of the limb and pledging to support war in Iraq.
The following month, so I'm getting nervous, so we chose what intelligence problems called a back channel and sent the chief of British intelligence, Richard Dearlove,
Aldo's Brits, to Washington to sound out his counterpart, the Gerala CIA director George Tennant, who he knew to be very close to the president.
The highly revealing downing street memos contained the minutes of Dearlove's briefing of Blair and his top advisors upon his return from Washington on July 22,
but what the memo was on answer was the question of who gave Dearlove the confidence to say this to his prime minister.
He said, military action was now seen as inevitable. Bush wanted to remove Saddam through military action, justified by conjunction of terrorism and WMV,
but the intelligence and the facts were being fixed around the policy.
When the Sunday Times published a minister that key briefing on May 1, 2005, it seemed to say that the Dearlove source was tenant and I said so, says Ray McGover.
Now we have the confirmation.
Ryzen writes that George Tennant was reluctant to receive Dearlove, but acquiesced when the British made it clear that Blair considered the back channel meeting urgent.
Tennant then wrote to the occasion with a vengeance.
Ryzen, quoting a former senior CIA official who held toast to British for assessment last the most of Saturday, July 20, 2002, reports that Tennant and Dearlove had a 90-minute one-on-one conversation during which Tennant was very candid.
What a concept. Ryzen adds that by the time of this intelligence summit senior CIA officials had concluded that the quality of the intelligence of weapons of mass destruction didn't really matter since war was inevitable.
That perverse attitude certainly prevailed two months later when the fabricated national intelligence estimate on Iraqi WMV was produced by Tennant's National Intelligence Council in a successful attempt to deceive Congress in devoting for war.
A former CIA official told Ryzen that after the conversation with Tennant, Richard Dearlove could certainly figure out what was going on plus the MI6 station chief in Washington was in CIA headquarters all the time, with just about complete access to everything.
In any case, we now know that Blair got what he wanted to out of the visit, the inside scoop from someone enjoying the complete trust of a daily access to President Bush.
The President now says he doesn't want his political opposition to dwell on how he lied to Congress and American people in order to invade a country and kill tens of thousands of Iraqi civilians and more than 2200 U.S. troops, not to mention the many thousands named for life.
Perhaps he knows that Ryzen's book could do as much damage to his administration by calling me new detention to the Downing Street memos as is likely to be done by the revelations of the secret NSA wiretapping and it goes on.
Here you go, Rayma Gouvern says. Not of course that anybody should care about these things when we got really important stuff to be worried about.
That's right. That's right. That's gay. Cowboy movie and, you know, Angelina Jolie having a baby and all these other things. I haven't played that in a while today.
Absolutely.
This is Neil Rudder. What's all this? Is 5.62 A.M.
So long to two hours!
So long to two hours!
You're fair!
102.560 WQM Happy Friday the 13th, man. I should have known. Full moon tomorrow Friday the 13th today. Oh, yeah. So did he say the upward?
Oh, Josh, what does Mike open there?
Oh, and that's what that was. I heard somebody say, hey, one o'clock, I couldn't make out the rest.
Who was in there? Todd came in and hit the mic on. Todd! Todd's wreck? No, not that Todd. No, you're not.
Oh, Todd's a killer of all the good men.
Oh, hey Todd, you're fair.
Anyway, what a jackass.
He sounded like a real whimpering gun. Did I ever meet him? I keep asking him that. I hope not.
You'll be very proud of me by the way. You know, I did during that break through the other chocolate bar out the window.
No, not out the window. I took the little box that all I cracked came in and I put the card and the wrappings and I went to the refrigerator of the freezer and I took the other candy bar out.
I stuck it in the box and I went down the hall of the garbage room and I opened up the shoot and I shoot it right down there.
I said, ah, shoot and get a good loss. There he goes.
Let's just say I wouldn't buy that candy bar. I wouldn't take it if they give it to me for free.
But you did.
When you go into a supermarket here or a drugstore, I mean, this will candy like on a street corner.
I mean, there's more candy here than a card has got pills.
So, all they got.
I wouldn't buy that under any circumstances. It's his bland and plain as like, listen to the Lenny Martenshow.
I'll at least use it by accident.
There is nothing amusing about milk a bar. It is so absolutely gross.
Milk a my ass, John Jarrett.
Here's the gift.
I don't like to shoot him. Just shoot his ass.
Oh, speaking of that, here's a little mole about that situation.
Deputy shot a suicidal 15-year-old student who brandished a gun at Millowee Middle School near Longwood this morning.
Longwood, Florida, never heard of it. Did you?
No.
Since Seminole County, after chasing the boy into a restroom, Seminole County Sheriff Gunt Eslinger said,
the student was taken to the hospital as condition still not disclosed.
The boy brought a gun to school in his backpack, Elsinger said, and briefly took a fellow student hostage in a classroom
while other students evacuated, probably in their pants, right under that.
After a scuffle, the 15-year-old ran from the classroom and traveled with this firearm throughout the campus, Elsinger said,
he was pursued by deputies in a restroom and isolated there.
Maybe he was evacuating.
The other student was not injured.
Neither one of the students teach you to stand at school step.
He was suicidal, Eslinger said, and while deputies attended the establish dialogue, he raised his gun to his neck and said he would kill himself or die one way or another, Eslinger said.
At one point, the boy raised his weapon and deputies shot him.
The next student was near Lyman High School.
I wonder if that's named after Frankie Lyman and the teenagers.
How appropriate.
I mean, Ronald Reagan Boulevard.
That's all he did.
There must be some kind of a town where there's this longwood.
Oh, let's do a week of remotes from longwood.
It was being closed for the day and groups of students being escorted to the progress, energy facility on Northside of the school where dozens of parents have gathered.
Well, there you go again.
It's America for you.
A lot of guns laying around, a lot of pissed off kids, suicidal kids.
Everybody's got a gun.
No more toy guns, just real ones now.
Yes, it's an audio crazy gun people.
You love me, love me, love me.
Just like Barbara Steadler, love the Jewish people.
Americans love their guns.
Oh, they love to polish them and wax them and squeeze them and fondle them.
And the guns too.
Wait till you hear this.
I thought for this, they would probably be excavating in sunrise lakes if they want to find ancient.
But archaeologists are excavating two American Indian burial sites in downtown Miami.
Say they have found hundreds of remains piled in limestone fishers.
Some of them stack in still burial boxes.
Right in your Fisher Island, I heard.
I was just thinking of that.
What was her name?
Oh, the Iodine lady.
You know what I'm talking about?
The X-Lodine Lajé.
You didn't even know who Claudine Lajé was.
I still don't know.
I get out of here.
I know, I looked around you.
He was murdering Andy Williams.
He was a famous, she was a hottie a long time ago.
She had a frog, yeah.
And she had that skiing boyfriend.
What's the plan of this?
Huh?
Clara Fisher.
I don't know.
The remains of at least five centuries old and luckily all the ancestors have been to Quester
tribe.
The men explore one possibility they own in 1513 when he claimed the land for Spain archaeologists.
How do you like that?
So they said, but they're coming in and taking over Miami.
Well, I think they already had.
That's right.
Yeah.
So at least if they're laying claim to what all of you crackers get out of there, okay?
Because it's a Spanish place, no speaking place, a key.
We were here first.
There you go.
The idea of a crypt-like structure that's never been observed anywhere in South Florida
before said Robert Carr.
Well, did I mention that Mr. Horkheimer was on and see it in this morning?
That on the air.
And that who, uh, hair piece nearly fell off on one side.
And that was great.
I was waiting for that thing that I must write to call right down to her head.
Hey, Jack, you fare anyway.
Robert Carr, director of the archaeological and historical conservancy, bone piles were
discovered in at least five fishers on the former side of the railroad magnet,
maggot, Henry Flagler's 19th century rural Pama Hotel car set.
The site is near a burial mound that was destroyed more than a hundred years ago.
Two other burial boxes called Osuaries have been discovered in the area, but they contain
the remains of no more than a dozen people.
The tribe probably kept the bones above ground for some time before burying them in a mass,
scooping out sorely in the fishers, burying the bones and uncovering the grave.
Said archaeologist Ryan Wheeler, he said in terms of the rest of Florida, we've never seen anything that's been the same.
It's a very unusual motor of burial.
Well, if you ever went to Miami, it's pretty unusual.
All right.
Very stirrain.
Amit?
Yeah, it is a look of that cart.
What cart is that?
The one old lady about Fisher Island that got her husband, the WIOD, wonderful island of dreams and the, uh,
so syrupy and so saccharine.
Oh, baby, no release from hospital.
I couldn't care less.
Okay, if I never saw a baby, no more again, it would be too soon.
You heartless, and I'm not just bastard.
How come you don't see baby a little Ali?
What is arm is in limbs missing?
Is any bionic eyes yet?
Lucky Ali.
What's the biggest waste of money that's our pool for the weekend?
187 votes.
That's, uh, kind of weak.
Buying cigarettes 65 is tied with giving the church insoles at service 65.
See, I don't see why buying cigarettes is a waste of money if you're addicted to nicotine.
Why is it a waste of money?
To be able to say it but, huh?
Right? Because there's no buzz in it per se.
But that's not the point.
It's not a waste of money if that's what you like.
All of a year for expensive.
Multicartle.
Very.
When I do love those attending lessons for getting on the air, oh, it was a really great.
Multibandale.
Anyway, gambling 42, expensive wife's 25, getting married 18, expensive car's 17, having kids 13, eating all meals out of 12, buying designer clothing 10, giving the charities 10.
Extended warranties 3, buying health and actual foods of 3, sending kids to private school 3 and expensive restaurants find a got 1.
Yeah, I mean, when you go to the raw chowse, all of the don't have the raw or like samos, they don't cut their wags.
I still say like wags a lot.
Me too.
It's like I'm wagging it right now.
I'm going to take my blood sugar in your time, huh?
But you're wagging lots of things right now.
Yeah.
I'm wagging.
And your health is flagging too.
I can baseball.
They're wagging the signs.
Huh?
I forget what Nazis say that he's wagging the signs.
And it wasn't even the Indians who were playing.
Okay, here we go.
You hear that little beep?
Could you hear that?
I heard it.
We're going to could you?
Yeah, I'm going to hold it right up to the point when it bleeps out.
There you go.
Good timing.
Oh, no, you don't want to know about this number.
324.
Woo!
Well, I got a transposive.
17.5 times 18 is 270 and 236 is 316.
That was close to death.
I mean, you're y'all getting it up, man.
This is not the time.
At a time when we can have a hand to go, I thought my blood pressure was going to kill me after that.
Right?
Oh, I might have had another air candidate situation, yes, any morning at the Fort Lauderdale.
I'm not too sold on the airport.
I think they got some issues there.
They might.
Well, you know, they were still under construction up until the recent.
Yeah, they suck.
That airport, at least terminal four blows.
Piece of crack.
And there's too many flights out there to like Kingston and San Juan.
I mean, who do you want to go to Kingston, man?
Unless you're going over there to get some good stuff.
Who wants to go to Jamaica?
Good thing you make them on.
Like, I'm squeal of fortune to keep giving these trips to the Bahamas.
They have like a punch pad say Jack right in the face when he tells them that.
Bahamas my ass, man.
Jamaica my ass.
Jamaica's ass what?
In fact, I just remember that song by Harry Rellafonte.
Jamaica, comma, farewell.
Jamaica my ass, twitch.
Tag Robertson feels the wrath.
Right, Ellos Henneken in news there.
I better do the break first.
And we might actually sneak in a couple more calls between now and two.
I wouldn't make a lot of big bend on it.
Would you?
No long term plans.
I wouldn't be like wadering more than double digits, assuming I triple.
How many more calls will take this hour?
It's Friday the 13th and you people are under a lot of stress.
Even the lunatics out there having a really tough time of life today.
I understand.
I might have some more suggestions for this poll though.
I thought again I thought we had a pretty good week's worth of polls.
The audience didn't like any of them.
Oh, and you should put I hate this poll on there too.
We will.
Yeah, soon as Jess gets through talking to Todd and Keller.
Hey Todd!
You fairy!
By the way, that was real bad of you, Josh.
What?
Trying to blame him on Todd.
He was just joking.
Well who then wasn't?
No, it was Todd that was in here but he wasn't anywhere near the button.
No, I heard Todd came in there and opened it up and I'm...
That's him.
He wants some more airtime.
And then he said duty.
Yeah.
Well why didn't he say that I'm Mojo going there and punched you?
Oh, he will.
Well, or just punched you all the way up.
He'll put in the face.
Anyway, finally a TV experience like no other Comcast Digital Cable with On Demand is easy to use.
He has lots to love.
And today you can try for just $29.99 a month for four months.
Why is TV so much better with On Demand?
For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On Demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so.
With programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports,
home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more,
you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it.
And boy, I got a splitting headache.
And let's not forget about control.
With On Demand you can start, stop, pause rewind and fast-forward programs
using that remote control.
And you can't get all this with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on demand you can go to your own TV schedule.
What's not to like?
And best of all, On Demand is free with Comcast Digital Cable.
So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how you ever mans without a call today
and order Comcast Digital Cable in HBO and the Power of On Demand for just $29.99 a month for four months.
And date call 305 Comcast in Broward 954 Comcast.
Call for details, written restrictions apply again those numbers in day 305 Comcast.
And in Broward 954 Comcast we shouldn't have the Todd Dreck or Todd Keller or Tony DeCone.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
You queue AM with your fairy bill Cable.
And they don't come.
Any better than Todd Keller.
How it at everybody's head?
About the bed.
The bed is the bed.
The bed is the wind.
The bed is the wind.
The bed is the wind.
The bed is the wind.
The bed is the wind.
The bed is the wind.
The bed is the wind.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Boor.
Well done.
Good job, Kid.
Get it really beat.
You take the feeling up.
Okay.
I want to get a little bit that out again.
I love it.
Eat to these things.
118 at 5.6.2 WDQMI's Jan Jaris kills Neil Rogers right on the radio. I guess he doesn't want me to make it to my 30 if that's what it is
You know people paying ignorance all the time
But you've only ever been consistent maybe more consistent about that than anything else you've ever been about yeah about don't
Time me crap. Don't give me candy. Don't bring it around me. Especially in the middle of the show
You see when you're when you're eating under stress first or even if you're not diabetic
You've never eaten in stress situations because there really tears your cookies up
But when you're diabetic it sends you sugar soaring
You know and the last thing in the world I would think of doing would be eating some any kind of carbs during the middle of the show
I'd have to be a maniac to do that which is another reason that not being there is such a blessing a blessing a brocha
Mitsbee
Because you saw a number of times there that they would you know for a few go you try to walk into the studio out there
And they're on that table there to be all these bagels or donuts
So yeah, it's like a minefield man a minefield for fat people and diabetes people trying to stay alive
And you try to turn people away and they yell at you like you're getting out of my way
I'm right in here. That's right
So I don't have that impediment but now that I got and I the only reason I went down there and you know
This is because usually on Friday one of the new disc shows up every Friday
And so I thought well not to be kind of fun because the calls suck really really bad today
So now place some new stuff and get a few yucks on Friday the 13th and come to fight out no it's a package
And that's not exactly the package I hand in mind either
Believe you me
A package from a hell a package from
It's right a package for hell down here package from purgatory a package from Treblinka
Speaking of an Nazis Pat Robertson feels the rath rites Ellis Henneken in the news day
He says he must have been rattled by the recent weird weather
Maybe the Reverend Pat Robertson figured hell was finally freezing over
What else could possibly explain the headstrong televanuel is to apologizing to the family of Strykin is really Prime Minister Ariel Sharon
Robertson has said some jaw-dropping stuff over the past couple of years that the US government should assassinate the president of Venezuela
That God should take the lives of a supreme court justice or two that feminist and guise caused 9-11
But never until now has the cold-hearted God can't choose anything like I'm sorry Godcaster. I like that
Robertson's latest stink bomb came last Thursday
The wacky Reverend was in a state-of-the-art studio at the Christian Broadcasting Network hosting his popular 700 Club
That's when he looked in the camera and issued a stunning medical and theological diagnosis of the 77 year old Shiroon who just
Been struck with a massive stroke and was barely clinging to life
God was angry Robertson revealed and he gave the Israeli Prime Minister that stroke a real old testament smiting
How did Robertson know this why did God choose to tell him and what did this upsetting news say about all the other people around the world
Who've been stricken with strokes heart attacks cancer and other serious elements or fell down the stairs and died was God smiting them too
What set off God according to Robertson where Sharon's decision to evict Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip
Apparently the Almighty doesn't think the Palestinians deserve a homeland too
God has enmity against those who divide my land Robertson said God says this land belongs to me. You better leave it alone
Sharon was driving dividing God's land. So how God reacted swiftly with that life-shutting eruption in the Prime Minister's brain
Can't you just hear the God saying this land is mine remember that bad and who's that new Christian Minstrels wasn't
Yeah, it's singed out in school. Well, how sad no wonder that explains a lot
Shiroon's longest and diagnosed as was not with a predictable reaction
Why it's great division across political lines social to several conservative Christian leaders
Immediately disavowed Robertson's remarks even President Bush a longtime Robertson ally put out a statement distancing himself
And yesterday Robertson's assistance in Virginia Beach agreed the critics had a point
The apology took the form of a letter to Sharon son Amri it was addressed to Habasah hospital in Jerusalem where the Prime Minister still lies critically ill
polishing for homeontage
I ask your forgiveness and the forgiveness of the people of Israel for marks
I made at the time concerning the writing of the Holy Prophet Joel and his view of the inviolent nature of the land of Israel Robertson wrote
My zeal my love of Israel and my concern for the future safety of your nation
Let me to make remarks which I can now view in retrospect as inappropriate and insensitive in light of a national grief experience because your father's illness
It can try to clear. Jimin went on apparently was the problem. He apparently the problem was he loved Israel too much
So what changed did Robertson truly feel bad? Did his fellow evangelicals pressure him perhaps that played a role
But according to Max Blumenthal who investigates the religious right for the nation magazine and knows this territory better than any journalist alive
Something else could be a play as well at play
It turns out that Robertson's bank account not just his soul was on the line what I tell you the bad for business
The comments have created a huge upper or in Israel out of rages was the word that Daniel I along
Israel's invested Washington used the anger was so intense the nation's tourism ministry
for the unusual step of excelling Robertson from a group of evangelical Christians who are developing a holder land theme park in Galilee
It was a 50 million dollar deal 125 acres near the sea of Galilee close to the spot where Jesus has said to have walked on water
and fed five thousand with five lows and two fish
And Robertson's big my wife and just small portions and Robertson's big mouth had talked him out of the money
No one could say last night of Robertson's apology will talk him back in
But this much was certain hell will really have to freeze over before the motor a motor mouth minister apologize again
So what I tell you bad for business man. That's what it's all about
Diamond mines in Liberia just another crook just another tale a god squad crook
Just like all these religion is they're all a bunch of great robbers man
And I'll use suckers out there all you disparotos all you fools all you like this idiot. I have no right send him your money
Send him your case. That's why in our pool. That's right up there near the top biggest waste of money
Giving the churches and shul 70-ids one away from buying faggots
Man
How does that?
WQA in prayer line. Hello and dog show you WQA in hello
QA in
Neil yes sir
Man getting old to use that car in the president. Yeah, I'm probably easier
Neil give him
This guy that said
That bushes are Paris you think he's got a city one eye open now
560 705 60 pound 560 in the residence singular wireless line. I told you the chance to take any more calls this hour
Mm-hmm, but I never listen just like you told me don't open up that package
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Not lying. Hey, Neil George
70 Q a.m. Hello
I wanted to stay obviously 70 Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Any how are you okay?
Um calling you from the west coast and I found an interesting article late last night while it was online
I don't know if you had an opportunity to read about it. The state of Maryland had imposed
Any employer with over 10,000 employees to have 8% of the payroll goes towards the office. You mean about well
Walmart that is absolutely correct there. Yeah, it's on our website
I don't know if you saw it or not Neil, but it's uh
Maryland said an overrides veto on Walmart billets in my pile, but unfortunately
I haven't been doing my duty today and I really should have been a much better show if I'd have stuck with my
Agendence than having you talk me to take those calls. I'm sorry. I'll do it again till Monday
As a matter of fact you won't be doing it to me on Monday
I won't be here George to be on on Monday and then you can abuse them all you want
Uh, well, I never got to the old fourth thing with it. Uh, Faker James Bride. Damn it. I will though. I got plenty of time
Maryland lawmakers bucked a world of these states and public and government and nations largest retail
Yesterday voting to become the first day to effectively require that Walmart spend more on employee health care
In a veto reversal
I was closely watched nationally lawmakers in the Democrat led general assembly voted largely on party lines for measure that
Legislature's in more than 30 states
But third man
Considering replicating Maryland is not a shrinking violet no far from it since senator Gloria
Lala
Democrat a lead sponsor legislation which drew strong backing from labor unions and health care advocates
Maryland is a leader. Let us light the torch today. Let us lead so they overword the governor the Republican governor's veto
And they said to Walmart for them
I got that
By the way, uh, uh, uh, just just a little inside over the weekend
Even though I do have Monday off. I'll be sitting in the stories. Oh good
I'm sure George has pleased about that because even though a couple days ago I sent him about 800 night publics as profusely
But I got carried away. Yeah, you did too many, huh?
He said it was really speaking if I am sure if I have George do it
It's going to be like you're going to get like 200
You won't have time to leave the house
And I like it that way. Yeah, I'm gonna like
He's busy in the house anyway. Don't have to leave the house
It's true
27 past one. Well when he comes up for oxygen he can put a couple stories on there
Wait, we saw your state's speaking of that speaking of activity in the sack
We saw yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling 1 800 mattress right now
I think I'm having a hard attack just a joke
When if he's something that I quote down here and John juris would like for the rest of his life
Oh gee what a cinema candy yeah
God is gonna punish you, Jaros you not see
Nothing's got a bigger impact on you the daily health well-being and productivity than getting good night's sleep
And you can get one as soon as tonight if you call valumatris right now 1 800 mattress by the way
Remember bring any food by or not
If your mattress is more than 10 years older it's noticeably sagging or lumpy. It's time for a brand new one
Fuse from the complete line of seely and surra Simmons King Coral temper pita concerns and fostered
Valumatris takes aim. They orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers
And you still think that they into our liver window that's convenient for you when you want that mattress delivered
And they show up on time 99.7% of the time. I've been using dollar mattress for years. And if you're a smart shepherd
You'll do the same
So start the new year off with a great new mattress and dollar mattress
Don't put off getting a better night's sleep one more minute pick up that instrument right now give them a call tool free
1 800 mattress or lock under the website and do your shopping right there at mattress.com
dollar mattress 1 800 MATTR ES
Leave off the last is because it stands for sugar
Mix that in the new colors
This is $560
ра
To
road
Or bear
Hair
Hope
Jack
Hungry
Just outside
There
was to John Wayne, was Mary of his name was Mary of your
role from their mag Mountain to
pretty cowboy guys on saddles they come
Mountain with some out from astrowine
oh
oh
27.02 at QA and we have Molle Meister coming
up with two mad dog at hooters in the
pines before Curtis Stevenson and seven after that
uh... waxed TV or go out and have a good time
the man who caught Oprah this is on the
smoking on dot com where they exposed this a
figure this James Fry good
Oprah Winfrey's been had three months ago in
what the talk show host turned a radical
departure Winfrey announced that a million
little pieces off the James Fry's nonfiction
memoir of his vomit cake three years as an
alcoholic drug addict and criminal vomit
cake the years was her latest selection for
the most powerful book club
although silly as women out there with
the open nose a crap and she does
open those crap
and on a trover twenty six year when title
the man who kept Oprah awake at night
Winfrey hailed fries graphic and course
book as like nothing you've ever read before
everybody at harpo is reading it when we
stay where staying up the late at night
reading it we come in the next morning saying
what page are you on
an emotional Phil testimonials employees of
Winfrey's harpo productions love to the
book is revelatory with some choking
back tears when the camera then returned
away damp by Winfrey she said I'm crying
because these are all my harpo families
so we all love the book so much but a
six week investigation by the smoking gun
reveals that there may be a lot less to
love about fries weren't runaway hit
which is sold more than three and a half
million copies and thanks to Winfrey a
set of top the New York Times nonfiction
paperback bestseller list for the past 15
weeks
next to the latest Harry Potter title
Nielsen book scan reported Friday fries
book is sold more copies in the US in 2005
1.77 million than any other title with a
majority of that total coming after Winfrey
selection all those goose stippers out
there Oprah says go to the edge of the
cliff and stick your finger deep inside
your mask and have a good time and all
these women may as well and go to the
edge of the cliff and stick their finger
in each other police reports court
records interviews with law enforcement
personnel and other sources have put the
lie to many key sections of fries book
this is a very long story I believe I
put it on the website or maybe I didn't
because it's too long I don't know the
36 year old author these documents in
the view show a wholly fabricated or
wildly in bellasty tales of his purported
criminal career field terms and statuses
and all along one of the three states
by the way just speaking of that
just like that New York Times series and
diabetes I would have linked that except
you it was very very long can we just
put links to some of these that are
extremely long without having to put the
whole damn thing on there like in that
other form
well we could but what what's the point
you want to go to your site to read
like you don't want to have them click
you know so in other words if I have a
story it's like six pages long you
don't know what difference is made
no difference to you in other words
it's not a word for you I mean it is
but it's not you know you're talking
about an extra 30 seconds oh that's
all a minute but 30 minutes like you
said in that case you just wait till
this weekend you thought that George
was out of control this candy bar what
should be his 400 I'm starting to
tap out stories that haven't been
written yes I'm linking it and in
addition these rap sheet creations
fry also invented a role from self
and a deadly train accident that
crossed the lives of two female high
school students it what maybe his
most crashed flight from reality fry
remarkably appropriate to manipulate
details of the incident so we can
falsely portray himself as the
tragedy's third victim it's a cynical
and offensive for that's left one of
the victims parents be wildered as
far as I know we had nothing to do
with the accident said the mother
wanted it girls I figured he was
taking license he's a righty you know
they don't tell everything that's
factual and true fry appears to
affectionlize his past and propellant
sweet in the books already melodramatic
narrative and help convince readers
of his malevolence I was a bad guy
fry told me if I was going to write a
book that was true and I was going to
write a book that was honest then I was
going to have to write about myself
in very negative ways that's repeatedly
apparent is memoir which announces I'm
an alcoholic and I'm a drug addict
and I'm a criminal it's an incantation
repeats eight times during the book
always making sure to capitalize the
sea in criminal but he is demonstra
really fabricated keep parts of the
book which could and probably should
cause a discerning reader and win free
as I should millions of them fries
way to wonder what is true in a
million little pieces and it's equal
my friend Leonard when the smoking
gun confronted him last Friday with
our findings fry refused to address
the significant conflicts we discovered
between his public accounts and those
contain in various police reports
when we suggested that he might owe
millions of readers and win free
friends in explanation for these
discrepancies fry now a publishing
powerhouse replied there's nothing at
this point can come out of this
conversation that is good for me and
it goes on and I was going to like
for the whole thing you'd be in a coma
I'll just have a judge put it on there
the whole book all right
all I hear is one that I just want to
make sure I get all the ones in there
were important because you wasted all
my time with his great calls that's
right like like nine why would you
punch up line nine what would be the
point
hello and I am
hello and you yes
I am a long time list and I
moved up to Charlotte North Carolina
so I listened to you on your
podcast and thank you for putting
that up on the website all right
I appreciate that I'm serious
at some point if you could just
list how many people down
rather than a given day at the
interesting
over a thousand really yeah
yeah I mean you mean listen to the
audio from the show over a thousand
eleven hundred twelve hundred
that's great it just means that I'm
always a that day late in the
dollar short so I don't know what
we're talking about today but you
had mentioned earlier this week
you were asking for people who are
listening to how it on serious and
I do have serious and I listen to
them a little bit and it's
we made a big deal all the time that
he had to sit and read you know
live commercials and still doing
that yeah they have to fill in time
where they used to be commercials
while they're you know getting
their acts together with whatever
the next city is doing and they'll
spin record and use to sit and you
know pontificate that he revolutionized
radio and you know people are sitting
on spinning records while he's
inventing stuff and he goes back to
doing what and then say you're
all the man say your money I think
so I'll stick to the three
podcast on your blog is dot com
okay pal I have a great life okay
thank you so I'll be asking remember
coming with a luncheon or what oh
yeah you're such a piece game remember
you know I'm gonna be honest with you
seriously this idea that people think
it's cute and it's funny to make a
reputation is being achieved
it's not a fact I think it was the
book that Boka Brian gave me the
one about the voice over guy Paul
Fry right from Bullwinkle Jack
Benny on his show it was that way
that was his image that was just
stick you know about being really
cheap and and they made a lot of
jokes about that but in real life
he was very generous and that's what
Paul Fry wrote anyway all the people
have worked with him generous to
a fault good so it's one thing if it's
just an act and if it's just part of
stick it's another thing to be really
a chiefscape and always looking for a
handout you know what I'm saying
when you don't think anybody's
specific but this is Neil Roger
this is 5162.8
bang up and dig the deep into a
nostril for something green
welcome oh she's a no stick
she's digging down don't think
it at me
her thing is wrong now I said she's a
no stick big and deep
okay
you know she's a no stick
you know she's a no stick
you know she's a no stick
what brings them on to your question
everybody's asking all about North America
what can Brown do for you
one forty five you know I'm thinking
about that John Gerresting now stop
and think who who regime was he
apart from for many many years
right great read
and you know Greg call here last week
and give that sorrowful farewell and
thanks for the wonderful job and
but it moved but it moved but about
all other lies as usual
uh... inspired that maybe this was
like uh... kind of an assassination
attempt
uh... you know something like kind of
a parting
shot maybe it's piezo
killing with candy yeah well I think
so my sugar's actually down to three
or seven down to zero seven
that's not good but it's been
words it's peaked
and now it's lovely off
and i might live through the afternoon
but i doubt it
germany's cannibal back on trial for
eating internet volunteer
oh jeez
i wonder if you know it was relish
the retrial of a german self-confessed
cannibal is begun with prosecuted
seeking a murder conversion for the
man who killed an eight
and apparently willing victimly met on
an extreme fetishism website remember
that's great
uh...
in a lower case that is shocked the
country arm in news was back in the
dock after a federal judge dismissed
a january two thousand four-perchard
manslaughter
and an eight and a half year prison sentence
is too lenient
the regional court in frankford which by
the way is a horrible place
must not determine what the news committed
murder despite the victims reported
deathwish frankford is nothing but a
bunch of slippers
illegal aliens
cannibalism in itself is not outlawed in
germany
but if it can be proven that new is forty
four kill the satisfy
sexual desire to commit another crime
in this case disturbing the piece of the dead
he could face life in prison
out of the worst of disturbing the piece of the dead
takes a proper get back to sleep then
new is wearing a dark suit in a black dress shirt looking thinner than when
it was first convicted was led to the court woman handcuffs
what he agreed that is three-member
why hasn't been eaten of course he's better he greeted his three-member legal
team of the broad smile and handshake
cheerfully answered basic questions from the judge
then listened impassively
as prosecutor Marcus coer made his opening statement
the defendant stands accused of murder for a
sexual ratification code or told the three-judge panel before describing
the grisly events of a night march 2001
in which news a computer technician captured on videotape
a forty three-year-old Berlin engineer
burned your gun brand is made use after applying to an internet ad for a young
well-built man ages eighteen thirty for slaughter
burnt your gun
burnt brand is
he was one of more than two hundred people replied to the ad
brand is to let a wild bottom one way we'll take it to use three-book home
town of rotten bird
where his house picked him up at the station took him to his ramblin half-timbered
farmhouse
the two men had sex
and after brand is down sleeping pills and whiskey
use cut off the man's penis which they planned to eat together with fun it was
incredible even when fried
oh inedible not incredible inedible
after a while brand is became unconscious driven by sexual us he laid him on
a bench to be slaughtered coarset
use that brand is in that can hang his body from a hook on the ceiling of his
kitchen
he dissected the corpse slicing off thirty kilograms
about thirty minutes sixty six pounds of flesh which he's stored in a freezer
i hope they have my candy bar
he later eight two thirds of it often with the company when such as a pepper
sauce or wine sauce and potatoes
and be nice key anti-two
the case didn't come to light until the Austrian students found another internet
ad by music in new victims and we're alerted the police
it blew open the lid on an underground scene of sex and extreme stato
masochism
that the defendant told investigators is thriving
defense attorneys from usual take the stand at the next hearing on monday
told the court
their client had fulfilled a shared desire
this unprecedented action germinal history should be judged as killing on
demand defense attorney
walkie-mbramer said the crime that is punishable by a maximum five years in
prison
air brand is insisted on being castrated killed as soon as he was unconscious he
said
adding that brand is a refused medical help he was offered
uh... after his penis and amputated
to psychiatric experts have certified that music legally sane and criminally
accountable for his actions
state prosecutors argue that it is crucial justice system ensure that a
highly dangerous defendant is not eligible releases early a two thousand eight
a verdict is expected in march
ahead of the trauma use for the request for the u.s. in german ports
for an injection to block a release of a Hollywood film he claims is based on
this case saying the movie compared to this is retrial
uses reportedly working with the television production company on a documentary
about his life and probably beyond open for the sound
when some of my with a great new diet
and you went out there just run and get by the book
by the book by the products by the book
look what it did for that guy that uh... the dead guy
with those that uh... urbal life
oh yeah with those as the game of the big head of glossy a dark slick black
hair with a thing herb
herbal life herbell in case herbal death maybe to make the products all the
thing you can't from coke but it was a good product
that's what no one was a
a nothing like it's he says things go better with coke
what's the biggest waste of money that's our poll questions and for the weekend
four hundred twenty seven votes that's not to uh... it's okay
not sensational
we put the new one on one of the left and then
right at noon
giving the church is in shows etcetera on the don't do it this weekend when
it comes past in the plate around spitting it
puts them do to win it and anything
in fact you got dogs or cats take take some specimens to uh... shoulder
churches weekend
yeah and drop a little something to play
uh... buying cigarettes ninety nine that's the uh... to horse race right
there
and you know something i see it in the lot of similar here
people are addicted to a nicotine
people are addicted to religion
right
it's a crutch just like cigarettes smoking bag at something a crutch for weak
people
same thing with church
gambling fifty six now there's something as in two fifty six
your home of the general gamblers were proud of it losing a rassom we don't care
expensive watches thirty seven
i mean
there are a lot of people in the spend like ten grand for watching the leave it
in the house because they wouldn't dare wear it outside of that there's an
important function though
so the mother's know who to get leave the rest of us alone right that's good
point
getting married twenty three expensive car twenty three
having kids seventeen by designer clothing sixteen giving it's here at the sixteen
extended warranties fifteen
uh... eating all your meals out fourteen
thank
sending kids to private schools by buying health or actual food for
and it would get one of the way you know where that's that's correct
and they don't obviously don't know they think it's really good so expensive
restaurants to
so are you know we got a crowd that's a cut above and maybe that's why we got
all those restaurants sponsors on the show
this is new Roger
this is five sixty
eight
he
five
Tumbings in a
text
like maybe
minute
sisters might
alarm
When you're chewing on life's whistle,
Back, go up, give a whistle,
And whistle, help these turn out for the bass.
A, always look on the blind side of life.
Always look on the blind side of life.
And I'm over here.
The blind seems jolly rotten.
This can't be difficult.
And that's the belt, the swan, and the dance and sing.
When you're feeling in the dance,
That basically chaps just burst your lips and whistle.
Catch the pink, always.
A, always look on the blind side of life.
A, always look on the blind side of life.
All of this, for himself, and dance in the final world.
You must always face the burden too with the band.
Look at that, got your seat.
Give the audience a queen.
Its joy, its your lot, John, the air.
So always look from the bright side of death
I just think for you draw your turn in the breath
You fail
Love is a piece of s**t when you look at it
Love is a love that needs to get these truths
You see it's a wish, I'll keep on loving as you go
Just remember that the last thought is on you
So always look up the bright side of life
Always look up the bright side of life
Love is a piece of s**t when you look at it
Love is a love that needs to get these truths
Just remember that the last thought is on you
So always look up the bright side of life
You're the best thing that we're seeing now
Love is a love that needs to get these truths
You see it's a love that needs to get these truths
You see it's a love that needs to get these truths
Just remember that the last thought is on you
I'll keep on loving as you go
Don't give me your finde
Just remember that
Love is a part of the peso
This is WQAM with their fairy build come all and they don't come any better than Todd
Keller.
Bye bye bye!
