I'm Mark Morgan. Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M.
I'll have you know that's my very last
4
10 out of 2 at 560 I don't want to step on it. Maybe there might be a little
smirkle in there with a variant. Anyway it's 2 minutes after it's a Tuesday
September 26th. Those who are keeping track almost October already. Man are we
doing it or what? No. Have the trends come out yesterday and boy and man
the station is a number 16 and we're proud of it. I don't think have we ever
reached a depth like that? Oh I don't know. Probably all these is out and that's the overall
number for the whole week. Number 16. Our sports station, we're number 16 and we're damn proud of it too
by the way. Make no mistake about that. Here's our poll from yesterday. The
pollination I trust most is we had 1580 vote. By the way we got 873 for today we might
have 1000 by 11 o'clock you think. We might. Pollination I trust most is none. They're all
crooks. That was the correct answer. Very good. 553 almost 35% of the audience.
Much of cynics I voted for that and so did you. Yeah. Bill Clinton's 351, Al Gore 161
with or without the lock box. Russ fine gold 129. Bobby Graham 98. If Russ fine
gold just hit a more goiish name and they'd like him even better I think. Bob Graham 98.
Barack Obama 63. There is the dark horse. Not maybe not dark enough for some but probably too
dark for George Allen. Barack Obama. He to man. He's got 63. George W. Bush only 43.
2.7% for your fearless leader. The pollination they trust the most. John McCain 34.
I hate this poll 33. Rudy Giuliani 33. Elliott Spitzer 31. Next governor in New York and the next
president of the U.S. Ted Kennedy 21. John Kerry 13. Nancy Pelosi 11. Hillary Clinton only 11.
Solomon. They won't say not too good not too impressive. Arlen Spector's only got a pair and
Bill Fist has one. Nobody got left out nice go on Billy boy. See what you sell some of that stock for you.
Got a bunch of George Allen stuff 19 dead people in Afghanistan couple of roadside bombings any interest.
What's that kind of do with that big game in the Super Dome last night Neil nothing.
You know how many minutes I watched that game I would say a total of four total four not all at once.
I was because they're well the two times I turned over to it in an eights D no less and it was non competitive.
Maybe Josh saw some that you watch it. I watch a lot of it. Yeah video. Well did Atlanta miss the team bus or something?
They they looked awfully non-campus weenus to me non competitive. It just couldn't compete with the emotion.
Is that what it is put the emotion in the basket. Well thank god we got the Super Dome back in shape baby.
Man they're all whipped up and a new Orleans is back now. Well of course all those four sluppers you know whose houses are still in
tatters and all those schools and hospitals are still a long way from being open.
I would be surprised if that school in Iraq opens that school for hospital for children opens before
any of the hospitals in Orleans. You know the one that Laura's all excited about.
Oh yeah the one that's also the one that's right that's the one you got it.
See there you go being cynical again. People don't like that they want they want and I'm talking about me.
They want you to jump on that bad wagon. We love New Orleans. The Saints are back and we ought to be doing a
lot of things like that. The Saints are marching in stuff like that.
As opposed to all the reality of the truth see the public doesn't like the truth they like window dressing they like
masquerades. How about you if I refresh this then we got 900 votes under these poll already.
We do exactly 900 man. Do I know my crap or what. What was that promo that mad dog was talking about all the bird crap
on Donnie Cup. Do you hear that? No. He said six pigeons cracked on his shoulders. I'm like that.
I don't hear the promo. Well you better stop killing them out. You're going to be full of that.
Sorry. You're going to alien it's your fault. Now I'm beginning to understand.
That's it. Where your sales manager won't come around there and answer a simple.
I think that meeting is still in progress. Is it really for them? What a bunch of it's not so much a meeting as it is a seminar another seminar.
Seminar on what? I'm selling and how not to sell the midday show. Maybe they don't have a seminar.
Listen I don't know. I think the right people on that. Now I got extra I got all the
abbreviations yesterday I could use this joint. I ate I had a pint of great juries coffee, coffee crunch.
I'll sacrifice a go to that's what it takes. I was 196 on the scale this morning.
I haven't weighed that much in about a bit. In three four years I haven't weighed that much over 195.
96 and point four 196 point four on the digital scale on a way to the early grave.
Thanks to this play. And it just you know when you keep saying to yourself why what's the point you know just keep the checks.
I was I was shaving this morning I was shouting at the mirror just keep the checks coming in how would it really was.
I'm not joking. I'm not going to make that up. I was shouting at the mirror.
Well at least I at least I had a good captive audience anyway nobody's going to give me any crap.
I'm going to give me any crap. That's right. 901.
But you know Joe Bell's a happy camper. He's jolly. D'Rolly Joe and he's got that sales manager and he's got that big seminar going today.
He's feeding him some pretty heavy duty and of course once we saw that trend come out yesterday. Wow.
See the good thing about it is this outfit doesn't need ratings. They don't sell ratings.
They just they have 8,000 sales people and each one sells one spot. You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm. Then we're all said.
Well who has history been most kind to that's our poll today. Was that one of Sean's polls? Thank you Sean.
I already got tomorrow's poll ready. That exciting.
Who has history been most kind to it's a very well cited second day in a row. We have a well cited result.
Ronald Reagan remember him.
Ronnie Reagan for 111. We got 900 one of those. He's got almost half of them.
Nazi bastard. Now you can't say that about the guy that died. He had that Alzheimer's and of course he was you know win one for the gipper and won for the gipper and one for all those right wingers.
Well there's a little file footage of Osama and I'm in the payments of Ari.
No I'm in the payment. It's not got him yet either or mullable Omar. Reagan 417 Abe Lincoln 101.
Lot of rumors that he might have been gay. Well what's that got to do with the slavery?
See when you find out that he didn't really give it in by freeing the slaves then you find out he wasn't also great as they claim he was but he was a brilliant man.
Of course when you're that ugly you have to be have something going right like me. You gotta be brilliant like me.
The program's 101 came here to escape religious persecution and that was there specially religious persecution.
That's it including burning witches.
Joe Kennedy do huh?
It burns. Joe Kennedy the old man 72 and he was not a bootlegger. Well maybe he was. He was a crook though.
Joe Kennedy in fact that's one thing you'll find about most people and families were like millions and billions and billions you know really big money serious money.
Is that they got it like through a devious means.
Speaking of that Henry Ford who was a little anti-Somantic he had 40. Robert Lee had 40. Charlie Lindbergh 37.
If Nancy Grace would have just been around when Charlie Lindbergh killed that kid you know.
She would have put his aunt in the bed right here. Why did you kill your kid? Why did you do that?
Nancy disgrace somebody called her last night. I forget what show that was on she. And you know what really kills me.
Nancy disgrace somebody called her last night. I forget what show that was on she. And you know what really kills me? What?
Gravity. Just Jack asked Joe Scarborough you know on MSNBC I'll watch a little of him because he's on after Oldman and I'll flip back over there to see what crap he's spewing.
He's constantly ripping into her and rightfully so but who the hell is he to be talking about. He's full of crap.
He's full of garbage. And he's ripping Nancy disgrace and then they're whining about the fact that they got ratings over there on CNN headline news that are ratings what up 30% because you were still finding the interview with the woman that committed suicide.
You know that she was growing on a year. They're still exploiting it. See when a bunch of people who have no ratings start belly aching about people who do have ratings it sounds like sour grapes to me you know what I mean.
In fact pretty soon we're going to be at that category so let's practice. I hate this poll. Look how many people said that.
That's only 3.2% and that's because we edited late. I bad. Harry Truman 28 dropped that bomb. Harry dropped a big one.
Baby.
Hope pious to 1226. Never met a Nazi. He didn't like Arthur Godfried 12. I would say the same for him as matter of fact.
And that interesting the two of them are together. That's why they named it a street after him. I might maybe if I lived to be 200 which I doubt.
I still would never be able to figure that out one of the most virulent anti-Semites. Never hired a Jew on at Arthur Godfried show because he had the.
He was part of the Kennellworth hotel as well those restricted hotels on the beach. No Jews no blacks probably no engines.
Arthur Godfried got 12 so they named a street after him. Lyndon Johnson 8 and Henry Kissinger's only got three Henry you know something if they turned this thing around a little bit and be more accurate.
But I guess I haven't watched that DVD like we have about Kissinger. Right. And don't know what a butcher he really was.
Yeah well you know he was commissioner of the soccer league or something like that wasn't he Josh. Yeah something like that. Something like that some crap 925 votes.
I think I was right. I think we're going to have a thousand by 11 o'clock. Then he will share us. Doug Thompson's got a good article.
They guess what's about both your talent. Oh now even even worse than Bush as possible. In fact I was one of the Republican superstars on the horizon.
A lot of people talked about him as presidential material in 2008 and probably in the South there are a lot of people now like raise that fat flag.
You're going to be very disturbed when you find out that there are a couple of XM radio hosts joining in the Martha Swift voting event that's coming up.
Going to do an attack on poor old John Murther XM well what did your cast tell me it's a bunch of it's basically for red necks and guys that drive pickup trucks same difference.
I'm sure they like Martha Stewart and of course that new offer radio show. See that they viewed yesterday. No I didn't say that exciting or what huh.
I'm thrilled like I said take your radio and burn it trust me before it's too late. Come on it's past 10 a queue. I'm don't forget we got the mad dog it's who we got that great new lineup going now.
Take that trend and flush it down the toilet baby yesterday because we got a whole new bunch of that's right we got the Kenyan bow morning show.
That's our child. Then we got the mad dog it to the power hour.
Hanking the mad dog in stereo four to five and then the Humper solo five to six thirty because the marlins are recognized they're going to play out the string I guess you might say.
Reds are in town pre game at six thirty game time at seven oh five followed by the world famous Eddie Kaplan show.
The biggest name of best television's wheel roger for radio five sixty.
You a.
And I don't know down on my phone.
They're a legendary cop duo dedicated to cleaning up the streets of L.A.
The Jews have got to spin out no more than a Jews the Jews are everywhere we got to get some backup to take out these two movies did I choose it to go.
I'm going to do it.
Damn you joking.
We go weapon five.
This is your right you are right.
Those three Jews are responsible for all the world's war.
We talk about.
Reds act Jewish.
Yeah.
I'm gay.
You are?
Yeah.
Damn gay.
You.
Lethal weapon five starring no gifts and Danny Glover and the return of Joe Pesci as Leo gets.
Hey, Max.
Hey, Leo.
Okay, yeah.
God Joe.
You crazy.
Yeah.
God.
No.
Who is this going to be?
I talk to you.
I talk.
I.
Lethal weapon five no playing to ruin Mel Gibson's career.
Ten eighteen at five sixty W.
I'm speaking of bigots Doug Thompson writes George Allen's rampant racism a long sorted history.
And keep in mind is I'm reading this that I'm reading it verbatim it is a news story.
Got that?
Okay.
I got it.
Mark that down.
Put it on your wrist.
That's right.
New story.
Right.
Doug Thompson says in 1984 I work as a contract field consultant for the National Republican Congressional Committee.
Also as a writer for the Voices for Victory Program in the Reagan Bush presidential campaign.
During that time I attended a meeting of GOP political operatives in Richmond, Virginia.
Among those attending was the young delegate George Allen, son of the legendary Washington Redskins coach.
Who used to lick his thumb all the time.
At a cocktail party that followed our meeting Allen Hubble with some other Virginia politicals and GOP operatives
and discussed the upcoming presidential election as well as a field of Democratic candidates that at that time
featured civil rights activist Jesse Jackson.
You marked my words Allen said Jesse Jackson can't win in Virginia.
How he so far out that even the niggers won't vote for him.
A few shuffled their feet and looked away when Allen issued his racial slur others laughed.
While Allen may have scored as a first class bigot he failed as a vognisticator.
Jackson carried the Virginia Democratic presidential primary in 1984.
That was my first encounter where they racist named George Allen sadly would not be my last.
In 1991 while serving as vice president for political programs for the National Association of Realtors,
I attended a GOP fundraiser where Allen then running in a special election for the US House representative
was one of the featured guests.
As a representative of the nation's largest trade association in hanging up over within the country's largest political action committee,
I was often quoted by politicians wanting contributions.
George Allen was no exception.
I need your help and support he said Virginia's an old fashioned state with traditional ideas.
Just because we've got a black face in the governor's mansion doesn't mean the niggers are taking over.
Doug Wilder, America's first African American governor had taken office in Richmond a year earlier.
Some in the group laughed, I walked away, I don't like racists.
Against my recommendations the Realtors packed voted as a poor Allen.
I gladly left the association as part of reorganization to follow a year.
During my next 12 years in Washington I would run across Allen at one event or another.
I tried to stay away from my didn't like him and I still don't, but I also often found myself nearby
when you should long string your racial epipets, ethnic slurs and jokes that would qualify as racial harassment in any workplace.
It was not unusual to hear racial slurs at gatherings or Republicans many GOP events were all white.
Allen and others would call Arabs ragheads, Afro-Americans and niggers and homosexuals fags or queers is part of their normal conversation.
They would laugh at each other's racist jokes.
When Allen, another well-known Senate Republican racist, Montana's Conrad Burns got together, they...
Slurs would fly like confetti through the year.
So it comes as no surprise to me that Allen's in trouble again for his rampant racism, his incredible slurring of an native virgin of Indian ancestry at a campaign rally
was just the latest example of his routine and Calus bigotry.
Now Dr. Ken Shelton, a radiologist in Henderson, Bill North Carolina and football team-mate of Allen at the University of Virginia,
says in Salon that the Virginia Senator who wants to be president frequently called black people niggers and one stuff the severed head of a deer into a black household's oversized mailbox.
Salon says two other former football players at Virginia backsheld in the story but didn't name them.
Christopher Taylor, an anthropology professor at the Birmingham campus at the University of Alabama, was a graduate student at UVA in the 80s until the New York Times and the New Republic.
Here at Allen's comment about some turtles in a pond and say that around here only niggers eat them.
Shelton says, Alan, you only used racial slurs when the company of other whites at UVA or Virginia.
That's what I found true about Allen over the years.
In all white EOP enclaves, he would let his hair down because he felt safe with others who shared his racial bigotry.
There's an unspoken rule that if you want to continue to work in Washington, you protect those in power and you don't talk about their duty little secrets.
I no longer work there and I'm ashamed that I was involved with and helped protect the secrets of those who shared such beliefs.
Racism and homophobia run roughshod through the Republican Party and among the reasons I got out of politics and returned to journalism.
Alan Monday issued a denial claiming he never used such slurs.
I don't remember using that word Allen said in a carefully staged photo op that included black pastors from the Richmond area.
That word was not part of my vocabulary.
It wasn't that it hasn't been since then and it is not now. It's not who I was and not who I am. He's a liar.
Such words have long been part of Allen's vocabulary. He used them often and I and too many others have heard him.
I would swear to what under oath among the others is noted University of Virginia. Larry Sabato who said Alan used the racial slur in the 70s.
The fact is he did use the inward whether he's denied or not saboteur told MSNBC's Chris Matthews and hardball.
The fact is George Allen is a racist, a bigot and the spickable miscreant unfit-old any elected office.
Sadly, he's not the only one found in the halls of power in Washington. That's what your buddy Doug Thompson writes. It's a new story.
I hate it when he meant his words and beats around the bush. Yeah. That's why I love Doug Thompson.
He pulls no punches. He comes right out and sticks it down. Baby, he tells you just like it is. He is the best. That's why I voted for him. I pulled the other day.
Me too. All these pulls all the time. By the way, there's a great. There's a lot of good stuff on that. My space on our page. It's from you.
Cube! And you told me it was on Saturday Night Live, which I didn't know that. That's with Tom Brady about sexual harassment and workplace.
Well, back. And Tommy, first of all, goes over and he reads it. Well, the first they got that nerdy guy who looks like Robert Creeper without the glasses.
And all he does is just stand next to that chick's head. And she picks up the phone. And before you know it, there's the cop that rated regular.
Sexual harassment. Tom Brady comes by and squeezes one of her boobies and man she's smiling. You know, then about two minutes later, Tommy comes back. He's just about naked except for a jockstrap. That's right.
He's smiling, loving it and why the hell no. That's exactly how it works. Right. There you go. Sexual harassment is for other people. And of course, if you have it to be hot, then you know, like that. Don't stay away too long, Tommy. Kind of like that. It's cute.
976. I say by 1030, we're going to be damn close to a thousand. This is shocking. So they still have it at big powwow in there. That confad. I have no idea. Wow. We're like today.
I'm going to go back and start shaving again and yell into the mirror. But you know what? Listen, maybe maybe the meeting is about something like, oh, I better not start a rumor because then they'll be kind of like reverse of what that deal across the street.
You know, remember that somebody across the street was starting to ignore about how they were going out of business on a certain date and they were going to like hold up their tent.
Of course, they got that big kiss there in August. They got some myred diaries. I made a big trend in August. So maybe they'll keep them going an extra month.
But the plan I was trying to make is that generally what happens is that what they do when a company is ready to sell, you know, they load up the log with spots. They just load it all up.
And then they sell it. They get that building goose stuff there. You know, yeah, maybe they have an announcement in the sales department. No, it was another seminar. How do you know that?
When I walked by a couple times, it was obviously a sales seminar in progress. How do you recognize the sales seminar in progress?
Chris Jones is standing up by the leveling guy, a dry raised board, you know, doing 71.
Drone dirty pictures. You know what stick figures of you. That's over. I'm sure that. I know we want a stick in too.
I said, that's not how you draw on the idea. Let me show you. Yeah.
Now he's taking a page from his predecessor, man. He's doing the old, the old, you know, hit and run. Now that's fine. That's okay.
Like I said, I looked in that mirror and I said, Scroo, it's good. I'm a child.
Yeah, like that. You know, what? I don't know. I came. I got up early because I was too fat. And I shouldn't know. That's why we'll have an hour and a half early.
And I came in here. I listened about 40 minutes and it was sports and sports and sports and more sports. And we're just we're out of step, man.
Why don't you admit it when you're out of stepping out of a minute? The right. I mean, we didn't even watch that game last night. I watched about four minutes.
Now, at least Josh, watch some of it. I don't even know what you're talking about. I'm talking about the Saints and the Falcons, baby.
And they're the super domain. All the ins. It's on it right now. There you go.
Yeah, there they go. There you two was there and a body there. Huh? Green. Green day. Green day was there too. I'm excited about that. It performs together.
Oh, and there's the Saints going to touchdown that black punt. And I was getting after that. Might as well turn it off because I was the end of the game.
It was non competitive. It was boring. Yeah. Unless you're like all whipped up about New Orleans, which I never liked it before.
I'm just keeping a think about those poor bastards who in and then they show some of the neighborhoods, man, and everything.
All the garbage is still out there and all the crap, you know, but we got the superdoms on, baby. We got a big show.
That's what it's all about. That's what America is all about, man. The big show only Janet Jackson was there and even Justin Tinkerbell didn't make it.
27 after 10. In fact, what we're going to do is we're going to have one of these sales holes come in and give us a run down on the big meeting as soon as it breaks down.
The biggest name. The best talents for the business. Real Rodgers. For a real five sixty.
The issue.
Rodgers.
Well, come to the gay games. I love those running shoes. Oh my God. Where did you get those? We had a lot of events like the hundred meter pants and the synchronized assays.
I hold my win a gold medal. It's fun to it's the surprise. Let's go girls with everything you're kidding. We just adore the gay games. Check out a giant.
It's not the only thing claiming.
But at least sports that he say.
1032 or 560 W and the editors of the nation ride. Day Javu on Iran. I don't want to read all this depressing stuff. It's enough to make your blood. Your brains out.
Let's talk about the game. Yeah. Go ahead. Let's talk about Chris Sims and what a ballsy kid he is, man. Play with a busted spleen in the end of that game.
Isn't that what you were thinking about when you left yesterday?
No, he's talking to you. No, I'm actually on top of George, not you. I'm sorry.
I'm afraid about the game. He was thinking about how his team would be able to game there with two seconds left or whatever.
Day Javu on Iran. Here we go again right the editors of the nation. The cliches come frighteningly easy when one ponder is the recent efforts of the hawks to gin up the case for military confrontation with Iran.
Oh my God.
The playbooks from it here pump up the threat. Use the media as a conveyor and watch public opinions wing toward war.
A campaign of the sort has been underway for weeks in late August the staff of the GOP let House Intelligence Committee released a report on Iran that depricted as a pressing strategic danger.
Iran probably has a biological weapons program and likely has a chemical weapons research and development program.
It said more alarming the report stated that Iran was definitely seeking nuclear weapons and enriching weapons radio.
It can see that US intelligence lacked crucial information on Iran's WMDs but award intelligence analyst not to be whims in reaching assessments about Iran's WMD capabilities and not to shy away from provocative conclusions.
That is don't wait for hard and fast evidence before pronouncing Iran a nuclear threat.
The media coverage of the report was straightforward a bit too straightforward. Major news stories didn't question the reports assertion that Iran is producing weapons-grade uranium.
Yet three weeks later the IAEA, the International Atomic Energy Agency sent letter to Peter Hoastra, Republican Chair of the House Intelligence Committee criticizing the report for being outrageous and dishonest.
It noted that uranium for weapons must be 90% enriched but that Iran had enriched uranium only 3.5%.
The IAEA letter first reported by the Washington Post also to help challenge the committee's unsupported assertion that the IAEA has a policy boring its officials from telling the whole truth about the Iranian nuclear program.
The report was born of an agenda to whip up public support for military action against Iran. Its principal author was Frederick Flights, a former CIA official who would work for Hartleiner John Bolton at the State Department, nice mustache.
The report was not fully vetted by the intelligence committee before being released by Hoastra who in June was claiming that their head had been WMDs in Iraq.
But it was reviewed by the Office of John Negrupati, the Hawkes Director of National Intelligence, the Butcher of Honduras.
Pardon our suspicion, but this whole deal appears to be an end-run work as threat of Bolton, my keen on clearing the way from military action against Iran.
The obvious question is, can they get away with it again? In this sequel, the war advocates have another repressive regime to demonize and another proliferation challenge they can portray as a daring immediate threat.
Nightrider reports that CIA and Pentagon intelligence officials are concerned that the offices of Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld are receiving a stream of questionable information on Iran from Iranian exiles, Allah al-Ashmaj Chalabi in the Iraqi National Congress.
But the Nightrider report adds, as was not the case during the Iraq episode, intelligence analysts and others are more forcefully challenging claims they believe to be false or questionable.
And foreign policy, realists and return and currently serving members of the military are warning that with the Iraq falling apart, confrontation with Iran is not feasible.
At the same time, a European push is going to drop the threat of sanctions against Iran in favor of negotiations. That's good news.
However, the House Intelligence report shows that the Hawkes click is prepared to roll over analysts and experts who don't reach the desired conclusion.
And such the centers will not have the aptly named bully pulpit routinely available to George W. Bush, which brings us to the media in Congress.
Each will have to be far more discriminating and diligent than it was last time around. No automatic transmission belt, no rubber stamp, no forgetting.
How do you like that? Maybe that's the October surprise, but a big baby.
Where are we going, Tehran, man, with the six soldiers that we got left who aren't in Iraq?
By the way, you see, Keefstein is reports on the news, but oh bad news, you're going to have to go back again.
We're extending your tour until on February 25, 25, 2016 votes on the pool, man. I'm going to tell you something really...
I think it's end of the lineup, don't you? Sorry. We'll find out where the pool tomorrow. I'm serious. I think that maybe the audience is making a comeback now.
Because what could be more important than...
Spark.
Oh God! A thousand and nineteen votes. Who's the history of the most kind to? Excellent poll, Sean. Whoever you are. Ronald Reagan, man. Ronny is killing him. Too bad he's not around to see it. He'd be so damn proud.
461 votes. The first tool of the right wing lunatics, man. The same people that have taken over another... They retook it. In a bloody coup.
In fact, even what's his name? Well, they're pervert Moussierreff. He didn't know that he's easier coup in Pakistan than these guys. Ronny Reagan, 461, Abe Lincoln, 112. The pilgrims are 112.
Isn't that amazing the way that they like to dial up history, you know? Oh yeah, they always have. Famerized everything. Oh, it was so wonderful that came here to escape religious persecution. Right!
I sure they did. Old man Joe Kennedy, 77. What a thief. You think maybe God was a smote him with that stroke, you know? And he lived the last several years of his life like...
Kind of like a... Like broccoli, like a vegetable, huh? Like a spinach. Yeah. Like an E. coli, a ridden spinach. Robert E. Lee, 45. I hate this poll, 42. 4.1%. I don't understand that. What's not to like about this poll? Henry Ford, 42. Charlie, in bird 39.
Which one was the most anti-Semitic of those two? Well, that's a tough one, you know? Didn't Ford sponsor Father Cogren on a radio in the 20s that the virulent anti-Semitic people... Oh, I don't know.
Well, you were around. Oh yeah. I think they did. Well, Henry Ford. Anyway, Charlie, in bird 39. He didn't kill that kid. Well, he did. Yes it is.
Harry Truman, look at how many Harry's guys. Harry. Harry. And drop another big one, please. Pope Pius XII, 28. Arthur Godfried is still only 12.
See, I don't like... What am I going to say? I've just never been able to understand that. First of all, all the people I've ever saw Arthur Godfried on TV beside me and chicken echo all day anyway. Right. No one goes from Arthur. That's right.
I mean, if you think those old cockers on the beach have got computers that are going to vote in this poll for Arthur Godfried. Only Jew he ever heard in it was Holly Loki. Oh, he wasn't Jewish?
Lyndon Johnson 1100, Kessinger 8. Although he did fire a what's his name? Judas Larossa on the air. That was a real classy act. What a jerk. What a jackass. Fight him right on the air.
1028 votes, man. I think it's going to be pretty impressive today, if you ask me. I think we're off to the races. You think? It's possible.
Norman Solomon writes media tall tales for the next word, but I'm not going to read it because it's about the same thing that that article from the nation is I just read about our plan war with the Iran.
OK, but I'm not going to do it. I don't want to be repetitive. Oh, maybe I'll read that article again about your talent from Doug Thompson.
When I realized, you know, and the idea that he this is always the way it is like Mark Furman, you know, why not at least say, OK, well, I'm a good old war from the South.
We tend to use that word and I was bad. You know, oh, yeah, right. Right. Like sometimes don't use the N word. Come on. Politics is all about lying.
Yeah, but I think he probably the people that he's catering to, man, they probably would like they probably use it like every couple of months.
So you know, well, what do we know? What do we know about Virginia? Ever been in Virginia? I think I drove to Richmond once. I have to ride through Virginia to get to the property in North Carolina every time I go.
Because it's right by the border. And the first thing that you have to drive through Virginia to get to North Carolina, where are you coming from? Agra Falls? Yeah. I don't understand that.
The property, my property, is right by the border and the access road leads to the property from Virginia, the Virginia sign the border.
So you're like in the Northwest part of North Carolina. I mean, the Northwest part, that's right. And the first thing that greets you when you cross into Virginia is Christa's. Yeah, exactly.
Is that a not just sign that says radar to Tucker's illegal here, will confiscate a ticket you would beat you up? That's offensive to me. Because I have a radar to take.
Pretty offensive to me just to be in the neck of the woods, but then again, you like it up there. I like the right neck of the woods. That's right. There's no people.
Nice and quiet. There's nobody to bug you up there. I know, right? Nobody to give you a bunch of crap. Nobody to force sports talk. I knew what you don't want to hear about the game.
The game. The game about Donnie, call pepper. How many turgs do they have on her shoulder? That's a good line by the way, man.
Six pigeons that took a crap on her shoulder. That was beautiful. Not to say that he's a statue. You understand that he's immobile.
What a sack. 19 to 11 at 560 W. Kim your sports neurotic station. Maybe we're going to we're going to take the game where we're going to jam it on you throw. Trust me. Right now, let's invite you to experience the difference at Mercedes Benz of Pompo.
Mercedes Benz of Pompo is now under new ownership and new management at Mercedes Benz of Pompo. It doesn't matter what time you want to buy the vehicle, whether it's the brand new 2007 E class.
There are a lot of convertibles or there are large selection certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes Benz of Pompo, you have over 200 employees dedicated to providing comparable service like complimentary loaner vehicles and complimentary car washes too.
Be sure and browse their indoor expo with over 150 new and used vehicles or click on benspompo.com. Mercedes Benz of Pompo, they're open every day of the week for either open Monday through Fridays, 9 to 8 Saturday, 9 to 6 and every Sunday, noon to 5.
I've experienced the difference called 1-800-New Bens-B-E-N-Z. You'll find about I-95 in Copens Road. That's 1-800-New Bens for Mercedes Benz of Pompo. A Mercedes Benz dealer like no other in the universe.
The biggest name of the best talent is the Royal Rogers sports radio 560-AM.
Yeah, that's it there. How long is this going to go on? Seriously. How many false cues are we supposed to have during each break?
Yeah, what was that? False cue? False cue.
They won't say they're long.
At night my songs keep just from getting reared. At night my songs are played because they're different to each other.
At night my songs will try to out of your mind. They don't like my songs, don't like my songs.
The biggest name of the best talent is the Royal Rogers sports radio 560-AM.
Okay Josh, just kidding.
Who can play that game? Everything we got on now is got a false cue in the middle of it. You know that promo for whatever that show was?
I don't know what the hell is going. Then they got like three false cues in the middle of the real deal. So let me know which cue is the real cue.
Okay, the real cue in the real deal. 1047-1311-560-WDQ-A-N. Get on your toes now.
Just kidding. Liberal bloggers have uncovered a staff member to represent their Charles Bass Republican of New Hampshire using government computers to make fake posts on Liberal blogs in New Hampshire.
Remember when they discovered a New Hampshire that they were like tying up all the phone banks for Democratic headquarters?
Kurt on the Hill columnist Mary Ann Acker's authorized raw story to reprint the full registration restricted item below.
Well, we don't have to register. We don't have to like give him our shoe size or anything else. Here it is.
Liberal bloggers in New Hampshire busted an aid to represent of Charles Bass Republican New Hampshire was posing as a Liberal blogger on such blogs as Blue Granite and HO2 progressive and others.
Bass's office has a minute culpability to HOH and said the staff would be appropriately disciplined like Sean and Malay.
The onamed aid to Bass who like many others in his party faces a tough reelection fight was routinely trawling Liberal New Hampshire political blogs, calling himself Indian H and more commonly without the quotes Indian H, propending to be progressive.
Finally, after noticing that lots of things he said just didn't add up a couple of bloggers traced Indian H's IP address to the House of Representatives.
How about IP freely? And they thought how many offices in the US also be interested in one race in New Hampshire? The answer very, very few, probably, Solomon Te Uno.
Laura Clausner runs the Blue Granite blog and writes his Miss Laura told H to H the Cheon on other blogger, easily traced Indian H's IP address to the House server.
They could even see the searches Mr or Mrs. Indian H was doing together opposition research on Bass's Challenger, Paul Hodes and Democrats such as Hodes in Game Marriage and Hodes in Taxes.
The poser had racist spissions among Liberal bloggers after he pooped food a recent poll showing Bass tied with Hodes and suggested the Democrats didn't waste any time or money on the Hodes race and instead invested resources in other races.
How do you like that? Cute. Some more dirty tricks, more of the Karl Roby's if we can't win the election fair and square, either let's fix it at the ballot or find some other way to do it.
Fix it on the internet. Now let's see this looks like very from your handwriting, very, very chronic handwriting.
Michael Pittman twice convicted and suspended by the NFL for a spousal abuse and battery. And what does it say? What am I supposed to do with this?
There's just a bunch of little editorials and stuff like the O'Waugh.
Probably the here's President Bush testing the strength of the Army, 10 of the American Buckeners running back. Michael Pittman now sees pick it on your team now, Josh.
Well, just pile on because Michael Pittman twice convicted and suspended by the NFL for spousal abuse and battery.
No, yeah, I'm not reading some of this. And dirty stuff on here. Okay, what do you send me like that? That convenience store? I'm not reading that.
Okay. 1051 votes on the pull man. That is really impressive.
Newsweek features a losing Afghanistan in the international edition of the magazine. But guess what? Celebrity photographer in the US. They smeared it.
The US edition of October 2nd 2006 issue of Newsweek magazine features a radically different cover story from its international counterparts, according to raw story.
The cover of international editions aimed at Europe, Asia and Latin America displays in large letters the title, losing Afghanistan along with an arresting photograph of an armed Jehadi.
The cover of the US edition in contrast is dedicated to celebrity photographer Annie Lieberwitz and has demurally captioned my life in pictures.
Oh, the international cover story begins. You don't have to drive very far from Kabul these days to find the Taliban and Ghazni provinces and our district just over two hour trip from the capital on the main southern highway.
A thin young man dressed in brown and wearing a white prayer cap or Shmata stands by the roadside waiting for two Newsweek correspondents.
It is midday on the Central Afghan planes far from the Jihadist infested mountains to the east and west. And by the way, what's wrong with raghead?
Without speaking, the Sentinel Guides' visitor along the sandy horse trail toward a mud brick village with a side of the highway.
As they get closer, young Taliban fighter carrying a walkie-talkie in an AK-47 rifle pops out from behind a tree.
He's mainly an improvised explosive device he explains in case Afghan-RUS troops try to out of the village.
That's the international edition. The US cover story begins. Annie Lieberwitz is tired and nursing a cold and she's just flown back to New York on the red eye from LA where she spent two day shooting Angelina Jolie for Vogue.
Like so many of her photos, the sessions there was nothing simple about it. I talked with Angelina before the shoot, says Lieberwitz, who's famous for her preparation.
She felt like she was coming back from having the baby and she felt very sexy and ready to go.
There were 50 people on the set and racks of clothes from the New York Spring collections to be tried and styled.
The story ended that the US then goes on to discuss the difficulties Lieberwitz had in photographing Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' infant.
The international story continues with difficulties over a very different time.
In Ghazni and six provinces to the south and in other hotspots to these, Carzai's government barely exists outside District Towns.
Hard-core Taliban forces have filled the void by infiltrating from the relatively lawless travelers of Pakistan, where they had flooded the end of 2001.
Once back inside Afghanistan, these committed Yehadas commanders and fighters, aided by key sympathizers who had remained behind, have raised hundreds if not thousands of new local recruits many for pay.
They feed on the people's disillusion with the lack of economic progress, equity and stability that Carzai's government, Nate Owaspin and the international community had promised.
Nate Owaspin said the Taliban seems to be flush with cash, thanks to the guerrillas of lions with prosperous opium traffickers.
The fighters have paid more than $5 a day, good money in Afghanistan, and at least twice with the new Afghan National Army's 30,000 soldiers get.
How many thousand?
About 30, man!
So if you're living in the real world, like outside the US, you get to see what they're all really going on, and if you live in the US, you get to see more of Ranjalini again.
Right, right.
And Tom, the important thing is in other words.
Right, and Tom Kat, Kitty Kat, stuff like that.
Krap, in other words.
Here's that thing about the XM, and I told you I don't want to be on there, although the way things are going here, I think we have about another two weeks.
When you, based on the way things are going, what's the station?
No, no, us, the, and midday, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're
what's wrong withு the
And then we think so and then we think so and then we think so and then we think so and then we think so and then we think so you start to grow
out of the light of day. However, the swift boating of Americans for exercising his or her right
to free speech is just as important. That's why the upcoming events of Swiftboat
Representative John Murtha, which will be held on October 1st, has drawn our attention.
This is on the smirkling chimp. The participants are rumored to include the original
Swiftboating man, himself John O'Neill, that he's not been formally announced yet.
Best for truth is the front group sponsoring this little shim big, but now without some very
powerful help. Now it looks like XM Radio hosts Quinn and Rose, Jim Quinn and Rose,
Sam Lieutenant are joining in the Swiftboating fun with the added plus of politicizing our
national tragedy, 9-11, through the outreach of XM Radio. I've got to ask why I decorated
a Vietnam veteran and senior member of Congress is being swiftboated just for speaking out
and using his right to free speech. The XM Radio is sponsoring session event through the
publicized appearances of their host Quinn and Rose's quite endorsement.
Best for truth really scored on this one. By bringing XM Radio into the mix, the boot
worth of folks rationed up the Swiftboating audience quite a bit because nothing reaches out like
radio it says here. After all, boot worth of will get a much bigger audience with XM
to help, though they've only got satellite radio outreach. Not to worry, Best for truth has
got that cover too. Because Quinn and Rose is also carried by a clear channel, the biggest
radio behemoth of them all through station 104.7 FM in Pittsburgh. Others indicated host
on that station included Glenn Beck, Neil Boertson, Sean Hannity, as well as Raj Limbaugh.
Got the audience all say, Best for truth really knows how to pick him.
XM Plus third channel equals a huge local outreach, but it doesn't stop there. If you don't know
the history of the team channel, you might find this blasted at the past very educational.
You have to wonder if the advertisers on the Quinn and Rose radio show no they're helping the host
of Swiftboating rallying then click on the link. And if they're helping the host of Swiftboating
rally targeting a decorated veteran, representative John Murthas got a lot of support in the veterans
community as well as soldiers currently serving today. If you live in or near Pittsburgh, you might
want to call the Quinn and Rose sponsors and ask who would be interested in know how the affiliates
feel too. It says, I'm smoking chip by Tom Mark Taylor Marsh. I like that. XM. Good thing we
didn't get involved with him red next man. Because that's what it's all about. They want those
pickup drive and red next. I'm sure you don't want to have some fag old Juatheist on here,
talking crap on XM. That's for damn sure. 1056 at 560 WQM. How's that meaning coming?
Are we getting anybody coming when I run down on the big dissimilar? How are there
we've been sold or not? No. Come on. Let's go. Requiring my's want to know.
Thurs is all whipped up into a frenzy about. He says I think we're all getting paid off even Josh.
Oh yeah. I bet you're pardoned. We're getting told off. Oh told wrong. I wouldn't be the first time.
Over 21 long years I've been using drive concepts in my homes and wouldn't dream about calling anybody.
Also you ought to be doing the same too and don't forget your carpeting is even worse than your sink
when it comes to being a collector of germs. Man, there is schmutz in there that you can't see
with an A. Can I? You know in South Florida people tend to go a long period of time without
opening windows which breeds even on healthier conditions. All that stuff gets in there and it can't
get out. More reasons to drive clean your carpets on a regular basis and don't forget when you call
our friends a dry concept your carpet lasts longer because by having a dry clean it stays cleaner
longer. It comes out softer the colors come out looking brighter and your house smells
lemony fresh afterward. What's not to like? And don't forget they give you a written guaranteed
price upfront before they start doing their unbeatable job and now dry concepts is that a plan to
make frequent cleaning easier to freshen the cost of regular carpet dry cleaning. Guarantea you'll
never have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts. Call them in Broward 954 370 7778
and a date or Palm Beach column tool free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071
call a clean today entertain tonight with dry concepts. The biggest name so best talent for the
ool
Amonto to know which wells and smells.
All the time they're all for news, they can't get enough of you.
It's new week boys and not-see-re-mars.
They point the camera low when you're on a fun-to-show.
To see a fancy thing in a wall.
A prognosely bullet-dread,
Sermonizing in the rins, a poster child-re-publican crowd.
The media garsher's over and with a enormous family hand.
And the biggest that I'm sad for in town.
It's over to a 560 W.A.M. Dave Johnson writes,
I bet you didn't know Dave had a blog, didn't you?
No. Not that Dave Johnson.
Oh, this one's not Jewish.
I see.
Authoritarianism and theocracy bloggers are sounding a warning, he says.
Ariana Huffington writes,
Hurray, good for Bill Clinton,
he finally called Fox News in the right wing on their BS, right?
Well, sort of.
She says, I'm glad Chris Wallace and a viewers flying all over the internet,
but I really hope that the one person who's watching over and over again
is Bill Clinton.
And then on the fifth or sixth doing it might occur to him
that the more cover he gives Bush and his cronies,
the more they're able to increase in and transtere power.
Power they use to destroy everything that Clinton
purports to stand for.
Dave Johnson says, there's a fundamental point here.
I and many others think that the Democratic leadership
has profoundly misjudged the nature and intentions
of the conservative movement.
John Dean in his book,
Conservatives Without Conscience Warns,
that were witnessing the rise of an authoritarian government
and Kevin Phillips in American Theocracy Warns
that the current Republican leadership
is intent on bringing about a Theocracy.
This is not politics as usual.
This is what the bloggers are so shrill about.
In March, I wrote, maybe just maybe they mean the things that they're saying.
And I think this is a warning about the extreme things
the right is saying.
It is a big part of what political blogging is about.
So political bloggers are more elected than others
to be visiting websites and forums where right wingers
more openly discuss their ideas are likely to be listening
to limbo on others on the radio.
And what we're reading and hearing is frightening.
The things they're saying to each other are different
from what they're saying to the public.
The things that they're writing and saying are extreme
and violent and subversive.
It's not like what we as Americans
used to reading and hearing.
The things the Republicans are saying
and doing are so extreme that regular people refuse to believe
when you try to warn them about what's happening.
Bloggers are trying to warn the public
that what's going on in America is different
from politics as usual.
The bloggers have been trying to get
the Democratic leadership and the media to understand this.
We're seeing something new to America forming
something dangerous in democracy.
Depend on isn't swinging back.
When will the Democratic leadership begin to realize
that the extreme things the Republicans are saying
might be what they mean to do?
The signs are all around us.
Take it seriously, so they watch your backs.
Da, da, da, da, how do you like that?
And I think that fits right in with the Q&A
where what's happening here on this radio station.
And that's what you're back.
Zach and your front and your bottom.
That's it.
I'd have my eyes on the back of my head on my left ear
and one on my right cheek, one on my left cheek.
One on the bottom of my foot.
See, we make sure I don't step on somebody else's mess.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Some heavy duty crap.
What are you eating out by the way?
Bacon, tell me it's the how he's.
Mm-hmm.
Huh.
Well, I don't know.
We always got how he's to fall back.
I know.
The how he's to tell me it's better we love him.
You guys can just hang out at how he's,
you know, once we leave in a couple of weeks.
I don't know what you're laughing about, man.
You can smell it.
Oh, yeah.
Just like that.
That's why I just read that article there.
The timing is perfect.
You can smell it.
There's something in the ear.
A thousand and eighty five by nine.
I noticed Kenny didn't even mention we were coming up.
Do you know what set the end of the show today?
No, it did not.
Usually very enthusiastically stayed to for a meal.
You know, like, and this morning it was just like we,
you know, he's like back in Moa.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Mentem, I'm sure it was an oversight.
No, I don't think so.
You can smell it.
It's a scar, child.
You can just feel it.
A thousand, eighty nine,
oh, it's a napole.
Who has history been seeing it?
They're really, you're thinking,
oh, is it?
I mean, can't be a stupid guy.
I mean, you know my own.
Yeah, you think he knows he's being sandbagged.
Who is this?
I don't know if he's put it together yet.
I tried to warn them, but, you know,
yeah, but what do we know?
Right.
With the antiso force card anyway,
I'm sure Clarence is warned them and all those people
about us, you know, who has history been most kind to Ronald
Reagan for 93.
Boy, what a Nazi bastard.
Oh, you can't say that.
He was just a wonderful gentleman.
What a great actor too.
490 to vote 45 point.
He was married to Jane Wyman.
Another daiki broad.
Yeah, he blink in 121.
The pilgrims, 119.
You know, it's been so long.
Yesterday I was talking about,
what was the word deciduous?
Deciduous, yeah, very good.
And the pilgrims, now let's see,
with John Alder, was it Alan Alder?
Huh?
The pilgrims.
Katie Kirk, Alan Alder,
who are there?
Some of the other pilgrims.
John, Joe, old man, Joe Kennedy, 79.
I'm serious when you've been out of school for 100 years.
You remember all of that crap and names
that it was silly people.
John Aldrich, Henry Alder.
Oh, I know what you're talking about now.
Yeah, Alan Alder.
Yeah, Alan Alder.
Yeah, Alan Alder, that's the pilgrim movie I didn't see.
What are you talking about?
Joe Kennedy, 79.
And I hate this pull 49, 4.4%.
They see the hay mongers are coming.
Yeah.
Watch your back.
That's what Hank and salesholder this morning said,
boy, you wouldn't believe what's going on back there.
Robert E. Lee, 47, Henry Ford, 46, Charles Lindberg, 39,
George Belize, he killed the kid.
Yeah, I did.
And I read the book and I'm pretty sure he did too.
Oh, I read that book a long time ago.
I don't have time to read all those old books.
Again, I got new ones I got to catch up on.
And if I was motivated, highly motivated,
I would send all these new books I'm reading right now.
I got five of them going.
And I would send all those books to Eric to put on a website
to replace all those old still ones.
But I'm not going to do it.
I'm just going to stand there looking in the mirror, shaving you.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Henry Truman, 32, pulled that hat to camera.
What?
I'm just trying to see the mirror.
Good thing I didn't slice my cheek right off.
I was so animated.
Well, no, because I got up real early.
And I got on that scale.
And I saw 196.4.
And oh, my god.
That Ben and Jerry yesterday probably wasn't such a good idea.
And that was an all I had.
Oh, god.
I had like trying to think what they call this.
Now score cone.
Oh, I had enough stuff yesterday to sync a battleship.
I was so aggravated by the time I got done with this crowd.
But the thing is this place.
Good thing you didn't have a party cone.
I'm not a cone.
I've seen a few of those lately, especially here.
Harry Truman, 32, pulled pies to 12.
About 30 minutes.
30 Nazis.
Henry Kissinger, 13.
He's starting to make a little move.
He should be doing much better than that.
A butcher, a murderer, a liar.
A devious, no good.
Arthur Godfrey still stuck there on 12.
And that's all 12 of us who remember his ugly ass.
How white, yeah, how white, oh, god.
And the Lyndon Johnson, LBJ, only 11.
I mean, why would anybody vote for him, you know?
For after all the wonderful things you did,
you know, the Civil Rights Movement voting rights act the 64.
And then of course, light about the golfer,
Tom Kintin, which never happened in the first place.
And Ram Rott of the War and Vietnam through
and brought all those kids home in body bags.
I'll never be surprised.
And of course, it's widely now suspected
of having been behind or at least participant
in the assassination of his predecessor, but nevertheless,
you know, so he made some money in a radio business.
What's wrong with that?
That's what we're trying to do now, the beastlies.
That's why they're loading up the log in those other day parts.
So can he hate this now already, huh?
That was pretty quick.
The role doesn't hate you.
How he doesn't, man, he never even,
he never acknowledged our existence today.
I'm sure I listen very, very carefully at the SN.
He and Bo Camp are actually talking about something
other than sports to try to impress you.
I guess they're at the end.
Yeah, that was it.
It was for me.
Did you hear the end there about the spear
through the ankle?
I said it with a request.
Angelina Jolie and what she does is go home and wait for bread
and I'll, whatever the hell they were talking about.
And then he just zip right on.
Thanks for being with us.
See you tomorrow.
Just shine this.
We're used to that, though, Kenny.
Okay, we went through that for years, man.
Still managed to do okay.
A thousand and 97 votes, man,
by another flicker flash or two, we'll have 1100.
And people are saying, well, what does that mean?
That's what they're thinking.
Is there round of water cooler?
They're saying you realize Rajas got 1100 votes already?
Is that what you think?
What else do they got to talk about the game last night?
Even Josh would tell you right now.
There's nothing to talk about in that game.
What is there to talk about?
Now, there's one.
One, I don't think Atlanta showed up.
There were some guys and some flashy red outfits out there,
but that couldn't have been the Falcons.
Well, nobody was going to beat the Saints last night.
And yeah, and let me tell you, it says to me a lot about a quarterback.
You know, all this crap about Michael Vick.
It says to me a lot about a quarterback.
Now that I want to get sports intensive,
but when they say, if they can just force him to throw the ball,
we'll be okay.
The win to game.
In other words, he can't pass for crap.
Is what they're saying.
Isn't that basically what they're saying?
That's what they're saying, but don't fall for that crap.
Well, that's what they were pontificating last night.
Well, Joe Thysman can pontificate the audience.
Oh, you know something I'm so glad you mentioned him.
That's why I turned it right off.
It wasn't bad enough that there was no competition.
I mean, every time I turned it on, I was a wider disparity in the score.
But he just, he makes maddenes seem like he's got learned right.
It's, oh my god.
Jamma suck it in already, Joe.
Christ almighty.
And he did go to Notre Dame.
What does that tell you?
He's got seven strikes against him for as far as I'm concerned.
If he looked like Brady Quinn, I might, you know, but he never did.
He never even looked good.
Either always looked bad.
And he always had a big mouth.
And he's a moron, Joe Thysman.
And who was doing the play by play?
Don't tell me that that was the guy from ESPN.
That's Mike Turego.
That's the new Monday night crew.
I know, but it didn't sound like him to me.
It didn't sound different to you.
It sounded like he was in a phone booth or something.
Maybe he was.
It didn't even, that's the guy who used to do the ESPN games, right?
Correct.
Well, it is he is.
Well, what is it on that?
See, I'm so confused.
I don't even know what it looks like.
Mike Turego is black.
Oh, yeah.
He's like the colon power black.
No, no, wait a minute.
I'm thinking of Mike Patrick.
Isn't that the guy who used to do the games?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, not Mike Patrick.
Dan Patrick.
Mike Patrick.
No, Mike Patrick does the games, but not, not for Monday night.
Who used to do the games?
Who did Mo?
Oh, come on now.
Last year on ESPN he did the games.
He used to do the games with Tyson, right?
Okay.
That's why I didn't sound like him either.
See, I don't know from Mike Turego.
I don't even know who to hell it is.
He's terrible.
He's awful.
Get out of here.
He makes Mike Patrick sound like like Mel Allen.
Like Red Barber.
Get out of here.
He's terrible.
Week.
You know who he reminded me of?
I only watched for like four minutes.
Like I said, he reminded me of Rich Walls for the Marlin.
Very weak.
Week.
If you're going to be a broadcast, you're going to be able to project.
You can't be like me to cry.
It's a first stop.
What was that?
Speak up, okay?
And of course, that only accentuates the fact that Tyson is talking over all the time,
because you can't hear a poor Mike in a background there.
Get him out of the back of the broadcast booth.
I think it's a racial thing.
Now that you told me that.
Don't you?
They got him stuff away back there in the back of the booth.
113 votes, spotted, and look at that smart to head on there.
The future of Al Qaeda.
Now what's wrong with Rag Head?
I don't see anything wrong with that.
Now we put that in the same category with those other forjorative terms.
You know, like I have a soul of that.
And what's wrong with Fag?
I have no problem with Fag.
I'm an old Fag.
I know from Fag and Queer.
Hey Queer.
You know, like that.
But to put that in the same context like with the N-word, man.
I don't see anything wrong with Rag Head.
Neither.
And you don't have to be like an Islamic goofball to be a Rag Head.
You can be like a Shmata Head.
You can be, how's it going to you?
Sure.
The Catholic women wear Rag's on their heads when they go to Chouk.
And then of course, these old Getzkis, whoever they are,
they are the, I got some in my building, man.
And I, oh, you have no idea how hard it is to restrain yourself.
Because like being a Tarotter, you got to be very polite, A, and I am.
You know, restrain yourself.
I hope the people are like ten blocks behind me who aren't even coming in a building,
although I wish they would.
But the women that got the full, the full thing on, the full burka, man.
They catch just the little splits of the eyes.
You know, oh, wow.
And they're schlepping their 85 kids along with them.
Like, don't say random.
I have four 20560.
You A, A, A.
Al?
I hope they have been helping you today.
Hey, will you please be having a Bruce Blair Biggie?
We are having a sale on camera.
We have had a bar many flavors.
Yeah, my brain tells us not to eat a lot of them.
We are HG, HG, HG, HB, A, B, A.
I just keep making friends with the inside of the TK.
Yes, it's true, we've got women in bags.
It is only because they are so bad.
And you can play with groups of reactions on the girl who put a weirdo on the drinker.
We wish they were like our fool.
Yeah, excuse me, stop it, we're not looking.
Right here, up my beard, my face, me.
If you're excused in the eye, ready to see?
WWE putting on a stage, a season by HG,
KG provides us that world.
Rather than us混 single records.
Rather than us混 single records.
20 past 11 at 560 WQR poems.
This is the way the story gets.
And that is when somebody all over, you know, in the case of the parents like with the orthodox Jews and they make good little kids
With the beanies to school and everything and the other kids are gone.
Ha ha ha ha. Johnny's got a beanie all this name probably in Johnny, you know, Lenny. Lenny's got a beanie.
But in that case, you can't play in the kids. You have to blame the parents, but any adult who you know chooses to go out looking like that, you know,
Like Moe used to say to me. How in the hell if you've got to know if they come to work looking like that with my baggy pants, you know, right?
And then of course I thought to myself talk about the popcorn the kettle pink.
Man just that piece of his man. I used to like try to slide down the side of his forehead, but nevertheless.
You know when I I liked yesterday at two o'clock, I was thinking to myself, you know, and nobody will ever say that Chris Sims doesn't have balls.
Hope when I was shit, huh?
When I was shaving this morning, say I'm rich and scared to do there when I was shaving. What was gonna say?
Yes, you did.
In addition to screaming into the mirror there about this radio station, I was also thinking to myself,
boy, Chris Sims, man, he finished the game with a busted spleen. Didn't he, Josh? Yes, he did.
So anybody who's not, I wasn't thinking that at all.
And he said that this morning before he said that he hated us like poison. I think it's your fault, George. It is.
You always do that. You always turn everybody again. Like Moe, I didn't even meet Moe.
And by the time that I even got to lay eyes upon that creature the first time, you would already turn them into a virulent enemy on the wedge driver.
Yeah. Well, maybe you want to take up golf or to the tiger.
Iowa woman, woman finds drowned bat in T mug. Seager Rapids, Iowa.
A Western Iowa woman is recovering from the shock of finding a drowned bat in her T mug after she sit from the cup all day.
Oh, Jesus. Oh, that's good. Yeah, when you think that maybe you might take a look in it.
The brown bat about the size of two T bags
was found a few weeks ago by a 60 year old Woodbury County woman said chuck chip early and environmental director for the Su-Lan Health Office in Su-City, Iowa.
I knew the person so I knew it was no joke said, Chipotle. You took the call from the woman.
The woman who had a client who identified herself told Chipotle she found the bat when she was cleaning out the mug at night.
She said she put the bat in a plastic bag before learning the Su-Lan Health Office the next morning.
Oh, Chipotle said the bat was sent that day. September 1 of the University Hygiene Collaboratory in Coralville.
Result showed the bat didn't have rabbis. Thank God. Thanks God, man. Didn't have no rabbis. Can you imagine that?
State epidemiologist Patricia Quinzling said the bat had the bat been rabid. The woman probably would have underwent a series of rabies shots, even though the probability of contracting rabies would be low.
She might be feeling might. I mean, can you imagine even I'd rather not know?
Like having a big plastic cup of soda, you got the straw in there and you're sucking the soda out there all day.
Maybe it pays a little bit off, you know, little batting.
And then you open up the take the plastic lid off the top of your, and here's like a little brown bat.
The virus needs to break in the skin to enter the body since it was in Brockis, state public health veterinarian.
Mike Pentella program, Andrew at University Hygiene Collaboratory said the bat was the first for the lab.
We test many, many bats. He said, but none of the brown in a cup of tea before or in the tea room.
Have you ever seen a bat? Yeah, of course. Close and personal. I don't mean of course.
There are every. If we took a pool out here, most of the people in our audience would not would not say they've seen a bat.
Everywhere and every.
We've never lived years and years ago. Many, many moons ago. I guess I was in high school the summertime.
And my father had bought this small apartment building, you know, like half a dozen apartments and whatever.
And we were like remodeling something. I was helping out in the summertime.
And there was a, in one of the bat tubs in the apartment, there was a.
One of the bat tubs. There was a piece of cardboard in there and the cardboard was moving.
You know what I'm saying? There was a bat underneath the cardboard.
So to make a long story short, I went, I got a two by four and I, man, I'm telling you a hard to kill a bat.
You ever tried to kill one? No, I can't say that I have. Well, see, there you go.
I killed it, but more I'd say you keep slamming on it thing and slam on it and
then the name of the cardboard keeps moving around, you know, and finally Bob Bing, I think you have a one last good, good
still. And that was the end of that. Yeah, that was the end of my dismay.
I took off the cardboard and turns out it was robbing under there. Oh, that would have broken my heart.
Gary Hart says that I don't want to read too many of these because we're going to be
everybody all nervous now to start like puping up their back blood. Gary Hart, the October
surprise. He's a member Gary Hart, Donna Rice. I do. It should come as no surprise if the Bush
administration undertakes a preemptive war against Iran sometime before the November election
Gary writes, were these more normal times? This would be a stunning possibility quickly dismissed by
thoughtful people as dangerous, unprovoked and out of keeping with our national character, but we do not live in
normal times, he says. And we don't have a government much concerned with our national character.
If anything, our current administration is not to remake our national character into something
that's never been. The steps will be these. Air Force tankers will be deployed to fuel B-2
bombers. Navy cruise missiles ships will be positioned at strategic points in the northern
Indian Ocean. And perhaps the Persian Gulf. Unmanned drones will collect target data. And
Commander Teams will refine those data. The latter two steps are already being taken.
Then the President will speak on national TV. He will say this. Iran is determined to develop
nuclear weapons. If this happens, the entire region will go nuclear. Our diplomatic efforts to
prevent this have failed. Iran is offering a haven to known al-Qaeda leaders. The fate of our
ally Israel is at stake. Iran for assistance supporting terrorism, including in Iraq. And sanctions
will have no effect and beside their forcicies. He will not say and besides we need the oil.
Therefore he will announce our own national security and the security of the region requires us
to act. Tonight I have ordered the elimination of all facilities in Iran that are dedicated to
the production of weapons and mass destruction. And the narrowest terms this includes perhaps
two dozen targets. But the authors of the war in Iraq have regime change in mind in Iran.
According to Colonel San Gardner author of the end of the summer of diplomacy,
assessing U.S military options in Iran. To have any hope and success such a policy would require
attacking at least 400 targets, including the revolutionary guard. But even this presumes the
Iranian people respond to a massive U.S attack on their country by overthrowing the government.
Only administration inspired by pre-enlightenment fantasy could believe such a notion as this.
Embracing this reverie requires believing in the Iranian Ahmed Chalibi or perhaps even Mr. Chalibi
himself since he's been working both sides of the street in both countries for some time.
It doesn't involve much imagination to understand the timing. U.S. is poised without
taking racial regime change of its own in November. A political strategy totally based on fear can
offer a few other options to prevent this. Besides occupation by Democrats of even one House
of Congress in January would make this game more difficult when we would certainly hope.
Further time for a super power military conquest may be running short in the emerging
age of fourth generation warfare. The age of Western military ascendancy is coming to an end.
Rights Andrew Bassovich and the Boston Globe know when. The consequences, the sunny neo-cons whose
goal has been to become the neo-imperial Middle Eastern power all along will forecast few,
but prudent leaders calculate all the risk and they are historic. These include violent
reactions throughout the Islamic world, a dramatic increase in jihadist attacks in European
capitals and the U.S. radicalization of Islamic youth behind a new generation of jihadist leaders,
consolidation of support for Hamas has been on Al-Qaeda, and a rapidly spreading malignant network,
escalating expansion of anti-American sentiment throughout the world, including
the Democratic world and the formation of W.W.W.3 battle lines between the U.S. and the
urban Islamic world. In more rational times, including at the head of the Cold War,
bizarre actions such as unilateral unprovoked preventative war are dismissed by thoughtful
seasoned experienced men and women as mad, but those qualities do not characterize our current
leadership. For a divinely guided president who imagines himself to be a latter-day Winston
Churchill, I'll be a lacking ability to formulate intelligence sentences and who,
professionally, does not care about public opinion or or abroad, anything is possible,
and dwindling days in power may be seen as making the most apocalyptic actions necessary.
That's what Jerry Hart says. Yeah, what's all this he knows?
I guess not.
Now is that going to be going on all day? I mean why is he doing that?
Who's he? Who are we talking about?
Whoever the guy is that does our stuff there, our production guy, not Tommy,
but whoever that other guy is. He goes out of his way to make it like real-al-ass
force-rater, QAA, like that's the reason why, right?
The screen where my ass,
some others now, is it like a little red button you can push or something like a
how about a fart sound? How about like that? What are we talking about?
We're talking about the
stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
We're talking about the stuff that we're talking about.
77,000,000 strips.
We're going to go for a set of issues.
And wrap the shake and duck with 50.
We'll make a million pounds of our
kids have a nine-four-and-nine.
77,000,000 strips.
worry about between five or seven
bottles.
That's why we are talking about two
buckets and告诉 ringing the
ibupah,�� stop yelling~~
Get out from the back, get out the back of the
They just showed them little kids there in Pakistan.
They were dovetting man.
They were rocking for it in Portuguese dozens.
See this business about why you know those Muslims they believe they don't believe anything
okay their brainwashed they don't believe crap as far as all that business about you
know going to heaven and blowing themselves up.
Now this is how would we just say there's a little kids there like four or five years old
maybe less.
All right from the time they're old enough to like wipe their ass or yours or maybe even
before that and they're sitting there and they've got them all dolled up and those schmattas
and they're reading the same same sick crap over it over and over again.
Every single one of these religions man it's it's got nothing to do with education it's
indoctrination not education indoctrination brain washing okay that's what it's all about
look at that democrat the likely voters choice for congress democrats 55% Republicans 42
and there's Clinton with Charlie Rangel having a good laugh we too care about the security
the country well thank god for that.
Another exciting really.
Let them have it Baba stick it to them that fascist Chris Wallace how much of daddy's
just ping in his cornflakes you saw upset Melanie Julie considers herself a committed
Jew this ties right in with that stuff we were just talking about.
Look at that favorable ratings bill Clinton 60% George W Bush 46% remember they were
talking this morning before the show they were hucking about how other than other than
Laura Bush I think she's got like 61 or 62%.
There is no public figure in America they would hire approval read them.
Right I say let's get Monica back in there all she's not looking to good these days we'll
find some other slump for Baba and get it back in here again trying other eight years
what do you say sure we'll get a good one for it.
Melanie Julie considers herself a committed Jew but she doesn't keep kosher or observe
the Sabbath.
Oi the college student this is in the sunsend.
The college student has never had her bot mitzvah a writer passage into adulthood hey
Melanie you better watch it sweetheart it's going to be hot down there honey and she
almost didn't join a religious club at Florida Atlantic University in Voka because she
thought members would press her to attend synagogue to go to shul it's not about going
to church or temple said Julie 22 it's about being a good person.
I think you're a little confused honey good person when when the hell did that ever
interview any of it huh right.
Good by works along well catch it the kingdom I have it all out of the craft they always
give it a works along in other words they get a person and you probably go to burn
in hell but you can be a miserable murder if Hitler whatever something Jesus on his death
bed it right is Julie a walking contradiction wishy washy confused not who asked many
twenty something study show regardless of faith today's young adults generally don't
like attending traditional worship services where their numbers are down oh thank the Lord
alright and they shy away from labels increasing that identifying with no specific religion
or if they're Christian calling themselves non-denominational just like they show we
are non-denominational we're not Jewish we're not Goyce we're not Muslim we're not we're
not to anything we're just non-denominational like a lot of shows like non-listenable
or p-bishe a big important what we are now after Kenny showing us this morning 10 o'clock
I think he hates you maybe he hates me I don't want I can't lump you in this one's
me he's just really hates me like poison yet in conversations and academic surveys
generations X and Y still demonstrate an overwhelming belief in God and in interest in how all
things spiritual relate to their lives in the world around them especially since 911 and
again I'm going to ask you for the last time at least today what is all that spiritual crap
about what what does that mean you know people are people spiritual I beg your pardon people
hate labels so they don't want to be called religious they like being called spiritual instead
they have an overwhelming belief in God and an interest in how all things spiritual relate
to their lives in the world around them you you didn't give me no answer okay then he
may answer Josh no see he said and they're thinking what's this guy to do with Chris
Sim is fleeing that's yeah I'm so worried about him oh he'll be all right that's that's the bad
news is he'll come back in a few weeks is the bad news that I'm kind of happy that he's not
coming back no the bad news is he's coming back well many reject on when can we get back to this
story now forget about Chris Sim is let's leave that to the sports nerd guys Chris Sim is okay he
stinks your teams things let's face it they suck and I don't care what you say there are so many bad
teams in that league man it's it's a joke that came last night it's a then good thing they had
all that enthusiasm of the superdome and New Orleans so we'll put up about because other than that
man that was a piece of crap God but you only watch for a minute that's all I needed to see believe
you me non-copy's weeness man anyway it says many reject dogma and large institutions they're
reaching out for personal and can be waste of fine answers these 20 somethings they send prayer
emails look for love on jdate.com join smaller college ministry groups and help you learn
industry of spiritually inspired books movies and music spiritually inspired books movies and
music maybe probably just getting into some of those I wouldn't be such a heathen old bastard
and rotten hell yeah we could play some Jesus tins julie a theater and music made your
sins at a local temple although she doesn't regularly attend services there she considers
volunteering in her community her most important form of worship and that religious club Hillel
she's now its president for the second year in a row learning from a talented rabbi and making
friends she's learning from the reby about eighty learning what about eighty percent of college
students they believe in God according to a 2005 university to California study but more than a
third of adults eighteen to twenty nine don't identify with one religion in particular and
another quarter classified themselves as non-denominational christian like generic christians as opposed
to identifying with a group like back sister Methodist etc this worry sound like Tim Elmore
president founder of growing leaders a faith-based leadership group in Atlanta there is a huge number
who'll say I want a little bit of this little bit of that yeah it's like a smorgasbord
a rarer what's wrong with having a religious smorgasbord nothing a little bit of Buddhism a little
bit of Jesus and a little bit of soul where we just playing that the other day a little bit of soul
yeah we were they've been preached tolerance with a capital T so much that there's no critical
thinking going on Elmore says having an unexamined okinus with everything can be very damn it
there it is ok the music explosion baby and a medley of their smash one hit wonder
am I right far as other yeah but rather than moving away from religion Sarah quadri 22 of baby
that's with a cue believes that these young adults are moving toward God on their own terms
we want to know why we are praying not just pray to pray said quadri who is Muslim I want to
religious convention in Tampa and the majority of people were university students in the late
twenties early thirties and they were most the most intense writing notes and asking questions
there are version the labels is simple may need not see religions a tradition to cut and
paste from one generation of the next they see there's a personal relationship they
can take her to their needs to me religion is like a man made routines that early
phallic charity thirty three a christian minister is the young adults at a skate park run by calvary
chaplain for loaderdale plenty of people attend church but are they walking the walk there you go
if you're going to walk the walk top the top and squat the squat right right like this one
and enduring example there you go doesn't enduring example why to stay away from all i
crap trust me it'll rock your brain if you ever had one eighteen till noon at qa m
the biggest name so best talent is this wheel rogers for 205 sixty qa m
oh damn carving i ain't gonna work and no more kneel god
i've had enough of all the criminals buried there that's so far
that's the movie i'm getting tired of getting money away you have the christian
corporate or you can take your card and come and show
i ain't working in the heart
what i was a christian soldier of god
believer all these you all that time i followed every word of the scriptures written my
careers get squeezed say he's a powerful god and an all on one and a mighty way
accepted i'm a living when he must have been gone on a bus
been all the day take your card and show it
oh i ain't gonna work and then go walk
love that you're all right if you're with us because everybody else is wrong
i'm getting tired of watching people die in the name of a miserable heart
but take your card and show it i ain't working in the heart
take your card and show it i ain't working in the heart
we are chariots and italian for at this coming from you go hunting to want to start
we're good
what i'm back here with the slogan pony show again with homie karsa of course read the key
judgements on the n i e he read the key judgments on an i and they didn't give you all the facts
so they can give all the fact more of a dog and pony show more bs
least you asked a good question though what about you keep telling this speedness this craft
and we're gonna do everything in our power to help them eliminate the opium trade there i
poppy in fact what we're gonna do is give the Taliban another 25 million all right see if
they do as good of a job as they do the first time
never give them that check i do and then four months later about a bing well
one of those things man sometimes you think things people are your friend and they stab you
right in the old back if you've heard like that article i read that if you watch your back
Zach some real heavy duty crap going on in fact that meeting you were talking about today i think
it's no coincidence that you were so smitten by it they have those seminars all the time but
from all the day you took special notice of today not particularly yeah you know how you didn't
wasn't you like hyper ventilating about it Josh he's on the phone on the phone with what i have no idea
hmm probably making a bet again probably got ganks probably got him involved in all that gambling
crap yeah not interested in the gambling no good that's good don't be doing the overs and the
under is the ins and the out maybe a little in and out but not over and under play a little black
jack when i go to Vegas but that's better no slots no slots speak out of that oh and what do
I guess i don't have it i had it on the website though so i'm sure you've seen it because you
know those articles you scour them about how the um gambling people are like salivating now
to prospect again rid of jib bush yeah hold your breath what do you mean by that oh about getting
the gambling are you start with that negative crap again no wonder can't hate you like poison
no wonder now i think i think uh we've had a falling out with them we don't even know why yet
it's a spark out but anyway oh man it is a panic you know it's really something and what about oh
maybe because of those numbers those trends came out yesterday movie that's what that big seminar
was about you think it was just another sales seminar i don't think so i think it was right the
needle things on the chalkboard they're like Joel Feinberg should rot in hell stuff like that that's
what i heard that's what i just made up republican charlie christ you fairy needs democrat jim davis by
six points and latest unsentinel pool i'm a governor's race but undecided voters who favor davis
on kishos could grab the contest even closer it's gonna be nip and tuck baby it's gonna be
tighter than i wish is earlobe with about six weeks less than six weeks let's tell you know i
about six weeks from today isn't it today's the 26th okay what kind of calendar next week is the
second m.r. right i'd have to flip a page that's one the ninth the 16th and 23rd the 30th seven
six weeks from today only seven percent of florida's likely voters are undecided chris and running
may jeff cop camp hmm we get votes from 49% of those pulled davis and his running may dear old
drones favored by 43% other candidates in the race collectively get only one percent all the
words as you say i said cop camp oh davis a tampa congressman could make up grounds on christ the
states attorney general by stressing education themes to appeal the one decided independence blacks
and women many of those voters are leading toward davis' stance on public school policies and many
black voters the poll reveal her energized by davis selection of a lieutenant governor running
made who is black dear old jones there's no question that this race can tighten and it probably
will said poster del alie what if he's getting a hamid alie the real silver lining for davis'
that voter still more much about him his name recognition is low only 59% of voters overall said
they don't even have an opinion about who now knows the gym divers i know bush divers which
divers the mac davis right mac davi i don't like him at all man i don't like mac davis oh boy i don't
hear his crap god davis has a lot more room to grow for people to be in favorably once they view him
favorably they can turn into his voters and of course once the public finds out that charlie christ is
yay oh not mac davis oh
those potential votes can come from people like pull responded marcha suarez 44 a book of republican
was understood i like christ i tend to vote republican she says because they usually tougher but i
consider a democrat their tougher baby well they say they are they're macho said marcha at
the state white telephone survey in the sun sent a little merlin the buddha but a boop at the
web christ is favored heavily by republicans slightly by independence will be key in the final
weeks of the race independence comprise a fifth of the likely turnout and ten percent of them are
on the side the rest favored christ by six points black voters admitted to traditionally
lab with democratic candidates are about twelve percent of the electorate twenty two percent of
black surveyed on the side of the governor's race and women are favoring davis by three points
eight percent of them unsure it doesn't really give the a breakdown in black vote doesn't
the it says without being told by all does without being told by pollsters that joan daryl
drones is black fifty six percent of black surveyed said the more elected back davis for every selected
joan's by comparison sixty three percent of all they'll voters say the running rate selection
doesn't affect the citizen who cares who's going to be the uh... the running mate right who gives
a crab right but anyway they're all whipped up in a frenzy not that we finally get that fat ass
loser jib bush out there with his dysfunctional family and maybe won't be standing in a way of
everything that people vote for and want jesus god almighty one of those slots starting already huh
today is the twenty six of september what is it about forty years ago we had election and people
in broward said uh... yeah let's go for it and but a beep but a boop but a bop and beep beep beep beep beep
and yep but but and nothing's going on yet good godly slow as molasses man slow as that all
old bear bear remember bear bear i don't start out again we're out of the south stuff don't and
bear rabbit target baby again you're almost as bad as george alan gosh dang it almost
but not quite but who is not not anyone votes we're going to be close to twelve hundred by noon not quite
though if i'd have pushed it before i go to uh... the remarks by my brother fizm shuff
to do is a brother president and my brother my ass they hit each other like poison
always put in the finger of each other course most sheriff isn't a uh... unicael oil
students like homie cars i as the buddy like to be and we share brother isn't uh... one of the
uh... drug warlords in afghanistan but we share for his dictator anyway speaking to him
the u.s central intelligence agency member i had that article about the c.i.a. and the i s i from
pakistan how they're in bed together in all this other crap yes the u.s c.i.a. paid pakistan millions
of dollars for handing over more than three hundred and fifty suspected al-Qaeda
terrorist of the u.s. pakistan the president pervert misharah has said well i said he's
learned out some heavy duty crappler than surprise they have an off him yet
you know it yeah just wait the assertions come in the military rulers upcoming memoir in the
line to fire serialized in the times newspaper that's the brittimes who sheriff doesn't reveal
how much pakistan was paid for the three hundred and sixty nine al-Qaeda suspects yordid
should be handed over to the u.s. the newspaper said nobody hi ever that said payments are banned
by the u.s. government they're illegal but they did it anyway of course the newspaper however
does not print or quote the excerpts which make the allegations in response to your as
department justice official was quoted saying we didn't know about this it shouldn't have
in these bounty payments are for private individuals who have to try like to dog the bounty hunter
right for private individuals who have to trace terrorists on the f.e. eyes most wanted list
not for foreign governments pakistan's leaders claims come after he said last week that former
deputy secretary of state Richard armadage had threatened to bomb pakistan if it didn't back the
u.s. in the so-called war on terror in the aftermath of nine eleven we sheriff said it had to be
the most undeveloped statement ever made our relationships with international leaders is not
something we're prepared to talk about a CIA official told the times right we sheriff also
writes that he was so angered by american demands in the wake of nine level which he calls ludicrous
that he wargamed the u.s. is an adversary there would be a violent and angry reaction if we
didn't support the u.s. and i took from his book reads the question was if we don't join him
can we confront them and withstand the onslaught the answer obviously was no you want to know why
we would have bombed him in the stone age which is like about a half a step for them further into
the study that is correct he said that two days after the attack the u.s. impacted ambassador to
pakistan when the chamberland brought him a set of seven demands including blanket overflight and
landing rights and use of pakistan's naval ports air bases and strategic locations on the borders
was sheriff said pakistan gave no blanket permission for anything military leader also since he
decided to make the revelations to counter claims that pakistan hadn't enough to combat al-Qaeda
in the war and so it's like a blanket and shove it there's how many cars i'm in but i
beat but i think both countries another student see if either only three studios
or don't know at least you know who two of more anyone
so
and
this is at home and security tom rinj advising you to put duct tape on your radio when i raise the
morning color to bink for the neal rogers 12 to 1 hour
oh
take your clothes off you little shit
i'm gonna hold you down that i can do the things
thinking of a big roll of his fat
i
say
the
That's an eight to the shower now
We need to skate like a good towel
Oh, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow
That's an eight to the wall
Craig
Craig
Craig
Craig
Well, trouble three at five sixty
Well, things just ain't the same since Fat Boy aren't anymore, you know what?
I think that was the turning point
That's when we started going
Hi, Atari!
So, no two, come under the horse on the polo
Man, if that pole is any parameter, we're the hotter than a witches' nostril, you know what?
All right
Firebreath in the show, too bad Kenny has turned on us though
Just a spark show
Anyway, former NATO commander Wesley Clark told Kentucky Democrats yesterday that President Bush
has been there and remember Wesley Clark who ate all those meals at the Delhi Dead?
I do, didn't help
No, Cornish Health and they told him, I have another corn beef
He said that President Bush has been derelict and his duty is commander in chief
How about some good Kishka, man? I would do it for you, Wes!
Speaking of what gathering if they can't get Democratic Party's second annual family day event in Frankfurt
Clark said former President Bill Clinton warned Bush personally during the presidential transition about Osama Yamama
For eight months, Bush did nothing
Nothing, no plan, no action, no diplomacy, no intelligence, no meetings Clark said
Clark also said Bush has mismanaged direct and blocked efforts to impose accountability
No, the truth is the Republicans have got to stuck in a mess and they don't have any way out Clark said
Democrats have proposed turning over the country to the Iraqis and starting troop withdrawal this year Clark said
They also support stronger diplomatic efforts in the region and efforts to provide sufficient equipment and armor for the troops he be saying
Clark ran for President in 2004 said after his speech that with the elections coming in November
Too early to talk about whether he's interested in the 2008 presidential race
His appearance at family day began a two-day Kentucky trip during which he'll campaign with candidates for the state house and senate and congressional candidates as well
Between 715 and 1,000 people attended the event yesterday
State Senator Julian Carroll wasn't deterred by the weather which kept many people home
He said he used a farm-practic to plow through three feet of water standing in the floodplain between his house and the main road
You can see you can see evidence of it when you look at the mud right there in my leg, Carroll said pointing to a brown blotch on his pants
On now but there's nothing more dangerous than a politician with a brown blotch on his pants
Like this one great Britain and there you go I think that's where he got his
12.02 on a pullman it's pretty heavy duty if you're just joining us it's a very important poll you believe me now but it's a good one though from Sean
Thank you Sean who has history been most kind to rival Reagan 545 45.2% three whatever it is
Ronnie Reagan miserable and you know what's they ran out of that that Kiwi shoe polis that's on the universe on no more
I don't think he had no Alzheimer's at all when he came right out of the right out of shoe polish
Ronnie Reagan 545 Abe Lincoln 137 and wouldn't it have been something if Abe looking could have seen some of those Ronnie Reagan movies instead of that awful play
Maybe delivered no he probably would have wanted to die the program's 126 now who is it?
John Aldrich Priscilla Aldrin Aldrin or what is it Buzz Aldrin all of that now seriously who are the pilgrims give me some name I don't know well that's what I'm saying we learned all that crap in school
But you know and I see if they would have just had us rocking back and forth with our schmuffins on we'd have that emblazoned in our brains forever
Sure just like all these poor little Muslim kids man and all new parents out there that are inducted in brainwashing your kids with your own particular brand of poison and bull crap
Let me tell you right now don't be pointing at those people okay they're no different than you are they're just snappy your dressers that's all
Yeah but the Muslims are violent the crazy right uh-huh yeah that's what the Pope said for you talk about backtracking holy moly man all of a sudden the Muslims are wonderful he loves everybody
Oh yeah yeah right who the hell is he kidding this freaking Nazi Pope the pilgrims 126 history treated him much too kindly
Old Joe Kennedy 83 what a crook I hate this full 63 5.2% well I hate in the air I bet you can't even vote for that they hate you
What did you do to them huh you kept saying it was a sports show or something like that oh Henry Ford 48 Robert E Lee 48
I received it to him together not lately Charles Lindbergh 44 not not only a virulent anti-Semite you know it's really interesting I guess it's not all I'm
Interesting but well everything is relative you know I mean sure as you look back to history like Roosevelt he was a virulent anti-Semite
and you remember the ship to San Luis and the Nazi they they came from Europe and it were desperate right it was said not all I'm here and then Roosevelt said get out of here
Remember that right just like it was over there but everything is judged within its time like racist you know they're all racists everything was within its time
Which is an excuse for but that's just it was the it was the common practice you know like when George Allen was using the inward in the south everybody else was using it too
He just lies about it that's yeah it was in the right time yesterday right last week Henry Ford 48 Charlie Lindbergh who killed his kid 44 and then put everybody and then they killed that poor Bruno Huffman man that's bad they executed his ass I know that was really
I think was more guilty Bruno Huffman or the Rosenbergs or Molly Goldberg or the Builder Burgers Harry Truman 36 oh build a better burger that's what I'm working on Pope Pies the 1231 Henry Kissinger 16 should have a lot more Arthur Godfrey 14 he finally got a couple more
Probably some of the Orthodox and Lyndon Johnson only 12 spelled wrong by the way LYN the oh in but that's what happens when he given assignment to you know George
Lyndon LYN like in very Lyndon man with Ryan O'Neill wasn't in very Lyndon I didn't see it thank God I'm like I don't like Ryan O'Neill okay I saw love story it was pretty boring
Ray Melan was in it though he played ball hit a daddy you know how daddy's in those movies generally are at the bastards yes probably because it's true you know
there's going to be one parent you know the two that's in there real hard-hearted bastard it's usually the father usually yeah I can speak from experience and then again in your case it was both
see if you would just tell Kenny that maybe when hold such a grudge against you Ian Urbina New York time rights official is wary of electronic voting machines Urbina
a growing number of state and local officials are getting cold feet about electronic voting technology and many are making last minute efforts to limit or reverse the rollout of the new machines in November elections
when you vote this next month folks month and a six weeks whatever it is from today make sure you're voting on a good machine in fact just pretend you're in Vegas pretend you're in a casino
and say hey listen I want to vote on the good machine man once going to register the vote the way I intended not the way somebody else wants it some right wing Nazi
less than two must be for voters head of the polls governor Robert J. Erlich Jr. of Maryland this week became the most recent official to raise concerns publicly Mr. Erlich a Republican said he lacked confidence in the state's new $106 million electronic voting machine and suggested a return of paper ballots
that's what they do in Canada by the way paper ballots I'd like that good old-fashioned be you know what works every time and not only that but when you finish voting you know who you voted for
dozens of states have adopted electronic voting technology to comply with federal legislation in 2002 intended to face out old fashioned lever and punch card machines after that hanging chads crap in Florida after the 2000 election when Bush stole Florida and stole a country and stole our whole everything he stole it
but some election officials and voting experts say they fear that the new technology may have only swapped old problems for newer more complicated ones their concerns became more urgent after widespread problems
with the new technology reported this year in primaries in Ohio our can saw in Roy Maryland and elsewhere this year about a third of all precincts nationwide are using electronic voting technology for the first time raising the chance of problems at the polls as workers struggled with just a new system
I think there's a good reason for concern heading into the midterm elections had rich and select Democrat and former Ohio governor was chairman of a co-chairman of a study of new machines for the National Research Council with Dick Thornberg Republican and former governor of Pennsylvania
you have to train the poll workers select that especially because many of them are of a generation from this technology is especially a challenge in other words they're older than Mathew's law especially in Florida Mathew's law's grandparents are likely to be the poll workers for you
they slept them in they have to bring their walkers with a wheels on inform so they can get to the right spot
paperless touchscreen machines have been the biggest source of consternation and with about 40% of registered voters nationally expected to cast their ballots on these machines and midterm elections
many local officials fear that the lack of a paper trail will leave no way to verify votes in case of fraud or computer-fated
it's like when you go to the toilet baby you better leave a paper trail as a result states are like that guy with a brown blot on his pants
as a result states are scrambling to make last-minute fixes before the technology is got its biggest test in November when voter turnout will be higher than in the primers many races will be close and the threat of litigation will be ever present
Richard Hazen professor Loyola Law School in LA found election challenges filed in court through the 361 in 2004 up from 197 in 2000
what you have coming up is the intersection of new technology and an unclear legal regime he said we've got a clear regime alright it's a Nazi regime that's the problem a fascist regime
and there's no way to get rid of it because you know we keep them voting over here and they keep sticking it over there you know what I mean
what do you keep putting the point around one spot and they keep sticking it someplace else all the time
that's right just like Chris Jones there in sales 1225 votes on the pool I think we got a oh yeah we can do 14 today you think
sure that's how many listen to Joe's got over there mid days about 14
the biggest name so best I plan to all have it again
we're trying to improve the radio fight never again
I'm trying to hear about the most and what they've done they said fire to some churches they shot till the end
they say they're not really violent they say they're not really mean
all those Muslims are men and then it's just you then it's just you what did he say to make those Muslims all angry and act that way
maybe it's because he's from Germany
it dies to choose a little Nazis then it's just you now they're protesting in cashware they're all going insane
it's the profit more common they say the vote be paid
over the middle east they're burning up with you all those Muslims are men and then it's just you
all those Muslims are men and then it's just you
funny past no man he's back track and heavy duty don't tip down and mess red slippers that would be bad
I got a long commentary about Keith overman but I better not read it's too long
where he says Bush is a coward yeah textbook definition of cowardice commenting on Bill Clinton's Fox News interview
should I read it's too long I think you should read it
Josh yeah definitely
no wonder Kenny hates us like poison huh what's this guy to do with Christms and his spleen
aren't you thinking about that a lot who yeah I'm hoping that he doesn't come back yeah exactly you're not thinking that he's got a big pair are you think that he sucks and you know what you got a good point and his daddy you know something I think that I think that
to take that spleen out and stick in daddy's mouth shut him up a little bit man oh man let me have been posted
on the who's the biggest motorbike of all of them but they're all motor mouths Joe nameth John Madden who I used to like until this season
out of control that's what I say name it oh him also Joe Thysman but he should could sure play Joe Thysman John Madden
Denise Pogvan Phil Sims oh my there's so many so many college work ooh ooh evil there's an evil one
what do we got to get is he going to be out with Ira doing a basketball football segment pretty soon I would be good wait for it wait for it I'm sure it's going to be
sponsored too they'll be good at least they're selling something man see other 20 hours and I saw Michelle keep it up that way then that way we stay out of
your hair and you stay out of ours just keep the checks coming that's what I was screaming as I was shaving this morning of the mirror just keep the
checks coming leave me alone that's all leave us alone we've done our thing you know I may have done my thing 30 years now if we get like one
shares let's let them worry about the rest of the day okay let them morning show get a 10-year let the guys in the afternoon get the big
numbers in there the mad dog in the Humper let them let them hold up their end of it okay I'm an old old man
like Joel would say with a real sore back isn't sorry yet but once you know once they start to fall in on me depending
on who they are keep over minutes and now if you would have gotten me reading this I'd be done with it already so it's long it's too long stop distracting
the judge page after pay yet he's talking as Chris Simmons crack and trying to distract me about the bulk
campus has something about faggot a textbook definition of cowardice by Keith Oberman the headlines about them of course are
entirely wrong it's not essential that a past president bullied and sandbagged by a monkey posing as a newscaster finally
last back it's not important that the current president's portable public courses described his predecessors
who's thrown his crazed our tone should be crazed the nation's freedoms are under assault by the
administration whose policies can do as much damage as al-Qaeda the nation's marketplace of ideas is being poised by a
propaganda company so blatant the Tokyo Rose would have quit nonetheless the headline is this Bill Clinton did
with almost none of us have done in five years he has spoken the truth about 9.11 and the current presidential administration
at least I tried he said of his own efforts to capture or kill Osama that's the difference in me and some including all the right
fingers or attacking me now I had a they had eight months to try they did not try I try he said well we already heard that
still got the tape on it so I hear somewhere ask plenty of questions you didn't ask that did you tell us what the rest of the
church grace you lions sack you fox clunky doesn't it suppose it emerges years mr. Clinton has taken
forceful and trumpet actions for honesty and for us action is vital and courageous any of his presidency action
is startling and is liberating is any by anyone in these last long five years the Bush administration did not try to get
those some of been law before 9.11 the Bush administration ignored all the evidence gathered by its predecessors the Bush administration did not try to
understand the daily briefing entitled been law and determined strike in the U.S. the Bush administration did not try more over for the last five years
one month and two weeks the current administration and particularly the president has been given the greatest pass for
incompetence and now feces and American history rights Keith president Roosevelt was rightly blamed for ignoring the warning signs some of them 17 years old before
Pearl Harbor president Hoover was correctly blamed for not the great depression itself then the disastrous economic steps you took in the immediate aftermath of the stock market crash
even president Lincoln assumed some of the measure responsibility for the civil war though seven successions began as early as 1832 but not this president
the hearing blight and wine and bully at nearly every opportunity one with things someone else have been president 9.11 or the nearly eight months that preceded it that hardly reflects the honesty nor manliness we expected the executive
but if his own fitness of service of no true concern to him perhaps we should simply sigh and keep our fingers crossed until our grown up takes the job three
January from now see the right hand margins missing again on that hateful face well but at least it shot shortens it up a little bit after five years of
scrutiny even the most inarguable of facts that he was president of 9.11 he must be a summary responsibility for his and our on writing this Mister Bush is now moved on
mistakenly in without conscience or shame toward rewriting history and attempting to make the responsibility entirely Mister Clinton's of course he's not honest enough to do that
directly as with all other nefariousness and slime of this our worth presidency since James Buchanan he's having it done for him by proxy thus the sandbag effort by Fox News Friday afternoon consider the timing
I think I should break it that for his long man okay 600 pages on the on play the audio you could keep to it should we do that if you want to load it up during the
start all over again she would want that that would be more time I don't want to kill time okay I want to save the world okay you believe me no no I don't want to start all over again
that's a tune out that would be like putting on it then hurricane FSU crap you know something this I was just on him yesterday when I was thinking about Chris him is
a spleen yeah and this trend doesn't even reflect the day that we just we gave away the day we gave away we said that everybody else in the market who has a commercial radio station
here you guys go we're shutting off for 24 hours overwhelming of the audience has said are you people crazy a 24 hour tailgate party with those
off of her weekends lost the game anyway to like a marginal not a little girls team like maybe an adolescent girls team with that be fair
for FSU Josh a young ladies team yeah this year okay yeah pretty weak 24 hours and we're the keep in mind we're the bad guys
because we don't want to be a party to that crap we're the bad guys we're the evil the worst where the ones are always peeing in the soup
for us me you guys because we absolutely are hard asses and we refuse to go along with the program that's it that's our pose down that's why a couple of weeks we're all going to be on the outside looking in Chris Moore is coming back to do mid days in two weeks
the biggest name of the best talent to the basis real Rochester sports radio 560 UAM nobody's ever suggested that the attacks of September the 11th were ordered by Iraq
there's something slimy and sinister in business class yeah yeah we know something evil and venomous right we know something so terrifying yeah we get it
from 32 28 to 1 we got mad dog coming up to a clock don't forget that big power hour baby 4 to 5 mad dog and the Humber together in stereo
obviously that takes a big cheer you know Humber between 5 and 6 30 and we got the Marlins in the reds followed by the 80 Kaplan show that's our warbending lineup and don't forget Kenny and Boa in the morning who I hate
us like boys not Boa but Kenny and I know only you would know why okay anyway can I get back to Keith's article now do you want to play it oh no you tell me well how long it takes
to load this thing why is that why I don't like 20 seconds so in other words you're not going to plan well the reason I say that is because the right hand margin on mine and I don't have time to print this whole thing out against long
let's see how long it loads how long it takes how long it takes to load this long how long it load this is a great commentary and then against Keith Overman who is beloved by our audience and who does a much better job
reading from the teleprompter on the MSNBC that I'm going to do sitting here hunched over like some old you fag hunchback you know you're going to are you loading it yeah I didn't go anywhere before that they're going to take a look at Tom Brady during his
job strat on our my space not gone page so that's from Saturday at live how did I miss that must be old huh it ain't going to play so keep it's not going to play it's not going to play well
why not because it's a piece of you got some kind of a horseball computer there yeah well no it walks me to loads and software for a toasting it from so
oh my God after five years of strutting even the most art in arguable of facts that he was president of 9-11 a must be a some responsibility for his and our on readiness Keith Overman says Mr
Bush has now moved unmistakably and without conscience or shame toward rewriting history and attempting to make the responsibility entirely
minnest Mr. Clintons of course he's not honest enough to do that directly is with all the other nefariousness and slime of this our worst presidency since James Buchanan he's having it done for him by proxy
thus the sandbag effort by Fox News Friday afternoon consider the timing the very weekend the national intelligence estimate would be released and show the
record to be the fraudulent figure that it is not a check on terror but fertilizer for it the kind of proof of incompetence for which the
administration is high in his if Fox need to find a diversion and escape code it was the kind of cheap trick which would get a journalist fired but a propaganda promoted promise to talk a
charity in generosity but instead launched into the lies and distortion which the authoritarians among us attacked the virtuous and reward the
useless and don't even be professional enough to assume the responsibility for the slander yourself blame your audience for emailing you the question
Mr. Clinton responded as you've seen he told the great truth I'm told about this administration's negligence perhaps criminal
negligence about bin Laden he was brave and Chris Wallace might be braver still had I in one moments and all my credibility as a journalist and been
irredeemably humiliated as he was I would have gone home and started a new career selling seeds by mail the smearing by proxy of course didn't begin Friday
afternoon Disney was first to sell out its corporate reputation with the path to 9.11 of that company's crimes against truth one needs to say
little simply put someone they're enabled authoritarian zealots to bell sound Mr. Bush's new and improved history the basic plotline was this because he was
distracted by the Monica Lewinsky scandal Bill Clinton failed to prevent 9.11 most curious and in some ways the most infuriating aspect of this
slapdash theory including the right wingers who advocated tried to sneak into our collective consciousness through entertainment or
who stand by Mr. Clinton with a news conference have simply skipped past its most glaring flaw had it been true that Clinton had been
distracted from the hunt for bin Laden 98 because of the Monica Lewinsky nonsense why didn't some of these same people applaud him for having bomb bin Laden's
can't stand in Sudan August 20th of that year for mentioning bin Laden by name as he did that they were public
and senator Graham's of Minnesota invoke the movie Wag the dog Republican senator coats of Indiana question Mr. Clinton's
judgment Republican senator ascroft and Missouri the future attorney general echoed coats even Republican senator Arlen
inspector questioned the timing and of course were a true Clinton had been distracted by the will Lewinsky which hunt who on earth conducted the
whiskey which hunt who turned the political discourse of this country on its head for two years who corrupted the political
media who made it impossible for us to even bring back on the air the counter terrorism analyst like Dr. Richard Hass and James
Donagan who had warned at this very hour on this very network in early 1998 I was sells from the Middle East
who sought to attack us here who preempted the Minorra strangle us with a tribute that was all the Monica all the time who
distracted whom who did mo this of course where as inevitable Mr. Bushness henchman proved not as quite as smart as they think they are the
full responsibility for 9-11 is obviously shared by three administrations maybe four but Mr. Bush if you're not trying to
convince us by proxy then it's all about the distraction of 98 and 99 then you'll have to face a startling fact that your
minions may have hidden from you the distractions of 98 and 99 Mr. Bush were carefully manufactured lovingly executed not by Bill Clinton
but by the same people who got you elected president thus instead of some commendable acknowledgement that you were in
office and I live in and the last month before it we have your sleazy and sloppy rewriting a history designed by somebody
who evidently read the Orwell playbook too quickly thus instead of some explanation for the inertia of your first eight months in
office were told that you have kept us safe ever since the statement that might range anywhere from zero to a hundred
percent true we have nothing but your word and your word is long since ceased to mean anything and of course the one time you
have ever given us specifics about what you kept us safe from Mr. Bush you got to even supposedly target a tower
Los Angeles wrong thus it was left for the previous person to say what so many of his have felt what so many of us have given you a
password a month and even the years after the attack you did not try you ignored the evidence gathered by your predecessor you
ignored the evidence gathered by your own people then you blamed your predecessor that would be a textbook definition
definition Mr. Bush of cowardice to enforce the lies of the president necessary to erase the truth of the past
that was one of the great mechanical realities Eric Blair writing his George Orwell gave us in the book 1984
the great philosophical reality gave us Mr. Bush may satisfy this familiar to you as if his lately begun sound familiar to me
the party seeks power entirely for its own sake we're not interested in the good of other we're interested solely in power
power is not a means it's an end one does not establish a dictatorship to safeguard a revolution
let's make some revolution in order to establish the dictatorship the object of persecution is persecution
the object of torture is torture the object of power is power
earlier last Friday afternoon before the Fox Ambo speaking in a far different context of the closing session of his remarkable global
initiative Mr. Clinton quoted Abraham Lincoln state of the union address from 1862
we must disenthroll ourselves Mr. Clinton didn't quote the rest of Mr. Lincoln sentence he might well have
we must disenthroll ourselves and then we shall save our country and so as Mr. Clinton helped to disenthroll ourselves
and perhaps enabled us even at this late and bleak date to save our country the free pass has been with
wrong Mr. Bush you did not act to prevent a lot in night 11 we don't know what you've done to prevent another night 11
you have failed us and leverage that figured justify a purposeless war in Iraq which you have all too soon claimed more American lives than did 9-11
you have failed us into an Afghanistan and now you've tried to hide your failures by blaming your predecessor
and now you exploit your failure to rationalize brazen torture which doesn't work anyway which only condemns our soldiers to water
warning which only humaniates our country further in the world and which no true American would ever condone let alone advocate
and there it is Mr. Bush are yours the actions of a true American fairly a margin
did I really consider that half of the articles chopped off on a random I know I should have done it on what you call it on fire 5-5-5
printed it sideways upside down backwards you have both open you know and just use one for one thing and the other for the other
well I don't want to do all of that okay I don't want to keep both open how do you like that all right Mr. Smarty pants Mr.
computer expert pants are very smart well I saw the brown splotch and what happened you walk by that sales meeting this morning
saw Chris Jones in there but it would be but it would be but maybe he's one of your neighbors up there North Carolina he might be
could be down here now sounds like when you're kind of crowd 1289 we got man and of course like I said he's picking up right where's
the head of the board of directors like the hide and seek the show stick his head in like last time I told you
well did you chop it a little bit I didn't you want to put in the guillotine we're going to what we're going to do is we're
going to have the neo-ryrds guillotine if it was good enough for them frogs man it's good enough for us it was good enough to
chop the ranch when it's head up let's start chop chop that's right just like Moa we don't want to have that guillotine
a little bit sooner 119 about 1290 WGVA 12 what is 1290 1290 was at the JNO I think JNO was 1290 or was
wild boy those were the days 31 years ago man 1975 that year in West Palm Beach on never to be forgotten
do you know I broadcast West Palm Beach exposed baseball judge you know that I did not know that yes I did
had some pretty good interviews too for my sport show I had the Milo Hamilton in there despised by many I thought he's
pretty good guy Chuck Thompson the late Chuck Thompson the great Chuck Thompson the voice of the
worlds and Washington Senators 100 years ago boy he was good he was a really great
broadcaster Chuck Thompson see the good people are the dead people is not what the downbillon we said now do
you see Faso or I dream that no yeah you said that to me that was good huh yeah it's funny a lot of crying
very funny yeah I like that some some of the droppings like that the honey tune yeah and especially you ate the
own it yeah that I was a little confused about yeah I was Anthony and he ate the own
80 oh and why was a big big chunk big piece of cake well that sounds good
don't go today no unless it's meat cake eight my and I'm gonna sue these batches man 196.4 I haven't
weighed that much in years ages my weights days basically between like 188 193 which yeah
what you know it's not great but for me that's not so bad for a fat old a third I think one day you were 190 now
what did you drop like gain six pounds in a day no not this past Monday was 190 maybe you're thinking
last late last week no not this Monday maybe Friday hey listen I had enough yesterday to fill up a
bathtub okay including a pint of Ben and Jerry's coffee toffee crunch and you know something it wasn't even good
it wasn't even good it's that usually the way it works well I'm so depressed about this place and I'm
looking in the mirror and I'm thinking to myself stop already just take the paycheck okay you got a
my potty tree now they sent it early but now seriously did I told you back in January man you can't
fool this old queen I'm telling you right now I can smell this crowd from a mile away I know what they're up to
the best thing the best news that they can give you right now is for Joe Bell to walk in there at two o'clock
and say here's a big check for everybody Niels getting his buy-out we just sold the place okay good luck to
all you guys gonna pay off Josh on his contract yeah hey um Eric put that Keith Obram thing up nice
going Eric God bless Eric okay and sit listen to me bumble and fumble through in fact I'll even
watch it myself and here our real great he's got that great spent for him for saying I keep
over when just fabulous I never really I never really knew he had it in him you know it's times like
things that bring out the best in people that is correct these are the times that try men's souls what were you
gonna say holes oh 1243 at Q.A. and hey listen these are also like it's the middle of hurricane season baby it's
may only be September 26 but we got a long way to go we got all of October and in November so don't
count your chickens before they hatch it's time you took this dress and worry out of last minute hurricane
preparations with so many people get caught sure doing like during Wilma the hurricane shut-around
led manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters and on the provide with expert installation too
column at 954 237 70 83 and get the protection for you and your whole family that you ought to have they
feature roll downs accordions panels just let the hurricane shut-around let custom make even install those
shutters for you column right now 954 237 70 83 and get on your way to top notch protection the hurricane
shut-around led is family owned and operated they are licensed insured and they brought in Palm Beach County
approved they stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels cut to your
specifications are many for pickup or the liver and do you and like I said if you want to leave it
in a stall for you the public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted and when you call
our stop by be sure and mention old Neil because if you tell me the Neil sent you by you get a hundred bucks
off on a minimum order 350 square feet what's not to like hurricane shut-around led call 954 237 70 83
or just long under their website hurricane shutter outlet dot com
the biggest name so best talent this is Neil Rogers for 205 60
she am
and on this is jill ball in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil go on to make it look at he is a real guy co-customer not a paid celebrity so to help tell her story we hired an actual celebrity
Mr. Mel Gibson I was on my way to Sunday dinner with the family when I accidentally hit a cow
I wonder if it was a whole thing cow
hey whole thing sounds jealous I called guy co expecting to get a recording
but someone was there to help you know something Jewish cows caused most of the accidents in the world
I go got my claim in the works right away and I was actually able to enjoy dinner and the main course was ham
Wow to ham baby you know my father always told me not to talk to anyone and doesn't need ham
Dicco real service real savings really insane celebrities I got news for a man on your own kipper
I'm eating a triple bacon cheeseburger so I better lose that weight this week
young kippers what Saturday chavis I don't know Friday night
it's got to be a week after Russia's shot maybe it's got to be Friday at sunday
the Tuesdays of that's what we'll be seeing so if Chris Jones ourselves man
they're pop this in the door and you said what before you slam it real hard
well the show was in progress so you know so he came in and like you know he was responding my note
and I said why nobody said they are people are ice holes
yeah it's too late now for today anyway what it means too late
well you're not going to have a birthday here like a quarter at a quarter to eight this morning right
it's too late now when he pops his head in that's what Carol in King said too it's too late
I'm not going to make me play this is also say sweet seasons yeah all those things
Carol King boy she was always she had like a horse face she still is and she really
she made some good music though yes she does you can't make good music and look good too
I mean that's it is written so it is written I don't know who wrote it but let's face it
there aren't that many hot looking recording artists are there not a lot but there are some Shakira
and you're wow now we're talking should I a twain she and exactly you know she's hot
yeah she's good what about watching an acute see little Canadian girl
Avril Avrilovine I like John's Jewish to me yes he's not smoking hot
I mean what do these days she might make me I said singers
what what the long does that in her day maybe the singer like her sister's a singer
when I think that that was a shot I'm sorry Jessica hey listen I don't hold it
against her and I wish that Nick wouldn't have God who cares about him man he is so old man
now that I've discovered James Franco and I got on and I'm going to I'm going to what you know I should do if I had any balls at all which I don't
I would take that it's a set of like six DVDs that freaks and geeks thing I would take that and put it in the garbage bag
and put it down the garbage shooter I don't want to have it I don't want to be in possession of it I don't want to know about it
you could find it you warn me about that I didn't know from it it's it's exactly what it says freaks and geeks
I don't want to see a bunch of little Robert Grieber geeks you know plus he don't look all I couldn't there anyway
yeah yeah nine geeks God so anyway Christos pop this in there and said leave me alone
no listen here's my advice I'm I'm seeing it on the year not off here I want the audio I want the audience to hear it also go on record they're my witness
the next time that's right I'm they can bear my witness or bear whatever they want the next time Joe Bell or Chris Jones pops through
the door it says what's up just and here's the response Neil says just keep the checks coming that's it all right no complaints
everything is great okay everything is send station all right that's right just tell them all we're fine
don't forget last guy to say that was Dan Stewart all we're fine I can't believe he's dead why not I don't know he was a young guy sure happens to them too
how old are you saying was like 40 something maybe 40 something early 40 a little more than me a couple years wow
and now he's dead and that's because he came in here and talked that crap about Josh Moro there that's right look that good anymore
yeah and just like the same crap with the yeah like I told you about the Lord man's might in joke Kennedy so I had that massive stroke
although they still were able to fix the election in in West Virginia the primary is in the one Illinois in the general election
all those dead people are voting Chicago you do know that's how Kennedy got elected 1960 yes I did well good saw that movie and
but I guess not the Republicans are playing catch up boy and boy when they get even they get even an handsome a card dealership in Ohio
you see the Pope started a whole simmiss here now I wonder if the Pope eats carrots simmiss a carrot a carrot a carrot
dealership in Ohio has decided not to run a commercial proclaiming a g-haw on the West auto market a Muslim activist group said yesterday not a good idea
the Ohio chapter the council on American Islamic relations released letter from the dealership offering an apology
and saying the radio ad which had never been aired was a misguided attempt at humor we appreciate the dealerships constructive reaction to feed back about the proposed ads
said adnan Mirzara directed the groups Ohio's office we accept the apology and hope that in end of the decision not to wear the spot
so bring this incident to a close in other words please don't bomb us the statement from the dealership I'm not going to read the name of the dealership
in Columbus said a large number of people have contacted us a lot of them seen the humor we were trying to convey but far too many were clearly bothered by it
this was simply an attempt at humor that fell short to employees at the dealership said they had been dead huge with calls about the commercial
it also offered a sincere apology to anyone who was offended wow that great that's not counsel on American Islamic relations
Sunday had complained publicly about plans for commercial it said would have proclaimed a g-haw on the West auto market offering fought law
Fridays with sales representatives giving place sores to children oh no that's the great Friday as we got fought law
Friday when sales reps giving place towards the kids measure said the council would likely contact and either offer some kind of cultural or sensitivity awareness
training that that that law Friday how we can have that can we fat law Friday but I'm here and you're there
in which in this case is not so good I'm surrounded by oh brother you couldn't even begin to imagine I think there can only be
about 75 million Muslims here really about two block radius if they all look at your wallets is the person said I had a smirk
actually I was sure wonder what I was witnessing I do like that crap they literally for trying to take me back to the last time Bill Clinton famously went to the West
but there's a gene most oh brother she's the least with her big mouth like she's a real good one to be a making political comment here
hey she's a silly goose she's exactly what she'd expect for them to put on the air make no mistake about it they are evil
and the most evil of the most I will feel screwed you know what's really evil what what now the Chris Jones tell you about the new deal we got
anybody out there what we're going to do we have a new commercial package of two amp five seconds spots all we do is we announce the name of your business
like Ed Jones motors anyway or and if we got to have a lot of time Ed Jones motors in Miramar smaller unit than a billboard even
right so what we're going to do is we're going to take those four minute breaks that we have on the show which sets the limit thank God
if they be running like God only knows what and what we're going to do is we're going to each minute will consist of 12
five that's right which you multiply that time source will have like 48 five seconds spots
the biggest name so best talent for radio five 60s you am for Christ
could be wrong maybe I'm hearing things but I thought that after the idea there I heard start to hear some other crap
yeah must have been coming from the controller and we're something I heard it also what was that I don't know the spot you kept playing basically the next spot
the next spot just started playing the next spot from what you mean out of those 85 units we had that last break no the
neck the first spot of the next break oh wow okay let's get a couple of mile of the way here's a fact that says this year you on kipper
oh young kipper is they say nobody know what you say young kipur if you only like some idiot would say young kipper
oh get out here young kipper as in like kipper hearing kipper uh oh you know I don't like anything that's got the eye looking back
actually you know ruins me a rick Riley back action there was a horse the other day called back at you and he won
huh this year you on kipper is Sunday night slash Monday October first Sunday night sundown you on kipper
so let me starting at Sunday night you can start eating a lot of trieff they can double cheeseburgers pork sandwiches
stuff like that ham on rye not a rye ham on white bread with mayonnaise real trieff all these so all the silly crap man
right this is just tradition yes so is killing people tradition so is all that crap they're doing those madrases over there
and and were were we at one point in the led to believe that they were cutting that crap out yeah we were led to believe
well guess what they're not cutting that crap out the Saudis are still a promoted and the packies are still practicing it
and the kids are still a doveting back and forth and they're still a sniffing each other's uh
right there on the carpet there I got news for you man you got to watch what you eat if you're going to be like
I've thrown your ass up in there like that and also watch who's behind you real close God seems to be their favorite
and past time is thrown at carpet on the ground and stick in their ass up in there sounds like a some kind of a
yay exercise to me what would you think I thought that's it no good that post point to you'll draw you a
diaphragm if he ever shows up again I'm thinking got hijacked at pompino park I think that's going to be in the
fourth race tonight how many votes we got we got the twelve hundred yet it's a third we got thirteen holy
mulley we're going to do it again we are going to do it again Joel just to piss you off because we would do
anything to hurt your ass and I'm sure they're talking real heavy duty over there all we got a big
august man when our on fire yeah you know what happens to things that are on fire they turn to ashes real fast
you know what I mean I do 1336 yeah they get a burning desire 1336 votes
who has history been most kind to what is wrong with you people you know something now I understand
why people are filming at the mouth about this war based on a pack of lies how Lyndon Johnson could be in last
place I realize he was a late addition that's my bad we put him on this morning because you know I forgot about it trying to anyway how
could he be in last place because I spelled it wrong all the all those hours no it's a what's his name Eric whatever his name is
Eric came here rescue they're a corrected you just like he corrected nope yesterday the none nope rhymes with
rope history's been kind of to Ronnie Reagan 606 oh they left the middle six out so far he was the
Andy Christ that's what Jane Lyman said Abe Lincoln 142 freed the slaves but he couldn't
to care less the program's 139 Joe Kennedy 88 in fact if the southerners like George Allen if they would have
just said well can't we keep the slaves we won't just see but we still want to keep the slaves okay how's that deal no deal
Joe Kennedy 88 old piece of turd joke a evil evil crook I hate this poll 82 6.1% they're full I hate I think Kenny put him on to us
Robert E. Lee 55 Henry 451 Charles Lindberg lucky Lindberg 46 like the dog name lucky you know with one eye no legs
Harry Truman 40 Pope Pius the 12 36 Nazi lover just like the current Pope all about a lot of take it back he was a Nazi lover the
current Pope is just a Nazi Henry Kishm you're speaking of Jewish Nazis 19 Arthur Godfrey 17 why tell you what the
Arthur Godfrey wouldn't like Henry Kishm you know way he would not hurt him to do anything even to eat that
damn soup maybe I could and Lyndon Johnson 15 last place out of 1337 we're going to go over 1400 but these people
you better start brushing up on your history mister because LBJ was an evil door he was evil man nasty evil rotten
lion 58,000 kids came home in body bags and of course that not even to mention all the other thousands if you saw
board on the 4th of July who came home missing body parts like the ones we have now they keep talking about the 20 what is it 2701 is the
up to date a figure dead in Iraq American soldiers right talking about that what about the 20,000 injured many of whom have
a busy body parts who did the easily just lightly and right out of the car so there's a lightly killed right by those roadside bombs
Katrina vandered hovel from the nation rights I haven't read one of her pieces in a long time have a
decision read the rest of the year I'll tell you that two weeks they bring in Chris more back to do a sports show midday
Chris and the booster not so I boosters crack Chris and Joseph Gackie now we're talking
to the guy he sucks okay okay I miss Joseph Gackie look here I'm doing some of them hurricane games you missed him now let's see who's I'm just joking who's going to be on this weekend I
hope they plan hurricanes and they can't have another pass you know they can't keep hiding forever like our sales manager who are they playing this
week playing Houston but I thought the dolphins are playing Houston that's right what a coin key didn't you mean to say that both of the
teams are playing little girls teams that's right get out of here hey listen for the hurricanes yeah that's true
any anything could be dangerous I get now when's the BCC game last game of the year yeah and then that that follows the
Miami Day game and they actually are yeah playing F.I.U. the fact that they're playing F.I.U. in football you know it's so unbelievable it's just
a lot of how can they get away with this crap you know everybody takes it like so seriously and let's look at the
ratings and who's how can you look at rankings when have it he's playing little girls teams have at the
time and then they lose at least they don't choke up a big lead like the Spartans there we don't
don't care about that Michigan state I've been telling that for years it's always good excuse we don't care about it
and it goes you yeah the devil and Mr. Bush back between don't start with that sports stuff now and by the way you
better start looking at mirror and start thinking about Christms and what a really macho guy he is played a rest of that game
without a spleen but a spleen all spleen is split up just like Nick alive or she's for the least years ago that is
spleen punctured during a hockey game finished the damn game how do you like that little Nick alive or she's came up to
Georgia's knee can I read this article or what please but we need to talk a lot more about sports you were saying
that this morning actually what you were saying this morning that we really need to discuss on the air was it was it was
just so perfect about your early days and not in that building but in the original but the first week with this
if the audience could just relate to it could just could just understand it would be like if you walk up on
a new inside barrier and everybody can rush and you know sure we don't speak your language we speak
sports anyway Katrina Vanhover the devil and Mr. Bush love him hate him fear him we might
revere him Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez is an elected world leader whose fiery criticism of US foreign policy
can't simply be ignored or ridiculed maybe Chavez did himself his larger alternative agenda and his
country in the service by treating the when podium as the set of his weekly TV show at home here's the devil is
Mr. Bush riff and obviously allegorical one of the S may deliver with an actor dramatic flare and a good deal of humor
wrist rounding out other important messages he did deliver for example how many know they laid out an innovative
four point program to renew and reform the UN and spoke eloquently about how and why this era is giving birth to a heart
for sure the speech was far from the model of diplomatic rhetoric but that didn't seem to bother the scores of experience
delegate diplomats in the hall who greeted Chavez and speech with wild applause when Bush spoke the name before the general
assemblies all sounded like a morgue that reaction as an incisive Washington post-article points out shows that Chavez is
words while harsh in many ways nearly expressed in bolder terms for a number of other world leaders and foreign
diplomats believe more over to be fair how much diplomatic tact is Chavez owed to a president who is a
administration supported a coup against him instead of trying to understand why Chavez said what he did and how it
played in Latin American other parts of the world or reported that he also said an interview last week that he
welcomed an improved relationship with the next administration most of the US media was quick to attack them and his
will in present for his in theory words few bothered to ask why Chavez is exploration or
scouration of Bush might increase his popularity with UN member states and votes is campaigned with a non-permanent
seat on the security council this October the media's response isn't surprising what surprises me however is
that minority leader Nancy Pelosi felt compelled to go on record denouncing Chavez's words Pelosi someone I usually respect
because I think she's been an effective leader and is effectively handled ridiculous and tasteless D.O.P. attacks
said that Chavez fancies himself a modern day Seymour and Boulevard but all he is is an every day thug
this bad sound bite of an attack certainly seems a distraction for more important issues that Democrats
are engaging in fighting for would just 44 days before election day and if Pelosi felt it was so important to say
something weren't there more effective ways of putting Chavez's criticism to the context maybe talk about how
unfortunate it is that Bush's policies have fueled unprecedented the Americanism abroad and such vitriolic rhetoric
from foreign leaders maybe talk about why these are times when we need effective diplomacy and dialogue with
countries like Venezuela not name calling some Democrats like Senator Tom Harkin got a right
Harkin said that what he believes Chavez's remarks were incendiary he can understand the frustration and anger
of certain people because of George Bush's policies seems like common sense to me says your girlfriend Katrina and after Hurricane
either you go girl yeah you go Katrina by Campa Levy didn't watch all that the emotion and the outpouring
there in Noraleans last night the superdom and all those new lights those clean lights they got in their
man look like something out of Nazi Germany unbelievable of course in the meantime all those poor bastards
who's a home is like in tatters and stuff why do I keep going through that because it's so typical man
so typical you think they'd let them in the game like for free or something you know what I mean
hey you're out of line mister and if I were you I'd be donating your spleen the Christians right now I'd be on the phone
what they let me on the country or the country huh they let them in for free during the hurricane I'd be I'd be I would call
a FedEx right now in time you want to put your spleen in a package and send it to Chris right now
or just send it to Chris Jones and maybe that's not the body party is missing but what party I never mind
the one I don't want to get you involved in the middle of it okay see I always drag you and you're the one that gets
taken into being gone school and then the Greg Reed takes you in there and has a what was that all about that time
remember that which time no no not which time that time that you were like where oh that was the time
and he called me here congratulations on the book great book Neal and by the way I've decided to terminate
Rodriguez that time oh that was the the acquisition the Greg Reed Inquisition wow what a joke so anyway that first
day that you were working first week and you're discovered that these people speak the language
a lot of radio and broadcasting they speak the language of ball games and gambling
remember all those guys that to Hank used to have all his underlings there including still got some
of those guys who are across the street now like little still gots he was one of the protegees they all they all
had you know Hank's book he's full number any wrong there plunging their guts out Donnie B remember Donnie B
but there was a pleasant guy wow only Donnie B. Arla his Donnie Brasco always was his problem and then
there was of course a Jason Vlogs Bob by whatever his name was yeah let's talk about his claim to fame
we can't talk about that on the year okay someone can make a film me and off the air again well let me just
tell you okay I will in fact you know something I give you a musical hint no you know what it is
you know Jane yeah it was a shape of a Jane yeah one of those little brownie cameras if I can use that
expression yeah and George George will figure you win on the game I'm good I got yeah okay
the biggest name so the best challenge this video Roger sports radio 560
don't a lunch will you go to lunch I can't I can't I can't cause this is a reason
give me to please leave that all that's in that name yeah I think you're a sign randomly what about that movie
it's the new
the car
nobody's the close leads are we closing isn't always easy especially if you're only given the old leads what if with one phone call
you can get fresh new leads and actually close enough to get yourself on the catalack board
get the job hey get the job put me on the catalack board it's not too good to be true it's the Glenn Gary leads
the leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them not the ones on the blue cards are used to trying to close on
you hear me you fight it no matter what kind of property you're trying to close on Glenn Gary has the leads you need
you know leads and you don't get them unless you call now 1 800 Glenn Gary leads their closures that's 1 800 get a work that's 1 800 have you made your decision for Christ call Glenn Gary leads now
and you'll receive $50,000 and one that's 1 800
close that was am I bad at the beginning when we're trying to say was go to lunch George go to lunch but I had to
probably you go to lunch okay because you can try to smoke it let's say here's a fact from Bruce says thanks for
great show as usual no problem we're not talking about sports but we're doing the best we can okay under very
difficult circumstances working with a bunch of people to speak some foreign language that we don't
understand but I would like that I want to say this is Iran is definitely on the Neal Conzagin I work with a person who
said as a sergeant in the army last June his son was told he would redeploy to Iran in November the American people are asleep and
our elected officials are MIA baby missing an action to which we ask only that one question you made your decision for Christ
right that is that October November surprise that Carl Roe was the promising all of his congressional Republicans it's the Iran attack
and if you think Iraq is a lot of volume you ain't see nothing yet so many million people in Iraq and they're in Iran rather than they're
they're so fanatical man they make the Iraqis look like Sunday school the insurgents look like Sunday school kids with some of
the March in fact maybe that was the problem to much Sunday school 13.72 votes on that poll baby Lyndon Johnson still in last place that
it's just they don't know from him what what are you talking about what are you talking about he left office the m68 the old people in the
audience are dying every day he left office in 68 that's 38 years ago I mean if you were like 15 you'd be 53 now you're right
well how about Robert E Lee how much do they know about him do they know him how about Abe Lincoln our first Jewish president they know him
who so don't forget on your camera be sure you need a lot of trade I will in fact go out and go back there on Friday before you leave
and find a five where Gary Surner's desk is and stick a lot of faith like you know bacon cheeseburgers and his
desk I'm gonna do them to get the bacon from how he's in them to smear the grease on it I had to it's
merit the tea bag is keyboard with bacon smear it on his desk smear it on the bulletin board air smear it on his back
don't answer right for abermost lawmaker slanted teen sex slave this story is so disgusting a Texas congressman is
denying charge and he slided it for in sex slave at the behest of jack abermost but documents obtained by TPM
muck raker contradict the republicans claims that's TPM muck raker dot com is the website in November 97
representative Ralph Hall republicans Texas public opinion question the credibility of a teenage girls claims
that she'd been the victim of the sex trade in northern Maryanna islands these statements which
representative hall and the congressional record was prepared by jack abermost the lobbyist for the islands she
wanted to do new dancing all statements out of the fifteen year old girl she had earlier told federal
investigators she'd been forced to work for a local nightclub in the nightly nightly live sex show press
accounts of the time detailed how the girl had been taken from her parents in the Philippines and forced to
perform sex acts on stage and before video cameras at a northern Maryanna sex club a 98 department
labor report confirm those reports hall's challenger in Texas is for this rich history professor
granite gland melanson has made the episode a campaign issue melonson whatever's name is melanchon
mighty cone no when investigators discovered child prostitutes enforced abortions on the Maryanna
islands congressman Ralph Hall was paid for covering it up and publicly attacking one of the
rake children reads postcards as campaign distributed to voters hall is called the charge an
outright lie but his office did not respond to our request for comment on this story record show
that abermost staff contacted hall's office fifteen times and in two months leading up to a statement
in the congressional record hall is also did not being paid for making the statement but out of the
enough has revealed that time to legate a money ten years ago hernda district's local newspaper the
herald banner and it goes on about this one did this and that one did that and the poor girl she got
the she was taken away from her parents in the Philippines at the age of 15 to work at a nightclub
in northern mariana's once there she was forced to sell the rings dance naked and perform videotaped
sex acts on stage with the customers she was eventually given a settlement Hawaii was she
first today you know nothing like those good moral republicans man totally they're all crux
i don't mind you being a crook but don't lie about it just like what's his name George Alan
you know we don't care if you're a racist redneck just quit lying about it that's all you
macaque caca what a Yahoo just a drooling Yahoo man yeah there's one thing that I want to impart
with you people don't ever this may sound like a little bit of narrow mindedness on my part too bad
so good general piece of advice don't ever trust anybody who speaks with a real heavy sub-endrol
in rameen y'all but a heavy draw a little bit of a sudden action not too bad when they speak with
a real heavy southern draw run for the hills baby and then you find a rest of their kin right up
there in a tree 1382 do you know that uh what thousand's name how uh what thousand's name
whole book oh they made a movie a horrible uh supposed to be like a ripoff of deliverance
when he's uh four buddies go out what does the name of that thing do a google household work
who's a great actor but a horrible movie and then I'd like to see which one was first it would
seem to me that this must it had to be a ripoff of deliverance please tell me it was you know
the name of the movie no are you googling the hellhole book or not yes I could I could have done
this like 20 minutes ago god is that thing slow and I keep I know it's the internet connections
not the computer it's the internet connect you keep telling me that I'm only made of no you movie
what hellhole work do I have to look this up 70 something 110 movies whoo that's all I got to
narrow it down front and I'm googling right now
I'm not how no book look look what I wrote on it
if you go down in the woods today you'll get the go in this guy
for every other ever the boss with care for the person they call to date
hey was it hercules well I wasn't hercules it was it's a short name
hellhole book it wasn't all the presents man let me do the I should what I should have
it was good IMDB why the hell did I just put on that oh well I know I just got out of it by accident
hellhole book born 1925 got to see well he's still alive too by the way he's 83 let's see the name
of the movie was oh no these are much too recent not hush not my own country not even god
not hercules the firm now way way before that they won flex lives now
under siege now rituals yes really where you see in that number eight one what I've said is 77
that was what I told you some said strip rituals now what was the year for um 11's 72 73
I was reading the description it says light deliverance both leave out a very thin veneer of
civilization five point three they give it more I said I'd take about two points away from that
he's a garbage he had 72 deliverance yes see it told you this is five years later a really bad
bad and here's here's a review powerful surreal and disturbing right disturb my ass
I'll go get a stick good god are there any other reviews on this it was that it no creepy
is going well maybe it is good I don't know I saw about five minutes of it looked like a really
really bad and it's really shot dark you know like you give oh I hate that real dark like you can't
see anything like it's underwater darker than OG on the cover time magazine really I can't see
the end thing real dark real dank and like a real bad repot of deliverance but you know if they say
it's great I guess you'll have to go out and buy for me all right 26 after when we got the mad dog
it's you today talking about that no all-eans game last night there's sure a lot to say about that
game in there not the biggest name those are the two
guys this is real Roger sports video players in line in the suburb
blow too much you're in trouble
if the terror is warning oh my god
oh
so as you drive on it's you work
be honest
the white house says we're all doing now can't be sure when they might strike a
egg yeah we're nervous rex because of all of the stress
from spelt as we better watch out he is the word I feel
is the air is the terror is warning
the government says we prove it and I'm seeing
they say not yet but when now
not so see if they prefer to run
so yeah things there are hopes they can give me a stroll
I think that contest will ignore it yeah
lift my life enjoy the ride in my life
I'll paint a back
I'll paint a back
make me think oh
oh we're gonna adjust into CNN and tell this week we're on Iraq the one that
they have administrators all know they're just to take things out of context
gonna be posted on the web at www.dni.gov
iDni.gov I'm gonna check it out during the next break
meantime a suspicious bag
I see a few of those
prompted the evacuation and portions of my international airport to
sep noon for a very short time everything's hunky doing now everything's fine
the area between concourses f and g was evacuated well a police bomb the
squad arrived in investigate they noticed a bag
at a screen check point around noon a suspicious bag
it's a smart show anyway it's a suspicious bag well as long as i'm whispering
you know i might as well get it all in there
it was suspicious
but everything's just fine it was you know it was an accident but nobody got
heard so the airport's back open everybody's had been told go back
get on your plane go have a good time and of course between concourses f and g
concourses g it by my a you know what's in there don't you air Canada
oh oh some of them suspicious Canadians they could be
and anyway so let's see dni.gov to a one-year-old
fifth stuff right now if you wish can you imagine how many hits is going to be on
that day
but you look at it
do look back at that
five five
yeah
what do you mean there's paper being so bad
you can't find the internet out there
it says hmm maybe they're ready yet
what maybe they're ready yet
they don't say they mean they can't find it i was just on cn and they certainly
wouldn't lie to us will they put up a bonus i read a brick i got my nose
right up to the screener to make sure i had the right website
did you know you try to find it no where do you want don't waste your time
i'll try to get into the next break and then i'll try in the middle of the
break after that because i got 85 units in the planets
temperature not now you understand there's no such thing as global warming
it says liberal propaganda that's right under that
the planets temperature is climb to levels not seen in
thousands of years warming that has begun to affect plants and animals
research is important today's issue of the proceedings of the
national academy of sciences the earth has been warming at a rate of
point thirty sixty-three Fahrenheit per decade for the last thirty years
thought thirty men could have researched team led by James Hanson of NASA's
got her institute for space studies in new york that brings the overall
temperature to the warmest and the current interglacial period which began
about twelve thousand years ago once again there we go there's the conflict
you see between science and religion twelve thousand years ago my ass
because we know the lord invented the universe and the whole the whole business
five six thousand years ago right absolutely in the year 25 25 with zegrin
Evans research has noted that a report in the journal nature found that
seventeen hundred plant animal and insect species moved
forward at an average rate of about four miles per decade last half of the
twentieth century they moved forward the warming has been stronger in the far
north where melting ice and snow exposed darker lane and rocks beneath
allowing more warmth for the sun to be absorbed and more land over the water
more more overlay more overland than water what are you saying huh i don't know
spartschild water changes temperature more slow than land because of its great
capacity to hold heat but the researchers know that the warming has been marked
in the indian western Pacific oceans these oceans have had a major
effect on climate warming that could lead to more elinio episodes affecting
the weather elinio uh-oh the child or yeah i'll never forget what i had to
dr. niel franken i should remember those boring days back in the
though on i and z and who's talking about elinio in the course he's a good born
again Christian good guy but he's got that religious problem you know
remember niel frank the national hurricane center oh that niel frank would
assure brushcutter went to he用ton yes to do it to be a tv uh-fourteen
hundred votes oh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh oh
fourteen every the light bulb i'm surprised we have an adeclaria from very jack
instinct to read latest on uh-er giving high marks to a new year marker whatever
was there on 1400, Carl Foster, but Anna's Foster?
There's another one of these 75 incarnations of sports stations that have been on the
air in last two, three days.
Oh yeah, there's the fan and the fan junior and the ticket and the stick it.
Oh brother, it was amazing.
And like Ray Perry said, if we only had 4000 sports park stations,
they'd bring a lot more people to sports.
Wouldn't it?
Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry.
I know what I think about that I suppose.
Deep pressing.
But then this is what we're surrounded by, man.
I know.
We're surrounded by this and Joe Bell is handed.
He's just handed in the keys to the kingdom and said, here you go, Clarence, it's all
yours.
It's all yours.
He's just handed over to a bunch of lunatics, so much a little children, man.
Little overgrown children.
Robert Creeper.
I hope that what's your name in there?
What's your name that came from across the street this pie?
I mean, what is your name?
Allyson.
Allyson.
I sure hope she puts those bastards in her place.
Stick it to him, Allyson.
Get out the whip.
The beast and Robert Creeper light up against the wall and give him about 80 lashes, man.
Unbelievable.
And while you're at it, stick Clarence in the middle.
Of course he's used to that.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Pivot, man.
Americans look for political manipulations.
Gasoline prices plunge.
No.
You mean they're not fooling you?
There is no mystery or manipulation behind the recent fall in gas prices, able to say,
try to turn that to many motorists.
Right.
Do we believe it?
No.
Almost half Americans believe the plunge of the pump has more to do with politics and
the November elections than economics.
Retired farmer.
This is a new one today.
Retired farmer Jim Moore of Lexington, Illinois rattled off a tank full of reasons why
pump prices may be falling, including the end of the summer travel season and the fact
that no major hurricanes have disrupted Gulf of Mexico output.
But I think the big reason, importantly, is that Republicans want to get elected more
66, said while filling up for 217 a gallon.
They think getting the prices down is going to help get some more incumbents re-elected.
Well, surprise.
According to a new Gallup poll, 42% of respondents agreed with the statement that the Bush administration
deliberately manipulated the price of gasoline, so it would be increased before this fall's
election.
53% of those survey did not believe the conspiracy theory and 5% said, but a little more times
the game on.
Not surprising.
Almost 2 thirds of those suspect Bush intervened to bring down energy prices before election
day are registered Democrats.
The acceptance suspicion among U.S. motorists follows a post-Summer decline in gas prices
that even veteran analysts and gas stationers can see has been steeper than usual.
And those ragheads over there are good friends, the Moulos and Aboulas and the Shakeyavoutis.
They're over there, and they're just like puppets on a string, baby, the way they got the
whole world dancing, you know?
That's the way they do it.
They're like puppets on a string.
That's why they wear those horns on those schmifes in the corner above the eyebrows,
you know?
Those devil's horns?
That the hold the strings?
Yeah.
See, actually, instead of picking on Bush, Shavish had picked on a Moulabula, what
a Bandar Bush.
I mean, that's what he was talking about, El Diablo.
He's got those devil horns, baby.
Haven't you seen the Saudis?
I keep on hearing that.
If you look at those outfits a little bit closer, man, well, don't argue some might have
devil horns.
No, only on Simkhaastura.
1402 votes in LBJ Fund.
Look at that.
He's tied for last without the Godfrey.
Are they who?
Come on.
You know Arthur Godfrey.
I know the row.
You're low-key.
And you know what?
Thanks to Bokobrine.
Remember that really boring day.
That's what you're talking about.
That's Tony Mawven.
What?
That disc of the great moments from TV or something.
Only because I saw that.
Do I know who Arthur Godfrey is?
Well, obviously, you know you're not missing nothing.
How white?
How white?
Brutal.
Even the cornfields and Iowa had nothing on him.
I'll say that, Arthur Godfrey.
He was a one in a bridge and thank God.
There's a man with a little tiny bit of talent.
Took it a long way.
I'll say that.
Kind of like Dave Geroewe.
Early days of TV, man.
That was the time to get on the ground floor.
Now it's like in sports casket, you can have a lot of talent.
You haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell.
It goes all these illiterate jocks that got all the jobs.
All these inarticulate dumb jocks that got the jobs.
In fact, you'll be hearing a lot of monesthesia for next several months.
14502 has history been the most kind to Ronnie Reagan 637, Avalinkin 147.
The Pilgrims 142, Henry Ulrich and Priscilla Dugud.
Joe Kennedy 95.
I hate this pool 92.
6.5%.
Full of hate.
Robert E. Lee 55.
Henry 45.
52.
Charlie Lindberg 46.
Harry Truman 40.
Pope Pius 1237.
Henry Kissinger 24.
Slimeball Butcher Murderer.
Lyndon Johnson.
Bigger Butcher.
Bigger Murderer.
Bigger liar if that's possible 19.
And Arthur Godfrey 19.
How much a Julius Lorozo would be pretty happy to see that.
The biggest name of best talent.
It is the real Rogers.
Bill McDonald.
I'll be done, he'll Jackson.
Okay, so that website's operative now looks like they just put that thing up there.
That's the office of the director of national intelligence John Negro Ponte, the butcher of the Honduras.
I didn't see anything very yet about this, but it'll be on there today, man.
The full, I'm sure, a very expirigated crap.
The intelligence report on Iraq after the threw up brushing it and scrubbing it, cleaning it, squeezing it.
Bushing it.
Bushing it.
Right.
I have to do pull up here.
I'm not going to read until tomorrow, though.
We got the brand new one up there.
I was just in the supermarket.
Is there a, huh?
