10-0-1-560 WQM, I'll tell you that chicken egg man. He has really since he got that last check
He's really been working overtime, you know
I I actually took the money about the good stuff and he's speaking of the good stuff
And Sigourney Weaver my favorite thing that there was on this week's disc was to curry
Self-assailment in front of the bitch. Oh, yeah, let's just play that till one o'clock
Yeah, George is coming up one to two today because I'm getting out of here to dog days of summer and plus
I don't want to overwork myself in addition to which would be very unlucky to overwork yourself on the 13th of the month
Wouldn't that be bad? Yeah, we just made that up. Oh speaking of the
promo we just had for I am why why don't I just want to bother you're Clemens just retire and go away already? What is wrong?
retire retire Roger you jackass you fat egotistical jackass god go away already
Some people would just keep hanging around and hanging around good. Well in his case. It's not like he's not good
You know, I don't care whether he's good or not. Usually the old guys are
I don't care. I don't know about that guy. We were talking about the other day that
What's his name again? Julio Franco Julio Franco. What a Julio gonna be 48 years old next month
And he's still kicking and playing and taking showers of the guys. What's not to like about that?
Huh? I guess he never made a whole lot of money wouldn't that be the the reason I mean
I mean, nobody plays a sport until they're like 48 years old unless they don't have any money, right?
Right keep hanging on for cash. It's just like some of the
Aristopus human remains found in field near Dolphins stadium
That's what I was getting to since we got the the strobe is coming to the town to play your red hot
Arlen's tomorrow after the all star break. Didn't I tell you I wouldn't watch the all star game tonight?
Did I tell you that? I thought I watched it. No
In fact, I'm trying to think of what movie I watched during that while a hell out was on whatever
Well, oh, that's what I wanted to tell you. I forgot to tell you this before the show
You wanted my review on it do not do not get it do not steal it do not look at it
Seriana. Oh, okay if somebody gives you that movie just say I'll get back to you
Seriana, okay. Oh
What a piece of third and you can go on the IMDb and read all those glowing reviews and it's brilliant at George Coney
The only the only reason you don't really notice that much of it's George Coney is because he's got a beard the whole movie
And he he's got this frumpy suit. He looks like a real slumpery and I even worse than me and
And then that Damon is in there and in the end of the movie after he goes off and nearly gets himself killed in the in Saudi Arabia
He comes back to the wife and little kid and
It's so disjointed and all over the place and it doesn't really say anything
You know, it would like to say something and the message of the movie is that oil is what it's all about is if we didn't know that
You know oil and money and corrupt business people and corrupt business deals and these Saudis are a bunch of ragheads and
That's it and they teach the kids to be fanatics and hate the West and
It is so bad. I can't even just I would rather watch last days from beginning to end in its entirety
Wow a serian again. That's how bad is it seriously?
Well those movies that everybody hyped up on George Coney as a genius said oh my god
The acting the acting sucks and it's just it's nothing
It's much to do by nothing and it's very dark and it's
A lot of a lot of foreign language being spoken with the subtitles on the bottom
You know they're speaking Arabic or whatever it's just crap all right good. So please
Please watch Faso and very say and teeny which I spent tons of my own money to get you those movies
And I guarantee you that either one of those movies a hundred times better than seriana
There's anybody in this audience that wants to tell me that seriano was a good movie much less anything beyond that
I didn't take and they need some
Many calls from people that said oh, yeah, seriana. You got a seriana sucks. Okay. It blows. It's garbage
I wouldn't wipe my ass with the film. Okay. That's how bad it is what it leave a film if you did probably a
Lancer of air working near Dolphins stadium father remains of an unidentified person in a field yesterday here the stadium
How do you like that? What did you need help? Probably some plunger from a caulder
They probably tossed him over the edge there over it by the stadium channel six of the remains and a pair of pants
Oh, man, that's the old joke at the track. How did you do today? Well at least I left with my pants on you know not that guy
We're found near northwest to 191st Street in 24th Avenue in a field from a across from Miami Gardens police station
The field is often used for dirt bikes and ATVs the day County medical examiner's office
Genserva run autopsy after the bodies removed from the field today to try to determine who the person is and what happened to him or her or it
Wow, not exciting or why speaking of him or her or it I understand we got some new personnel at QA
Yes, we do all kinds of salespeople. Yeah, that's what Chris Jones was telling us this morning
He says hey y'all how you doing y'all?
Yeah, he's a them quite a turn over there in the sales department. We're once we got left now
We got Todd Dreck which is very sad and then we got Troy and who is the other one?
That's it. I get it. Wow
Turn over that whole sales department. Yeah house cleaning. Wow and just I should mention this
You call yourself the salesman you son of a bitch. Yeah
I also want to say right off the bat today. Thank you Mr. President for those low rock bottom
Uh
Gas prices oil surge to a record high near $76 a barrel today
I'm renewed worries over supply from major exporter Nigeria and as a conflict between Israel and Lebanon heightened in national tensions
Oh boy, oh my god
They're at it again. He Israelis there bomb and light crazy and the Lebanese are throwing back a couple of rocks and oh, it's
bad
Geo political tensions have stepped up. We're moving on to a new phase in Iran and Israel said Mike Whitner of investment bank
Calyon in the end geoprolytic risk is about a current supply to start from getting worse or new
Happening US crude and that's the afterword for a man. It's crude. All right. He directed $7589
Just when you thought you were gonna get used to a $3 gallon gas start thinking more like four
Okay, start thinking for right now. Maybe by next summer eight months. Yeah, something like that
So I four let's see if you have an 18 gallon tank for that would be 72 bucks to fill up
Thank you, Mr
President for those low now that we
Occupied Iraq and hooked the shoe up to the oil fields not and of course
We knew that because they have all of that oil there
They were going to be able to pay for the the whole deal themselves remember that all another line of
Organic lie all these billions and billions soon to be trillions of dollars that you the poor sucker taxpayers are paying for this
Occupation and the blood band and human sacrifice in Nigeria to suspected explosions that accrued
Pipeline operated by Aguip a unit of Italy's any all a GIP. I see those gas stations in Italy all the time
See in that seven a unit of any a GIP cost oil spills and Nigerian officials said any
Denied reports of sabotaging extensive oil spills and said damage would be repaired soon if I hear one more word about that
Stupid as Zuzu Zizi whatever his name is that them French soccer player
I don't care what he said what they got to any guy said I don't care what he did
I know who cares right on and other not so all about that stupid head
But world Dutch hell is already had to shut down
473,000 to girls per day of Nigerian subplot was a quarter of output in Africa's top oil
Supply or a supply because of attacks by rebels
Adding to Middle East tensions Israel struck Bayroud airport in black Lebanese ports on Thursday
Nice to see those at the Palestinians are getting one square meter of day by candlelight in the dark
I thought it was rectangular well not too much to it and I hear the rumor is that it's trief
Oh, here's George's pull from yesterday. What should be illegal 1110 out?
Yeah, something what you left off a lot. No, this is the might with this would have got my vote sports talk radio
Oh, can I change my vote? Can we do it over would not have been the good one?
See on the pull man on the pull man. Every that song soul man by saying
There's the one that book about every single the pull man and that's me. I'm that's what I heard area of experts
Full of the world. That's right. That's correct. I'm the pull man. What should be illegal?
You asked lying on the news?
238 now you're picking on Rupert Murdoch again
I'm a wonderful people at Fox who by the way own my space dot gone. Thank you
Isn't it make me watch that DVD? I got all angered up which one oh I found how foxed but it was worth watching though
I picked the how about Bill or Raleigh under and they make a jackass out of him
Which didn't take a lot of talent to do awful never to lawful only one time he told a guest they shut up
He said then they show about 400 clips of until shot shot shot. It's a series of montages and they're all yeah
It's a fabulous. He's a jackass and by the way his impact in South Florida on a radio is still continues to be none
Less than none. He still barely even shows on the Richter's gear like and the number always starts with a zero
Line down the news should be illegal according to you is 138. Oh by the way you hear about Catherine Harris's plane
Know what about it driving while talking on a cell phone 315 well
I would put us out of business so we certainly don't vote for that right
Public money for pro sports. I voted for that 165 enough of that crap subsidizing billionaires so that they can get their
Bats and balls right and take showers with the guys
Although Mark Cuban even though he's a jackass to see he's putting Dan rather on his cable thing in Texas
I did not well if you would read our story in bedtime stories on our website you've seen that okay
Speaking any language other than English
134 well, let's see that's the above up the ass of South Florida once again
Spigot English Spigot English quote when I was picking up on you okay as the hatred just continues to flow it's
It's palpable. Yes, I love that word. It's palpable. It can feel it. You can smell it. It's in the air
In fact when Thunderflap Newman were singing or something in the air that was it was the hate in South Florida
Baaah
Spigot English
Talking in the movie theater and of course especially in language other than English
Oh, definitely sideways hats 47 that's a punk thing. Yeah, I didn't even know what there you meant by that
But then when you explained it to me oh stop already sideways hats
That's like you know the pants down to your
Part of it. We should have another thing. You know look how cool I am a cool red frogs part serving cold fries 34
I love it today that eating fries should be illegal in the first place because that's gonna kill you fried in those
Transfast man deep fried in there just just a tumor waiting to happen everybody
And cowboy boots I guess Josh has got a bug off his ass about cowboy boots 11. Yeah, it's got a boot up his ass about it
Is that what it is?
What's that all about boot? I was more of a joke, but yeah
He was just kidding and you go ahead and put it on the pole well
I thought we would have put sports talk radio on here instead of cowboy boots on your out your auntie
Would have had more to live in votes. Maybe you want to try it again
Huh, there's a thought for you now
We've had we've made our thousand votes on a pool today
If Eric would have put this pool on there sometime last night within reason, but I kept sending it
He's busy there at the parliament house in Orlando. He is busy hanging with the guys I guess
But we'll look you to that
1210 and 560 WQ and let's take a look at that schedule man
We got guilty back again today to no wonder him a little bit got to get that I want that our separation
Maybe that's why I'm leaving it one today because I'll let you I'll let you do a crossover with guilty
How you like that cross the rest of crossover mad on that?
See a new new interior tell me four to six thirty is mad dog then the Marlins on deck six thirty to seven of Marlins and these
Stroves at pp. Park 705 with the digger up bodies
We're gonna find out where the bodies are buried and it's a dolphin stadium and any K from Vegas attend and you know
We're kind of cracked me up when Hank was talking about why it is in Vegas as if he needs to excuse to cover some fight
You know if there's always the fight, you know me. Hey, do you see the fight? Yeah couple of guys at nobody ever heard of before
Does Josh have any idea who they are? Yes, I do. I think he said Elizabeth Vargas
Nobody said that's hurry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, her against Dan Rather
That'd be a good one. I think Liz might have a chance 10 13 at 5 60 WQ
If you love the finer things in life then you love Stokes
It's mimics quintessential cigar shop and of all places. It's in Kendall with South Florida's largest selection cigar
Stokes of Kendall is sure to have your favorites all the ones that you love to puff on
Stokes got over a thousand open boxes to choose from including Arturo Fuente
Pedro and Monte Cristo Romeo and Julieta and lots more including a large selection of premium cigars and clothes out prices
As well as obscure and hard to find cigars that you won't find just in every street corner
So get your ass into Stokes today and you'll have smooth smoke and their wine lounge featuring some of the
Finest boutique wines from around the world join Stokes every Friday for their wine tasting from 5 to 8 in the PM
Featuring some of the most delicious for those that France has to offer you'll find Stokes at 1 16 12 North Kendall drive open every day
Seven days a week you can call Stokes and reserve a box your favorite cigars call them at 305
598
20 and don't forget when you stop into the shop say hi to Mario and the girl Sandra and Yawning
You'll get a free cigar today just for knowing who the hell they are that Stokes at 1 16 12 North Kendall drive in Kendall
305 598
908 20 ton that the old pipe smokers sent you by this is
Neal Roger
This is 516
4k fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at 9 o'clock
You can work my internship at your ratings and diet now
Well, I don't assure you what a big ass and I was to your hand how
You're good, why somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants
Amazing
Right now, cheers. I love it. Be coming back
Outside of considering a lucrative and comfortable
If you want to know what I'll say if I'm shutting that transmitter to ground
Sure
My ratings that bottom down in
I
Let's get those two back together again. What do you say six? I'm telling you Sam till midnight all right until one of them
Collapses or just kills the other one. Okay. Here's the pull we got going for today
And like I said if we'd have gotten this out of the timely
Situation we've had that thousand easy, but we'll never make it 360 is what we got
I think we haven't do a complete 360
Something place or a person that seemed better years later than it really was you know that whole thing about nostalgia and everything
You know always you know the mind plays tricks on you
What was great talking those days at you know at 12 corners in Rochester
You know and went and wrote in Munner, Wavina at rolls drugs
Getting your baseball cards and getting your haircut at the 12 corners barbershop
But that was so great. Although I will say this Don and Bob's was great and of course that's a reason that that's the problem with nostalgia
All the things that really were great. They're not there anymore, right like the famous restaurant on the Miami Beach
That was great. There was nothing
Imaginary about that and long gone like Prince spaghetti house in Boston that one that wasn't just great
It was awesome awesome long gone and all these
All of these things
Anyway, some of the thing person replaced that seemed better years later than there really was the nostalgia
I hate this pull 57. I can't believe that. I thought this is a great poll
How is that possible? You don't think this is a good poll? It is they're just deciding to vote that I'll get out of here
I hate this pull my ass. Yeah, well, what is that? What a bunch of luck kids. I'm telling you early six experiences
47 high school 46. That's time those two together. My hometown 31. Yeah, I was telling you before the show day like Rochester
You know, what's a big deal with Rochester? It's a horse ball town when you live there when you're kid growing up there
You think, man, this is a big city. You know, wow
This is and then you realize years later. It's a podon for the whole in a wall is crap
You know even Eastman Kodak is barely even there anymore
I think you know, I mean what's what's the big deal with Rochester? They got the lilacs
No more Don and Bob's at least not the one in Brighton anyway
So what who the hell wants to go there? Do you want to go to Rochester?
Yeah, for free. Who they tried they tried that fairy if I can use the word across like Ontario between Toronto and Rochester
And they shut that down about ten times already because yeah, there were people coming to Toronto
But who now wants to go to Rochester? Did you try that fairy? No, I've tried them all okay early second experiences 49
Speaking of that high school 48 my hometown 32 early TV 26 and of course you can tell
When you watch like on Nickelodeon and some of these other old time movie channels and you watch some of those shows now some of them are still good correct
But most of them man. Oh god, you think well, you know, that's all that was available like the old today show
You won't see that no more would like Dave Garoua in Jack less schooly and Frank Blair in the news and Jay Fred
Mugs the chimp I mean and the first of tonight show with
More Amsterdam I bet if you watched that right now you just kill over probably of course if you watched the one
It's on our Jay Lunar you'd kill over to early TV 26 most of it was crap, but it was you know
It's what we had at the time top 40 radio 25 the 80s 25 JFK 20 college 20 the 70s 19 the 60s 18
Hitchcock movies 11 see I didn't I didn't put like rear window or individual movies because if we did that we could put like
You know we could spend the whole poll would look every movie your TV deal so I you know put groups on here categories
Detroit 7. Yeah, it was crap
The 50s five because most of us aren't old enough almost you aren't old enough remember the 50s
But I sure do you know the 50s was very bland it was very boring. It was a ziann Harriet. It was
Father knows best with Robert Young medic with William Shattner and the Richard Boone, you know
How come I'm thinking TV shows I don't know
It was a rear window with Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly and Raymond Burr and film a writer in other words
It was boring 50s were boring, but sometimes boring is not that bad
You know it's compared to other stuff like what's going on there are worse things
That's right and we did help still have a few freedoms New York has got five votes
I was a late ad and her a Truman's got four now
Did you see the thing it was was that in why we fight about Truman and about the fact that the Japs wanted a surrender and he was
He was held that on the world that we had the bomb and we use the bomb and we want you to do most and not just once but twice right
So you want a surrender? We don't think so now. Well you just surrender when we watch it a surrender
How's that?
Good. No, good. We do it. Truman man. Well 391 votes on here, so we'll you know
We'll do whatever we'll do and I'm sure that there are a lot of add-ons to this polar but the idea that I hate this pool is leading here
That that's pathetic. It's got 16% of the votes. I hate this pool. That's the new
Freep of the season now get on here. That's what I've had a horrible pool on Friday
I that's what I voted on Friday for your pool. I hate this pool and one by a glanslide. I'm telling you what that
That's what that's what they're deciding to vote for now. Do they vote for that yesterday? No. Was was it even on there yesterday? No
I don't think you can put it on there yesterday. No
I forgot to you do you forgot to put that on there yesterday? Well it's seen how you would know
So you leave it to me and then you'll say see there's the old man's pool under they hate it. It's not about that
What is it about? It's about
Oh is that what it is? Yeah
Because the word hate is involved in there. I hate this pool because it's just children left in town right now
Oh overgrown idiots that mean like the ones that call like QAM hello
I can't buy. Yeah, huh? Are you right? You got a good point. See I there was no doubt there was no doubt in my mind
He needs to be like I said the other day taken out. I can't believe you still haven't done it
Put them in the desert and don't give them a map just get a get rid of that creature whatever it is
Take a picture maybe you could get higher him and the thing remember the thing. Oh
Yeah, get them in there together and then the new uh whatever it is
hahaha
Oh boy. Thank God. I'll never darken the door that building again never once again
Will you won't see my ice and there were the rest of me either that exciting and then after what you tell me about the
Turlitz and they're overflowing and dripping down the floor. Have it checked it out today yet
People trying to use the tea room down on the second floor because the one on the third floor is like flooding and
And then it's dripping through the ceiling down the second floor. Yeah, it's kind of it's kind of our trickle down theory
Right it works right in fact look at the numbers there look at every time the trends come out we're trickling down pretty soon
Do I oh in fact we got that some parts of the day
26 past 10 at 5 60 wQM with lightning quick speeds the latest features and security
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust
Call that ain't get yourself the best offer the year at Comcast high speed internet for only 2495 month for your first six months plus
Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8 meg premium speed tier free with always on connection speed about to 8 megabits a second
Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL 15 and up to 100 times faster than ancient dial up
Which is for real losers whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or simply surfing your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connects means you'll always be flying through the internet with the greatest of these
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you can instant access to pre features like video mail
Comcast radio a rhapsody plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few
Not only that, but you also get free macfee security tools included so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure
That alone is an annual savings of over a hundred bucks for the security by itself
So what are you waiting for start doing more faster than you ever could before
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for only 2495 a month for six months
Call them in day 305 Comcast or in 954 Comcast call today for all the details certain restrictions apply
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.69
The channel at four
Attention man put down that chicken sandwich
Avalon flu is targeting you it could be in your hole right now as a public service of sport hole radio
560 WQAM we urge you not to eat any chicken of any kind
Especially the chicken you drove for a my space signs of any on flu infection in stages first you start talking like a chicken
In the second stage you'll grow feathers
In stage three the feathers fall leaving you with the most diverse effect of art
You turn through grotesque fat white gay drafts
Republican men is handling coral rolls
What do you see Jeff Daniel? I sure could use a good method. Don't let Aveon flu destroy your life
Take it from this authority. I'm Terry's Colonel Sanders. I came back to laugh to tell you to stop eating my chicken
It's riddled with Carl Robea Newsy. You know you'll be my chicken probably key in you too
It's 1032 I'm reading some of the reviews of syrianna luckily on iamdb there
Here's one. It's got one star rips in the ass another one one star and
One guy says it's a rare event for me to leave a movie before the end. It's only happened four or five times in 30 years of my lifetime
But syrianna was one of those times wow
But the thing that bugged this guy the most I guess was the torture scene there where they pulled out George clonies fingernail
Oh, I did on that and
To me that was one of the highlights. I was pleased I hate that. I thought he deserved it
Here's one that says I was watching this schlub of a movie at a mother flex in Manhattan
A bunch of teens came in the middle of film like they had free range of the theater
They stayed for five minutes and left. I wanted to go out with them
The torture scene was okay, but the one in the hostel was better big oil shady doors
Doens between CIA covert operatives and the raw families of Opec in the Middle East
And there's got a bunch of z's you know
I'm a dross and suicide bombers
Yeah, my theme in dramatic range was slightly less than a thunderbird
Doll George clonies totally lost whatever good looks he had and looked all a flabby and old
They should have tortured him a few days longer just just a swim in doubt
Excellent review syrianna don't waste your money on it. Okay, believe me trust me when I tell you'll be so sorry
So what's the message the Arab the rest people and we just keep on it?
In it you can't follow it at all. It's totally convoluted does make any sense
You have no idea who the characters are and his George cloney have a wife or a family or we have no idea what's going on in there
It just doesn't make any sense
You know, and of course this is supposed to be such a gutsy thing and George cloney is a job
What did I tell you about him? I can't stand him
Yeah, you know, he says a lot of the right things and then when push comes to shove he always turns out to be a schlub like it's sitting there
I don't like that. He looks through his eyebrows at you
Is that what it is? Well, he didn't have to look through his eyebrows his whole face
He had the whole full facial beard the whole deal and looked real fat and frumpy and holding not that that makes any difference
If it was a good movie I wouldn't have minded whether he looks fat or frumpy, but it was a piece of crap
God, that's a relief. Yeah, don't that's one movie. I will not be sending you okay
I'm gonna say all of a sudden you piss me off for some reason and I'll send you syrianna. Oh, no need to get hasty now
Oh man if online poker is your passion or if you fancy internet roulette
You might want to consider taking up a new hobby
There's one for your buddy pro-Zach Rahn. It's not internet roulette. It's called Russian roulette
Fine
Congress is taking a good idea. It's taking a significant step toward banning most online gambling
Everything is being banned man. It used to be banned in Boston. Now it says banned in the USA
Everything oh and wait till we get to the next thing about the FCC is reviewing past oh your plots when you hear this
They're reviewing tapes of like specially sports television sportscast
So if they can pick up some four letter words in the background
You know how they have the the microphones. I feel all the time that's rich
No, he's dead
The house voted 317 to 93 to day for legislators now would prohibit credit cards and other payment forms
From being used to settle internet wagers
It will clarify an update to our law to spell out that most gambling is illegal online
I don't think it's any their dad business. How do you like that?
Right it would also allow law enforcement officials to work with internet providers to block access to gambling websites
What sounds like China to me the bill would exempt state-run lotteries and horse racing
See that's the one thing in case yet. I'm sure you got that message from your fat ass governor already
Lotteries are good. Everything else is bad
Right and of course horse racing is okay even though we don't want to do anything for it
But it's okay, but lotteries especially are great even though we haven't got a China-man's chance in a hell
And it's probably the biggest sucker bet go in anywhere and a lot of very desperate
Desperado people spend older lunch money on it every day
But that's okay the fight now moves on to the Senate leaders in the Senate haven't identified internet gambling is a priority yet
And the bill support to say the house vote gives them the momentum. It gives them the big mold
To push the Senate to act the bills main champion in that chamber
Republican senator John Calaver is on a said he would pursue it aggressively
Leave it to the republicans. They want to ban everything. Okay. Pretty soon. They're gonna ban your life
You can't
Can't breathe the area. You can't do squat. You can't even squat support is of advantage
Then that's widespread availability makes it too easy to gamble something create betting addictions and financial problems
It puts gambling in every living room at every school that's an every
Work station said John Kent a business professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana champagne who studied issue and supports the bill
Critics are you the legislation favor some gambling industries over others and that regulating the 12-bit in out industry and collecting taxes on
It'll be more effective than a ban. Oh, that sounds like marriage a wini okay regulating and collecting taxes on it
Because you're not gonna stop it. Oh, what a bad idea. Yeah, that would be wrong somehow
That would be very simple is ready airstrikes. They're going crazy over there now
You kidnap a couple of our soldiers. We're gonna kill like thousands of years of Indians just to show how pissed off we are
And we're gonna go back into Lebanon again. We're gonna start to oh, it's like us although. Maybe this is a good sign
You see that thing on CNN new Middle Eastern crisis. There's nothing new about it
It's just a continuation of the same crap has been going on for five or six thousand years now
But maybe this is a very good sign maybe finally they're all gonna kill each other. Oh please
Yeah, get those nukes going the Israelis and all those schmata heads over there
Just kill each other and leave the rest of the world alone. Oh, we're sick and tired of all your us all about your spaten. Okay?
God such crap. Oh look at that. They're goose stepping in Lebanon. You see that I did not what some really very it looks like they
They bought the uniforms at the army Navy store
433 votes on our poll so far some thing place or person that seemed better years later than it really was
I hate this poll is still eating with 74 votes that I hate that I don't hate a lot, but I sure hate that
I don't know why because everything else is so divided up there's so many good choices on there
And I have it you know, and those are just the ones I put on high school 60 early sex experiences 54
My hometown 38 early tv 29 top 40 radio 28. Oh, and it reminds me of that fan now. Let's see is it a WABC jingo then he sent me I don't know old shitha
Seven on your dial
Down
I sure hope you're not faxing me something important because I would have punched more a punch more paper in here
It's like jammed, jammed.
It's not important, but there.
My mom is playing.
I...
Oh, yeah.
One of those rare malfunctions of the junction of the...
Oh, hey, look, breaking news.
Israel has the right to defend herself as your president.
Oh, yeah.
Orages, Israel to show some restraint.
Well, that would be okay.
Yeah, like, don't drop too many bombs on those poor,
or ragheads.
Let's see what this is that was so important.
The South Park episode with Tom Cruise and Dr. Volde
is bad writing.
In a class, it will be replayed because the episode
has been nominated for an Emmy.
All right.
All right.
Excellent.
That's one of the great TV shows in the history of mankind
at particular South Park episode.
And of course, don't forget, don't leave out our Kelly, you know?
Right?
No, no.
Otherwise, he might bust a cap in your head.
Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff.
So that's good.
It will be replayed fine.
And maybe they got the cajones to put it on there again.
Anyway, top 40 radios got 28.
Interrupted my pool for that great WABC Chubby Checker
Jingle.
The 80s, 28, JFK 23, college 21, the 70s, 20, the 60s,
20, a lot of drugs, a Hitchcock and a lot of dead people.
Hitchcock movies 11, New York 9, Detroit 8, the 57,
the Harry Truman 4.
That interesting.
How about, I don't know, I don't know how you would word it,
because I don't want to list individual ones.
Individual ones.
Restaurants, you know, that are now gone.
You know, how do you say that?
That sounds good.
Restaurants that are now gone.
Restaurants that are closed.
That are closed.
That sounds kind of awkward, you know.
That's okay.
Restaurants that are closed.
Okay.
They don't know what we're talking about.
Now unlike the ones that I mentioned before, all of which were great, like the famous.
I mean, I don't care what anybody says about that anymore than I care about what they
say about seriana.
Look at back to seriana.
In fact, that's what you ought to do if you already were stupid enough to buy or rent
the DVD.
Just put it in your DVD player, pay about a minute of it, and then say, I'll get back to
seriana, then take it out and flush it down the toilet.
18 before 11 at 5.60 WQM.
This may sound crazy, but experts now say you can lose weight in your sleep.
According to ABC News and Good Morning America Medical Correspondent, Dr. David Katz, there's
convincing evidence that a good night's sleep can really pay dividends in terms of
weight control.
Studies point to two hormones, regulating appetite, which are in balance after people have
had at least eight hours of sleep.
So called the Allamactrist at 1-800-Matrist, they're open till midnight tonight, save
yourself a few bucks and shed a few pounds at the same time.
Dr. Mattress offers you that unbeatable deal they offer you 12 months financing, no payments
and no interest.
Dr. Mattress has been ranked number one in the world of overall customer satisfaction for
a long time.
I've been using them for years, and they offer you all the name brands like Cele, Certa,
Simmons, King Coral, Temporarpea, Dixterns, and Foster Hewitt.
So call them today at 1-800-Matrist or click them on the web at mattress.com.
1-800-Matrist, MATTRES, leave off the last S because it stands for Stupenda Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.M.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Moe Green.
I made my bones when you were going on with cheerleaders.
But he had a close call at the Society Ball.
Two past three car one way with the girl from T-Company.
Her life at the door she was looking for only made it time of day.
She then was made in my ways.
She was gonna be in the office just like T-Manly.
They had on a plantation and tried a lot of things.
She thought that after all was the enemy.
But she knows that nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing.
All right, then shout, shout, shout, and shout, we'll be 14.
That's when child's ripples took you girl.
The president was numerous.
They were 13 years and all I love was you.
She still preoccupied.
19, 19, 19, 19, 25.
I'm not a fan of the police.
I'll be continuing to party at the store.
It's a wedding well ahead of not the hotel.
That's when the wedding will end until I can hold a 16.
I can hold a 9.
I can hold a 9.
She knows all the classic.
She knows every line.
She won't scorn with the wind.
Freakin' I'm the key fan.
She did it, Jarl's done.
To do galling, Finn.
For our modern world.
When she took the floating bird.
She wore it out big.
Like a flat bird.
Her self-prohibition.
She do that no bigger.
She loved a comedy show.
Like George and Ways Cleans.
Whatever happened to Abby.
Sarah.
Sarah.
What's on second?
I don't know if I'm sorry.
Sarah, Phil's in.
In Japan.
Wait before eight government's hours went by.
The duper.
The president was who.
But it was LGBTQ.
I know I love you.
I'm so free at the time.
19, 19, 19, 19, 25.
There was the duper and then there was the puke.
1048.
This is one of the worst facts in the history of the show.
That's right.
Don't you agree?
I do agree.
And it looks like very familiar handwriting.
Sure.
From Jackass.
Where's 9113?
Is that over in the West Coast?
I think.
Whoever sent this facts, you should only rot in hell.
And this is, you're right.
It's the summertime, man.
Well, we got to choose from now.
You talk about slim pickings.
That's Kansas City, by the way.
Whoa.
Kansas City?
That's right.
And what I don't understand is 9113 and then it's got like a whole bunch of different numbers.
I don't understand that number.
Do you?
No.
I don't get it.
Because it says 2 9113 and then it's got our...
Yeah, there's Wilbur Harrison.
Go to Kansas City.
Stay there.
Yeah.
Kansas City.
Here we go.
That's a place.
I've driven through it on the interstate.
I've driven right through.
Where the interstate goes between arrowheads, stadiums, and what's the football and baseball stadiums?
What's the baseball stadium?
I don't know.
We don't know.
But it's a beautiful placement.
I've got like the waterfall there and a whole deal.
And you can send it right across the highway from each other, against or right next to each other.
Yeah, nobody goes there either.
Don't they?
Oh, that's...
What a team they got.
Those Kansas City royals, man.
That's not an area code.
What you're looking at there is our facts number with a number in front of it, like they had to dial an extension first.
Oh.
Yeah, I didn't think this was from...
Now, this looks like a chronic regular shirt, right, right, to me.
Yes, it does.
Hey, Neil, you should end the audience.
We'll be pissed off when you hear this too.
Because this goes to show you, we take these poles, which you know, it's not the whole show.
It's a part of the show every day.
But, uh, so many stupid people out there just don't even understand it.
The whole concept of it.
It says you should add the godfather to your pool.
Well, I mean, the fact that we can watch the godfather, those of us who liked it,
which is the overwhelming majority of us, and we can watch it over and over.
And when it comes on TV, and even though we've seen it 80 million times,
we watch it 80 million in one time because we can't turn it off.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
So that's exactly the opposite of what we're talking about.
That is correct.
That's precisely the opposite of what we're talking about.
I want to make them an offered camera.
Good.
I second that emotion.
The whole question is some thing, place or person that seemed better years after than it really was.
Well, if that's the case, why would we watch it again?
Why would you watch any movie and enjoy it so much that you want to see it again and again and again and again?
Maybe they just didn't understand the question.
Now, now they understood the question. They're just stupid.
That's all. Like, Mowitz says stupid.
And if there's anything worse than being stupid.
That is just pathetic.
You know something that frosts my ass even more than I think about I hate this pool.
Because I can see, I mean, it's not like getting an overwhelming.
It's got like 17.5%.
But the other are all split up among all the other choices.
Plus, if I ever took any calls, they might add some more choices on there, but I doubt that.
You think they will?
WQYM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I just wanted you to comment on what you felt from going to be the announcer for the Miami D'Office.
And then, you know, you were talking about the American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American American
This is the Neoronjers show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Good night. We're dancing on your grave. They all took their bed over with the roadside truck. The stop to give everyone a chance to swar.
The ride family home. Absolutely. It would be killing. It kept killing. It kept killing. It was crafted to you. You were a well connected person. It was nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing.
It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It
It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It
It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It
It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing. It
is. He's gonna hide his trophy so that he can hide it. It's meant that he can guys. It's meant to go to the
game and don't ill say associations and please don't take that. Don't worry. Don't worry.
Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. I
am not your popularity. I wouldn't. I wouldn't Mid have written on the
thanks of your friends sent you a video on submarines. They all sent you a program. They all sent
of news and sports. TV and radio live broadcasts just can control their own content with
dump buttons, but it's much harder to keep tabs on background noise and people who aren't
mic for sound. Television is becoming notably more cautious about the possibility of
profanity coming across on air. For example, this past Monday night on ESPN, the Major League
Hall Baseball All-Star Home Underby participants were often bleeped out while up the bat.
Hey, you little f**king up, yours! I don't know how they're going to rule, but they asked
us for a taste with a specific emphasis on crowd noise, said another anonymous TV executive.
If some bulls over in the crowd calls the ref an A-hole, the commission is asking for a copy
of the tape. How do you like that? Oh my god, I'm so lazy.
I'm getting dizzy. Watchdog organization TV watches release a statement on the matter, executive
director Jim Dyke says I'm trying and trying to play the TV nanny, the government is
threatening our ability to experience the excitement and drama of live sports program,
whether on a football field or in the cockpit of a race car, American TV audiences want
to be in on the action and they don't want the government to interfere. Just like Mama
Corleone said, Santino, don't interfere. Remember that? Yes, I did.
At the table? So do.
What have everybody starts chanting A-hole as they commonly do? Right! Just like in hockey
games when referee makes a bad call, especially a Madison Square guard knows New Yorkers
man. I think they should find all the people in the stands like $10,000. That's it.
Let's put them in camp. Let's send them to get more.
And send them off to Abu Gharram, a defending camp. CBS, NBC and Fox, I spoke out against
the FCC's decision for a further review of the Rongo and Kosovo programming. The commission
labeled as indecent earlier this year. In other words, anything they put on the air is
indecent. I'll tell you one thing if it's on Fox, then you know it's indecent. Here's
a fact that says a couple of weeks ago, WI would be added a new host at night named Mark
Levin, syndicated from WABC. WABC. WABC. Anyway, it says, have you heard of this guy?
No. Why are there so many right-wing Jews on the air? In Miami, I can think of Dr. Laura
Michael Savage, Michael Medved, Orthodox Jew, to which I would say, oh, Art Bell libertarian.
As Art Bell is still on the air, I don't think so. Well, maybe I don't. Miss Fudge and Dennis
Prager. Who the hell is Dennis Prager? Never heard of it. I was listening to very mediocre
opian Anthony show a couple of weeks ago. It says they were reading the ratings from West
Palm Beach. They claim in that in their first ever month in the market, their station went from a
zero-pointed under David Lee Roth to 7.9 in their target demo of men 18 plus for number two
in the market. Probably wire diaries, it says. Well, this must be somebody inside the business that's
right in wire diaries. On their uncensored next time show they were reading a list of all the things
that they're not allowed to say, I think they're even more restricted than you are. Oh, that's
not possible. We can't even say that. Also, I saw that this year they've been more murders in Toronto
than in Miami. You think that's because flat foot timidly is doing a good job? That's the chief
of police in Miami. Who's son is his son still selling pot in New York? I don't think he's
telling it right at the moment. But he is. Can you call? Of course, what's the comparison?
The city of Miami is like 400,000 people. Toronto is five million, four million, whatever it is.
So what's the comparison? Plus, there's only like 30 some murders. And anyway, well, yeah,
that must be it because he's doing such a good job and his son is making so many good deals.
I'm going to read that first paragraph again because I'm just so I'm so grossed out that
other story. The FCC is continuing its investigation into indecency and broadcasting by requesting
tapes that may contain profanity indirectly picked up by microphones at live sporting events.
It just leaves you you just want to fall on the floor and just give up for when the towel.
It's funny and spreading. For Jeff would say take off the towel. I beg your pardon?
I said it's funny and stunning.
Prophetic. Speaking of pathetic, there's your must-ass you would have drawn boldness
into it. That's some kind. Well, we have. We can't say we we by the way. I like his diabetes
commercials that he does. Does he really? Yeah, that's Wilford Brimley, but you know, I've been
doing it for a long time. We might actually make 600 to 512 now. They're coming in in chunks.
In fact, most of you after hearing that story, I just read about the FCC ought to be puking up chunks
right now. W-Q-Y-M, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd garden state that's my favorite movie.
Sucks. And about why we fight? I wouldn't see that under any. Okay, great. I'm real happy for it.
W-Q-Y-M, hello. Yeah, huh? W-Q-Y-M, hello. Oh, geez, just a half a second. 567-0560,
I don't know why I'm giving the numbers out. Like I'm planning on taking a lot of calls between
now and one o'clock. I'll let you be called intensive between one and two. Okay. Oh, yeah, okay.
All you idiots are going to call in. Georgia will be taking a thousand calls between one and two
this afternoon. As the lead into the 1999 of them will be run. Come on. I think he needs to be a
long-term map is what he needs. He needs to be taken. Right. Taken for a long ride. Kind of like
how he's playing. Carlo and the Godfather. That's fast about the Godfather putting it in. It's just
a moron would write something like that. Just an idiot. Somebody would taste in their
tush. Early porn, by the way, has passed Harry Truman. What would he have said about Linda
Lovelace, huh? Although maybe nissen knew who deep throat was. Sam says, Neil, I have to thank you.
I had a guest in town so we step by the hard rock because he felt like donating a few bucks to
the engines. I don't play the slots for cut a good buzz and played a quarter machine with 20 bucks.
After five minutes, I hit the $250 jackpot. Thanks to you, I said, looks like this is a good
machine man. I played five more minutes. Hit the $250 jackpot again. Then I ran out of there to
which he says, all right. Okay, good luck to you. Sam don't spend it all in one place. He found a
good machine money. Hit five hundred bucks and he ran the hell out. That's just take the money
and run man, especially with him engines. Oh boy. Wonder how deep hole feels about that?
12 minutes passed 11 at 560 WQA and we got Geldie coming up into this afternoon. He's, I don't know,
he was on yesterday, too. I was starting to get optimistic. Although starting in August,
Mad Dog sometimes is going to be on starting at two. We don't know when or how or who were.
I guess that all depends on how soon Joel Bell recoups for it's from his lobotomy.
Do you think? And Chris Jones, our new salesman, who came in this morning to report that we got
600 new salespeople. They're in the QM sales department. All right. And they closed their
out of here. Yeah. That's that's precisely what he said. He also said, do you call yourself
a salesman? You son of a bitch. You want to work here? Clothes. That's it. Clothes.
Harking spots are for closers. Yeah. 12 minutes passed 11 at 560 WQA and summertime is the perfect
time to have a special romantic dinner at the melting pot. Let's face it, everyone gets in the
doghouse now and then. Well, there's nothing like a melting pot fondue feast to get things back
on track. It's personal interactive ends with luscious chocolate fondue desserts man. It'll send
your blood sugar skyrocketing just looking at it. What could be better than that? If you haven't
denied it, the melting pot lately, you're missing a really great experience. Now you can choose oil
or broth cooking to suit your taste, whatever you like. They got it. Choose from Monterey's like lobster
filet mignon. Cajun, season chicken, pork, duck, portabella mushrooms and lots more. Pay attention.
The dipping sauces at the melting pot are homemade and so good. Isn't it time you dip into something
different? The melting pot fondue restaurant. They're in for a lot of day on North Miami Beach
Cooper City Kendall Coral Springs and in Boka. Be sure and tell them that old meals sent you by.
The melting pot fondue restaurant makes tonight an unforgettable night at the pot.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
That's it. That's it. Your turn. What do you mean by that? You go girl. But that's not the last
break. The last spot in the break. I got a myelon here. It is it? No, it is not. Home Depot.
Do we already play at Home Depot? No. How come we didn't play at Home Depot man?
I don't know. Are we not going to play it? I think that's it. What do you mean by that?
Do we play at Home Depot before this? Because I don't pay attention. I don't listen to commercials.
I think you're playing these out of order just to kind of screw me up. I know that the lord
even loves Neil Rogers. But it's something we do.
Yeah, Mr. Talbot and David Dan Lotton.
We just know it's on a trial of all.
You got to come on, you come.
We have to prepare for holy war.
Don't do the giaz. Don't be late.
Coming in from everything but there is state.
Cowbullian mini-rocky-run. I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb with rock.
Raise all the red rock.
Oh, God, my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the giaz rock.
She had two says to her mask for it.
Kitty boys ready for a holy war.
But that two says to martyr three.
Come on and kiss the women and cheer it with me.
Long road.
Raise all the red rock.
We don't want hollas.
Got my long white smart.
I'm going to the giaz rock.
Been lucky night in coming out of his cave.
Taliban monkey, Seterant and Reve.
Black male women taking in the crowd.
But buddies only know ladies allowed.
Let's rock back home.
Raise all the red rock.
Oh, God, my bloody white smart.
Going to the giaz rock.
We come up turn our CNN.
Latest American truth position.
Going to the giaz don't be late.
Come in in from every single bear estate.
In the capulian mini-rocky-run.
I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb with rock.
Oh, God, my beard and my long white smart.
Got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the giaz rock.
Going to the giaz rock.
She had two sets to Hamas four.
Get the boys ready for a holy war.
But two sets to martyr three.
Come on and kiss the women and cheer it with me.
Let's rock.
I'm going to the giaz rock.
We've got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the giaz rock.
I'm going to the giaz.
Bring that safe and secure deal.
Kill him to death.
Why?
Kill them all.
I'm dying rock.
1119 at 560 WQM.
Ronald Reagan, let's add him to the course.
The fact that he says Ronald Reagan seems to find
fits the whole file of the air.
Although I never thought he was anything but a scene
that will far with bad hair, bad wax job.
Then he says maybe we can agree to disagree on Syrianna.
Oh, God.
He says I thought it was just fine.
There were confusing moments,
but that was only slightly distracting for me.
I didn't need to replay more than a few scenes.
Makes for a good movie on DVD rather than theater.
I can't imagine trying to concentrate in that venue.
Well, I got the DVD right in the other room and believe me,
I wouldn't give you a nickel for it.
I would give you two cents.
Here's another skating review on IMDV.
One star out of 10.
First, I must say that I'm a liberal.
I'm completely aware that big business
and the Republican administration is all about big oil,
especially George W. Bush,
having been CEO of an oil company.
But in nutshell, this movie simply sucks.
Oh, great.
While we could sit and discuss the fact
that the US is in bed with the Saudis,
is beyond the point.
The storyline is so convoluted that the point is nothing,
but a drop of food coloring in a swimming pool.
The film is a prime example of what happens
when producers spend millions on great talent
and then waste that talent on a story
that is a big brain thought is important.
Well, I see, some big brain.
The thing that bothers me the most is the fact that it is important,
but the handling of the subject matter was amateur at best.
Sireana is a film that must have had the editors in a frenzy,
five hours of film and a hell of a time trying to condense it.
Overall, this is barely a rental.
There is another one that goes on a great length,
just ripping it and ass.
And the last sentence says, we're going to have to lose it.
Oh, yeah, was this a movie about the left hand not knowing
what the right hand is doing?
There's just no way to follow it.
You know, it's just all over the place.
You have no idea who the characters are.
Or, and not only that, but you don't even,
by the time you get to the end of the movie,
it's not important that you know who they were
because it doesn't make any difference.
Just, you know what it is?
It's a movie for a suit of intellectuals,
just like George Cruney.
Okay.
Former Houston Mayor Bob Leneer,
collapsed yesterday as he walked toward his seat
at a memorial service for convicted
and Ron Corporation Cruc Kennellay,
eliciting shrieks from two women nearby
and a rush of secret service agent.
The agents were at the ceremony awaiting former president
Bush and his wife Barbara, that's George Washington,
and rushed to the near side, along with several doctors.
Yeah, George Herbert Walker was there, Kenny Lane.
Of course, keep in mind the Bush family,
after things that went south for N Ron,
they didn't even know who the hell that was, Kenny Boylay.
Who?
Yeah, kind of like Van Der Bush.
Once that whole thing gets spilt wide open,
Van Der Hue, passed her announce to the mourners
that their brother had collapsed and asked the audience
to pray while paramedics moved Leneer
onto a gurney and out of the church, onto a gurney.
Or here's a picture of him,
that putting in an ambulance and he's got a mask on.
Hopefully it's a gas mask with a gas going inside.
By then Leneer was conscious
and looking around as he was loaded into an ambulance.
Leneer 80 served six years as Houston Mayor
in the 90s, Saint Louis Hospital,
spoke from the Melinda Muse,
and he was in stable condition as doctors there examined him.
Leneer had testified as a character witness
at Lady's Rodden conspiracy trial, which ended May 25.
He prayed, had praised Lady as being straight as a string
with me, and said he never recalled
seeing Lady do anything selfish.
Straight as a string.
Had a great line.
That's a great string.
So when somebody says someone is gay,
just say, oh no, there's straight as a string.
Yeah, but what if the string isn't taught?
Well, what if it's straight as an arrow,
like a broken arrow, like with leapyly?
Some thing, place or person that seemed better years later
than it really was.
We have 545 votes.
We'd already have 800 in the summit, weren't for Eric.
I hate this poll 91, 16.6%.
That's not very good.
High school 70, early six experiences 66,
my hometown 42, although the Lilox and Rochester
right now probably smell real good
in Durand Eastman Park.
I can smell Rochester all the way here
right across the lake.
Early TV 39, it blew.
Although, I'll take it one thing.
Andy Devine on the Buster Brown Show,
at least he could say,
Plunk Your Magic Tryinger, Frongie.
I bet you said that now the FCC'd be there.
They would crack down.
They'd be all over Andy's big fat ass,
because he's dead.
Andy Devine, you ever see him?
Nope.
Big old silly fat Andy Devine.
He was, he looked kind of a 400 to Andy Griffith,
only bigger and fatter and sillier.
The Buster Brown Show.
Plunk Your Magic Tryinger, Frongie.
Early TV 39, top 40 radio 32, the 80s 32, JFK.
Look how many he's got.
Buster Brown, man.
The 70s 25, the 60s 23, Sigourney Weaver like the 60s.
College 22, New York 17, Hitchcock will be 13.
Yeah, that's true.
The pretty slow and ponderous when it come right down to it.
Psycho is good, but you know something
when you really come right down to that,
it's pretty slow and ponderous too, you know?
It was.
It was very slow.
I mean, there was that murder scene
and then the rest of it was slow and ponderous.
Yeah.
Oh, and then there was a Sam Wutzename going up the stairs
and he got slashed.
That's right.
That was his name.
I don't know.
Hitchcock will be 13.
Early porn 11.
Oh, it was so bad, man.
Deepthro, everybody talks about what was the other one?
Was it the Green Door?
Not the Green Door.
Yeah, behind the Green Door.
Behind the Green Door.
Maryland Chamber.
Maryland Chamber is right.
And Deepthro, maybe two of the worst porn
on movies ever made.
A lot of hair.
Oh, God.
And some on the men too.
Early porn 11, the 50s 9, restaurants that are now closed
is eight.
Yeah, that we think were really great.
Like Wolfies, for example.
Detroit 8, Harry Truman 6, and Ronald Reagan got one.
One for Ronnie Ray Gunn, 548.
He was going to vote for himself, but he forgot.
549.
Now, I got a column here that really
always, yeah, I got to do the break.
It's too long to read.
It's on our website.
I'm sure Josh members putting this on there
along with the other 8,000 through his cinema video.
Josh probably ain't too happy about the fact that
since I'm not doing the show most days,
I have plenty of time to send him
like lots and lots of stories.
Oh, you're reading it.
Is everything on the internet?
Has he been bitching about it?
No.
Don't bitch about it now.
I don't.
I never do.
He's happy when he sees those stories come in.
Oh, in that case, we have 376 friends on our MySpace.
It's pretty good in it.
He's so happy he types with one hand.
Michael Perenty, the store in the election of 2004
in the Columbus Free Press.
It's a long story.
I would read it if I were you folks.
I read a little bit about it.
I love it.
About I rather read the FCC story again.
They're combing through tapes of old football
and other sports broadcasts,
so they can listen very closely to see if they hear
in the background.
And then what?
Then what are they going to do?
Find everyone who was there.
Oh, we're fine.
27 past 11 at QM.
Hurricane season is here.
Boy, oh boy, is it ever.
Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home.
Hurricane shut about.
Let us go.
All you do is yourself hurricane panels.
Why bother with those big home improvement warehouses
when the hurricane shut about?
Let us your complete source for hurricane protection.
They've got everything you need to get to job.
Don't save you some big, big money.
They stock all sizes of fear polycarbonate hurricane panels
and aluminum panels that are cut to your needs
and ready for pickup or delivery.
All products are daybroward and Palm Beach County approved,
too.
Contractors and installers are welcome
and they accept all major credit cards.
Let me say it again.
They are daybroward and Palm Beach County approved.
I just said that.
Step by step instructions are included.
So why pay all the extra money for installation?
When hurricane shut about,
look and get you all the things you need to do it yourself
and save all those big bucks.
Call them at 9.5.4.
2.3.7.7.083.
Or log on to their website,
hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
They're located at 600 Anson Boulevard in Hellenburg.
That's on East Side of 95 between Hellenburg Beach Boulevard
and Pembroke Road.
And if you call that number until
that near-arger is told you to call,
they'll give you 100 bucks off on a minimum order
of 350 square feet.
So call them today and get all prepared.
All the things you need to do it yourself
and save you lots of cash.
Call 9.5.4.
2.3.7.708.3.
Or log on to their website,
hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6.2.8.
Baby, launch a couple of missiles.
That's the tour to place we know.
Absolutely.
And aim a mad-a-fellah.
Whose first name begins with it?
Out.
There's one thing we all understand.
Hell can't won't be finished until we blow up back and stand.
All right.
We could change around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
The special forces are so tired of jumping through them
and losing.
You only need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up back and stand.
Now pay the needs and news we're paying.
I'm tired on the way.
Why don't we stop with seafood and we'll blow up?
Saudi Arabia.
At the stand.
Audio-quicken Saudis, man.
Both.
So you're not doing a good thing about Syria.
And not that we need it.
It's like reinforcing the fact that the sun is shining
in the middle of the summer time.
Right.
We really need that.
It's just reinforcing the fact that the Saudis
are the lowest slime balls on a face of the earth.
And they're the ones who invented these madrasas.
And then they exported that to Pakistan,
where they teach all these kids from the moment
that they go to school.
Nothing but the core and the most hateful parts they can find
and hating the West and repeating the same over and over and over
and they just indoctrinate them to be lunatics.
And of course keep the people under the thumb
and keep them living like shluppers and keep the women
behind all those burkas and jerkers.
And we already know all those things.
So the idea that we needed like two hours and some odd minutes
to watch this convoluted piece of dirt.
I don't want to, I just don't want to rehash it.
And if you read any of the positive reviews on MTV,
it's all the same pseudo intellectuals, man.
And then we're even 10 stars.
And it's not just the story that it told,
but the idea, the style, the, yeah.
These are not people that go into a movie to get a story
or to enjoy the movie.
Did people want to critique it?
Remember like Lee J. Cobb said in the excerpts just to the priest.
He says, do you like movies?
I love to talk film critique.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Answer the question, Father Paranoia.
He was so good, Lee J. Cobb.
I just, you know, how did you do it?
I did.
I'll look at that.
I might just read that whole thing.
It might take me till about four o'clock.
I'm only going to be on the one anyway.
Maybe George will finish reading it.
Read what?
A federal grand jury is intended for American Idol contestant Daniel James DJ Void.
And of course, if you, I heard he was for the voids.
But if you watched that show, I guess, you know who he was.
But we don't watch it.
Did Josh ever watch that?
I've ever seen one second of America.
Neither of us.
No, I watched the auditions in the beginning.
But I don't know who that guy is.
Well, anyway, he's been indebted on child pornography charges, accusing him of videotaping
sexual encounters with teenage girls.
Oh, my God.
The federal indictment was on CO2's day against Boy 27.
It was a semi-finalist on the popular TV show in 2004.
He charged with production of child pornography and possession of child pornography.
The federal case stems from Boy's arrest in West Valley City.
That's in Utah last month.
Oh, not a pervert in Utah.
He's accused of having sex with two girls ages 14 and 15.
Some of those sexual encounters prosecutors claim were videotaped to them.
It sounds like our Kelly to me.
Sure does.
Maybe they'd get him together with our Kelly could bust a camp in his head.
West Valley City police said they were made aware of Boy's alleged sexual activities.
I've got to watch that again.
Yeah.
The South Park.
I just feel like watching.
West Valley City police said they were made aware of Boy's alleged sexual activities with minors
when they were contacted in June by the 14-year-old Bureau of Federal indictment states
that Boyd engaged in sexually explicit conduct for the purpose of producing visual depictions
of same.
His schedule appeared in Salt Lake City's third district, Court July 25, for preliminary
hearing.
Prosecutors alleged he gave the girls booze before engaging in sex.
Well, that's always a good idea.
Since losing an American idol, Boyd's been pushing his new album of Pop Hip Hop songs
on his MySpace.com page.
The site said that Boyd graduated from the University of Utah as anticipating entering
the field of entertainment law.
Oh, man.
Since his arrest, fans have posted well wishes on the website.
On his blog, Boyd's family wrote a message declaring there are two sides to restore it
and soliciting money for his legal defense.
I didn't like that.
Maybe they like to build a fence.
So there's soliciting money for defense.
96 people hate today's pool and some jackass had the Godfather belongs on there.
And then some...
See, the guy is just a Mr. contrary to called me for about...
Oh, Garden City's my favorite movie and what was the other thing?
Oh, and, yeah.
I wouldn't like...
Yeah.
In other words, whatever you say, you're full of crap and I know it all.
Yeah, that's why you're sitting on your ass calling some stupid radio talk show on a phone,
you jackass.
Michael Pareni writes in the Columbus Free Press the stolen election of 2004.
This is very long and almost as convoluted.
No, it's not convoluted.
It spells out pretty clearly.
So I do it.
I'm going to do it.
Do it.
The 2004 presidential contest between John Kerry and the Republican George Bush.
I'm on to do another stolen election.
This has been well documented by such investigators as Representative John Conniers, Mark Kristenmiller,
Bob Petrakis, Harvey Wonserman, Bev Harrison others.
Here is an overview of what they reported along with observations of my own says, Michael.
Some 105 million citizens voted in 2000, but in 2004 the turnout climbed to at least 122 million.
Pre-election surveys indicated that among the record 16.8 million new voters,
Kerry was a heavy favorite, a fact that went largely unreported by the press.
In addition, there were about 2 million progressives who had voted for NATO in 2000,
who switched to Kerry in 2004.
Yet the official 2004 tally showed Bush with 62 million votes, about 11.6 million more than he got in 2000.
Meanwhile, Kerry showed only 8 million more votes than Gourgott in 2000.
To have achieved his remarkable 2004 tally, Bush would have needed to have kept all his 50.4 million from 2000
plus a majority of the new voters, plus a very large share of the very liberal NATO defectors.
Nothing in the campaign in the opinion polls suggest such a mass crossover, the numbers simply do not add up.
Absolutely.
In key states like Ohio, the Democrats achieved immense success at registering new voters,
outdoing the Republicans by as much as 5 to 1.
Moreover, the Democratic Party was unusually united around its candidate, or certainly against the incumbent.
In contrast, prominent elements within the GOP, despite open disaffection,
publicly voicing serious misgivings about the Bush administration's huge budget deficits,
reckless foreign policy, theocratic tendencies and threats to individual liberties.
Sixty newspapers that endorsed Bush in 2000 refused to do so in 2004.
In fact, 40 of them endorsed Kerry.
All through election day 2004, the exit poll showed Kerry had 53 to 47 percent,
giving him a nationwide age of about 1.5 million votes as solid and a solid victory in electoral college.
Yet, strangely enough, the official tally gave Bush the election.
Here are some examples of how the GOP victory was secured.
So now we do the break and then we'll come back and read hours and hours of that.
And of course, the MST and the mainstream media are in the screaming bloody murder.
Most of the Democrats aren't either because, you know, just like John Kerry and just like Al Gore, they're mum.
Somebody made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
I think they were trying to pull out their fingernails like the Shaw used to do.
You know, I'm sure that it's been done throughout history, but that's one of the most well-known,
the Shaw and the Savak in Iran.
Our hard-guided, we put in Iran, that's right, the Shaw.
After we got rid of Mosinik, and they put the Shaw of Iran in there,
and he had the Savak, which was kind of like the Tantan Makoot and Haiti,
and probably like the CIA is doing.
And that was one of their favorite things was pulling out people's fingernails to make them talk.
So that's what you'll see George J. McCleone gets his finger.
And then you wish you saw all the other nine pulled out too, because he deserved it.
Mm-hmm.
Just for writing and directing and being in that movie.
19 to noon at 560 W.D. Q.A. and lobster fest is back every Friday through Sunday at the Imelcoast,
the best Chinese buffet in South Florida by a mile.
And they got three locations for you.
Sunrise, Pemberpods, and Sunny Owes Beach.
Everybody and their brothers got a Chinese buffet in town right now, but there's nothing like the Imelcoast, only imitators.
They've got over 100 different items featured on the Imelcoast buffet, so try them all.
If you're a real pig, start out with six gourmet soups.
Then go for the juicy, succulent New York steak grilled here or order, hand-carved primary.
If there's a sushi bar, all the traditional Asian dishes as well as a salad, and they see a bar.
You won't know what to eat next at the Imelcoast.
And their dessert bar is spectacular during the week, but on the weekends, the 40-inch chocolate thomel
will really make you drool all over your pantaloonies.
You'll be hand-dipping strawberries, marshmallows, cheesecake, other dectodon treats,
and loads of milk chocolate for dessert, a perfect ending to a big pig out of the Imelcoast.
And don't forget, you won't walk out of there with a big MSG headache or any other ailments because they use only the best.
Only healthy cholesterol, free canola oil, all are cooking.
No cornstarch, no MSG, no crap.
So bring the whole family to the Imelcoast today, or real soon.
Maybe this weekend will be a good time.
For reservations at the Imelcoast Chinese buffet, call 954-572-3822.
954-572-3822.
And when you call Richard at the Imelcoast, congratulate him that the least didn't lose one playoff game this season.
And don't forget, every Friday through Sunday, it's a lot of fun at the Imelcoast
where you can eat your hearts content without spending a lot of green.
This is Neil Rogers for this, is 562-A-Z.
Oh God!
Here we go, here we go.
Here we go, here we go, here we go.
Evan Hoenheon, W. Foo-A-A-F.
That was my obligatory route to strong opens to familiarize myself to you, the listening audience on this, my live audition on the air.
Many thanks to Clarence and Grypa for the lightful dinner and date last night.
That was a wild grind under the Shaqilo-Neil post-a over my headboard.
I say Shaqilo-Neil in order to distance myself from those who just say Shaq, in an attempt to establish my own identity.
So thanks, fellas, you say I have the gift of gab as opposed to being ungifted in other ways.
So let's talk intensive sports now, shall we?
It provides never-shuties such as myself an opportunity to feel accomplished in something they never could accomplish in their lives.
Even in high school when I would hide under the bleaches from the bullies and ogled the jocks,
sneaking to the locker room to win Hail Yellow Laundry.
I am glad to be sitting down after last night with Clarence and Grypa.
All day I have been walking like William Boyd.
We'll be right back with more broadcast professionalism after these voids for Master O'Glyde.
The following program is brought to you by...
Master O'Glyde!
Welcome.
So, on the 47th, 13th of June, I can just play that and listen to that all day.
It's a classic.
It is. Each line in there requires a little bit of...
It's kind of like Siam, and I have to like, aim a line.
Anyway, getting back to this, I'll read that last paragraph again and then go through lots and lots of this meal being a coma.
But nevertheless, because the mainstream media, like I said, doesn't even...
They acknowledge it. They don't talk about it. They don't want to know from it.
Because it's like you said, they've already sold out anyway, so why don't they try?
That's not only that, but then they'll start getting fined it again.
And the FCC will find all those tapes, all those sporting events, and God will knows what else.
All through Election Day, 2004 exit poll showed Kerry a head 53 to 47 percent giving him a nationwide edge of 1.5 million votes,
and a solid victory in the electoral college, yet strangely enough, the official tally gave Bush the electioneer some examples of how this EOP victory that's in quotes was secured.
In some places, lives number of democratic registration forms disappeared, along with absentee ballots and provisional ballots.
Sometimes absentee ballots were made out of voters just before Election Day, too late to be returned on time, or they were never made out at all.
Overseas ballots, normally reliably distributed by the State Department, were for some reason distributed by the Pentagon in 2004,
nearly half of the 6 million American voters living abroad, a noticeable number of whom formed anti-bush organizations, never received their ballots or got them too late to vote.
Military personnel, usually more inclined towards supporting the president, encountered no such problems with their overseas ballots.
Voter outreach of America, a company funded by the Republican National Committee collected thousands of voter registration forms in Nevada, promising to turn them over to public officials, but then systematically destroying the ones belonging to Democrats.
Tens of thousands of democratic voters were stricken from the roles in several states because of felonies never committed or committed by somebody else or for no given reason.
Registration books and democratic precincts were frequently out of date or incomplete.
Democratic precincts, enjoying record turnout, through the previous sufficient numbers of polling stations and voting machines, and many of the machines they had kept breaking down.
After waiting long hours, many people went home without voting.
Pro-bush precincts almost always had enough voting machines, all working well enough to make voting quick and convenient.
A similar pattern was observed with student populations in several states.
Students at conservative Christian colleges had little or no way to the polls while students from liberal arts colleges were forced to land up for as long as 10 hours causing many to give up and not vote.
In Lucas County, Ohio, one polling place never opened.
Devoting machines were locked in an office and no one could find a key.
In Hamilton County, many absentee voters couldn't cast Democratic vote for president because John Kerry's name had been accidentally removed when Ralph Nader was taken off the ballot.
A polling station in a conservative evangelical church in Miami County, Ohio, recorded an impossibly high turnout of 98 percent while a polling place in Democratic Intercity Cleveland recorded an impossibly low turnout of 7 percent.
Latino, Native American and African American voters in New Mexico, were favored carried by two to one, were five times more likely to have their ballots spoiled and discarded, and this rate supervised by Republican election officials.
Many were given provisional ballots and subsequently were never counted.
In the same Democratic area as Bush won and astonishing 68 to 31 percent upset victory.
Long Republican judge in New Mexico discarded hundreds of provisional ballots cast for Kerry excepting only those that were for Bush.
Can we read that last sentence again?
Long Republican judge in New Mexico discarded hundreds of provisional ballots that were cast for Kerry excepting only those that were for Bush.
Congress of right wing activists, many of them religious fundamentalists were financed by the Republican Party.
Deployed to key Democratic precincts, they handed out flyers warning that voters who had unpaid parking tickets and arrest record or old child support would be arrested at the polls all of course untrue.
They went door to door offering to deliver absentee ballots to the proper office announcing that Republicans would vote Tuesday election day and Democrats on Wednesday.
Democratic poll watches in Ohio, Arizona and other states who tried to monitor election election election night vote counting were menaced and shut out by squads of GOP Tuffs.
In Warren County, Ohio immediately after the polls closed Republican officials announced a terrorist attack alert in order to press to leave.
They then moved all ballots to a warehouse where the county was conducted in secret producing an amazingly high tally for Bush.
Some 14,000 more votes than he had received in 2000. It wasn't a terrorist to attack Warren County.
Bush did remarkably well with phantom populations. The number of votes in Perry and Kyoga counties in Ohio exceeded the number of registered voters creating turnout rates as high as 124%.
In Miami County, nearly 19,000 additional votes, nearly appeared in Bush's column after all the precincts had reported.
In a small conservative suburban precinct of Columbus, only 638 people were registered. The touchscreen machines tallyed 4,258 votes for Bush.
In almost half of Mexico's counties, more votes were reported than were recorded as being cast and the tallys were consistently in Bush's favor.
These ghostly results were dismissed by New Mexico's Republican Secretary of State as an administrative lapse.
Exit polls showed, carry solubly hit a Bush in both the popular vote and the electoral college. Exit polls are an exceptionally accurate measure of elections.
In the last three elections in Germany, for example, exit polls were never off by more than 3 tens of 1%. Unlike ordinary opinion polls, the exit sample is drawn from people who have actually just voted.
It rules out those who say they will vote but never make it to the polls and those who can't be sampled because they have no telephone or otherwise can't be reached at home.
Those who are undecided or those who change their minds about whom to support and those who are turned away at the polls for one reason or another.
Exit polls have come to be considered so reliable that international organizations use them to validate election results in countries all over the world.
Republicans argued that in 2004 the exit polls were inaccurate because they were taken only in the morning when carry voters came out of greater numbers, apparently Bush voters sleep late.
In fact, the polling was then at random intervals all throughout the day and the evening results were as much favoring carry as the early results.
It was also argued that pollsters focus more on women who favored carry than men or maybe large numbers of grumpy Republicans were less inclined than jury Democrats to talk to pollsters.
No evidence was put forth to substantiate these fancivil speculations.
Most revealing the discrepancies between exit polls and official tallies were never random but worked the Bush's advantage and 10 out of 11 swing states that were too close to call sometimes by as much as 9.5% is in New Hampshire and unheard of margin of error for an exit poll.
In Nevada or Ohio, New Mexico and Iowa exit polls registered solid victories for carry yet the official tallies case went to Bush a mystifying outcome.
In states that were not hotly contested, the exit polls proved quite accurate. Thus exit polls in Utah predicted the victory of per Bush 70.8% to 26.4%, the actual result was 71.1% to 26.4% almost exactly the same.
In Missouri where the exit polls predicted a Bush victory of 54% to 46%, the final result was 53% to 46%.
One explanation for the strange anomalies in the vote tallies was found in the widespread use of touchscreen electronic voting machines. These machines produced results that consistently favored Bush over carry often in chillingly consistent coverage and divisive polls.
In 2003 more than 900 computer professionals assigned a petition urging that all touchscreen systems include a verifiable audit trail.
Touch screen voting machines can be easily programmed to go dead on election day or throw votes to the wrong candidate or make votes disappear while leaving the impression that everything is working just fine.
Oh, we're fine. A tiny number of operatives can easily access the entire computer network through one machine and thereby change votes at will.
The touchscreen machines use trade secret code and are tested reviewed and certified in complete secrecy, verified counts are impossible because the machines leave no reliable paper trail.
Since the introduction of touchscreen voting, mysterious congressional election results have been increasing. In 2000 and 2002, Senate and House Contents and state legislative races in North Carolina and Nebraska, Alabama, Minnesota, Colorado and elsewhere produced dramatic and puzzling upsets.
Always if the express of Democrats who were ahead in the polls and some counties in Texas, Virginia and Ohio voters who pressed the Democrats name found that the Republican candidate was chosen.
I told you, friend of mine did that in Florida and Brown County pressed the carry and it came up Bush and I told you that.
Yes, he did.
And Cromwell County Texas 3G O.P. candidates won by exactly 18,000, 1801 votes apiece a near statistical impossibility.
All our Georgia voters used die-bowl touchscreen machines in 2002 and Georgia's incumbent Democratic governor and incumbent Democratic Senator who were both well ahead in the polls just before the election lost an amazing double digit voting shifts.
This may be the most telling piece of information of all. In New Mexico in 2004, carry lost all precincts equipped with touchscreen machines irrespective of income levels, ethnicity and past voting patterns.
The only thing that consistently correlated with his defeat in those precincts was the presence of the touchscreen machine itself.
In Florida, Bush registered an expertly sharp jumps in his vote compared to 2000 and counties that use touchscreen machines.
Companies like Die Bull, Sequoia and ESNS that market the touchscreen machines are owned by militant supporters of the Republican Party.
These companies have consistently refused to implement a paper trail to dispel suspicions and give instant validation of the results of electronic voting.
They prefer to keep things secret claiming proprietary rights and claim this in fact in court.
Election officials aren't allowed to evaluate the secret software. Apparently corporate trade secrets are more important than voting rights.
In effect, corporations have privatized the electoral system, leaving it easily susceptible to fixed outcomes.
Given the situation and is not likely the GOP will lose control of Congress come November, the two party monopoly threatens to become an even worse one party tyranny.
This is Neil Roger.
Oh my God.
This is 5.69.8.
This is Dick Cheney.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Roger's 12th of one hour.
W.
Yeah we.
Oh
Why are we warning?
This is the W.
Q.A.
W.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
Q.A.
background all she can do is lie on her back and say kill the Jews.
Oh, there is a right wing, partisan thinking of mini-skirt and nylon wing.
Nothing bad will ever happen to him, cuz evil always wins you dig.
Evil always wins, well when she's on TV you fools.
Flankly stare with a little drool and laugh along with the hateful swell.
A partisan pungent side choke-filled.
Coaster is a fascist party dog.
Coaster is a fascist party dog.
Coaster is a fascist party dog.
Whose views are made on you, you.
Seen the hateful's view.
Q, Q, Q.
Q, Q.
But she does have one hell of an Adam's apple after that.
Big is your head.
120560 WQ, I just had a brainstorm during the last break there.
I try not to read something that's that long and ponderous.
Although I think that was worth it.
Not that long at all.
No, wasn't that bad.
But I'm thinking that once we get through the summer schedule,
like the week after Labor Day, go back to a regular schedule,
the way we'll do it is like, I'll do 10 to 1 every day,
and I'll sit and ramble on and read these a bit times to his.
Then one to two George can take all your rate calls.
Oh yeah.
I don't think it was a brainstorm.
All the colors love you, man.
All the colors are just that you speak to you.
That's right.
All three of them.
Oh, you know.
You want to.
Yeah.
I mean, what would your brother hurt all those statistics there
and that depressing information about how the Republicans are seeking all the elections?
Or would your brother hurt?
Please, please.
What do you rather hurt that about any time?
Is that a trick question?
Yeah.
I want you to think about it.
Put on your stinking cap.
And then watch Seriana.
Oh, you got to put a stinking cap on before you watch that.
That's what some people would say.
The student would like to say would say, oh, it's too cerebral for you, Neil.
You just don't understand it.
I got news for you, man.
Even the people that wrote it don't understand it.
Just a hard project of attempts to say something.
If you're going to say something, come out and say it.
Quit being a word.
That's the one thing that bugs me about that, the Daily Show.
They keep hinting and yuking in the audience,
and they're wailing and screaming out.
Just come out and say it, OK?
Like when they had, what's your name on there?
Kevin Spacey the other day.
Oh, geez.
He's hinting at doing a rip job on Bush,
but he doesn't actually come out and say.
He's just supposed to assume we know what he's what wants to say,
and the audience is whoop it up.
And I was like, of course, by that time at the night they're all stoned off their ass anyway.
So they must ragged those people and off the street.
The ones who weren't part of the staff.
616.
Now, I don't know if you've ever seen it.
Have you ever saw it in network?
Although Josh is probably asleep by that point.
Remember, they showed the guys who are prompters
with the audience and they're running around the audience to whoop it up.
Like that's all the TV shows.
That's why you hear these people screaming and whooping, especially
at some of the most inopportune times, you know?
Like they just announced somebody's dog died.
And they're like, yeah, you know, like crazy people.
Oh, Israel's enforcing Naval and Air Blockade in Lebanon.
Here we go again.
When a bomb a grande, when a bomb in Pakenia,
all the bombs all the time.
It's almost enough to inspire me to play that damn thing.
1, 2, 3, 4, more bombs drop.
Oh!
6, 7, 8, 4, bombs drop.
Oh!
9, 10, 11, 12, more bombs drop.
We're going to drop.
The bomb.
I'm the block, but I'm on the drop.
And bombs and vehicles dance.
Oh, yeah.
616 votes on the poll.
Some thing place or person that seemed better years later than it really was.
I think that's a great poll.
Sure.
The audience doesn't.
At least when we got, you know, in the summertime.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I hate this poll.
156.9%.
Early sex experience at 79.
High school 72.
My hometown 44.
Yeah, it was pretty weak.
Early TV 43.
Top 40 radio 34.
The 80s.
33.
JFK.
He still stuck on.
3rd man.
The 70s 28.
The 80s 26.
College 25.
New York 19.
Oh, New York was great.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
Early porn 18.
Robert Reagan 13.
His clock movies 13.
Restaurants that are now closed 12.
The 50s 11.
Detroit 8.
And Harry Truman.
Solomon Tessay.
So only 6.
For Harry.
Got some bad news for the bitch with a big Adam's apple by the way.
I'm not really bad news.
It's going to cost about 40 cent a day.
Or maybe more like.
Top 30, man.
And colders.
No stranger to controversy.
But her latest adventures have several newspapers questioning whether carrying her syndicated
column is worth the trouble.
The Shree Fort Louisiana Times is currently leaving the decision whether or not to keep
coder up to its readers.
But the first newspaper to officially drop coders column since the latest uproar began
seems to be the gazette of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, where the comma appeared for about 14
months.
Opinion page editor Doug Newman told editor and publisher our decision was made before
the plagiarism allegations.
It did come after the publication of coders book.
But I would say it didn't directly play any role in our decision.
However, Newman surmised the coder's incendiary book may have played an indirect role in the
final decision.
I think it was a book that began to unwind support him on her readers' newman explain.
Unwind support.
How do you like that?
Liberals have never liked him.
We've always gotten complaints from them.
But the complaints that mattered the most were from the conservative readers who felt
that their views were being misrepresented.
Especially about those heartless 9-11 widows, you know?
Those bitches.
I mean, the stuff that she says most people would be like drag off the stage and whip them
to a drawn in quarter for that.
Colders syndicate universal press theater plagiarism charges earlier this week.
All our storages is plenty more to come.
Though because that may be the first to drop the outspoken conservative comments in recent
months, Newman emphasized it's not uncommon for opinion pages to change their lineup.
The daily, his long-published conservative, Cal Thomas, replaced Colder with another
conservative David Limbaugh.
Who the hell is that?
I don't know.
How is he a brother of a rush?
I don't know.
That's why I don't know.
We've always had a rich line of conservative comments that Newman and we still do.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.
int Word
a
Association
Wushin' this already, my bad, uh-oh!
Wushin' this already, my bad, uh-oh!
Wushin' this already, my bad, uh-oh!
Wushin' this already, my bad, uh-oh!
If they told his decentest slum and retarded,
3,000 lives will never be a bench.
Cause you brainwashed mucky!
Or so, baaah!
Stupid, you'll put a back end off a buggekin'
are
on
been
The foundation of Goryam.
From 19 to 560,
you can't say too many good things about his release,
like, although we finally do have a story
that kind of redeems him just a little tiny bit.
Fox crew shot at in Israel.
All right.
And here on Ross story,
I just put a descendant of the judge
to put on our website.
I'm not going to read the whole thing.
It's got the transcript.
They were talking to the Fox correspondent, David Lee Miller,
and all of a sudden,
I can't see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's going on, but it'll be, but it will be.
And he's like, whoa, we just got fired at.
That's the end of this broadcast.
I know if you guys can still hear us.
I'll go do what you need to do.
I guess we're still on the satellite here.
David, do what you need to be safe.
Someone fired at us.
To back in the.
Yeah.
See, one thing about the Israelis,
they're not too keen on Nazi.
So when Fox News shows up there,
I'm too crazy about that.
So we'll at least say that for him anyway.
Can't say too much else,
but nevertheless, we'll take it.
Martin and Fort Myers says on this fact,
even though we all know that something smelled bad
on the election day,
the article to stole election 2004
is very disturbing.
And sir, you are.
That's so little correction.
When you add why we fight documentary,
you can get a very nice picture of what lays ahead of us.
And it ain't a pretty picture, Martin, you're right.
It basically means that this nation is screwed
for a long time to come.
No matter what scandal in the GOP,
no matter how many more soldiers are killed,
they'll do whatever they want.
If we had a bit of democracy in this computer article,
we'd be right on every news channel
until Commander W.
resigns an apologizes to the nation.
Not that Democrats are much better.
Two official parties are still just one more
than Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union had.
This is Martin and Fort Myers.
Very first vacation's Martin.
And like I said, you got your thumb on it.
And I keep my name, well, it's probably a fictitious name.
Good thinking, Martin.
Yeah.
As in like my favorite Martin.
Favorite stop and think about that?
My favorite Martin's name was Martin.
Yeah, I did.
I got it.
I got it.
Never really dawned.
That's because I'm too slow to understand
like complex things like Seriana.
Yeah, well, very cerebral comedy show that was.
It was.
Well, that's why I don't want those things
to can protrude into my head
and then set it coming out of the arena.
It was connected to his brain.
646 votes on the poll.
I'm not going to read the result now
because they they I hate this poll.
It's got 17% 111.
That combined with that poll
that's suggesting we put the Godfather
and that is so stupid man.
Just stupid.
Just take your pants down,
bend over and show the world your.
Bratcom asked that evidently is the number one hobby
in South Florida during the summertime,
which is why I know you're going to have a great one to two
hour.
I'll take a lot of calls on chomping at the bit.
It's the guilty warm up hour.
I'll say that for you.
And then now that we got the all star break finally over,
we got the marlins back in action again.
It's the use of an asterisk.
We got Don Trell pitching to that.
And who they got pitching?
I'm not sure.
No, I a hangs it in name and sounded like,
I don't know, I can even upper.
And then they got Roger Clemens tomorrow
with his big fat.
Bratcom asked.
Yeah, I'll be engineering that game all by the way.
What do you mean by that?
Dave will not be there.
So Chessie will be filling in for him.
So I'm engineering it.
No way to mind.
Where the game tomorrow night.
That's right.
Dave and boring will not be there.
They've been horned.
Will not be there.
Who will be absent?
And Jesse Agler will be doing again with Roxy.
Jesse Agler is going to be broadcasting the Marlin game tomorrow night.
Well, he's part of the broadcast already.
What does he do?
He chimes in with score updates and he does the pre and post game.
Oh, well, why wouldn't they just have Roxy do the whole game?
I mean, not that I want to like pee on Jesse's parade.
He may be okay or not.
I don't know.
He's a fine.
Well, where's Dave and boring going to be?
Not that it's in a lot of time.
I don't know.
I'll have to tell you.
Well, come on, Mr. Marlin insider.
Let's go ask me to fill in.
I said, yes.
That was that.
Well, I'll be damned.
Maybe Dave and somebody's taken him to the pot.
Or maybe he's going to smoke some.
Couldn't put him in the middle of the coma that he already sounds like.
Albert Einstein had half a dozen girlfriends and told his wife they showered him with
unwanted affection.
According to letters released this week that said, let on his extramarital affairs.
How do you like that?
Look at this smart guy.
Sure.
Smart guy scored round a lot.
If they can.
Well, listen, if you knew what he looked like.
Oh, yeah.
It gives him all the players.
The wild hair Jewish German scientist, renowned for his theory of relativity, which means
he likes to do his relatives, spent a little time at home.
He lectured in Europe and the USA where he died in 1955, the age of 76.
But Einstein wrote hundreds of letters to his family.
Previously released, let her suggested his marriage in 1903 to his first wife, Maliva
Merich, mother of his two sons, was miserable.
miserable bitch.
They divorced in 1919.
He soon married his cousin Elsa.
But there was an awful lot of marrying me or your cousin, wasn't Eleanor Franklin Roosevelt
I think second cousin?
That's sure.
What a ugly, dark, my God.
I would say she looked like a guy, but that would be an insult to guys.
Thank you.
Anyway, Albert Einstein cheated on his second cousin Elsa with a secretary, Betty Newman,
probably came to Alfred E.
In the new volume of letters released this week by Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Einstein
described about six women with whom he spent time and from whom he received yet
while being married to Elsa.
In the early 1980s, Elsa's daughter, Margot gave almost 14 hundred letters to Hebrew
University, which Einstein helped found.
The Margot directed that the letter is not very released publicly until 20 years after
her death.
She died July 8, 1986, which means some of the women identified by Einstein included Estella,
Etheltonian, his Russian spy lover, Margarita.
Oh, just like Josh Cortes, he had a Russian spy lover.
Others are referred to only by initials like M and L.
It is true that M followed me to England and her chasing after me is getting out of control.
He wrote a letter to Margot in 1931.
Out of all the dames, I'm in fact attached only to Mrs. L, who was absolutely harmless
and decent.
In another post of Margot, Einstein asked his stepdaughter to pass on a little letter from
Margarita to avoid providing curious eyes with tidbits.
Barbara Wolf of the Hebrew University's Albert Einstein, I've said to the persistent M.
L. was Berlin's socialite Ethel Mckinowski, who was involved with Einstein in late 20s
and early 30s.
Wolf described their relationship as an affair.
I don't know if she disclosed them else about Mckinowski, although she was about 15
years younger than Einstein.
And was friendly with his stepdaughter.
You go boy.
Oh man, there you go.
So I was going to show you life is more than just being a bookworm.
Okay, there's more worms than just in the book.
That's right.
Now I'm looking at the thing on this log here.
Do we get that straight now with the Christian who seems to be having a little problem with
his log?
You know, the thing I talked to Chris about, well, I haven't heard anything about it.
He's got that billboard thing in it.
One bizarre 15 seconds spot in the middle of the half-hour.
Does that spot actually exist?
It does not show up during our show on the autolog, it just shows up in the log log.
No, but what do you mean by that?
In other words, the computer log one that we actually play the spots from.
Yeah, it's not a part of that.
That was old.
So it doesn't play.
Okay, during the break time, they go watch Seriana again.
This is Neil Rogers.
This one is much more sensitive.
5.16.28.
My junior, honey.
Team Dungeon, Kelly, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred,
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred,
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred,
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred,
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred, Fred
Everyone Beliegs
Friends, new set of wheels, are you sure?
If you got the balls to give a call, just remember that he will take your crap.
He's Jordan, Jordan, Fort Vegas, Queen as he can be.
You don't find no jeans, don't give him no.
You am, what do you want?
George, George, Fort Vegas, Chris Dixon of Adventure, oh.
Oh, Tom Christian, be good, of your friendly NSA.
You don't hear a lot of negative things about our agency, but I'm here to tell you about the good things we do.
Like fighting tourism.
I ask you what better way to fight tourism than to make all of you suspects.
Now, how can you miss, especially when we were ordered to stand down on the real ones?
Since my denator gave us full access to your checking accounts for, oh, just about anything except for the city bag money train and was used by the Saudi.
We have great news for those of you who have nothing to hide.
Now you no longer have to worry about paying those bills that are coming new.
The NSA will pay them for you, whether you have the funds or not.
This service is already paid for by your tax dollars, and he want to speak out against it will be designated al-Qaeda.
Thank you for your silence and obedience.
NSA.
We know your life story.
NSA.
Build pain.
We know your life.
Well, what the hell are we doing now?
Now I hate starting the show at 1 o'clock.
Man, this has never happened, I don't think.
Not since you've been here.
He used to do this kind of stuff all the time, just for...
The whole hang all the time?
Yeah.
Is that what we're calling it now?
It's a hang-key.
Pulling a hang-key?
Yeah.
He's got a legitimate excuse this time, or at least he's saying he does,
but he used to just do this at the drop of a hat like,
I gotta go, I just want to go, I don't want to be here.
And he'd take off.
And how do you start at 1?
Like, we can't continue with what he was talking about,
because he's soted up all very nicely.
No loose ends, read that great story.
Speaking of loose ends, remember they're coming out with more of that kind of stuff if you're into the conspiracy thing,
the 9-11, the blah, blah, blah.
And you know, it doesn't really matter, because I don't have to take a position on whether or not they actually made it happen.
They knew it was gonna happen.
That's enough for me, how's that?
I don't need to go any further than that.
When you see Fahrenheit 9-11, and you see the, there's the memo right there being handed to them,
and they didn't do anything, it's because they knew that it was gonna happen,
and they really wanted it to happen.
So I don't have to believe that they went and sat there with the Saudis at the table,
and you know, with a chart, and planned the whole thing out together.
It's bad enough that they knew that something was happening, and they sat on their ass.
And then of course all that other stuff, like how everybody stopped flying,
however, all the government officials stopped flying on the public airways,
and started taking these private charter flights, et cetera, immediately,
and all the memos that were before it.
So they knew something was up, whether or not they had a hand in planning it or not.
You see all these videos of the Pentagon, and what actually hit the Pentagon,
who the hell knows.
But so you've got a lot of watching to do.
We've already, this is where we left off.
Good guys, you've got all kinds of watching to do.
Look, it's been raining lately.
I know you're a busy man, you're working.
But with the weather, the way that it is, you might as well just lock yourself
into a nice air-conditioned room, which I know you have,
and watch a whole bunch of things.
Just get your supplies, pretend like it's the winter in Montana,
because that's what we would have to do.
You sure as hell didn't want to go outside.
There's nothing going on out there, so you would lock yourself in,
or the snow would do that for you.
And you'd hopefully had a lot of videos.
And by the way, you knew it was winter, because you'd go to the video store.
This is how you wind up watching a whole bunch of stuff that you normally would never
be doing.
It's being in a place like that, and you go to the video store,
and everything's gone.
There's like three videos left on the shelf.
I guess what you do there, right?
And that's it.
Well, that's one of the two things that you do there.
In the winter, there's something else, and that's all part of it, too.
That's all means to an end.
I mean, you can't do that the whole while.
You watch a little bit of movies before it.
Yeah, it starts with a movie.
It turns into that.
It turns into that.
And then afterwards, you watch a little bit more movie while you're having a snack.
And then you do that a little bit more, and then you watch some more movies.
So get your girl, get the Russian girl over there, and do that.
Pretend that it's winter in Alaska.
You got to watch the why we fight just to be knowledgeable.
And I'm not going to make you watch out Fox.
I'm going to make my wife watch that, because she's the one that keeps putting it on Fox News.
She puts it on Greta.
Because she likes the lawyer talk, courtroom drama, and lawyer talking, and scream about it all the time.
I was just watching Greta.
And then she says like, yeah, but you watch Greta, and they run their promos.
They do their little news flashes, and O'Reilly invariably is on there during every commercial break.
Bobbing is head in my general direction saying, filafel over and over again, saying that he wants to luffam me with a filafel.
Now, that is something that's funny.
You know how the Daily Show has bond ties with sometimes, and some of these other shows.
They'll make a point.
And this is how the story was represented on Fox News, or something that they'll have all these clips and rapid succession over and over again.
There's a whole bunch of those kinds of things in the movie out Fox.
So maybe you should watch it just for that entertainment thing.
Like they have Bill O'Reilly saying, I never tell, I'm only going, in eight years, I've only told a guest to shut up once, and then cut to the montage.
Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up.
To this person to that person over and over again, very interesting.
Maybe when you catch up a little bit, I'll get you that.
But first you have to see why we fight, and what was the fatso?
I have fatso.
I'm not saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that
but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that
but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that, but I'm saying that by thinking about what's going to be called while we're dealing with
that is that we're going up, we wind up going all the way down there, me,
Roli and Alex, the other promotions guy in the station van, just to schlep a
whole lot of dog food for his seeing eye dog. That's it, that's what we
wind up and I used to and I thought, all right I said I was going to go down
there and help you, I'll go down there and help you, you know if it's to get a bag of
dog food, when you hear that somebody needs their dog food you've got a paper bag
in your mind, right? Rolled up at the top, you grab it with one hand and you go.
Well the big one, that's what you had in mind, right? Right? No, no, I'm trying to
see if we have a tub in here, approximately the size of the tub of dog food
that he was talking about. Like a rubber made, big ass rubber made, big ass
work out like the size of a coffin for a fat man, okay? Like he buys it in bulk or
it must be special or there's something like that but obviously he couldn't
negotiate at that tub and the dog and the stairs all by himself and it took a
couple of us, you know, one two to help him and one to help the dog food. Oh and
the security guy that gave us the escort of stairs because they didn't want
looters in the hotel and I thought it's funny because as Mike was fumbling
with his key to open the door the security guy was really nice and shine the
light on the keyhole so did it help him out of this? Like I can see it and then you're
going, yeah, yeah, it did, it made the operation go way faster. It's funny, I worked
with Mike Bohan who was blind, you've heard me talk about him for years over at
IOD, great guy and we would sit there and talk about all the funny things that
people do around blind people like Yale for example and he's always telling
people I'm blind not deaf. Okay and another one, yeah, so always making jokes
I was cracking Rolian Alex up because we're driving down South Beach and guess what?
It was all around his hotties right everywhere. Good God, it was a cloudy day, that
didn't stop the hotties from walking around on South Beach and so I'm going,
hey, Mike, check her out over there and he's playing along and Alex and Rolian
just laughing and so we're posing for some pictures because of course the
promotions guys, they got to take some pictures to try to make a way bigger
deal out of this than it is. He know the promotions guys. QAM with that guy that was on
Channel 7. Oh yeah, yeah, so we're posing for some pictures and just like I did with you
when we posed for a picture, I did the rabbit ears behind your head, there was
a picture of my mom and a family group that I'm not doing the rabbit ears behind my mom's head.
It's the thing that I do. I like to do rabbit ears. Oh you did that by the picture that we took
for... Yeah, you and me, I did rabbit ears. I wouldn't know because I'm going to put it up so
I have a... They're called rabbit ears but I... I'm doing double horns, that's what I'm doing.
I'm trying to get you looking like you have antenna or double horns behind your head. Okay.
And so we're posing and I'm doing it with Mike. I'm putting the rabbit ears behind my
head and Mike, my fist is right up against his head and I'm saying to Mike, hey, I'm doing rabbit
ears on your head, all right Mike? And we're all yuking it up in some guy, I don't know if he knew him
or what, some foreigner was walking by, cussed me out. Is that right? Oh yeah, Jewish son of a
B, you're mother, I don't know what country he was from, it wasn't an accent that I recognized.
Eastern blocks, Scandinavian, Soviet, who the hell knows what accent the skinhead was sporting.
Totally humorless ass who didn't have any idea what was going on. Thought that we were having fun
at Mike's expense. Which, it's none of his business anyway, but I thought that was funny cussing me
out and like, you get away from me. Forer and suck. What is it with people from other countries?
Mind your own business already. Except British guys who are coming to make martini sure.
Oh, I love those kind of guys and refugees like me. See, I can say foreigner suck because get it
foreigner. So I gotta get this, for two days I've been trying to get lies, lies, lies by ministry.
No luck. Someone is going to have to email it to me. Why is that song all precious? There's this video,
I haven't seen that yet. But, it was on YouTube, right? Right, I haven't bothered to go look,
maybe I'll go look during the break, but I want a recording. I don't want to run into the same
problem that I had when I downloaded or when I just recorded the audio of the Narls Barkley
performance on YouTube because I like that version better. What you're getting is just a monomodic
crappy that something that you would record off your TV kind of thing. That's what it sounded like.
Which is why I'm begging Boca Bryan to remix it the way that we like it. He says he's gonna. He says
he's working on it. He says he's working on it. That'll be a present for us one of these days.
Thank you Boca. And I'm listening. I'm in the process of listening to the rest of that disc.
So far halfway through so far nothing to talk about. I forgot I, I, I, I, I remake a violent
family gone daddy gone where it sounds almost identical like it's not different enough to even
mention. So the original is still better. There's no reason. Because if you're going to make that
better, the first thing that you got to do is take out the xylophones. What is it with people in
xylophones? Xylophones are like for comedy. Frank Zappa loves those xylophones. I use the xylophones.
I can't stand them. And violent fans they use the lot of xylophones. So if you're going to remake
that song, phase one, take those obnoxious sounding xylophones out of there. Replace them with
something a little bit more interesting. I just bit the hell out of my little. You're going to make it?
No. Speaking of making it with the hell's our food. I don't know man. I'm going to pass out.
I'm fun to swoon. 113 on 560. All starvation radio WQAM. If you love the finer things in life
than you love Stogies. Miami's quintessential cigar shop in Kindle. What sound float is largest
in selection cigar? Stogies have kindly sure to have your favorites. Stogies has over a thousand
open boxes of cigars to choose from including Arturo Puente, Pedro and Monte Cristo, Romeo and
Julietta, Ashton V.S.G.s as well as the obscure and hard to find. Coming to Stogies today into a
smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from around the world.
Join Stogies every Friday for their famous wine tasting from 5 to 8 pm. This week featuring
some of the most delicious bordeaux, Francesco offered food in the Chateau Maldon 2000,
Cloted with L2003 and lots more located at 116 12 North Kindle Drive and open every day seven
days a week or call to reserve a box of your favorite cigars at Stogies call 305 598 9820. 305 598 9820.
Be sure to say hello to Mario and the girls and receive a free cigar today.
This is the Neil Roger Show. This is 560 QAM.
I take my clothes off. I make a little bit of a with a little bit of a let it hang on.
I make a little bit of a with a little bit of a all right one 18 it was getting a little hot in here.
The hotter if we had some of that pizza one 18 on 560 WQM we got gold coming up at two o'clock
today Jim Mandage himself at four o'clock at six 30 it's Marlins on deck Marlins in the Astros at
705 Ed Kaplan from Las Vegas. That's right correct tell me that's food we just got the call over
there oh man it's not the food. I like when people calling the middle of the show and say stuff
that you can't understand who the hell was that it was Rollie. Coming over here for something okay
maybe he's got the pictures that he wants to show us. I was oblivious they were they were pointing
that out to me as the notice that guy is cousin oh is that what are you saying what channel are you
I'm on channel three channel three the teeny fear factor. Oh, the bikini fear factor. Well look at that
I'm not a scared. I'm not afraid of that. Go ahead try and scare me like out Fox that'll scare you
Well, you know what? You know something's gonna go into this tank that it's not just gonna be water
Oh, yeah, something that bites. I hope oh great dead mice
That's that's pretty gross the pita people ought to have a problem with that now
Did those mice die of natural causes or were they killed for that occasion? I don't know
One of the things that I've always noticed about Fox news not just Fox news
But a lot of these right-wing pundits and the way that they talk is they like to use this phrase and they really go into it
on the movie out Fox some people say that because after they make the point in the movie that this is not a
News channel. It's a it's an opinion channel that has a message that they want to get out to you
This is one of the tools that they use instead of quoting a source which can be refuted
They just make stuff up and then they say well some people say that or there are those who say or I've heard it said that
blah blah blah you follow I know you're awfully distracted by this woman chomping on mice right now
I don't know who she is is this a celebrity bikini fear factor
I don't think so and I like the crotch cam that they're doing
When are we gonna get some more of those shooting the jets?
Remember that balance being with the jets? Why didn't we think of that look at that view too good shot run line
Hey George. Oh wrong number. No, no
Really anyway, how are you?
I'm good. Listen. Oh, I want to thank the person who just like it no sooner than the words right on my mouth
The lies lies lies is right there in my email
Absolutely
Think about both hand two things about both hand of great number one is
Nobody has a better ear to the ground on radio and the right leg of radio got the
Filling happening. No, and no one had a better ear period
I used to try to fake him out by disguising my voice. Can't do it. No, you can't do it either
Right through it and the other thing and the other thing a couple of three years ago
It'd be about three years ago now. He was probably talking about the new big screen TV
He bought I mean he just the guy loves TV right?
He's a blind guy. He watches more shows than I do
All right, right. You know all about them. He was a pit in my dream world
He would be the call screener for my radio show and a lot of chicks
He was always married a lot of chicks love like yes indeed. Don't know what it is. See it. All right. Take it easy. QA Molo
Hello. Yeah, can I talk to Neil? No, I can't no QA Molo
QA Molo
Hey
Blime guys right? Okay, sure I am in a medical equipment industry and I got a patient right okay?
I put a graph bars in his house. He took the motor off the scooter and put a new one on his scooter
I mean you know things that are like what we mean you would look at say oh man
This is a pain of it. Yeah, and I give this guy a lot of credit because
There's something to be said about resourcefulness. Yeah
It's just this guy you might want to know that that you know
Really really smart or able to do things that even the average for example
Okay, all right take it easy. They got they got some powers like as a matter of fact speaking
I'm like bohan who we worked with over at IOD there were people in the building
I don't want to say Roger Magglin who didn't like the presence of this person there didn't like the fact that everything had to have
Braille all over it didn't like that the cart labels had to have braille on them because they obscured the rest of it like and I have
No sympathy for people who feel inconvenienced
When all you're trying to do is help somebody else just just do what they want to do which is work
All right, I have a problem with the people that are on the street walking around with all their limbs and all their eyes and
Shaking a cup at my window who have no excuse here's a guy showing up to work and we had no problem
There's me and a couple other guys that would braille everything up the board everything I'd braille on it
It's like anything that would normally be labeled and a few things that weren't would have braille some of my CDs
Still have braille on them from when I lent them to them
But see you know how people will talk about people that are outside of earshot
Yeah, because like you'll be in a room and a lot of people are in the room talking like the party scene or or over here
You know people in the cafeteria
And people are talking other people are talking nobody's even dropping because you're busy engaged in the conversation
Well Mike can hear all the conversations so he could hear all that crap that Roger was saying about him behind his back
Thinking that we were out of earshot, but guess there's no such thing as out of earshot when you're talking about Mike
How you doing out there Mike send me an email one of these days we used to party QA hello
QA hello
Hello
Turn the radio off. Thank you
Huh I said how's it going?
How's it going man? Hey, how you seeing the movie highway highway? Yeah, we got it little and Jay Gullin
I brought back to it
No, it's dark. Really good movie man. You got to check it out. Okay. You'll have fun
He's like one of those fun movies highway highway. I'll put it on the list all right, man
Josh is googling it now so that we can get something about it QA hello
QA M hello. Yeah
Neil Rogers so this is the Neil Rogers show but Neil left and he didn't without a word without any warning
He just left and we have to kind of kill this last hour. Oh
I don't want to confuse you or anything like that wasn't my idea you know how lazy Neil is I mean
He's an incredibly lazy sliker and he just he just he just tired at one o'clock. I'm listening to you guys on the internet
All from California, so which particular part of California? I'm in San Diego. I see I hear good things about San Diego
Yeah, it's a beautiful city in fact. I used to live in South Florida. I'm sorry
Yeah, listen there and then I got tired of the people there so I moved to Cal
I'm tired of the people here, but I'm still stuck here. Yeah, well California is better weather in the summer
It's not as hot and not as muggy no bugs not the old people and the people have manners in their Curtis
I remember people like that when I lived in the Northwest, but it's been a long time
Yeah, yeah, I've encountered the courteous people. Yeah, you don't have that in South Florida
Tell them to all go back to Long Island where they came from okay
Hey, everybody from here go back to there wherever you came from by the way something the red cross lady that was
Helping Mike out yesterday hot piece. She was a lady
She could help us with all kinds of dilemmas. Is that right? I want to help her
I don't know what kind of problems she might have in her life, but I'm here to help her
Red cross, okay like
Perfect she was wearing the red cross shirt with the little thing on them
They're like angel of mercy is right. Can I get into trouble so you can help me?
Just you know cradle my head gently and comfort me she was really really something and
Nice try to dislike this this woman beautiful and she's a red cross angel of mercy there to help
Disadvantaged people my heart was just beating out of my chest like oh, you know the cartoon little hearts when they pop
You know your hearts come flowing out of your eyes and pop it above your head. That's the that's what I was doing
I hope it wasn't too obvious
I hope my tongue wasn't hanging out too long and drooling all over the place
Matter of fact, I was I was drooling more than the dog. Hey Mike beautiful dog give it a bat. Will you?
127 on 560 cubic a. Oh geez. I mean, I know Mike's a resourceful guy. He can run a fast go ahead
K. I.M. We're lightning quick speeds latest features and security
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust call today and get the best offer to your ad
Comcast high speed internet for only 24 95 a month for your first six months plus
Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8 meg premium speed tier free with an always on connection speed about to 8 megabits a second
Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL one five and up to a hundred times faster than dial up
Dial up is like I have more than more blackberries man
It's like I have a model T-For when you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games and simply surfing your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet just like Peter Pan plus when you sign up for
Comcast high speed internet you'll get instant access to free features like video mail
Comcast radio rhapsody plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to be naming a few not only that
But you also get free Mac security tools included so you can rest assured that your internet experiences always safe and secure and
Any well savings of over a hundred bucks for the security alone
So what are you waiting for start doing more faster than ever before sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just
24.95 a month for six months indeed call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast call today for details certain restrictions apply
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
I
Must be
Thinking my life
It's so important to you
Because my
It's mine
Things for social life
Is the hardest job to do
My
My
To the sky
The
Funnys
There is
Some people can't see
I've got a stupid mind
But you can do me just get in line
And I have no
Pride
Even
Not
Crazy
You know
I'm not
If you show me
I'll strip
I can make a million dollars without you
When
I
You
I have no
Earth
133.65
The
163.656.60
The
163.656.45
The toll free out of those counties line
And pound
560 is free if you're a singular or Verizon wireless customer
Do you want to hear about African women are ironing their
Daughters breasts with hot rocks?
Yes I do
Really because just when you thought you knew everything about Africa
And all the kooky customs that they do over there you know they got the female circumcision
Every once in a while somebody will pop on to Oprah or one of these other interview shows
Talking about the outrage of female circumcision going on over there
They've really got some issues
And then there's the people that believe that if you have sex with a virgin it will cure your
AIDS
Remember that rumor I swear
That's the best
Matter of fact it's important to do it twice
That's extra important
Apparently and this is going on in Cameroon and other neighboring countries in west Africa
I'm going to paraphrase I'm not going to bother reading it
They believe that when the young girls start developing breasts that's a bad thing
It marks the beginning of their potential sexual activity
That's the rationale going here
So what you do is you hold the girl down and you get a hot rock
Right?
And you mash it up against the breast one after another
To keep the breasts from growing
Okay?
Sound like terrorists to me
It sounds awful, it sounds terrible
And they are interviewing one of the mothers and they're saying hey
Why are you doing this?
And the mother says oh because my mom did it to me
Oh, perfect
Ain't that a good reason?
So I have this notion of tradition where I hear people say oh it's tradition of tradition
Tradition sucks
If you do something because of tradition you're an idiot
How about have a good reason for doing the things that you do?
Isn't that a revolutionary concept?
Don't do anything unless there's a good reason for it or unless it's fun
Last time I checked
Well I don't know
I don't know anybody that would get a charge off of ironing
Women's breasts but I'm sure they're out there
Yeah so there's your mother did it to you you know
And somebody is somebody who facts this in
Look very nice one page facts
Throwin' away five batches of
Facts is three to five pages each with stories
That were meant for Neil that he already had
And isn't interested
Didn't we already talk about this?
The procedure for faxing stories to Neil?
Here
He's like every other day
Prince it up
Here's how you
If you want, if you have a new story and you think Neil might be interested
Here's what you do
You print it up
You walk over to the fax machine
You fold the paper in half
You fold it in half again
You fold it in half again until it's you know a long thin strip
And then you shove it up your ass
That's how you fax a story to Neil
We could do this all day
Print out the fax, walk to the bathroom, wipe your ass with it, and flush it
Print the fax up, walk over to the nearest window, put the fax in your pocket, and jump out
That's what you do if you want a fax a story to Neil
How is that?
Just to avoid the confusion
He's either something stupid that he doesn't care about or something he's already gotten
I really like this tall red-headed tattooed woman over here
Oh I'm on the fear page
Adrianna Curry
Oh Adrianna Curry
She's a nut
You know they finally do get married
And I don't...
She's a nut and he's a nut for marrying her
Because he's already had her
And then some
Every witch away
He's got a pretty good resume for chick
He's got a...
Yeah
Christopher Knight
Well he had an advantage
Not that we can't give him some credit where it's due
Because he's an old man
And he's kept himself in shape and he's got all his hair
Is it?
But he played that...
He played that Brady thing out for all that was worth
And he's still playing it
Not that we wouldn't
You hear a lot of these child stars and they're all stigmatized
Then they'll make you want to puke
Oh you know they're gonna stand like this
My childhood was taken away from me
I want to beat them in the face
Well let me take your adulthood away from you too
Did you get food?
Then shut up
How's that?
I'll be like Bill O'Reilly
Shut up
I don't want to hear anybody do
Unless you were starved or beaten as a child
I don't want to hear your sob story
Because there are people that didn't have food
And didn't have the ability to walk safely
From one end of their house to the other
And I'll get beaten
QA hello
Hello
Yeah, hi
I want to talk to George
You're talking to George now
Why would we make you with him?
Let me take you off my speaker phone
Would you please?
Yeah, good
I want it to just give you a compliment
Can you mail it to me instead?
Okay, thanks
QA hello
Hello
Hello
Does that mean I'm on the air?
That's exactly what it means
That's amazing
No foreplay just like my bedroom
Don't you just love it?
When I can get it, yeah
Is he alright?
Huh?
Last time I heard from him he was coughing up blood
So I hope he is
I will pray for him now
Okay, yes
Sacrifice a chicken to Chango
Look forward to you show tomorrow
Alright
Thanks
Thanks, that was nothing
QA hello
Right on
QA hello
Coming for you, Ron
Hey, what's the facts, Ron?
Going to take you fishing
QA hello
Kim
QA hello
Hey, what?
Hey, listen, man
I see every leather
Terrorist country, did you?
You really want to get everybody going, don't you?
Yeah, I see
You really want to get everybody going, don't you?
Look, you cannot have a rational conversation about this issue
You understand?
I understand whatever
Use I've gone through for having the nerve to lay facts out
Just facts, no opinion, just facts
There he goes
Oh God, the food's here
Oh my, I've never been happier to hear that voice in my life
Because I'm fun to pass out
20-till-two on All Starvation Radio
I already used that one, didn't I?
On All Shore M Hungry Radio, 560, QAM
Hey, did you get a good night's sleep last night?
Were you tossing and turning all night?
Because your mattress is lumping
Radio, you're a big small cramp one
Well, it's time to step up to a new queen or king sized bed from our good friends at Dollar mattress
When you call 1-800 mattress, you choose from Florida's largest inventory of queen and king sized beds
Ready for same day delivery, you choose the date and time in a tour
A window that's convenient for you when you want them to show up
Seven days a week between 80m and 10pm, you pick the window like noon to two, one to three, etc.
And they show up
Dollar mattress carries the complete line of seely
Surdered as Simmons, King Coral, Sterns and Foster
Their everyday low prices in deep stock
Make your shopping a finesse debris
When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll speak with the next verbiting consultant to your needs
And will suggest a style and temper level that's perfect
These folks know bedding inside enough because it's the only thing they sell
Just about all the folks at QAM are sleeping like a baby on a Dollar mattress bed and you ought to be doing the same
So if the old mattress has had it, pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress
Or check them on the wicked web at mattress.com
Dial a mattress 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
Leave off the last S-4, savings
This is the Neil Rogers Ships
This is 560-Q-A-S
I can't close the door
I can't close the door
These leads are all the key that they need
Well, the leads are signed randomly
Yeah, what about the new leads?
Huh?
The new leads
I can't close, nobody can close
They're all leads in garbage
Nobody can close
Those leads are weak
Only need a lead
Closing isn't always easy
Especially if you're only given the old leads
What if with one phone call, you can get fresh new leads
And actually close enough to get yourself on the Cadillac board
Get the chalk!
Hey, get the chalk!
Put me on the Cadillac board
It's not too good to be true
It's the Glen Carey leads
The leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them
Not the ones on the blue cards who are used to trying to close on
You hear me, you faddest?
No matter what kind of property you're trying to close on
Glen Carey has the leads you need
These are the new leads and you don't get them
Unless you call now, 1-800
Glen Carey leads, they're for closers
That's 1-800
Get to work
That's 1-800
Have you made your decision for Christ?
Call Glen Carey leads now and you'll receive
$6,000
And one Cadillac
That's 1-800
Close!
Alright, I'm distracted
Lucy Lopez is in here
They're butt turned towards you
You're very distracting
I know
I'm not going to shout out
How's it going, baby?
Looking good?
Thank you for the pizza
You're welcome
We're here for you
Where your tools good too?
Where your tools and your tools
I know she smells good
She looks good, she smells good
And I've hugged her
So I know she feels good
And in the shower?
You don't want to know what we're doing in the shower
Every morning, baby
You're my rinse cycle
Bye
Have a nice day on Power 96
She's a pip
She's a sweetheart, she is
She starts at 2
Yeah, 2 to 6
We don't have to
compete
No, we don't have to compete again
You can start enjoying her show
Right after this one's over
Unless, of course, you want to talk to Goldie
Listen to that
We've got all kinds of options over here
With your BBGI
Broadcrast
Broadcrast group incorporated
You could listen to Goldie today
Because today could be the only day
You stay after just because of eating
That's right
I've got some serious eating to catch up on
Right after the show
QA, I'm crazy person line
Yeah, can you please tell me
QA, I'm hello
QA, I'm hello
It's good to see you guys
Hey
Hey George, what do you think about Patty's Juanetis?
What?
Patty's Juanetis, what do you think about those?
Are you a crank call?
No, no, Patty, Patty's Juanetis, what do you think about Patty's Juanetis?
Slow down
Patty's what?
Juanetis
Juanetis
Juanetis, you come on, being Cuban, you don't know what I'm saying?
Sorry, you understand that I was kidnapped by Rednecks
And they deprogrammed all the Cubanness out of me
Oh, man
I'm pretended I just came down here for the first time
And I don't even know what guava is
So what's a Juanetis?
Thanks
Thanks, I told you it was a try to learn, you know?
QA, I'm hello
QA, I'm hello
Hello
Yeah, I'm trying to find out who's pitching Sunday's game for the Astros and the Marlins
I'll tell you who's catching
QA, I'm hello
Hello
Hi George
Hi
George, I know you have a lot of female listeners
Hi
Sorry, go ahead
I couldn't believe I heard a vagicill commercial
On our radio?
Yes
And handy wipes, too
I was so hoping that it was a joke
Let me tell you something, the vagicill that seems a little strange
But handy wipes are a man's best friend
You can carry them in your purse
And in your glove compartment and in your pocket
Whatever rocks your boat
Listen, men need handy wipes twice as much as anyone else
But why vagicill?
Please, is that Joyce's idea, I guess, huh?
Listen, it's a network spot
Here's the arm funny answer
Okay, well, network spot
They have no idea what radio station they're buying spots for
Yeah, true
I heard the tail end of a very happy flight attendant
Do you remember that bit?
The bondage we played?
Yeah, yeah, yeah
The Cherry Q liquor dale flight attendant bit
Do we have two more breaks this hour for just the one?
This one?
Okay
Because that's a very long bit that's very tempting
Oh, is it?
I could get a lot of pizza down during that four minutes
Yeah, it's four minutes long
All right, well, you can
Is that a request for you requesting it?
Yeah, I can handle it
Say the words, say you want it
I want it
You want to hear it, you want it?
How about the bit?
Yeah, okay, if it'll fit
I'll do the bit
I've got it as a bit
You know, Neil's got this pole
And early sex experiences is in the lead really
When you take out, I hate this pole
Which I'm not going to do that anymore, screw you people
Hard, bend over
Early sex experiences, are you kidding?
Those were my favorite kind for a couple reasons
Number one, I was having some
My life is
So all I can do is remember them
The early sex experiences, those are the only ones I was having
And the other thing that was good about it besides, you know, your sex partners were all young and firm
Right
Is everyone was equally bad
You know how I like, I am so different
I'm bad and bad now, like I really, I'm just, I'm horrible
But when you're a teenager, everyone is
Nobody's a marathon man
Nobody knows what you're doing
And the girl's got nothing to compare it to either
It's like 30 seconds?
Wow!
That was incredible!
That was the most exciting 45 seconds of this weekend
I was just with Bill the other day, he only lasted 20
So at least I didn't have a bad reputation in those days
Talking about early sexual experiences
Back when I used to have some
Back in my teenage years and early 20s
When I used to have sexual experiences
Now it's just, I'm just a sperm donor, that's it
If the wife wants to get pregnant again, she gets me drunk
And I'm always suspect when she comes at me with beer or any kind of alcohol
Hey honey, don't you want to have a drink today? I don't want any more children!
Get that away from me!
11-122 on all pregnancy radio, 5-60 WQAM
How do I not hear any?
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard
This is the Faction 8 flight
But if I'm on an airway, please check your ticket at this time to make sure you're on board the right aircraft
And you have taken your seat today
We would like you to pay attention up here to the front plane, man
I'm your head host, this is Sherlock Eulika Hirener
Also assist me in the cabin today, it's Jimmy because the needed liquid up a needle in Miss Ronda
And we don't know where sexual orientation Miss Ronda is, but what are you in the hands?
But you can ask for what you've been seeing
Today flight is on a Mac9Burring, MD-40, border aircraft
It is a devil's day for the G-San
If we run into any problem on the aircraft today
Avocaptant is Reverend Cleo, this Jefferson, who is also a pastor of McAdamia Jubilation Congregation
And he is assisted today by Deacon Earl Covid, and we want to welcome him into the spirit of the Lord
Ladies and gentlemen, it has come to our attention that we have a celebrity on today's flight
Let's give it up and put your hands together for the complex multi-tallos of Miss Latoid Acton, who is flying Earth class with us today
I would like to point out that regulations to require that all firearms be securely stoned for the duration of the flight today to knowledge
Ladies and gentlemen, we as your cabin crew is pleased to serve you, do not hesitate to ask for assistance
However, the students do not appreciate evil people up feeling up on their legs
In the event of a change of altitude oxygen, max will drop in front of your face
Please act your child to remain seated at all times in a flatly max after you have a flat your own max
We act at this time that you do not spill things on our property, it is not yet paid for
Ladies and gentlemen, if you look to the back of the aircraft, you will notice it is a restroom for your convenience
We act at your feet, use discretion and do not attempt to flush it as close for underarmic
Ony-ballas airways, if you choose to smoke that is the course your business and the airline is not allowed to smoke
If the white folks on the ground finds out about it, the smoke protective in the restroom has been disconnected for your convenience, but we still excuse you not to smoke
We're over in here
I have a flight time today, whenever we get there, we get there
And just a time please be seated, excuse me to dislate it down here in road 13b
Okay, I have to ask you to remove your head as it violate FBA regulations, okay?
One final reminder today, our aircraft is not a church, the combination of looking out to tube is not as famous as getting happy
And I want to announce that also we do not allow any loud talking up in here
We appreciate you flying with us today, and we exit you sit back and fast, you sleep well, and you know how to do that so I ain't gonna tell you if you did that in English you need to get off the plane
We hope you enjoy your flight today, and I sit down and shut up and here we go
Oh, that bought me just enough time to get some of this pizza down, thank you
Thank you Tracy from New Orleans, you notice that flight has headed to New Orleans, I just remembered that's who sent me that
Thank you Tracy, she's on there, she's on our space, my space, your space, my face, actually, I was gonna make a Lucy Lopez comment that she's not in here right now
So it'd be kind of wasted, I had something to do with my face and a place, I got a good gift, and we can talk about that while we're on the air
See she's a co-worker, if we were to say any of these things with the microphone off, that would count as sexual harassment, but as long as the microphone is on, hey hey, I'm just doing a show, I'm just fun and about where I want to put things like my tongue
So here's a list that I don't necessarily believe to kill the last two and a half minutes, to top 10 list of unintentionally worse company URLs
Okay, I don't believe some of them, but some of them look quite funny, a site called Who Represents, you can check these out
No, I'm good, thanks, if you don't believe me, Who Represents, so you might want to take your crayon and write some of these down, because I'm not gonna tell you what the URL comes out as,
Hore presents, see that turns into Hore presents, that's number one, Experts Exchange, when you take all the spaces out,
ExpertsExchange.com, I see, get it, things like that, Penn Island, you write it out, I already know you're doing these in your head, great, I wish I could do math like that
Therapist finder, for people who, like Ron, who might want a therapist, you can get a scratch piece of paper out, the rapist, get it, get it, our Italian Power Generator Company,
PowerGenItalia.com, PowerGenItalia, get it, I don't know why I'm asking you to get it, speedofart.com, speedofart, I'd play a sound effect, but, you can't have it
That's good, that's good, and on and on it goes, you can check some of those out, I don't know why, I just, you can say that,
You can say that, what speedofart, speedofart, yeah, speedofart, no it was the sound effect that I'd get in trouble for playing
Oh, this is true, I'm all distracted because the food, thinking about, there's Lucy what more pizza, that she wanted, that she wanted, like some of this salad, maybe we should order desserts, let's entice her with food, that always works, well not necessarily always, food, alcohol, drugs
Oh, by the way, Joe, how dry I am, Joe sent me the fact that I, said that I sounded dry, okay, yeah I could use a drink
Me too, actually, sure could, QAM hello, why am I taking calls, we're so late, what time do you have on your clock?
I'm thinking about, okay, we'll go these up next, you're managing four, Marlins on deck at 630, Marlins in the Astros 705, Ed Kaplan from Las Vegas after the game
