Can you hear me?
Yeah, here we are, how are you like that?
Wow!
Modern technology is amazing!
Well, I don't know we never had any problem for a year and a plus than all of us in the last couple of months.
It's like Robert Gryper's Interpotsking with crap or something.
You know, I don't even see him right now.
Good. No wonder you sound like you're in a good mood.
Yeah, maybe that's why you can hear me.
Yeah, that's probably it.
But I am in a good mood, called or opens today.
Oh, that'll do it. That would do it for me.
I'd be up there on the sixth floor, outside.
Yeah.
A little hot.
It's very warm here now.
Huh.
Fuck you, little shock.
Yeah.
I wish I could say the same.
Prima-Cheerers summer. Why? What's it doing up there?
It's not too toasty. I'll tell you that.
Let's see. We had dripping and we had beautiful, beautiful days last week.
It was like 70-ish every day.
Yeah.
And now the high today is going to be 48.
58 tomorrow though.
You know how it is up north in the spring.
One day can be like 60 in the next day, like 35.
Yeah, that's a mine 58.
Keep you on your toes.
Yeah, that's tomorrow.
Today only 48.
And a little more dripping.
A little bit of dripping.
I will go to Thursday.
I'm doing a show Thursday from Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
You ever been there?
No, I sure have not.
And I have no desire to either.
Anyway, you know that bitch that was the one stripper who was testifying you.
I just saw the thing again, you know, because you went to Duke.
Yeah.
And she got some kind of criminal charges pending against her.
Yes.
And did you see the email where she says, how can I spin this to my best advantage?
Oh, I see that.
Yesterday I couldn't think of the quote.
Yeah.
How can I spin this to my best advantage?
In other words, if she'll testify for the prosecution and make up a bunch of stories,
she's going to, you know, go scot free.
Whatever, whatever.
They're going to drop whatever they had going with her.
One of the two guys, I think, can prove that he wasn't there.
Yeah.
Because he went to an ATM machine.
I mean, how did I care?
Who now really cares about the Duke lacrosse?
I know.
It's got me.
Why is he?
I mean, you went to school there and I bet you don't care about the Duke lacrosse team, you know.
I don't know.
I'm your advantage.
And states got a lacrosse team.
But if they do, I couldn't give a crap less.
Well, I know Duke played for the national championship a year ago.
I'm reading this story about, you know, they have reunions where they bring people from
five-year intervals and over the last 50 years.
And those were left.
And so they were there last week.
And it was an issue because the president of university had to address them.
And one of the alumni said, well, why doesn't anybody bring up the fact that they were in the national championship game a year ago?
Because nobody cares about it.
Yeah.
They care about rape, but they don't care about lacrosse.
But Duke lacrosse t-shirts are selling law, the lacrosse.
Have you ever watched like about a minute of a lacrosse game?
About that.
The most stupid thing I've ever seen in my life.
They had that little net, like a scrum.
They have a scrum.
Or it's like they're after our sales department.
They're running around with butterfly nets.
This is true.
And then they take the ball there and they're like, can they just heap it in the poor goal you stand there?
Like, heap it into this little net.
It's stupid.
Well, you got it.
T-shirt, you want one?
They're just selling Duke lacrosse t-shirts in the bookstore there.
You can mail in for it or get it on the internet.
And they're selling like hotcakes.
Yeah.
Or like grits.
Well, that's pretty sad.
You know, pretty sad commentary.
Anyway, very jackass.
Your close personal friend there with his baloney sandwich is over with the hero and his baloney.
He says, now, you know, Clara Bell was in there this morning before the show, which he should never have been in there.
Really aggravating the hell out of me.
Like, blue sky.
You know, blue sky.
Maybe that song?
Yes.
Nothing but blue sky.
That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a, that's a theme song.
Everything is great.
Yeah.
And don't, I don't want to spend my contract till I'm 100 and, you know, what's not to like it.
Yeah, we did the whole show yesterday and the phones didn't work.
Did you know that?
No.
Yeah, we couldn't take any causes because the bell sounds screwed it all up.
So that's of course, I'm supposed to be less psychotic because it wasn't a QAM screw up.
It was a bell sound as if that makes a difference, you know.
Probably you like it.
But the good news today is they're working.
That sounds great.
That sounds real promising to me.
I got a message for bell south.
You people suck, okay?
You really suck.
You think it's a coincidence that their name is Bell?
Yeah.
Oh, geez.
Didn't tell you that.
Did you?
What day are you leaving?
Yeah.
The Humphers on his way to a Tulsa today's matter of fact, they're going to make it really a flight.
What are you going to be doing in Tulsa?
I'm doing a Kentucky Derby preview show from a studio there, which is doing it on Friday.
Well, Tulsa is not exactly close to Louisville Kentucky.
That's where the people who own the company that has the rights, has their studio.
I see.
So I will be there.
Although Louisville is no great shakes either, but I've never been there either.
I shouldn't say that.
I get to lead on something.
I'm staying at Caesar's Indiana for the Derby.
Oh, well, like I said.
Yeah.
That's not a bad place.
There's a Caesar's Indiana?
Yeah, right across the river from Louisville.
Well, I can't believe that those Hoosiers would log gambling in their state.
Boy, for the longest time, they would know they got Hoosier Downs and Hoosier Daddy.
Yeah.
But it's 15 minutes from its rack.
Really?
That's all.
Sounds like a good place to lose a lot of money.
Oh, it definitely is.
Very jackass rights.
Evan Cohen, a host on 760 ESPN Radio.
I have tried to read the Jim Sarni column, but the Sunset and the website is so screwed up.
I can't get on his page or their website's a mess figures.
So Barry says Evan Cohen had an on-air audition on WQM Sunday.
Could immerse as a candidate for a position there.
Claire Bell says it wasn't an on-air audition.
It was just we're trying to upgrade our weekend programming to which I said.
I said you sure couldn't downgrade them.
I mean, I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if they're going to be able to do that.
Okay.
One in Wow.
One in Wow.
I wanted to say one in Wow.
Must be the mission manager.
Must be the mission manager.
must be the mission manager.
Must be the mission manager.
Must be the mission is to play.
Hije Good thing he's out of the NFL.
Hije Good thing he's out of the NFL.
Hije Good thing he's out of the NFL.
He's out of the NFL.
Hije Good thing he's out of the NFL.
he Alma one that's Ah Yeah.
He Alma one that looks Like Joe cathedral
They played for the Jets. Yeah, a little bit of identical twins, isn't it? He's a real good guy too. You would like him
Huh, you would like him who a J a J
Do we yes do we remember that game in the mud against the Jets all those interceptions. Oh, brother
What a day for do we dick in person. I thought well sir eight nineteen forty eight now they say what a day for duty
Well, I say that
I think you just juiced yourself
What a day for duty. What what does that mean? Well, it's close to do we
In order to just agree to this oh
I'm at a good uh-oh in a while. I could leave for you could be on a way to toss a minute
Shades exiled for tossing takes some time. Yeah, what the hell? I've it's a lot of good delis and Tulsa
Found one. I've been there before yeah, I go there every year. God
But they do have an OTB. Yeah, well that's all accounts and it's not far from the from a riverboat
No, I don't I don't I can't imagine doing that riverboat gambling. Oh
Getting C6 just thinking about yeah, I couldn't be in well. Have you ever been on one of those
Gambling ships. Yes, they're kind of cramped there. They know you put to cramp without the end
Oh, yeah, well
That's true and then you get C6 on here. I don't know what all this fast nations with cruises like for years
I've been preaching you know, although I don't want to get Mickey all upset
You know, it's not bad enough. We got Joyce pissed off
I don't get Mickey all bent out of shape. No, you don't want to do that the fact that his cruise ship suck and people get raped all the time and like
Get murdered and don't show up again and puke their guy to get eat E. E. E. Bola and E. coli and all these things
But people have this they they have this magnificent
Concept in their mind that crew they're going on these cruise ships is some wonderful glorious way to spend a holiday
Hey, what I would like to do. What do you do if you don't like the people on there?
We just jump overboard is that it or maybe just yeah, I want to take a train trip through the northwest
I think maybe that's what happens to some of these people on these cruise ships
They can't jump overboard so if they don't like the company on there all I can do is kill some people. Yeah
That's it. I think they have their frustration. Do you like to travel by train?
I love the in Europe. I love the trains. They have it supposedly one that leaves Denver and
Goes south cuts across and then goes up the Pacific coast into Canada. They say it's a render strip. Yeah
I'm gonna do it. I know how you like it. I will know I like the trains in Europe, man
They're like I do to fast as hell the ice I don't know what that stands for the ICE
That's the real thing. No, that's not the super fast train
But it's the next fast to to it like I was in Frankfurt
I took the train a couple of times to a cologne. Yeah, it's like about an hour hour and a quarter
I took a train once from Amsterdam to
Copenhagen. Oh, that must have been a long trip. It was wow go through Germany and up and around
It's a great time when you go into water must be really tough. It's a great trip
Amsterdam to Cologne isn't bad. That's two and a half hours
You the key to get those train trips in Europe. Yeah, because everything's pretty much close together
Is you get a copy of USA today or if you have a good book that you're reading you take that on there and then before you know it
Hey, you hear we're here. Yeah, wherever you're going. Well, it's pretty good that the trip by restaurant has an overnighter
And the overwhelming majority of the trains they run I mean to the second. Oh, yeah really there on time to almost to a fall
Yes, they are
Including Italy too. We took the train from a room to Florence and back for Inza. They were been in Florence. Yes. Oh
Well, what a beautiful place that is. It'll be great too many Catholics there, but it's a beautiful place
They could only find a way to get back to the Getskies
See what a room. Rome is so big. You don't have to go anywhere near the Vatican
I wouldn't go anywhere near there although I did did one day or walk in this years ago in Rome
And so that the store the garment store where they sell all the garments for the bishops in the priest and the
All those Getskies
Velvet garments all green, you know and red all the robes
The whole like a department store for priests. I'm not going to discuss this any further
Be good
And a few altar boys
I was just thinking man. I said, I don't go there. No, don't go there next day. It'll be the swish guard
That'll be no I'll be in Tulsa in an hour good
Well, yeah, well, you're the one that was saying like doing your duty
I don't know maybe you want to join the scouts again. I don't know what the hell I was all about
You just like living on the edge like Erosmith said living on the edge don't we all so we had Evan Cohen on Sunday for two hours
Do you have any ID? Did you hear him at all? No, is he any good? I don't know
I've never I've met him. I've never heard of my son Miguel
Thanks me as pictures today's Pudgy faced an ugly in Jewish so fits right in they say he's like everybody else right into the staff
Well, good luck. Yeah, then you guys him sarny on your side and what would him love behind you man?
You'll need a lot of help good. I can't read sarny because the Sunsettle website
So I'm sure I'm not the only one having problem with a website. Hey the people of the Sunsettle your website
Sucks and that's not just because time jik is an idiot. I thought maybe jiky just cut you off
Yeah, probably that could be it. I thought crossed my mind
You probably found out my whatever the thing is you know just put a block on it
Well listen have a great trip to Tulsa whenever that is that's Thursday. Oh, and I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah, bye
Big O here to talk about the ultimate combination for any sports fan that is of course a great TV to watch those sports and a great
Bearing your hand and the only one is of course president a beer the green bottle with the gold label president
Is the true taste of real beer brewed with
And the highest quality president imported beer is a pilsner beer created with a finest selection of
Maltting barley and hops. That's why when I want a real beer
I ask for the true taste of real beer president a nothing compliments a great game cheering on your favorite team with friends and family and
President a beer so reach for that green bottle with the gold label and you my friend have found the true taste of real beer as
President a
Ricky
25 years ago John Lennon was shot down
April 24 a per view here in
From the other side
It's just a horse don't miss the spirit of John Lennon Russ say on and watch as Hogan returns
Ya, Keith fly you good when all cs or come for you
Let the fullorang world is always coming
up
哎on Understood hogan table
their
perder
Why sure I could play that whole thing, you know what?
That's where we stop that song of all time, huh?
What's stopping it?
The break.
Oh, there it is.
Hey, we don't have time to posky around here today, man.
Play a lot of music.
We got the big fish to fry.
Don't forget this Saturday, the QM NFL draft party.
We'll be telling you a lot about that all through the day, over and over again.
Let's do the break, like I said, then we'll get them to yesterday's pool.
And today's pool and whatever pool we can get a hold of.
Well, speaking of a pool brain, pee brain, there he is.
You're a leader.
Bottom income's up.
Agricultural exports are growing.
Real after tax income is up over 8% for Americans since 2001.
And of course, that'll be gone next time you fill your gas tank.
And thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices, by the way.
While he's right there, listen, 10.50 to QAM happy Tuesday to you.
What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long, like the hopper just said.
It's already hotter than a witch's a butt.
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate in the world's smartest air conditioner?
The five star edition of the carrier infinity system.
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Head,
where they've been taking care of the tri-county area families for three long,
excruciating generations.
As a carrier factory authorized, the other Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction.
And that guarantee is backed by carrier that people who invented air conditioning in the first place
and have now invented the carrier infinity system.
This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjust itself for maximum efficiency.
And speaking of that, to maintain maximum efficiency on your present air conditioner,
be sure to join the Royce area and heat comfort club.
To us, the year they inspect and tune up your system, you'll enjoy a priority same day service
if you ever have a problem and 10% off, and you need to repairs through all of these things.
All of these things.
For just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two speed infinity system with pure on,
or just have in peace of mind, or you're bound by being a member of the comfort club,
either way, make the Royce choice.
Call Royce Aaron Head and tell that ancient Neal tweeted to call Toolfreed,
1-800-377-0075.
Don't get caught with your AC down during this long, next several 8-9-10 months.
Royce Aaron Head, 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 516-2-8-10.
I do try.
I do try.
Even though you rage, you need to be mind-dubble.
I know you want another fun in the oven.
The one thing you don't want is another husband.
But you're having my baby.
I know women in love and in love have been more than sickness.
Having my baby.
And I'm not talking about how I feel about Bruce Whitney.
Your brief daughter becomes their brother.
What almost feels like I'm shaking up with my lover.
Are you sure that we are a...
We're having my baby.
What a lovely way of proving me a boldness.
Having my baby.
10-21-Q. He's extremely annoying.
I'll say that right now.
He can't act. He's not funny. He don't even look that good anymore.
He's extraordinarily annoying.
Which of these do you care about the least we asked in our poll?
Yes.
They have 1510 votes.
Let's see.
1510 used to be W.M.E.X. in Boston.
Home of Arnie Wu-Woo Ginsburg, a Melvin and Mel Miller.
I bet you didn't know that.
No, I didn't.
Boy, you don't sound good at all.
What are you talking about?
I'm going to say worse than I feel.
The question is, will I puke or pass out first?
Let's take an office pool on that.
I say puke.
I'm going for pass out.
That's a theme on this show.
Pass over?
Oh, yeah.
You're right about time.
Just like Old Erdi Bastard said, would be the first time.
Which of these do you care about?
Well, his problem was a little bit of a droop problem.
I understand.
It's just a rumor, of course.
But thank you, George.
You're going to always be related to those.
NHL playoffs, they couldn't care less.
Boy, how about those flyers last night losing the Buffalo 8-2 right there in Philly?
Or, no, it was in Buffalo, like I said.
Nevertheless, nice going savers, nice going Lindy Ruff.
NHL playoffs, 443.
How about that much?
You're all a Carolina game.
Holy cow, nothing to be fined and to beat up Carolina in overtime.
Missing chicken, a Rubo 390.
Natalie Holloway.
See, he told me once, and it's like emblazing in my mind.
This is the problem.
Is that America's where I obsessed with crap.
I think he was occupied with crap while more of these vehicles.
See, there you go.
That's the real crap right there.
The Marlins 276, they don't care.
Hey, guess what, David Thanthin?
You're not getting no stadium.
We don't care.
They blew a nice lead there.
They had three off the lead.
Did they answer you, Connualize?
Yeah, and I turned it off to 3-0 and I wake up and I 6-3.
Oh, it wouldn't even close eighth inning man to disaster.
As the Cubs kicked the crap out of your Marlins 5-13, is it now?
5-12.
That's after night it'll be 5-13.
I'm sorry.
5-12, that's not too good.
5 wins 12 defeats.
They might get 55 wins on the season.
That means 107 losses.
They might.
And then again, they might not.
Duke Rape case 164.
See, there is nobody who should be interested in that.
Unless, you know, other than the principals, the participants,
or the alleged participants, or whatever.
They want to be participants.
But why should anybody care about that?
You know, it's just another rape case.
There's eight sitting rape cases all over North America.
And they're like, all whipped up about that one.
Because the media said, oh, you should care about this.
It's more important, maybe.
It's a bunch of lacrosse players.
And a stripper.
Oh, the NFL draft 140.
Don't forget now, let's see.
This Saturday, it's QM's NFL draft party with a mad dog
at Hooters and Pembroke Pines.
And he'll also have Joseph Gackie there.
Everybody's got to have like a little, you know, handicapped overcome.
And the big O will be there as well.
Oh, he is really rock solid.
For all your draft day coverage is said.
And don't be fooled by those imitators across the street, man.
They couldn't get a cold in the draft.
Hooters and Pembroke Pines for QM's NFL draft party.
This Saturday, starting at 10 a.m. presented by
Heineken.
And you're supposed to go there.
He's a little under the weather.
Sorry, the late reaction.
NFL draft 140 are whipped up about that.
New Osama tape 80.
Nice job also W by the way on that.
We got that.
That's why I played that.
We got him thing.
We got Sodom, but the problems we got the wrong guy.
We attacked the wrong country and we got the wrong guy.
Other than that, we're doing heck of a job.
And the price of gas 17.
See, so this is one of those from the bottom to the top.
That's what they care about the most is the price of gas.
And they're not too happy about that.
They're also probably not too happy about the blood shed that's still continuing to rack.
Although quite frankly, these, like I said yesterday, these butchers are getting off scoffery.
And the carnage continues just unabated.
Whatever that means.
Sounded good.
Seven car bombs exploded across Baghdad yesterday.
Killin' at least six people wounding dozens of others.
Dozens.
As politicians, we had to try to finalize the new cabinet.
See if they would just call the cabinet store.
Police discovered the bodies of 20 Iraqis, the current victims of sectarian killings.
That the US hopes the new government can end.
Oh yeah, that's all going to stop.
And the Shiites and the Sunnis and the Kurds are all going to like join hands and sing.
Right.
We are the world.
They're going to do that.
At least the town of Civil War.
There's going to come over from Bahrain.
It isn't Bahrain a Muslim country?
Or they all.
No, but I'm just asking.
I wonder what they think about his kind of people over there in Bahrain about pedophiles.
We're just to forget about the ped-ed, forget about that part.
Just homos in general.
I don't think they're like, looked upon with great favor in the Muslim countries.
I'm going to be wrong if you think they're more about his money than...
You know, is that what it is?
Because they had a business.
I thought they'd have enough of their own money.
You would think that.
That's what they mean.
It's not what they mean.
The oil rich countries, Bahrain.
I don't know that much about it.
Three roadside bombs, five drive-by shootings in a mortar round in a partridge in a pear tree,
killed 12 Iraqis and bagged at an elsewhere.
And the audio, I don't even want to.
And meanwhile...
It's the process.
Yeah, the process.
Say it right, man.
The process.
Speaking of Bozo there.
Oh, we had the break.
Bush has approved a rating slide to a new low.
How low can you go, W.A.
He's...
He's not a virgin.
You're going into the 20s.
There's never been anybody close to that.
I don't think this is in history.
I don't think this is in history.
No, since they've been doing these things.
It's kind of getting like the numbers on all the sports shows in town, getting close to a...
Oh, yeah.
All of them.
On both stations.
Those numbers are getting very dangerously close to way.
Oh.
Although Claire Belk came in this morning and said, hey, everybody happy?
Ha ha ha ha.
Now what he said?
Something like that.
Something like that, yeah.
So taking care of George, taking care of Josh, taking care of business.
Heck of a guy.
Doing a heck of a job, Joe.
You are right.
You're the man.
You're a man for the times.
Not necessarily these times, but I'm sure some time.
A man for all seasons.
Yeah.
Not this one, though.
27 past.
He's like these seasons.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
He is a real clown.
27 after 10 a.q.
And dry concept is the best in the universe to make new your carpets look brand new.
And they want to remind you that springtime has arrived.
Even though it feels like the middle of summertime, part of the Humper.
Is it like really a hotter and a hell already?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, good.
So it's only like still April.
Yeah, but at least not.
Oh, wait.
No, it is humid.
Oh, be sure.
Like I said, maybe around 58 all that bad.
Cleaning your windows and doing a little dusting here.
There may give the appearance that your home is really clean.
I know a lot about those surface cleaners, man.
They go a little lick and a shmere over here.
And that's it.
And like, forget about it.
Because until you deep clean all the dirt and germs settle down deep in your carpeting,
your furniture draper, even your bedding, it really isn't clean or sanitary at all.
Is it dry concepts is offering springtime specials right now to help you with all your spring cleaning.
And they're just a phone call away as always.
I've used these folks for over 21 years in a variety of different homes.
And each and every time they show up, they do the same spectacitor job.
They'll never let you down.
They show up on time.
They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to work.
And they leave everything looking like as far as your carpets are concerned, like you had brand new laid right just before they came.
And don't forget, dry concepts also specialize in a poultry cleaning, leather cleaning, drapery cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, water damage restoration, like for the next 16 hurricanes,
pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, get rid of those nasty pesky biting dust mites and much more.
So don't just have clean your home this spring.
Really do a stupendous job by calling your friends a dry concept and have your home really clean from top to bottom today.
In Dave Rower of the Palm Beach's column toll free, 1-800-248-5071.
Be sure and tell me the trash drapery, told you to call it a little number 23.
They'll pee in their pants, they'll laugh so hard.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the web.
Look them up at dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 A.M.
Get on. This is Joe Bourne the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
How did you get that face of bombs?
Chiefs of quite they have been pumped.
I get a ticket case of bombs.
Don't make fun of me, you chow.
You.
Mama's my mom.
Mama's mama's my mom.
You.
Mama's mama's my mom.
Papa's a facial bomb.
I'll cross you out.
Then why don't you visit clinic real soon?
You post your breakfast, successful room.
It's only a stupid case of bombs.
That's easy gun in a month.
One month, one month, you poor.
Mama's mama's mama's my mom.
Mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's.
I want to touch my ugly mom.
You know CKW Golding.
Thank you.
27 to 11 at 560 WQ.
We're interspersing a few oldy moldies because yesterday we had to do a lot of that because the foam was all screwed up.
I bet you said the foam's working really sensational.
Look at that. There's line two ringing.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Pally?
Good.
Listen, I know that you made comments about how Clear Channel started the HD radio service.
I did?
Yes.
Today in the Wall Street Journal page D2, they're saying that many of the formats include
is urban, Christian, Spanish, comedy, country, and gay theme programming.
But they're saying that you do not need an additional type of device.
That would be like saying that if all the programming on television was HD tomorrow,
you wouldn't need a different TV set.
It's just silly.
But in our neighborhoods now, Bell Fath, which was bought out by a company.
Bell Fath, they're going to have cable TV. It's just four to six months away.
Just keep in mind how our phones were yesterday.
By the way, I think somebody from Bell Fath's on the phone right now.
Likely Stewart.
They're monitoring.
Yeah, good.
Your service blow is okay.
Yesterday we did a whole show. It was supposed to be a talk show.
And a phone is supposed to work.
In fact, I think the bees even paid the bill last month, first time in several months.
And we couldn't take a call on you because the phone was all screwed up for a change.
And then you heard the quality of that.
Remember when I was talking to HumberDare and punched up that phone line?
My God. Even Alexander Graham Schwartz would be upset with that.
Being humiliated.
Christ.
He wouldn't like it either.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neal, how are you doing today?
Okay, Pali.
Yeah, man.
I hope all these jagged off who voted for Bush are happy.
I mean, we're all sharing the burden on the gas prices to be one thing.
But exonemobile, they're making 46% profit increase for last year.
There's a little bit of a question in your mind.
They're making record profits while everyone.
And they say, well, it's because of the auto emission standards and it costs so much to what we find.
But what a crap.
That's the case.
And how come they're not making the same profit that we're before instead of making record profits?
Now, they're gouging, baby.
They're raping the public.
The Bushes and they have been lot and man.
And this is a lot of money.
Yeah, what happens is the oil profits we're going to pay for the war.
What happened to that?
Yeah, well, somehow they didn't get the chew hooked up there because they every time they try to do it, they set it on fire.
Well, as long as these people only care about some Duke lacrosse rate scale.
Right, that's it.
And they're going to be in Italy, Italy, and in a robot, the chicken and a robot.
Now you got it.
Yeah, what's wrong with this country, man?
Are we all that just that retarded?
Absolutely.
Yes.
Man, get it.
Let's get into playing ticket to Toronto.
Okay, Patti.
I'll see you at the border.
Oh, I'm speaking of that.
Here's today's poll.
Most amusing.
See, I put it on their purpose because I knew a lot of people would vote just to bust my balls.
And what was that thing?
And I bet we played before we said something about the ringer was a ballbuster?
Something like that, right?
It's not he said that.
And nutcracker talking about that.
Oh, they're not key sends in the street.
What country represents the world's greatest threat today?
We have 786 votes.
We'll make 1,000 easy today, Josh.
So what was the story?
Did the clear bell come in there and talk to you too, and tell you about your deal being all set?
Well, actually yesterday we kind of made it official that I'll be staying on the WQA and side.
But why didn't you tell me that?
Well, I would never get with Joe Bell.
I mean, that would show today.
Well, that would have been nice while George was trying to pukes guts out.
You could have interjecting and said, hey, get some good news.
I could have finalized that.
I could have did that.
Well, but he said pretty, pretty damn near.
He presented the deal to me.
I basically said, yes, maybe an offer.
He made me an offer I could have refused.
And I'm going to talk to him later today about when we're going to incorporate it.
Really?
Well, be sure and give my regards again.
No.
Oh, and then, then, then, I'm here.
Jeff is going to make an offer you can refuse.
And probably we'll want to.
Anyway, what country represents the world's greatest threat today?
796 votes.
USA 363.
The greatest threat in the world.
And I would say you folks who voted for that are.
Absolutely correct.
We got your thumb right on it.
You can feel the pulse.
Dangerous, dangerous people.
Lots of bombs, lots of, in fact, coming up with all kinds of new nuclear weapons.
And we get pissed off at somebody.
We're going to nuke them.
We're going to, you know, and here's this lunatic.
This oughta control Moron, man, who couldn't even make it in the oil business in Texas.
Had to have his buddies bail him out.
The, the, the, the, the bin Laden family.
And his buddy, a buddy, James Bath there from the military, who was also a wall from the National Guard.
Of course, there is no National Guard in Iraq, thank God.
USA 363.
Iran, 121.
They're dangerous.
Let's get, let's get on him, man.
Let's bomb them back beyond the Stone Age because they already got a head start.
Is that what they're in that head start program?
China 115.
I've had Chinese could put America out of business tomorrow.
You know that?
They wanted to.
They already have.
Well, they're pretty, they're working on it.
They're also still reproducing.
The interesting part of it is that Chinese can't reproduce like crazy in China anymore because they only have one kid.
But everywhere else like here, man, they're reproducing like rabbits.
They can afford it.
God.
I, it's, you know, I don't want to get the choice.
I'll bet out of shape.
Get the choice here.
But to me, it still remains one of the great mysteries of all.
It goes to show you all you guys out there who weren't well endowed by the Lord at birth.
Don't let that bother you, okay?
Because the Chinese are living proof.
Uh-huh.
That you can be like a button mushroom guy and you can still make all the babies in the world.
It makes no difference.
So I can verify that.
Wow.
They're well.
I'm talking about wanting to make them.
China 118.
North Korea 79.
Saudi Arabia 46.
How come they're not a lot higher on that list, huh?
The freaking Saudis.
I hate this pull 22.
Canada 18.
Tied with Israel 18.
Canada is really dangerous.
Iraq's only got 15.
So you people think Canada is a lot more dangerous than Iraq.
So instead of invading Iraq, they should have invaded Canada and India only two.
I didn't even put Pakistan on it.
I would probably shoot it, but why bother?
You think we should put Pakistan on it?
Why not?
Well, I mean, if we can put India on there, sure.
I think India, not so much because we just give them all those nukes in exchange for what are we getting exchange for?
It's a curry powder.
Uh, mangoes.
How brought?
Mangoes. That was it.
We got mangoes for nuclear weapons.
A hell of a deal, W.
Because we don't have any over here.
Right.
Mangoes that is.
The dollar, buy these silver.
Yeah, diesel.
There goes again tough picking on Port Janet Reno again, picking on the old diesel bike.
Shame on you.
And speaking of the, speaking of the Dikes, House Candelese's husband or boyfriend doing, huh?
House Ann Colver's boyfriend doing misfudge.
There just seems to be a common thread running through this group of right wing fanatics, you know?
I don't think Tom Cruise and John Travolta are the only ones hiding in that closet.
I could be wrong about that.
Well, look at that Georgia's book Pakistan on there.
The Pakis.
Man, we'll just did anyway.
Just somebody put it on.
But I want to ask Josh and speaking of his oats now, because he got that being raised coming from Clarebell.
That's right.
We're going to take here.
Yeah, now we'll take care of.
Yeah.
Only under the threat of lawsuit practically.
We finally got him off his ass.
Boy, anyway, getting back to Bush's low ratings.
I guess we'll have to wait till after the break.
The new CNN pull it's down to 32.
Oh, man, 20 dose.
Holy moly.
Can you believe that?
We have 32%.
Three that will enable consumers to drive to work.
To drive to work.
That's right.
Oh, yeah.
This business about one gas is so much more expensive.
Remember that stupid fast we got from Henry the other day?
See in Europe and European cities.
And of course, Henry's probably never been there.
Many of the cities you can actually walk to wherever you have to work.
You're like walk to different or like they use these amazing things called bicycles and stuff like that.
They don't use any gas.
Now, like if you live in Miami, for example, or anywhere in South Florida.
And let's say you live in Bade and you work in Broward or vice versa.
You're going to walk to work?
I don't think so.
You're going to bicycle it to work?
I don't think so.
How about if you live in L.A.?
And of course, then they also have those great things in a lot of cities like Amsterdam that have the trams, you know?
Yeah, what's that trams?
How's the tram service in South Florida coming?
Pretty good, huh?
It's out here we have the tram.
The trannies?
Yeah.
One thing in South Florida, man, a lot of grannies and a lot of trannies.
1041, 19 before 11 a.m.
I think we're going to drop a nuclear weapon on sunrise lakes.
This is Neil Rogers.
Just a helmet.
This is 5.69 a.m.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Tonight on Discovery Hell, a probing look at sports radio phenomenon, Geldie Goldstein.
How do you explain the nickname of Geldie?
It's Joette's a Geldie.
Oh, you mean?
I'm a poster.
I see.
Yeah, I gotcha.
She ran for the job of Geldie's delicate operation.
Don't cut that!
Don't cut that!
How is it possible for someone who sounds like you because actually fine workers or radio announcers?
I'm telling you, it's actually when it comes to sports, I know what to do.
On the field?
No, I'm the best.
I mean, you got it.
You're voice.
I think I got a nice voice.
Voice is at Don't Belong on the Radio.
Part of a week long series, beginning tonight, only on the Discovery Channel.
I sound pretty and giddy and dead.
Yay!
Remember this golden gasser?
Wonderful!
WQAM!
Alright!
I don't think I want to hear that again.
I don't mean like now.
I mean, like ever.
14 before 11 and 5, 60 WQAM.
Look at that.
Canada, 18 votes.
The most dangerous country in the world today.
Let's nuke it.
Let's drop the old bomb in Ottawa.
Let's drop it in Redbeard.
Let's get even for a Randy Motor.
President Bush's approval ratings have sunk to a personal low with only a third of Americans
that they approve of the way he's going to.
It's actually a little less than a third, if my math is correct.
Oh no!
And a telephone poll of a thousand twelve at Alde Americans, carried out Friday through Sunday
by opinion research corporation 4CNN.
32% of respondents that they approve of his performance.
60% say they disapprove of what 8% said.
But a little bit more tech added to it across.
That's a significant drop from the way Americans perceive the president a year ago.
And a CNN USA that they gallup pulled, carried out April 29th in a first of last year.
Americans were split on their assessments of his performance.
48% said they approved 49% disapproved.
So in one year, that means he dropped 16 points.
He dropped in fact to that our sports show ratings.
It was one of four conducted within the past 10 days that a yielded similar results.
A Pew Center poll carried out April 7th through 16th gave him a 35% rating.
Fox News opinion dynamics poll carried out last Tuesday Wednesday even 33%.
That's the Fox News where the only interview right wing fanatics in church.
And an American research group poll carried out Tuesday through Friday of last week
given 34% of news CNN.
32% say they trained those as we needed dose of realities.
Especially over we need that a QAM.
So I hope that when Josh Cordis goes in there and talks to Claire Bell this afternoon after the showy.
You just go in there and pound your fist on the desk a lot like Chris did at the UN.
Or yeah say what is wrong with you?
What's all this?
You got on there?
What's with this Robert Greeper stuff running your radio?
Say just just spaz out.
You know, so they're going like that.
I'll drop a who did more.
And that would be good.
Yeah, but we both did something who did more.
That's good.
Very good.
I was thinking of a Fox and those fascists there.
What a surprise. Tony Snow, like they think of what I was supposed.
I said we just have revolving press secretaries just each day a different news person from Fox.
Wouldn't it be a good idea?
We're going to have Sean Hannity one day and Tony Snow the day after that.
And then we could have Charles the old crowd hammer in his wheelchair.
He could be under a squeeze in his bag on the third day.
Never tell you that Charlie campus had a bag.
No.
You didn't know Charlie campus.
So Charlie can hear that is.
No.
I'm good.
Sources close to the White House said Monday that Fox anchored Tony Snow is likely to accept a job as White House press secretary.
So he's sitting in Scott McCullen.
He's going to have that twisted cross tattoo on his forehead.
The sources say they expect him to announce that this is in the next few days.
A source familiar with the discussion said Monday that newly appointed chief has dev Josh Bolton asked know to make a decision by early this week.
Two sources familiar with the discussion said Bolton wanted to fill the post this week as early as tomorrow.
Sources familiar with the local abrasion said he's been focusing on family finances and his health.
I guess he had like Colum cancer something like that.
He's got a clean fellow health now.
They looked right inside there and they said hey, no problem.
Sources familiar with the matter said the White House approached the Fox anchored several weeks ago.
He services a political analyst for the fascist news channel which he joined in 1996.
A well known right wing fanatic, a lunatic Tony Snow.
Now good fits right in there.
And of course, he'll help me the guy that will give us the truth.
You know that's the one thing about Scott McCullen kept saying he lied a lot.
Tony Snow will give us the truth.
5 6 7 0 5.
Since he let's make up for yesterday, but get a lot of calls on here today.
A lot of frustrated people out there yesterday.
Well, there's Mark felt again deep throat.
He's out with Larry tonight.
I wonder if he's going to bring his son along.
He's got three sons as a matter of fact.
But the one is always standing in the doorway behind him every time they show him in the house.
Well, he wants to photo off.
You know, everybody wants their five, five and a half seconds of fame.
I think his name is Nick Jones.
I wonder why if his name is Mark felt, why are his kids named Jones?
I can see when a woman, you know what I'm saying?
Has different last, you know, his father what I'm saying?
And sometimes the children take the mother's name not necessarily the father's.
Or really the stepfather.
Well, maybe Nick got tired of asking him, can that be felt?
Huh?
Yeah.
It's possible.
Or you could also say, well, I'm kind of Jones in to get to know him better.
Something like that.
854 votes in that poll.
This is scandalous, man.
We're going to pass that thousand mark like we're like laid out.
Phone isn't exactly, yes, smoking here considering it's working today.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, I can't, I can't hear you.
We got to go.
That's good.
That's the best news I've had all day.
56670560, pound 560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
You know, even if it isn't the the great one, they all sound the same to me now, you know.
Said, you know, one kind of thing.
Well, the mug wants it.
There was WQAM, hello.
Hey, me.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what do you think of Dwayne's game last night?
What did I think of it?
Yeah.
Who the hell's that?
Dwayne, man.
Dwayne Lucas.
Cut the crap, pal.
I cut the crap.
Get a little, go, go, go kiss on a, for an ahead.
You got a big target there, okay?
He's icy hot.
He likes his icy hot patch.
The sleeve, I'm sorry, the sleeve.
You've been up high.
The sleeve.
No, the sleeve.
Right.
Oh, the way he says it, man, this sends me right to the bowl.
56670560.
Come on, the phone is working today, man.
Where the hell are you people for Christ's?
Like, F. Gear Parkinson once said in Sarasota, WSPB.
Where the hell are you people?
When you come right down to it, you're there and I'm here and thank God for that.
Yeah, what did I think of the heat last night?
Oh, please.
Give me a break.
You're playing like a little girl.
I think playing the bulls.
Yeah.
And the first round.
Don't get choked up about it now.
I was just thinking of drinking there.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
WCQIN.
I got my check.
Ah, okay.
We got it.
It's in the mail.
WCQIN.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
I got a star report from Miami.
Yeah.
I work in a construction site.
All the illegal immigrants left at like 10 o'clock.
I wish it was like about 100 people here.
Yeah.
I've called a lot of my friends and all the jobs in Miami.
They have all left.
It's like from Florida Channel Striker something.
So I just want to share that and see if you heard anything about it.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
No, we do have the story about the all the...
Maybe they're afraid they're going to get busted.
Right.
It's a way down here.
I put it way down here.
I've been going around.
I haven't seen the...
Yeah, they've been going around busting all the illegal aliens.
Which means that by the end of the week there won't be anybody working in cell phone anymore, including George.
I'm legal aliens.
I'm legal Cuban.
I'm dead Canada.
I figured I'd do it before that punk calls in your buddy.
Yeah, that's still what's stopping.
With...
Some people have a green card.
That kid's got a pink card.
566-705-60.
You're fair.
I'm 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
But these people are like the egg man.
They don't want to come out of their shelter, they.
But this phone is working.
Thanks to Bellsoft for that fabulous job of getting their crappy equipment working again
within only 24 hours or less.
What a bunch of losers.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's only one thing worse than the...
Bees, that's the killer bee-leaves that you've been dealing with them for years.
Yeah, they're killers all right.
Okay, thanks for the bulletin, hon.
That's the killer bee-leaves.
The killer bee-leaves.
Maybe they put the bee in Beesley, huh?
Or maybe they put the bee in your bonnet.
Or maybe in your...
Back to them.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What is happening?
Just amazing.
He must have his own phone problem there because every time he gets on there like...
Josh does the magic trick thing.
He waves his magic wand and this guy like just vanishes.
Or he's shooting with some of Barry Bond's vanishing cream.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
I got a project card.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
They're paying these...
They're paying these illegal, let's say, $7 an hour.
Another gonna get rid of all of them.
Another gonna pay $9 an hour.
There's not gonna be any workers in South Florida.
You can't live here unless you're making 50 bucks an hour.
50 bucks an hour.
Who do you know how to do this making 50 bucks an hour?
No, nobody.
That's my point.
Everybody's gonna leave.
You can't live here, any.
That's something...
All of the better for a man.
If that's what it takes, more power to him.
That's what it takes to get everybody out of that.
I didn't make any sense at all.
Huh?
I got to make any sense at all.
So there's no illegals, so they're gonna have to pay everyone.
You want to...
You see, here's your problem.
Some jackball calls up and makes sound.
I'm not saying he says something.
I just say he makes some sound.
He moves his lips.
And you're like trying to have like a rational response to it?
No.
I thought that's what you were doing.
Then forget about it.
Forget that you ever heard that voice.
Forget he ever said anything, okay?
Hope.
Exactly.
Very well done.
Well done.
Like, stay cooked a little bit too long.
And don't be afraid.
Remember that story about the...
Not that it's anything new, but meat's cooked at high temperature.
You know, and giving you cancer.
What about that thing about the teflon?
Oh, yeah.
No more.
Oh, yeah, what?
Teflon.
Give me cancer.
Don't use it.
Yeah, that's right.
I got a teeth-al-frying pan.
I better stuff...
I'm cooking up, rounded up that burger.
I better burn my hair.
So you're going to have to scrape your meat, you know, big deal.
Don't scrape your meat.
Chafes like hell.
Yeah.
But it's worth it.
You won't get cancer.
That's what you think.
There's Tom Cruise again.
I don't know if anybody saw the thing on those stupid ass in the channel surfing yesterday.
He was just all over the place.
He's going to look like a cancer in my TV.
He said, like Robert Grieper was it to QAM.
Like a cancer in our midst.
And there was Tom Cruise.
And he's a certifiable.
He's crazier than a bedbuck.
He's just...
You're ferried.
Out of control.
A crazy person.
And I'll tell you also, as you're watching, he becomes more and more...
Looney?
Yeah, yeah.
No.
Every time you see him.
I see.
So talking to you.
He's like a little girl now.
Just come on Tom.
Come out of the closet, please.
Before they show that episode again, get everybody, get Isaac Hayes all bent out of shape.
Come out of the closet, please.
We beg you.
And John Provolder, come out too.
And Arkelly, please.
And we're your peace.
868 votes already on this.
What country represents the world's greatest threat today?
The USA, 390.
Iran, 139.
China, 122.
North Korea, 86.
Is Kim Jong-il?
Saudi Arabia, 51.
And Shmata Heads, man.
Nice headgear, though.
God, I love the little...
What are the little point of things in the corners there?
Is that just a whole rest of a doubt?
I don't know.
You tell me then.
Well, let's find out.
I'm trying to, man.
It's the most important investigative work that we can do is check it out headgear.
Because that's...
That's the world's biggest problem is that competing headgear.
I hate this full 23.
Israel, 21.
Canada, 18.
We are dangerous, man.
And go to come after your ass.
Iraq, 15.
India, 3.
And Pakistan's got the big O.
This is the Middle Roger.
And the bomb.
This is 5.
16.
QA and...
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Any questions?
Maybe you want your cup of mess, old.
That tour in place we know.
That's absolutely...
You can't aim a madapel.
Who's her name begins with you?
There's one thing we all understand.
Oh my god.
Al-Tayda will be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Oh, right.
We could chase him round forever.
With our tanks and all our troops.
Rock solid, special forces are so tired.
A jumping through them who...
So we could enjoy it.
We know we need another plane.
Let's cut out all the nonsense.
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
Yeah, let's get busy.
What are you saying?
Get on it.
Al-Tayda needs a nuclear tank.
We're gonna keep it.
We're not gonna stop pussy food.
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
That's the movement correction.
We're doing, doing, doing.
Oh!
Boom, boom.
It's 11-1-560 WQ.
I'm happy to see you again.
I'll tell you.
Yes, to see you.
Can't believe I did that to myself.
Can you?
Did I get up to do it over there?
No, I'm not.
I don't have to when I'm not drunk.
Maybe like that.
I do like this.
I'll prop off Pakistan.
I'll fly it alive.
When I think back to know the track by the dirt
It has to be.
What?
I'm happy.
It's wonderful I can think of all.
Absolutely.
And my life is big.
Kishor has heard the noise.
I can read the writing on the wall.
Hold it for all.
And give it a nice ride.
It was a dream.
It was a dream.
Make you think of all the good.
I'm telling you what the anybody wrote like Paul Simon must be anti-Somantic.
I tell you that right now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6.
You don't forget that big draft party coming up on this Saturday.
Take a look at that schedule.
The rest of the day is guilty free.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, brother.
They did a rest of your ear drums a little bit.
We got the Ponderous Kimbabwe campers, two to four this afternoon,
and that revolving slot.
Don't forget Barry Jackass is that Evan Cohen was auditioned on the ear Sunday morning,
even though Claire Belden is that.
And then of course his response was,
we were trying to improve our weekend programming.
If that is the case, then how come I don't see Evan Cohen's name on the schedule for next weekend?
This coming.
Do you see his name on there anywhere?
No, but you know this is the case.
I see Curtis.
I see Len, Lenny Martez.
I see the Crow.
Oh, my God.
I don't see no Evan Cohen on there.
So for really to, if that's the truth, I had this, this, uh, this Claire Belman.
He picked up right where his predecessor left off.
Do you know what I'm saying?
In many ways, first and foremost, being...
Ah!
Ah!
That one.
It's a company policy, man.
Don't ever tell the truth.
The truth will set somebody free and we don't want to do that.
56670560.560.
The Verizon Singular wireless line.
Georgia's performance last week.
Your thoughts.
Once that movie we were talking about yesterday, American Dreams with a Z.
Now we had one call on that one.
The phone was still working a little bit.
And the guy said it sucked.
I'm sure somebody saw it.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil, how are you?
How you doing?
I just need to know a few of you.
I received the fact that I sent you earlier regarding how we can get together and stop this oil problem.
The facts that you sent me?
I sent one earlier.
I don't know if it's been received yet.
No, hasn't been received yet.
Still working us way through the system.
I see.
Okay.
And in the nutshell, let me just give it to you.
If everyone who's buying Exxon and mobile gasoline just buys another brand for an entire, for the rest of the year,
we could just shut them down.
At least they could start being more competitive as far as the price is going to buy another guy.
I don't understand.
What does that mean?
Another one is like, Amaco is cheaper than Exxon.
Is that what you're talking about?
It doesn't matter.
But if nobody's buying Exxon or mobile gasoline, buy a new car.
What about that car?
Are they giving any bargains out?
I don't understand what you're talking about.
It's going to have to force them to be more competitive and drop the price.
If nobody's buying gas from their stations at all.
You must be in a dream world, man.
Tell me when the drug shipment comes in, okay?
Don't anybody buy Exxon, okay?
And then they're going to drop that price.
Nobody's going to buy Exxon because this guy called the show.
It said, don't buy it.
Oh my god, you're right.
Who would have looked like that?
Yeah.
Good.
God.
Thank God.
You're right.
Never got that fact.
Now, he must have dreamed it.
You know, maybe he was hallucinating about sending the facts just like he was with his craft.
Then nobody's going to go to Exxon because he called some stupid talk show.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
Yeah, that's going to solve the problem.
Don't buy certain brains, man.
Go buy that real cheap gas.
You're in the kind of, like they sell it some of the mini-marts that kind of gas that you wouldn't put in your motor scooter much less in your car.
Yeah.
You buy some of that crap.
It's gas-ish.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right.
It's like 80% water and 20% something.
Rubbing alcohol.
Right.
I was going to say gas, but then of course I didn't have a f*** drop something there.
And Joyce would get all upset.
Joyce is the anti-gas lady.
Forget about that.
What's that?
Bino stuff.
Forget about that.
That class lot of them.
I just call up Joyce.
She'll like way from magic wand and you'll never have gas again.
She's the gas eliminator.
899 votes.
Look at that.
We're going to have 900 by like 1106.
Aren't you excited about that?
What's going on here today?
Harder.
I guess maybe the audience is coming back after George being on that.
That's right.
It's just a little joke.
It's just, are you crazy?
They want you back on now, man.
They want you back on now.
Go ahead.
Crazy person.
Okay.
All right.
I didn't even get a jingo win on that.
I'm just going to have time for a jingo.
CKLW goes.
It's going to be nice.
Let me ask you something.
What are the odds that I could ever do that again in a million years?
That was special.
That was a lot of fun.
That scared my bowels.
My bowels started twitching when that happened.
That was like the car we got there with a guy calls in with the bird is sitting there
cackling, you know.
And he's doing that fricky ticky.
And then all of a sudden the song was the red rubber ball by the circle.
Remember that?
Right.
And he talked it up.
We just had a moment in radio greatness and nobody ever know about it because we're on a station, man.
It's good.
What does it got to do with the heat?
And last night's big win.
Even Norma can't was at that ball game last night.
Instead of doing some studios work and something important, he's busy at some stupid basketball game.
Where there's all black guys on the court and all white people in the stands.
There's something really strange about that.
It kind of reminds me of the Romans and the Christians.
You have to wear white when you go to the games.
Is that what it is?
They also have the white pom-poms like at the, well, I'm trying to think of who that is.
Is that the saber crowd?
What are the hockey teams doing that with a white, you know.
Maybe that's the Kenideans, the frogs.
It gets a little bit old, you know.
They're like Trent lot with the pom-poms, you know.
People are starting to talk.
You're fairy.
Somebody QA and hello.
Real men don't wave pom-poms.
QA and?
I know.
The reason I'm calling is because I know you're a big BG fan.
Yeah.
And I heard you playing night thumb Broadway earlier.
I just wanted to tell you that they have an album called Here at Last, BG's Live.
And it has all the, all the, you know, older hits.
And they're a little bit more up tempo.
And I found the white them a lot better than the studio version.
So you might want to be a chance to get that album or CD.
And, you know, hopefully you'll like it.
I know I like it a lot better than the studio version.
Because the studio version is horrible.
I can't stand live CDs.
I can't stand it.
What?
I'm usually, we can go on that, but this is pretty good.
Well, it's pretty good.
You know, give it a try.
Okay.
All right, you know, thanks.
Thanks.
See what, well, I want to do that.
Well, I've got this one here.
And I don't recall why did I do that?
I guess because I saw the BG thing on biography that night.
Remember several months ago.
And I got inspired because a lot of the music is pretty good.
Even though a lot of you don't want to admit it because it makes you sound good.
Yeah.
That's okay.
I mean, what's his name?
Barry.
He was the one who did the high-fall settle, right?
But I guess that.
I think he knew you guessed.
I thought they all were.
No, Barry was the one who did the leads.
Come on.
Barry would have the lead.
But they harm it.
He isn't bearded.
Be isnt beasley.
Be isnt boy.
Be isnt bitch.
Joyce.
Awesome.
Where are we going to be here?
What else?
See, I don't know how anybody can say now.
Although I will say this.
He finally starts singing.
And it is very high.
And I'm high register.
I don't know.
Yeah, like that.
Maybe Gelly could have been the next beat.
That's more as good to me.
Good thing.
I think he should be a politician.
Now here's the answer with it.
Don't need that burger, Morris.
And whatever you do, don't go to our sign either.
Fill you.
We are right.
To the TV.
To the TV.
We are right.
We are right.
To the TV.
We are right.
To the TV.
To the TV.
Oh, we don't have time for that.
Maybe a little bit later though.
I think there is something there I got to bleep out.
Remind me, too.
Or not.
Guess what Joyce?
We don't care anymore.
We are sick and tired of all your dictatorial crap.
We don't.
We are tired of it.
In fact, when Josh goes into the seat, you will tell about your deal to staff.
We shouldn't tell him that, too.
We are tired of some bitch over in Naples telling us you can't say this and you can't.
In fact, he is not just a regular ordinary bitch.
Are you aware of that?
You know what kind of bitch he is?
I do not.
They say I love his tap.
She belongs behind bars.
I guess she would be a prison bitch.
Joyce.
We are sick of it.
We are sick and tired of it.
You want more than you arrive at your show, Mr. Bell.
Then let us do a show.
Let us do a show.
Unshackled a show.
Remember that song by Rachel Ralls on Shackled a show?
Nope.
Unshamed my heart.
That is what they say in a little event.
Unshamed my heart.
Look at that.
Higher gas prices cause you the back cut back on spending.
54% yes, 45% no.
You wait till the end of the year, man.
This gas thing continues in a will as the summertime approaches.
Everything else is going to go to the food.
Everything is going to skyrocketing.
And this wonderful economy that they are rambling and babbling about.
It is going to go right in the old crapper.
Look at that.
Do you see those gas pumps on here?
They just showed?
No.
People were just stopped buying gas at Exxon and mobile.
And everywhere else.
I think somebody disconnected that guy.
Shoo!
Wow.
It is kind of like the Terry Shiboh of Talk Radio.
900 and some odd.
913 on that pool.
Which country represents the world's greatest threat today?
Which is the country with all the nuclear weapons that seems to be invading everybody else
because we don't want them to have them.
Because we make up a lot of crap.
Because we want their oil is what it all boils down to.
We put the oil in boil.
USA 410.
Yeah.
410.
There is nobody even close.
Iran 145.
China 130.
But third man.
North Korea 93.
Saudi Arabia 51.
It was on 51 last time I read these.
Well, you people are sure getting sucketed by those Saudis.
Maybe they like the way they dress.
That must be it.
Or maybe they like the way they decapitate people like down there at the Chop Chop Square.
And then what they call it?
Okay.
No, that is it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That is what they call it.
That was it.
That was it.
That was it.
That was it.
That was it.
I smell it.
You know, whatever you were.
I smell it.
Yeah, I smell it.
I smelled it.
Yeah, I am laughing.
Yeah, I have never been healed.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was it.
Yeah, I have never been healed.
Yeah, I need to be joined.
Little rid��.
They're innocent now where their lawyers probably will.
They can then wave to the courtroom now.
They had a little more fun than the campus allowances.
The
Guest to young
Duke
Boy
From the
Duke of
Crossting
I'm dying on the
head.
Picture got out of hand now all over the land.
They got their face on TV.
We're hopping in the time machine.
Oh,
what's it come along in pain?
No,
here's the golden
deck in the
WQ
AM.
Right now.
I'm
I'm going to fall settle in this one.
It could be wrong.
Yeah,
a little bit.
Yeah.
You're
there.
That's very
I bet they all
enjoy this very round
too fairly
favorite.
They all do it.
But he's he's the lead singer on most of the
other night.
You haven't seen these videos.
Oh, yeah, I have.
You better get with your time life series, man.
You better start getting serious with the time life series.
Actually,
that's pretty good.
I got that time.
Which one is this?
The 70s.
70s music explosion time life.
Remember, I got all the time testing George before the show
every morning.
I think about two notes.
And he got a couple of them right.
Yeah,
I actually did pretty good.
David Cooper.
I shouldn't have said that.
I'm not going to dump it though.
I don't like using people's last names, but he wouldn't
put it on there if he mind it.
Plus, it's such a common name anyway, right?
Right.
I'll speak of that.
How's Anderson's Cooper?
So David says on a fact, so I happen to be one who loves
the bedtime stories.
He reads quite a lot of stories on the website.
Thank God, as well as many other sites.
Here's Eric, a couple of I thought were very interesting.
You may enjoy another first one.
The John Dean one was on our website.
So get with it, David.
Come on.
Says, I apologize if you already covered them.
I don't want to type your facts machine.
Machine.
So if interested, they can be found at.
And the first one's on our website.
The John Dean one.
Of course, most people in America don't know John Dean
from Jimmy Dean.
From Howard Dean.
Right?
Right.
From Dean Jones.
Oh, remember Dean Jones, boy, he sure was bad.
And then it was all, what's his name?
Speaking of bad singers.
Jack Jones, remember him?
Oh, yeah, love both.
He would get out of here.
Terrible.
Jack Jones.
Plus, he had the thing I remember out of him, he had like a funky nose.
You know, the tip of his nose looked like he had bad classic shoes.
Oh.
And the slab of long hair.
Also, he's got another one on here.
It says, why Natalie Holloway is lucky she's not around to make accusations, blah, blah, blah, blah.
An article about why the Fox vehicles are so obsessed with Natalie Holloway.
I'm going to have to check that out.
Thank you, David.
Why are they obsessed with that?
And now that what's your name?
Rita Cosby's over on MSNBC.
Why can't they just leave it to that bitch?
Well, she is just, every one of these stories, man.
It's the epitome of what I've been screaming about for years.
Ever since we go back to the Michael Jackson deal and the OJ deal in Alienito, all of those.
Me, just a bunch of crazy people, okay?
You're insane.
You're lunatics.
You're grave robbers.
There, there on this dupe thing, man, like stink on the beesleys.
Just incredible.
All over it.
And then somebody faxes in like I'm supposed to care about this.
John Edwards to appear at UM to support striking janitors.
Well, that's why you can't spell scum without UM.
Because the janitors are on strike.
Former Democratic Vice-Presidential candidate, John Edwards, will appear today in support of a strike by U of M contract workers.
They've been on strike at the University since early March over alleged unfair labor.
Well, you know what we're going to do?
Bring all of the illegal aliens over to UM.
Bring them to Gables and turn them all loose.
That sounds good.
Yeah, they're scabby anyway.
Yeah, let all the scabs get loose there in the Gables, man.
It worked for like 50, 50 Cent an hour.
Maybe even lower than that.
Fuck, 30 Cent an hour.
How do you like their maples?
I don't like John Edwards.
He strikes me as being as phony as a 46 dollar bill.
I don't like him at all.
Plus, he's a draw, a draw in Yehu, you know?
I can't help it.
I do admit it's one of my weak points.
I try to be a fair figure.
Yeah, I'm a bigoted old.
They call me Bob, bigoted old bastard.
And I'm just not into drawing Yehu's.
I just have a thing about that.
I don't like him.
What kind of story?
Yeah, he's one of me.
Probably one of your neighbors up there in the Carolinas.
Probably.
Nothing to be finder.
They get that lot of Carolinas.
And now you go out there.
You can have South Carolina by the way.
That's right.
It's all urine.
W-Q-A-M-Hell.
How old are people?
W-Q-A-M-Hell.
Yeah, N-E-O.
Yes, sir.
They are 20.
They're raver.
Yeah, I know.
How about those neighbors?
Yeah.
My team.
Yeah.
The game on Sarah was tremendous.
Yeah, the game on Altaway.
I noticed that Ken Hitchcock, Alfred Hitchcock, was pretty embarrassed after the game last time.
They showed his post mortem afterward.
He was pretty long in the tooth.
Yeah, I wish I had seen that game last night.
I couldn't catch that one.
Well, they kicked their ass.
Don't start with a hockey talk.
Now, who paid you to make this call?
The guys across the street start talking hockey and sabotage the show.
We already got it from the inside.
Oh, no.
I got my white one out.
We don't need that from them.
You know something I'm rooting for the Sabers too.
And I just left it yesterday.
The first game, you know, we got to pick somebody to root for.
And since I have both of my teams sucked wind, I got a root for the Sabers.
Hey.
Oh, and last night on the Buffalo News, they showed, see, because we only get the network thing on the NBC thing, so we don't get the regional one.
But they showed the generous call of the winning goal and overtime in the first game.
It was sensational.
He's just great.
He is awesome.
I mean, he's no Dave Anvoring, but you're doing the best you can.
Yeah, yeah.
He put you to sleep, Dave Anvoring.
Yeah, he's pathetic.
Totally, totally.
Yeah, he's good as rich walls, but he's working on it.
Listen, I grow mangoes in my backyard.
Can I get nuclear weapons?
Yes.
Yep.
I'll send you out a couple right now as a matter of fact.
All right.
Hey, I sent George an email.
I'll be get it.
Okay.
I'm going to look for it.
Okay.
Send him some good stuff.
So, you know, any weaver wants a good stuff.
And Jordy would like to have a little something left over too.
A good stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How do you like that?
Woody Graber.
We love the Sabers.
They're Kit Gennas.
I tell you, I like Lindy Rolf.
He's having some tough times.
His daughter's got like some kind of a brain thing, you know.
But she's going to be all right, I guess.
And he's a good guy.
I actually loved this show when he was the assistant coach with the Panthers.
He was on the...
Him and Pat Raleigh are about the only two sport...
And of course Doug McLean, my good buddy Doug McLean, who had the wisdom to hire your buddy,
Rimmer, get him out of town.
That's the good news.
I forgot to say to you, George.
Haven't heard from Rimmer in a long time.
Wow.
That's why I'm in a good mood.
WQIM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Well, why don't you call it?
I can't buy many meals.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
OK.
I'm doing fine.
Hey, how about Dave?
I'm boring.
This is what...
He's been a broadcast since 1969.
Is that right?
I don't know.
You're asking me?
Well, he did the Establo's games one year on the internet.
I know he did that because nobody would put him on the air.
No, no, but he used me for a long time.
Now, he's really that bad.
How can you think he survived all these years?
Well, let me ask you something.
Jack Rickhouse broadcast for the Cubs for 170 years.
He's one of the worst I ever heard of.
He's a horrible guy.
Horrible.
OK.
Yeah.
I can do better than I thought.
Well, there you go.
OK.
I just answered the question.
No extra charge.
Chris, Christine Moore.
That's like the booster gave me that crap at a hockey game one time years ago.
I was telling him how bad Chris Moore was.
That's back in the day and he will buy me arena.
Well, yeah, but he's working in the NHL.
I said, there's a lot of bad people working in the NHL.
Oh, my God.
A lot of bad people doing sports on here.
Just because somebody got a job somewhere.
Maybe they had to make it pictures like...
Yeah.
I mean, like Robert the Creeper.
In fact, Tony wants that.
Tony has times about history.
What does that mean?
17 past 11 a.m. at the Melting Pot fondue becomes more than just a meal with some memorable
four-course dining experience where you can really dip it in something different.
And you are a wide variety of unique contrasts and special melting pot dipping sauces.
And there's nothing like going in there and dipping the good stuff.
Imagine starting dinner with the Melting Pot.
And now in cheese fondue served with three different breads, granis with apples and crisp veggies.
Next, your choice is salads.
All of the Melting Pot homemade dressings.
Antues include lobster, frail and manion, shrimp, cajun, seasoned chicken, pork, portabello mushrooms, duck and more cooked and oil or broth, whichever you like.
And those melting pot dipping sauces are out of this world.
See, back in the beginning, when the Melting Pot started many, many moons ago, I think it's back when I was on Zeta.
And I was talking Melting Pot.
And it was very good, but they only had like a very limited menu and just a few things now they've expanded it and it's just out of this world.
And for dessert, the chocolate fondue is really special.
Dip fresh your, stick your fruits in there, man.
Strawberry is bananas, pineapple, cheesecake, brownies, topped off with tasty marshmallows, rolled and crushed Oreos and graham crackers.
Just stick them in that like melted chocolate.
Even Ray Nagan would be impressed.
And they also got not just the dark chocolate, they got the white chocolate too.
So, so stickingly sweet, it'll just send you into orbit.
Your blood sugar goes zooming through the roof.
The Melting Pot and four-large dail crawl springs, Vulcan, North Miami Beach, Cooper City and Kindle.
You can't beat it.
And if you're tired of the same old pedestrian stuff, this is a great place to go out for a real treat.
The Melting Pot dip it into something really different.
This is me, Roger.
This is 560, QAAM.
Wait please.
Hey, Wonder Girls, there you...
Hi, I'm David Sampton and I use this out like this.
Until I knit that queen a silver cut.
I'm looking for a new home for my world champion, Myland.
And I don't like sharing a stadium with big, sticky football players.
I had my heart set on a new stadium, but my dreams were all dashed because of that tight-celled bird.
Well, it's not gonna happen now.
And it's all your fault, Hank.
All your fault.
Some certain will be welcomed as liberators with flowers and candy in the new city like San Antonio.
Put that your pink pipe and smoke in, huh?
If you don't want the marlins anymore, just take them home with me, open myself to play in my own backyard.
So put that in your lost column, Florida.
And remember, there's nothing more important than life than the grab-out factory of Man on Man's Fort.
The win for a home, for the marlins, for the home of El Niel.
You get a lot of things.
All right!
If you're Rogers, I'll sports hold radio with WQA.
Hi!
This could be the worst day I hit song of all time.
What do you think?
It's in the running.
So.
It's perfect.
Always one.
Bottom 10.
Bottom 2.
If you've got a problem, don't get what it is.
You need a hand, not gonna show you this.
Swacking hill.
Go, go, go, go.
Billy Swann.
Swacking hill.
You're fairly.
Billy Swann, that's it.
Did you look it up?
No, man.
That's immediately the same thing as Billy Swann.
I think it was very annoying.
When that thing was big, it was played air.
Even on stage, they were playing classical music.
They played that.
Oh!
Court.
Court in.
That thing was just horrible.
Awful.
I can hail, my oh!
Please, somebody help us.
560-560.
We're very full-call intensive today because we got to make our quota from yesterday.
Kind of like the FHP.
Got to make our quota.
Like the city of plantation there on the new Hyde is road.
Under the new palm trees or whatever those trees are on the median.
As opposed to the old Hyde is road to losing all their business.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
You know, it's funny that you mentioned Chris Moron and Christina Moron.
And Boogshellby.
Last week when the Guelden won, came on the radio.
I reached for the radio dial and went across the street.
And there they were just like in the good old days.
The Boogster and Christina Moron.
Hello, my brother.
How are you, my brother?
Oh.
You see you, my brother.
Okay.
Getting Christina Moron's in-depth analysis of the upcoming NFL draft.
I've received the drive-off of the road and crashed my car.
Oh, now Christina's an analyst, huh?
Yes, he is.
Oh, and be the first time.
Amazing.
What a choice, huh?
But you know, one thing about the Boogster, man.
He latches on to some of the Boogs.
I don't, you know, got a lot of talent on the play by playside.
He's not a talk host.
I always said that he won when he was on a station.
But he latches on to the biggest losers, you know, between the Labaster and Christina Moron.
I don't know what that's all about.
Can you imagine just, you know, being searching the radio waves and having to choose between the Guelden 1 and listening to that?
Oh!
Maybe that's why no sports radio is the way to go for the future.
I'd rather have my hair set on fire and put out with a sledgehammer.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
Good work, pal.
You don't do it again.
That was good.
See, I told you, if you take 40,000 calls, man, you get a gem and a rough like that one.
Uh-huh.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
All right, thank you, all right.
I don't know.
All right.
All right, thank you, all right.
I'm pleased.
All right.
Okay, thank you.
Such a huge sense of being.
Huh? And thanks, sweetie.
My father is here, too.
And my mommy is beautiful.
It's not like being the child of Billy Joe.
And, Christy, please, we have a 50% chance of looking like him.
That poor daughter looks like a troll.
Can you imagine the bad luck having Billy Joe as your father?
And a beautiful, Christy, bring me as your mother
and you wind up looking like him.
Anyway, my life is pretty good so far except for Elvis.
My mother is too thin, they're wearing me out.
I don't know where I'm going until I hear about it.
I'm going to take it tonight.
And, of course, I know it.
I've been to Cambodia.
I've been to the Bah Plays.
I've been to Cambodia and I've been to Cambodia.
I'm not feeling the belly of my mommy and you need a jelly.
But I'm also looking for what's up being born.
Because then I'll get to you now.
And the other thing I want to talk about is imagine idle.
Because I was until I had my mommy's belly.
And I don't like that grandma too.
But I think she has a cold air.
And I think that grandma is probably very cute.
He sounds very cute but I can't see him.
Because my eyes aren't even open.
I can't wait to see him.
Right now I saw him at my home.
And he's stuck to a grabster.
How much you like his life?
I will have him.
Okay, that's all for now.
I got it done because I think the plane is being built.
And I have to go on another freaking trip.
Bye!
You have just witnessed an official pre-birth monologue from the unborn baby of Angelina Jolie in Brad Pitt.
A big, big, golden...
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, wait a minute.
I'm going to have a look at the record.
Look at that.
In Washington DC last November.
I don't know the honor of Joe Jolie.
I just said a trial date for July 10th in this matter.
Okay, that's the educa la crostine rape case.
And again, what she said, I wrote it down just to make sure I get it right.
Because yesterday my Alzheimer's kicked in.
Plus I was suffering my QAM allergies real bad from coming back from vacation.
But the other stripper, she said, how can I...
I say I wrote it down, but I can't find it.
How can I spin this to my best advantage?
That was exactly what she said.
How can I spin this to my best advantage?
In other words, getting off whatever charger she had pending against the hurt,
being the low life that she probably is, or maybe, who knows?
So where's the credibility?
Where's the beef?
They're almost saying she's full of crap.
So she just made it up and now she's embellishing it.
Oh my God, how can they dear?
Let these slime balls off.
And what they did to hurry out on other show in the picture of this diver.
You see this guy?
And I'm going to say he hits the aboard.
Oh, it's all the time.
Oh, nice.
They're going to show that how many thousand times today?
3rd man.
Oh, man.
I hate when that happens, don't you?
No, whatever.
Wow.
I hate when Darren Kagan happens.
Oh, he can't stand that.
But there's Mrs. Limbaugh on there pretending to be like some objective urelandist.
Man, we used to like her a little bit.
Now we hate her like poison because it probably rubbed off.
This before the break.
This is the most bizarre thing.
I gave you a little of this before the show today.
Just like Claire Belgeviss, a little of his BS before the show.
By the way, Josh, go in there and look, kick his ass.
What?
Now I'm serious.
How much did you go in there and then rant and rave and carry on and just start screaming
and waving your arms and flopping around like a crazy person?
I'm going to have to.
Good.
I think you said he made you a good offer.
No, he did.
And this is over in the bubble.
This is over in the bubble was on the table before.
No, it's the same offer.
But it's a good offer.
But different.
No, I want you to get more.
Tell Neil says unless you get more, he's not coming in tomorrow.
I need more.
Really?
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I can't even handle that.
I never thought we'd hear that.
I guess we're going to have to do the break first because otherwise get way behind.
But that thing with the diver hitting his head on the board.
Oh man, what do they do that to us?
What is wrong with you people or at CNN?
Let's see it again.
This is Neil Rodger.
And again, this is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Neil God.
I have strong confidence in Don Runs.
So I hear the voices, but I'm the decider.
And I decide what is best and what best is for Don Runswell to remain the secretary of the fence.
You want me staying here?
I'm not going to dump them.
I don't care what anyone says.
I hate going to bump them.
You want me to axe them for screwing up my rack.
But I'm going to keep them for staying on my track.
I know I've kept chaining, who shoots his own buddies.
I know that New Orleans is still pretty muddy.
You say I'm a moron for a prima donna.
But I'm the commander.
I do what I want.
I'm the decider.
I don't have to think straight.
I don't care what you say.
You're not going to stop me.
I'm the decider.
I'm keeping rummage.
I will decide and keep on dividing.
The mindset of final decision.
And Don Runswell is doing a fine job.
I'm John.
John.
John.
John.
John.
John.
John.
John.
John.
John.
I'm elevation flyer.
John.
Brian.
You can already hear that voice forever.
I'm elevation flyer.
Do you remember when seeing him with these fingers?
Right.
That means he survived.
Your nouveau sensible-
Well, the國y few years ago
out especially if an idea is still in the early stage you should catch on standing room only seats.
You can't really call those seats now, can you?
Well, it says seats in quotation marks.
Airbus has been quietly pitching the standing room only option to Asian carriers,
though none of its agreed to it yet.
Passengers in the standing section would be propped up against the padded backboard
and like a surfing in the air, help a place with a harness to conduct sports to a seat of proposal.
But short of that option, carriers have been slipping another row or two of seats into coach by using strong related materials
that allow for slimmer seat packs.
The third seat theoretically could be used to give passengers more leg room,
but in practice the airlines have been keeping the amount of space between rows the same to accommodate additional rows.
In other words, they're a bunch of grave robbers. They want your own money. They're not going to even be more leg room.
The result is an additional six seats on a typical Boeing 737 for total 156 and as many as 12 new seats on a 757 for total 200.
The developments result from several factors, higher fuel costs, higher fuel costs make it difficult for carriers to turn a profit.
Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. You and your Saudi buddies, your bunk bunk buddies,
banned our bush and all-in-bid ladens man. It flew out of here on 912.
The new seat technology alone when used to add more places for passengers can add millions in additional annual revenue.
The new designs also reduce the seats weight by up to 15 pounds, helping fuel consumption.
A typical seat economy class now weighs 70-42 pounds. I got a good idea also. How about like not letting real super fat people on a plane?
I think they already started doing that. Charge an extra. Did they? They start charging by the pound.
Good. So once you take your shoes off and your socks and you go through that thing with a screen you look at and make it,
then you got a hop on the scale, okay? Right.
So don't be like no that crap food in the airport before you go through the security because they don't even like paying extra.
When the airlines trimming the size of the seats back and coach they're installing seats as thick and heavy as ever in first and business class,
thank God, and going to great lengths to promote them. That's because each passenger in such a seat can generate several times revenue of a coach's driver.
Like here is truly man, I'm paying for a lot of your slots out there. I don't fly no coach.
Oh my god, the thought of that back with everything peons. That'd be like going to woodbine and sitting around with all of them slime balls that came out there on the T-T.
He's on the bus. Oh, just a smell of it. A thousand and sixty votes inside even noon yet. We got ten fifteen. Aren't you excited?
Medium. So then we think it's not ten fifteen because I go back to bed. I think I got meningitis. I think it likes stiff neck.
You got men in what? Men in the aftershades. I would say men and aftershaves like one step away from all the spices for us being really bad.
No real man. Not even a mate believe man like me uses men in the real real men. Huh?
Or what I got? I think it's electric shave or something.
Oh, that's even worse. That's your what it is. But the use enough of that green stuff here become a men and I.
Aqua Velvers. Something I have no idea what aqua velvet. Now that's okay. Actually aqua velvet. I'm not sure what it is. It's green. Oh, green.
Looks like it came out of the latrine. 560.560. pound 560 in the horizon.
So if I sound a little off my feet it's because I am and George is like in a real bad way. He's had even a second.
He was passed out or both. Yeah, he's not looking to get really looking green. Don't be calling it sick tomorrow that this is a build up for that because I just might not participate tomorrow either.
That's both take the day. I have to use a show. No, we don't want to get in the big bucks. That's right.
What's your new deal going? That's right. Oh, I hate this song and I hate Dave Lugins too.
I hate this song. I not only did I not like it, but then I heard it way too many times. Exactly.
Dave comes to Boston for this great time. No. I'm staying here with some friends. Yeah, let's meet at the what else the Quincy Market. What do you say?
I know a lot of people get P. Old when I say but it's true. The Italian food in the North end highly highly overweight. North end of a Boston's supposed to be really great Italian food. Forget about it sucks.
And I tried several of those different establishments there and it's just not good. Niste good man. It's crap. You want really good Italian food well. 560.560. pound 560 in the horizons.
Singular wireless line. Deputy QYM. Hello Q.A.M. You could go at any candidate. Yeah, I know it. I mean my am I can't. Very good. Pally. I knew you could do it. I knew you could spit it out.
And I'm sure wouldn't be the first time. Look at that phone man. Is that thing lit up like a Hanukkah bus or what? Nothing. That is a door nail. Our goal is to take 4,000 calls.
I guess they're probably can't I do that guy to call earlier about his radio accident with Vougan. Chris moron. That was one of our stellar calls. I like the other gas prices guy best.
The gas price. His guy was finally sold by X on. That's going to bring the guy if everybody just waits. His full chain where chain facts finally can do. I'm going to wonder about this phone now. Okay. Starting to get a little bit nervous about this phone. Deputy Q.A.M. Hello.
We can all safely say it puts Pat Quinn in the basket. Okay. Good. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. Sisted. They've arrived in singular wireless line. You ain't no Pat Quinn. Mr. Okay. I guarantee you that you ain't no mighty Quinn.
Deputy Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. That's the only wishes to get paid a million and have next year for not working. Yes sir. I was I want to call out how you talking about X on making the record profits. That wishes number one contributor who's campaign was at home. What a surprise. How about a halibut and is making money for a and alleged pipeline that never got built. It's nothing but a big ditch and they're making a hundred thousand dollars every second or something like that for it. It's unbelievable. The way they put it. Yeah. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it. They're ready to do it.
They seem to enjoy it. They like it. They like that pipeline deal that they were trying to push with the Taliban. That is correct. The Taliban over here visiting and giving them pomp and circumstance. Well, I speak of the Taliban. You remember we were supposedly all done with them and we got rid of them. They killed a four Canadians over there in Afghanistan. The peacekeepers over the weekend for more dead because the Taliban are out of control again. So not the Canadians anything but the Canadians. Exactly. Anything but those dangerous Canadians. According to the audience out there, man.
They're dangerous. What country represents the world's greatest threat today? 1027 votes. The USA, 460. They're in Alika, their own Iran. I mean, Iran, 169. I got to say it right now. China, 146 North Korea, 106 Saudi Arabia, 56 as in Q 56. Maybe if we were some Saudi hit gear, people would like this better. And then we could start pumping. How you do it? I'll start. I hate this poll 25. Israel 24. Canada 21. Oh, the dangerous Canadians, man. I'll start.
You're a hosers lookout now Iraq 15 Pakistan 3 in India 3. I say those packings Indians if they want to kill each other. I'll have a good time. Right. Well, here's that story about federal immigration authorities arrested 183 fugitives other legal immigrants in Florida alone last week. The state's largest round up in a single a week. Fischal said yesterday. The arrest included people convicted of sex offenses. Chalabis cocaine trafficking and weapons violations and looking at people cross side. The originally from 26 countries and most eventually will be deported deported. You know, they this whole thing about guessworthiness.
Worker programming. Stop and think about that. Guest worker. My ass, you know, well, what does that mean? We already have it. First of all, it's wrong. Yes, but crap. It's a fancy, you know, dolled up name for letting people come illegally and then work and take people's jobs and provide for cheap labor for a bunch of gray robbers. That's all it is. Just another way of phrasing it of the hundred a three arrested 130 were fugitives. So already been ordered deported by an immigration judge. The remaining 53 were also illegal immigrants who happen to be present.
My fugitives were taken into custody. They just happened to be in a wrong place. 95 of those arrested in South Florida, 35 in Tampa, 30 in Jacksonville, 23 in Orlando. The fugitive operation is separate from another ice life cracked down on employers who hire and harbor illegal immigrants. Those that want out to get the gas. That's right. All these employers that are hiring because they want to cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap labor. And so what if they hired what if they pay the couple bucks more an hour and we had to pay a little bit more for those goods? We sure as hard wouldn't be paying as much as we're paying for that gas. Thank you, Mr. President.
I just dropped just dropped a CD on the floor. I don't want to do that. It's bad. Oh, and there's a very lengthy article which I wouldn't dream or read in this because I it would take like till midnight.
Seen more hers in the New Yorker would president Bush go to war to stop tear and from getting the bomb. But I do have a couple of paragraphs here. I might just a little wouldn't minute.
Can I do that? Please. I might did it with them. And there's poor Charlie Sheen and then Tom Cruise says the birth was really very spiritual. Hey, Tom, get some help. You're a crazy person. Oh, here it is. The story about Halliburton. That's why I was searching for that. I just told the caller about a no bit.
Halliburton project in Iraq could cause nightmares for president Bush and vice president, and then you have to the failed project.
Got front page treatment is the New York Times. The article begins by describing Army inspectors view of a gargantuan trench which was supposed to be a glimmering achievement of the US rebuilding of Iraq oil infrastructure. That's where they're going to stick to the.
The project called the fa'taq pipeline crossing had been a critical element of the 2.4 billion dollar no but reconstruction contract that Halliburton subsidiary had won from the army in 2003.
The spot where about 15 pipelines crossed the Tigris River had been the main link between Iraq's rich northern oil fields and the export terminals and refineries that could generate much needed gasoline heating fuel and revenue for the Iraqis.
For all of those reasons, the project's demise would seriously damage the American led effort to restore the oil system and enable the country to pay for its own reconstruction.
But the pipeline at Al-Phatat, whatever it is, has a wider significance as a metaphor for the entire 45 billion dollar rebuilding effort in Iraq.
Although the failures of that effort are routinely attributed to insurgent attacks and examination of the project shows that trouble decision making and execution of played equally important roles.
The project went ahead despite warnings from experts that it could not succeed because the underground terrain was shattered and unstable, kind of like our management unstable.
It continued chewing off astonishing amounts of cash when they predicted problems bugged the work down with a contract that allowed crews to charge as much as $100,000 a day as they waited on standby.
You got that? $100,000 a day while the work held, kind of like hanging it out.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.60 QA.
No! This is Steve Goldstein. But you can call me Kelsey. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to... Wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour!
The Walt Disney Productions comes the cutest little Arabs you've ever seen.
Arofat, Abdullah, Jerusalem, and Little Jericho, 102 Palestinians.
This time, the Wicked Karella Barak is trying to separate all the little Palestinians from their happy, West Bay homes.
It's one explosive situation after another with all those Palestinians scrambling for cover.
Don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature, 102 Palestinians. Now showing in theaters everywhere.
Can't wait, Club Noon at 5.60 WDQM. How's Ariel Shuron doing, by the way?
How's he doing, what?
With lunch. Saturday, this Saturday, it's QM's NFL Draft Party with a mad dog at Hooters and Pemberpines joined Jim Manits along with Joseph Gackie and the big O.O.
For all your draft, they cover Join us at the Hooters and Pemberpines QM's NFL Draft Party this Saturday, starting at 10 a.m. presented by Hynacon.
Hynacon!
So see more first rights in New Yorker, the Bush administration while publicly advocating diplomacy order to stop Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapon, has increased planned Destiny activities inside Iran and intensified planning for a possible major air attack.
Croix and former American military intelligence officials said that Air Force planning groups are drawing up lists of targets and teams of American combat troops have been ordered into Iran undercover to collect targeting data to establish contact with any government ethnic minority groups.
The officials say President Bush has determined to deny the Iranian regime the opportunity to begin a pilot program planned for the spring to enrich Iran.
American and European intelligence agencies in the IAEA agree that Iran is intent in the tent on developing the capability to produce nuclear weapons, but there are widely different estimates of how long it will take and whether diplomacy sanctions or military action is the best way to prevent it.
Iran insists that its research is for peaceful use only in keeping with the nuclear non-plural for a proliferation treaty and that it will not be the laterally turd.
There is a growing conviction among members of the US military and the international community that President Bush's ultimate goal in the nuclear confrontation with Iran is regime change.
Iran's president, Masboud Ahmed Ahmad, say I keep trying to pronounce it, ask my denet, whatever his name is, had challenged the reality of the Holocaust and that Israel must be wife or said that Israel must be wiped off the map.
Bush and others in the White House people say potential Adolf Hitler, a former senior intelligence official says, that's the name they're using.
They say well Iran gets strategic weapons and threaten another world war. Well if we have one former potential Adolf Hitler in the US why not one in Iran, right?
Right. The balance.
A government consultant with close ties, here's the best part. A government consultant with close ties to the civilian leadership in the Pentagon said that Bush is absolutely convinced that Iran is going to get the bomb if not stopped.
He said that with the president believes he must do what no democratic Republican elected the future would have the courage to do and that is saving Iran is going to be his legacy.
Oh, one former defense official who still deals with sensitive issues for the Bush administration says that the military planning was premised on a belief that a sustained bombing campaign in Iran would humiliate the religious leadership and lead the public to rise up and overthrow the government.
He added I was shocked when I heard and asked myself what are they smoking and a crozontaker. It's not like that. See more harsh probably Kim to sunny.
I'm sure and crazy legs. Hirsch five six seven oh five sixty let's get those phones smoking baby. What are they smoking? That's what they want to know because we want some of it and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line.
Can I look at my any look at that phone man. I don't understand.
I can't spastic when I four-minute laykishes up. I guess that's going to kick us off again really weak this week. Well, of course yesterday it was Bell South.
You hear that the clear bell with that song and it ends well that was Bell South. What about anything else? What are we screwing up? I'll name it. You know anything you can name. You're doing it.
You're doing it, Joe. And we're waiting for this phone to grow like spastic here any second. There it is. There goes.
Oh, it'll come in. I just went out again. Q. I. M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Phone's not ringing again. Yes. How you doing? Maybe you a judge will help me out.
The movie in the 70s that there was about a car that everybody tried to stop and then zap crashing against the bulldozer.
A car that everybody tried to stop right. I believe it was a car.
A car 54. Where are you? Yeah. We've got I have no idea. I know it. But I don't know it. Do you know what? I'll take it. George is going to put on this thinking.
Somebody will call. So they will call it and tell us. Okay. That should be your biggest problem. Car. I'm moving in the 70s. There's a release. Yeah. The phone.
It's flashing out. There was just for one second. I thought we were right back to where we were getting yesterday.
That maybe Bell South was going to like mess with us again. I think we had a sue their ass is what I think. Oh, gee. That would be wrong somehow. Yeah.
I mean, I'm sitting there trying to do a talk show. The phone is our bread and butter. I mean, this is the meat and potatoes. The bread and butter. The whatever.
The cats me out and you know, they work basically whatever the hell they get there act together over there.
Not to mention, of course, all the times that we've heard the Bell South people tinkering with it. You know what I'm talking about over the years when we hear that sound.
You know, I think you were just being paranoid. No, I was not. I was absolutely not. They hate me like poison. You just by association. I'm sure.
W. D. Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, what's wrong? What? I'm telling you where to look. Back to W. D. Q. A. M. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, Neil, you ever ask a like a Republican? What do you think about the whole George Bush thing?
I don't know. I don't know any Republicans. I don't know. Republic is good. Media. No, right. They're fairies anyways. Right? Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. You're fair. They've rising singular wireless line. W. D. Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay. Have you talked about the story about the 76 year old guy in Coconut Creek that was arrested from personating a doctor?
Yeah, he was that was on our website over the weekend. He was going house to house doing breast exams.
The craziest part of the story is that he convinced two women to let him into their apartment.
And after he started the examination, then they realized he wasn't a doctor. Yeah, what a pair of boobs. Hey, man, I love your show and always a person.
Thanks, pal. Well, I all you guys out there, they're bored. Maybe not. We got laid off or whatever or laid. Just go house to house and start doing breast exams.
I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there
for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I
I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there
for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I
I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there
for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I
I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there
for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I
I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I drove a game and I was lying to myself. I've been out there for some time. I've been out there for some time. I've been there for some time. I have been out there for many times. I 12 hours a week. I've been out there for me in a week. I've been in a week. I have been back in a lot of times. I have quite an amount of take-home books. From 5.35 to 6. Iraith, I have almost fifteen. I've got £1.000, and all that stuff. That's a big thing. I've got ground maps.
taken out of South Florida. How many people are going to be left?
About 30 men.
What are we talking about?
It's just another excuse to go randomly through and start picking and choosing.
Oh, we don't like the way you look and we don't like your last name.
It's just ridiculous on the face of it. They screwed up for all these years
and now they're going to make it right?
There's no way to make it right.
How are they going to deport 15, 20 million people?
I keep saying 11 million. It's just a number they made up.
It's a lowball.
How are they going to do that?
Do what?
The deport 15 or 20 million people.
First of all, who are they going to pick?
Obviously only the ugly ones.
Don't deport anybody.
All of them.
Like I said, all of them.
One note of it.
And I don't go along with that. Don't be important.
Anybody looks real good.
I'll even let you choose the women. How's that?
All right.
Okay. See, we just got a new immigration policy.
All right.
It looks real good to us.
We'll be the committee.
Committee of three.
And we'll vote on it.
If you look really, really hot, then you can stay for a while.
Until we're done with you and then you're out.
Until you're well-worn.
Like that pivot man, a kid that was on a phone a little while ago.
Probably taken a little breather.
12 minutes passed, no, and at 5.60 WQM, Kim Bo camper.
Forget about this silly stuff we're talking about.
We got the important.
We got the heat stuff from last night.
Oh, yeah.
And the icy hot sleeve.
And then we got the NFL's rad coming up.
I think Bo's got something up his sleeve.
And then we got mad dog four to seven.
Curtis seven to seven thirty.
It gets only half hour.
Because the Marlon games at pregame seven thirty.
Marlon's at the Cubs, it'll five where they blew the game right down the toilet last night in the eighth inning.
And Eddie K follows Marlon's baseball.
What are four ready?
What do you ever do to deserve that?
I think the only thing worse than that is following the Panther games when you agreed, Josh.
Yeah.
Uh oh.
What are they eating folks?
That's the mystery.
Don't tell us till we come back from the break.
I bet you it's, um, I don't say it.
How is it?
No.
Not melting pot again.
Uh, it's on the Baker.
Somebody that doesn't advertise on our show.
Oh, don't tell us.
What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long?
And it, but from what they're telling me, man, it's already harder than Hades.
It's only the 25th of April.
Man, you got months and months of heat and humidity.
And if your air conditioning is in the top shape, you're going to be schmitzing your brains out.
Even if you don't know what that means.
So how about getting an instant twelve hundred dollar cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner?
The five star edition of the carrier infinity system.
And to make things even better for you, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heat with it.
They've been taking care of track honey area families for three generations.
As a carrier factory authorized, either Royce guarantees you're a hundred percent satisfaction.
And their guarantee is backed by a carrier that people have edited air conditioning in the first place.
And it now come up with this new carrier infinity system that actually performs a daily diagnostic check.
And then adjust itself for maximum efficiency.
And as far as your current air conditioner is concerned, to maintain maximum efficiency on that deal,
join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club.
Twice a year, they'll inspect and tune up your system.
You'll enjoy a priority same day service if you have any problems.
And ten percent off any needed repairs as well.
All of this for just a hundred and ten bucks a year.
So whether you choose a two speed infinity system with pure on or piece of mind with a comfort club,
either way, make the Royce choice.
That's the smart way to go.
Tell that old Neil, totally called tool free, Royce Air and Heat.
1-800-377-0075.
1-800-377-0075.
Make the smart choice the Royce choice.
This is Neil Roger.
What's all it?
This is 5.60-Q-A-S.
Bitch, coming up tonight on Inside to Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Bargary Profile Story.
They came by their name rightly.
They were the Colt.
The Colt was lit by Ian Asbury.
Oh, Ian couldn't make it.
But I'm a Colt representative.
Would you like to take a free test of your personality?
Whoa, hold on.
Just 500 questions.
It will only take you three hours.
I don't think so.
Do you ever feel like you might like to be healthier or make more money?
Oh, come on, he was never thought of that.
I see.
So your dissatisfies would like.
Oh, and there's a film presentation?
No, I don't want it.
Welcome to the Church of Asbury.
Take control of your life by doing exactly what we say.
And giving us as much of your money as you possibly can.
I'm outta here.
We have a runner.
We have a runner.
The Colt run away.
Run away.
It's a big juicy stomach west like a show business.
Can I have an inside to Behind?
No way!
CKW.
Colt.
All right.
What's up?
What's up?
I'm told all the lives sleep Jesus.
I'm told all the lives sleep Jesus.
Oh God.
Sitting down down in a railway station.
I'm told all the lives.
Waiting for the train to go to some sweet memory.
Twenty past noon at 560 WQM.
The less said the better about that.
You like this story though, from Dunedin.
I bet you were Dunedin.
It's not a matter of fact you just got Dunedin.
That's what I was thinking.
Because he was over there and was it Brandon?
I was.
Spent some time over there in Brandon.
Probably a little bit too much.
Probably stopped in at what's that place?
That place?
No, the fast food joint over there.
Oh my God.
Every fast food joint that's ever been created is on top of it.
I'm talking about where we don't have in South Florida.
Oh, hearted.
Sonic.
Well, there's a crystal down here.
Sonic.
You might be thinking of.
They have Sonic in Dunedin.
Hearties.
Hearties.
They don't have down here.
Every damn.
I bet you don't have Harvey's though.
No, we got that here, eh?
You don't have Tim Horton and you don't have Harvey's, eh?
Yeah, I miss him much.
A Dunedin dad probably made his point about his son spending too much time on the computer.
Penelope Sheriff's deputy say he shot at the monitor as his son sat nearby.
Just like...
Un...
Relivable.
Forty-four-year-old Joseph Langendurfer was the rest of his day.
He had known this home on Francis Street in Dunedin.
His 22-year-old son Tim, I keep in mind this is over on the West Coast of Florida so it may sound a little bit old to be shown at your son's computer when he's 22.
Called 9-11 saying he and his dad were arguing his dad just shot at him.
The older Langendurfer reportedly told deputies he was mad that his son hadn't done the laundry and was spending all this time playing games on the computer.
He told deputies that all the way told his son that he was going to shoot the computer.
They got accidentally fired.
It was an accident and nobody got hurt.
It's up the computer.
Oh no, the bullet actually hit the wall about three feet from where the kid was sitting.
Well, 22, the young man.
Langendurfer is now in the Appanelist County jail charged with a one-cat of attempted murder accused of trying to kill his son.
Not the computer.
I didn't like that because he was watching too many videos.
Don't you think that's a little bit too old 22 to be playing too many video games, huh?
No.
What are you trying to say?
I play video games.
Mark has said it's a little bit too old to be playing all of them video games on there.
22.
Do something a little more productive.
Okay.
Go out there and sign up for the peace corps.
Go out there and protest and march and demonstrate and something.
Or go to the casino and lose your ass.
Oh, who the hell was telling me so I better not say it.
I don't want to get that sales department all bent out of shape.
If you say anything, it gives them a convenient excuse.
They don't need any excuses because they're already inept.
So I'm not going to say anything about certain casinos.
Sorry, South Florida.
Why do I speak to that?
Don't let me forget to ask the Humper tomorrow.
Is it going to be June or July?
Well, when we're getting the slots going in those joints,
Pompato and Hollywood Greyhound,
Danya Highly, and Gulfstream.
Those are the four.
We got a thousand 98 votes.
Our rate's not even 1230 yet.
This is a sign.
Don't you take this as a sign from God?
Yeah.
Actually got one slut tomorrow, huh?
You better not call in sick tomorrow.
You just don't make a case and we can be your last.
I know.
Yeah, but Monday was a holiday that didn't take.
Because I'm planning on maybe call him in sick tomorrow.
I'm thinking about it.
Although I'm feeling a lot better.
I woke up this morning.
I was sure I was going to have a band.
Well, I did have a sore throat, you know?
Yeah.
But now all of a sudden, I guess the bacon kind of cleaned that up.
Boy, there's nothing like that.
Oh, my way bacon.
Ooh.
What?
Nothing, it just doesn't sound good right now.
Well, it was good.
Now, what are you eating there from...
I'm not eating anything.
I can't eat anything.
Not from Tony's, is it?
Yeah.
Oh.
Why do we want to plug him when we got John the Baker?
You're going to get somebody really upset.
I'm telling you right now.
No.
No.
No.
I'm going to be all...
Then I'm shaping it.
Yeah, I know.
24 past noon, we want to get a million calls on between now and two o'clock.
We're like going for the Guinness Book of Records.
If we've actually had a couple, I've made some sense today.
We're kind of cute, weren't they?
Yeah, they were.
Couple of okay calls.
And then of course, the usual, Dregs.
5, 6, 7, or 0, 5, 60, Pound...
Remember, he was our former GM.
Remember him, Dreg Read.
And Pound 5, 60 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
I know who's online, 6 of my psychic powers.
I guarantee you.
How much you want to bet?
Above.
Coming to QA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I was wondering if you got a chance to talk about all these idiots that are stopping in the
middle of Miami's busiest intersections because they want to try and make that, you know,
that next light, you know, and I was wondering if there was anything else we could do but beat
them down, you know.
You're just shooting them.
Okay, October 1st last year, somebody better read to the bulldoom, okay?
October 1st, that's one of the long list of people you were allowed to shoot.
If they, you know, interfere with your life, if they represented a threat or a danger to
you, just shoot them and you just scrape them off the road.
Do you have any idea what he's talking about?
No.
I need to see.
5, 6, 7, just stretching, reaching for a little material, which I'm telling you.
That's when I'll retire is when I feel that finally somebody in South Florida has got
some material because obviously the heart is don't.
It's like you'll be on the air alone.
I'll be on the air till I croak.
That's what your buddy Joe Bell was saying this morning.
Hey Joe, show us something, okay?
Beside your...
Correct.
Yeah.
Do a little something for us and then maybe we'll consider extending it.
Beside somebody, side my foot toward your butt.
He's just so out of...
You know, Norm had him summed up real well last night.
He's so out of the loop that it's kind of scary.
He's out of the loop.
Get him some fruit loops.
Paul in LA, remember Paul in LA who's always faxing us?
Mm-hmm.
He says that there was also a movie in the 70s called The Car with James Brolin.
The driver was never visible and supposedly the car was possessed,
sliced driven by a demon or Barbara Strihan.
If I remember, oh, then James Brolin was also in the Amityville horror.
Remember?
Right.
Didn't see the Amityville horror.
Yes, I, long time ago.
I didn't like it.
If I remember correctly, Brolin was used a bulldozer to destroy the car.
It's the same.
It might have been the car with James Brolin.
Well, let's go if that was the one.
The vanishing point.
It was vanishing point, two to one so far.
PS Watch Requiem and Network for the 100th time over the weekend.
Thanks for the great movie recommendation.
Hey Paul in LA, watch The Man Who Wasn't There.
With Francis, McDormand and Billy Bough, Thornton and James Gandalf Femey.
Don't be a weenie.
Watch James Gandalf Femey in The Man Who Wasn't There.
And what was the other one?
The Forgotten.
I got to see that from the beginning.
I think you might like it.
You from Tommy's Sinter too?
Yeah, this is the DVD.
This is the DVD.
It's got like 20 different endings.
That's great.
Let's play them all and pick out whichever one you like the best.
I like it.
So I like one.
I mean, that's to me.
It's just so acid.
We like writing a book with like 10 different endings.
So you can sell 10 different versions of it.
The only difference being these people can't make any more money on it.
Because it's still on one DVD.
Right.
And speaking of DVDs, I don't want to stir the pot.
It's kind of a mood point anyway.
Wasn't it supposed to be May?
Is it this coming up next month?
That Toshiba is coming out with a new HD DVD player?
That's what I heard.
Because it was originally going to be April and then he decided
well there's no DVDs going to be put out until May.
So why should we rush it?
You know?
So I guess it's coming up maybe in a couple of weeks.
I think it was May 12 something like that.
I better keep my eye peeled, man.
Not a great expression.
Keep your eye peeled.
But I heard that.
Yeah, it would.
For that new HD DVD.
And then of course the, I mean,
the movies that they said that were coming out on really suck.
You know, like not that I saw that Batman begins one.
You saw it.
Yeah.
But would I want to see that?
I don't want to see it period.
No.
I don't want to see any of the Batman movies.
No, you don't.
Because if you're a Batman fan and there's one that doesn't
even have a Robin in it, how can you have Batman without Robin?
I think there's only one that does have a Robin in it.
So like I said, so where is the credibility?
And that's what it is.
And that could be the worst one of all.
What do those movies have to do with Batman?
It was just war.
Not a pedophile.
That's why it wasvert ward, right?
Every now and then I see some of those old Batman reruns here on the, like, Nickelodeon
channel or whatever those oldies channels, you know.
They show those a lot.
The old Batman right there.
That was a great series.
Never did get through that movie, did you?
Oh, I forgot about that.
I still got it.
What's it?
Well, how can you get through it?
Listen, it's a movie within a movie.
Just just bear through the, uh, the outer part.
I'm not going to get through that really crap.
Yes.
Because they got these fake Batman and Robin.
Robin people on there are fake, uh,vert ward and fake, uh, Adam West.
And it's so, it's thunderous and so corny.
I mean, you know, the show was corny, but corny an entertaining way.
The part of the movie I watched was corny in a very ponderous way, as Casey would say, really
ponderous.
So, uh, sorry, should just pass forward.
Yeah, that's what until they get to the flashback parts.
The part where, uh, uh, robins were in the real tight tights.
Right.
29 past noon at QIM.
This is Neil Rogers.
He's filming.
This is 5.16 QA.
Adam.
Beyond God.
This week on HBO.
Ah!
The gay sopranos.
Oh my God.
You're Tony.
What you doing if you get some wacky people?
I'm going to get a pedicure.
Then I'm going to see Brokeback Moon for the 15th time, because that's not going to be in theaters forever.
Fantastic.
Hey, you got a boy there.
Yo, I needed a show off to your grandmother.
That was awesome.
Thank you, Tony.
You're so thoughtful.
The gay sopranos.
Yo, check it out.
I got my back hair manicured into the shape of a heart.
Yo, Tony.
That's adorable.
We love you.
To the bout, we'll do it.
Let's go.
The comic battery is about to be...
Roger, you're in the middle of it.
You're fair.
Yeah.
Two, it just needs the same without the visual duo, the Bam all the way up, yeah.
Kapow.
The pal, exactly.
Oh that's stuff.
Wham Bam.
How many votes we got on a pool?
I bet you we got 1126, man.
This is really something else.
Figure out something else.
Standing off there's your president man looking like a real Bozo with some Shmata head who's that guy who that was that guy
Do you see that no better? I can't watch Derek some getchki
Well, they I take it one thing man. They sure got some lineup on there now, don't they between
Sunshine what's your name? You're so we did and the space the sky miles of Brian the O'Brien twins and Pato Brian and then they got
She's not on now they got the the see in an international crap Jim or a clancy King Clancy and they got the
Daring cake and then they got they got that cure of Phillips
Oh, and then Wolf Flitz Grig the most pathetic human being ever on the face of the earth
Welcome to that situation room. I led the wolf blitz Grig. Oh God. What do you think Jack Cafferty really thinks about him?
Huh probably like to kill I don't know. I'd like to see it. Yeah, well you give 99 share better than that the diver hitting his head on the headboard
Of course that diver's probably hit his head on the backboard many times too, you know, I'll certainly leave him by that
I don't know
Well, what country represents the world's greatest threat today USA
499 way ahead of the rest in fact
I think I had almost almost the rest put together damn near I ran 189 China 160 do I ran once the bomb and we say you can't have it
How do you like that? You can't have it. Oh you want it here? Here's what you can't have it
China 160 162. Yeah, here's a bomb for you and here's another one North Korea 112 Saudi Arabia 65
Well, you better get on to them. Shmata heads man. You better go watch Fahrenheit 911 again
Better watch it over and over. I wouldn't be surprised if it's on my cable right now might be there
It's making the rounds like your godfather was there for a while good thing that Josh got to see godfather 3 and stop being
Influenced by your proper proper improper gander. Mm-hmm. There's the Lord's a dog town. Is that any good?
I didn't get a ski team. Oh, that's with your buddy
buddy
From probably all of us amul herch
Oh, he's in it. He is a
Screamer. Anyway, Lord's a dog town. It's about a a surfer kid turns skateboard. You see now?
I saw the commercial squad. I should see it as a skateboarder
Yeah, and they finally at least shaved all that schmutz off his chest anyway. He looks oh, yeah, he looks okay for a screamer
What else we got on the grassy high?
Yes, we need you kids, everyone venomous. Oh, that's the story of across the street venomous. They would do anything to hurt us
What was that girl's strong medicine masterminds the stranger within oh, that sounds very ominous don't it the stranger within
I'm scream TV a boy with murderous tendencies try to convince woman that he's her long. Oh, that's the stranger within Kate Jackson and Rick Schroeder
Oh, but that's not the one
What the hell was the name of that movie that's not the Kate Jackson wasn't in that remember that one about the
Strings a little kid in the bathtub. We were just talking about that before vacations
It's the same story line the same plot although that kid wasn't murdering anybody does anybody get naked in that version?
Kate Jackson maybe I doubt it. No, why she doesn't get naked. No, I'll be damned
Tear on the beach. How much of they get naked? Let's see you tear on the beach
In commercial touch a thos the day the earth stood still that's great movie kung fu of taekwondo
Internal glaze or that's what I'm getting now. What is that?
Chronicling the life and achievements of Alberto Giacometti
Oh boy, strange looking the creature danger on the air. What I must be about this show
Okay, so that is my menu got some bits of a no-fer night on 11 because I would play the audio the rest of the show
These people need to get with it anyway the Saudis got the 66 on the pool. They should be way up there near the top
I hit this pool 28 Canada 27 of course very dangerous Canadian's a
Israel 27 Iraq 15 Pakistan 3 in India only three
See it's a one thing there. You don't have a whole bunch of packies and Indian people we don't know you do not
And you certainly don't have anywhere near the number of oriental people that we have like here home
Oh my goodness. Oh, man. I think we are like 75 different Chinatowns
They've got all those remember I told you about all those herbal things
They've got the shark the tiger tooth and the tiger's law and tiger balls
Like the horses of balls all these other things man. Cockamemia remedies
Cockat it all is cockamemia too by the way
Ancient Chinese secret you have will keep it secret five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon
Singular Rettles line
When the theft and conspiracy trial a former state school superintendent Linda Shrenko begins in Atlanta and federal court this week
It'll mark what could be the final chapter of this story of a history-making politician who went from a rising star
And the Republican party to facing decades in federal prison
Shrenko is accused of stealing more than 600 grand in federal education money in part to pay for a field can
Oh, by the way, do you see this story while I was on vacation about the guy in Wisconsin who put his daughter up for sale to get money for home improvements
No, how much did he get? I don't know but I was thinking boy. That's an idea for you
Well, I want to know some figures here
She's accused of stealing more than 600 grand in federal education money in part to pay for a field campaign for governor on a facelift
Hehehehe
And a facelift
Juraced election begins today at the Richard B. Russell federal building in Atlanta
The trial will make the former Augusta rear teacher George as most high-ranking elected official and decades to face such serious charges
It seemed like every few years as a state law make her who bicestered us at University of Georgia political scientist Charles Bullock
I wonder if he's given James. J. Bullock. I hope not
But in terms of a statewide officer. She may well be the first release the first talk about how I sound-try Bullock
I like well, I better than James. J. Bullock
Yeah, huh?
Don't see him no more. Thank God. Now speaking of celebrities actor Charlie Sheen over the weekend
and I charges from his estranged wife actors to these Richards that he had been abusive. Well, I'll teach her to marry a punk like him anyway
You think? Yeah, deny charges. He had been abusive toward her and their daughters and he had threatened to kill her
I move forward to maintain my integrity and focus on my children Sheen told the entertainment tonight
Co-anchor Mark Stein is whatever his name is interview for the Paramount Pictures program to be at April 24th
That was yesterday missed it. Damn it on Friday
Sheen was ordered to keep at least 200 feet away from Richards and their two young daughters after the abuse allegations were made of
Court papers the restraining order is the latest chapter and the storming marriage between well, you know, when we was on the other day
That was then and this is now didn't watch it because I seen it like 80 times. You know who's in that all the all the punk actors
Yeah, see Thomas how I'm in the estervez right?
Who's the one with the succane eyes?
I don't know. Craig Shefford Matt Dylan and Matt Dylan and Tom Cruise
I believe is in that too that was that was money with trade for everything with trade it was no
The restraining orders the latest chapter the storming marriage between Sheen
I just mentioned that because the media estervez is his brother somehow a one-time playboy and model actress Richard
35 who filed for divorce on mid-
last December after less than three years of marriage Sheen starved the CBS hit TV series two and a half men
He's probably the half told entertainment tonight Richards filing is a heinous document of fiction
He's probably eating at those famous heinous cookies
Mm-hmm. I am deeply saddened because this is clearly demonstrating a wanting and willful attempt at what I describe as a radical and
Transparent smear campaign and clearly departure from sound same responsible co-parody
Sheen said or he sounds like a real like a lucky daddy like a real intellectual
Steadies, you know, he's got his heart in the right place good liberal guy
But he ever since the apocalypse now. He had been quite the same. You know it. Yeah, do I have to really watch that?
I said it to you tonight. Yeah, no, you don't have to watch it. You go the raw revolts in is the only thing that I want to see
It I don't want it. It's good. Sheen was reacting to Richards written declaration that she could no longer accept his abuse of
And threading manner and must stop him from the cycle of his abuse toward me and our children and continued threats of violence and
Statement city's been a kill me Richards is the only one and terribly capable of putting these radical allegations after
Rubberkin consumption my children included sheen said Richards also led Sheen set up actor Martin Sheen of used prescription drugs
Gambled compulsively
Prequented prostitutes and like to look at pornography on internet our kind of guy
This is Neil Rogers
This is by
Definitely prices were expected to hit three dollars a gallon by the start of the summer
But guess what they're close to that or even higher in some areas right now
The price is won't come down looks like it's gonna be four dollars this summer maybe I don't know
Busy summer driving season
You're taking a road trip in an SUV it's gonna be an expensive proposition
I strongly agree
That's a good thing
How high will you make it dramatically hard?
You asked for it. Yeah, Vicky Lord. Here you go
You have rather hear than that
But not too much of it call 47 at 560 WQM. So anyway speaking of let's stand a celebrity thing
Okay, cuz they're already boring to me
Speaking of movie star Tom Cruise he was in Rome to promote his latest blockbuster yesterday
But his main mission was to rush back home to his bride to be Katie Holmes
Oh you fairy and baby daughter and resume diaper duties. What was that?
I said about duty this morning. What's that?
Sounded like a some gratuitous duty to me. Look at me as a married guy girl yet. Oh Hank. Yeah
Cruise told a news conference in Rome ahead of the world premiere of mission impossible three that he would cut short as European promotional tour
Also scheduled for gay paris the city in which he and homes were engaged ten months ago
I mean this this whole thing you know you're buying it now believe me where we did it. Yeah, it was a baby here
You believe it nobody believes it even he doesn't believe it
It was everything we wanted to be and more crew said that the birth last week of Suri it was really very spiritual
I wonder if that was the Suri with a friend John top the Hollywood a list to suggest and that he wasn't afraid to get his hands dirty
Oh, I mean the first time back home. I changed their first. He said I changed that for all the time
I have to tell you why I love it. We have a whole system worked out. It's the B and B
She does the breastfeeding I do the bumping and the burping and changing the diapers. It's teamwork. It's fun
She does the breast of business and he does the burping business
Cruise has two older children that adopted during his fake marriage to actress Nicole Kidman
13-year-old Isabella and 11-year-old Conner Suri was his first biological child
That's what it says here. I don't that's not for me. That's what it says here part of the film mission impossible three
It was shot in Rome the city where cruise and homes known in tabloids wrote on his tomcat
Made first their public romance in late April 2005
Spiny for photographers that they DVD Donatello Awards. Let's be in Donatello's I bet you're just never right there in Tampa
No, I didn't good place. You know what I heard on Dale Maybe there
Coenate tell them that I said today love me. I bet you they remember me there Donatello's is that right?
Who do I have you? Donatello. Yeah
That's a long time ago. You know they probably all sleep with the fishes now, you know
Like like Luke Cabrazzi poor Luke a man very scary guy
But the problem would look is he sleeps with the fish look a brassy sleep suit the fish. That's what I heard
How many votes we got on 11 54 we're gonna over 1200 day during the show what a feather in our cap, you know it?
Oh, yeah stick that your pipe and smoke it joy
Yeah, you bitch god. We hate you like poison. You're you're the impediment to our success. I think we had to sue her personally
Okay, yeah
I'm serious. I'm thinking of finding a multi-billion dollar lawsuit against Joyce bitch for impinging on my ability to entertain the audience and have a
Good time here and enjoy my life. I probably croak because of her
So everyone when I croak your I'm giving you the permission to sell a sample a little venture depth
right
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 and the Verizon Singular wireless line George and I are both gonna be out sick tomorrow
I think Josh is gonna have a hell of a show
Thinking given the all the details about the great new deal. He just made with the joe bell
Carre bell you're gonna do that. No, I'm good
And then you can probably read the whole fine print your new contract
Okay, yeah, it's fine. Oh
We're fine speaker that a win man WDQ way and you stay okay, and I look at that
Wow
WDQ way and hello hey Neil yes, sir you you're big town of the Godfather right? Yeah, you should check out the
Sicilian clan. Have you seen it the why Sicilian why?
The Sicilian clan what word is his man saying?
The Sicilian clan
clan clan
Clan KLA and Claren Claren not Claren Claren Claren Claren Claren okay, I'll check it out
Speaking of a Rome and Italy Toledo
I'm not Toledo Italy Toledo Ohio the body of a Roman can I do you the story already because I don't want to like
We do it. No, but you said you knew about it right father Robinson. Yes
The body of a Roman Catholic sister found slain in 1980 in a hospital chapel appeared to be destroyed
It displayed in ritualistic fashion her arms and legs straight and no sound of blood
Well, something's got to be straight in there a fellow non-testified yesterday at the murder trial of the priest to cues a killing her
People though usually die very straight especially in the church sister Phyllis and Jirol present a mercy hospital
If the time of the slaying testified in the a trial of Reverend Gerald Robinson
He's accused of killing sister Margaret Ann Paul
How do you like that a murdering priest? I wonder if she's related to
Sister Gerald testified without emotion and clip sentences said her breakfast on the day before
Easter 1980 was interrupted by a screaming that she traced to the hospital shuffled where she found
Two or three other sisters in the victim's body
After first impression she responded the horror of it
I think it was the weirdness of it and the fact that she needed to be saved and then the effort thought is
Why the kind of right ritualistic kind of lay out of a dead body
Once I learned she was dead she was lying on the floor and I saw no blood her arms were straight her legs were straight
Sister Gerald testified
Robinson was not straight because he's a priest
68 is accused of strangling and stabbing sister Paul 71 in the chapel at the hospital when they work together
The priest presided at her funeral mass four days after her death. That's the greatest irony of all, isn't it?
Yeah, it is he kills her and then he presides at her funeral mass
Sister Gerald testified that the victim in Robinson would have had
Regular contact daily arranging a chapel masses she would have met him interacted with him every time they had liturgy preparing for it
Setting up for it completing it sister Gerald testified
The prosecutor using a mannequin on the courtroom floor with a jumper pulled up around the midsection
Arrayed the arms of sister Gerald's direction to mimic how she found the victim. Oh god
Can you imagine a priest in a mannequin in the courtroom? Oh my god. Wow. Especially it was a mannequin of an altar boy
The hands were closer to the sides. She testified asked about the position of the head sister Gerald testified
All I remember is the swelling of the face and there was no blood the prosecutor apologized asked asked if the victim is
Dendritle area was exposed. Yes sister Gerald said
Asked if the victims breast were exposed she responded. I don't remember that it may have been
Had a white cloth over that. I can't remember that
I would think she would remember
Prosecutors plan to present forensic and scientific evidence and laying out their case against the priest
Testimony during the first week of the trial in Lucas County, commonplace port. A court
We'll look at blood stains and wounds left by what prosecutors believe was the murder weapon a letter opener found in Robinson's room
The case will be in heavily on forensic evidence because there were no witnesses to the crime that happened so long ago
The police have said the killing may have been some kind of ritualistic slang because of evidence found in the chaplain because the non-sbody was
Post-local though she had been sexually assaulted even though investigators say she wasn't well
What the hell you know about sexually assaulting a woman anyway if you call that a woman
Huh, no, you have it out there's more there's a whole lot more to this yeah
But now why did he do it? Oh
Because she criticized him for cutting short how dare you the Easter mass right
Man he said she said he shouldn't have done that and he said stab stab stab
You know, I actually that one caller but I gotta do a little repair work here. I gotta put my whole button back on one moment please
Uh, let's see because I banged it so hard. There you go nice job. Thank you. And the lines are still uh
Yeah, they're still there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it Verizon singular wireless line
But you know something you can talk until you're blue in the face. You know, this is what I do
These people have been brainwashed since they were little children like Billy J. Kramer said and they're gonna just keep going and going and subsidizing the same crap
And there's nothing you can say no there's nothing you can say or do with a year do do with these people a lot of us are brainwashed too and we
You somehow had the strength of most people are weak because they're not like you guys strong their weak still your out there
It was voice if it's 1% they're out there
Now we're L Martino's voice and the godfather
That's right. I think that was really crossby
Oh she acts like a man with no voice
Oh, she is really I'll tell you if you wonder why nobody watches MSNBC
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
It's time for them up in Belkettika slapping all women with painted lips around the pole. I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean
Some
Hey
By the way, I've been given it some stores
Oh, I think it is I know that me and you can do much better go with six to 10 and on it by a gentile in the cranky
Do I think we might be happy to get dead?
I think you really got out of your mind. You got to have your wee wee bed
It's that time to type no chance I'll always show it to you
I'd rather die with the graphics
Why I'll have you know
I'm a big monkey too
I've been waiting I have very body but you you're not high
It's time
No
I
And so with you and me, for me, is much better than 10-10-5.
It's only right that I should get for sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
But we're safe, we're happy to get there.
We can't leave you there.
No.
Go straight!
Remember this golden castle?
Wonderful WQAM!
All right!
I'm right on the air!
Remember what I said yesterday about a love train by the OJs?
And that was one of the most underrated songs of all time?
I would put this in the same category.
You don't think so?
I like this song.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That is the lighthouse.
That was the middle of the smash.
It was a good song.
The original name was Loud Fast Rules.
Where did you hear that?
I made that up.
I pulled it right out of my house.
I like trivia.
I don't want to hear no crap tomorrow.
If I come in here in the morning and I don't see the FIC bars on that thing.
If I see the VU is pulsing, that means you're not there.
The nausea and dizziness are coming into waves.
Let's do the wave.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
We love the marlins.
The best thing I ever realized
The head rabbi is really called a reby.
I don't know if that was the case.
I don't know if that was the case.
I don't know if that was the case.
I learned from you every day.
I learned from you every day.
I learned from you every day.
Wow.
May or Michael Bloomberg called title bomb a general soul
who carried himself with poise and distinction.
Could he use the shave but nevertheless.
From the fires of the holocaust
The grand reby and his uncle performed a miracle here in New York
by rebuilding their community to match his glory days in your bloomers set.
Bloomberg.
Of course he's objective being the right wing Jewel here.
Why he's not all that right wing?
A little bit.
Just enough to go.
The satmar's emphasized tradition ended here to a strict dress code
Long skirts for women.
Long black coats, black cats, and long black beards for men.
Marriage is our range.
The married women must keep their heads covered.
This is starting to sound like the Muslims to me.
Yeah, well, you know, the same thing your people.
I think it's the allergies once again me.
Maybe that's what you're ill in from.
I don't know.
That's how the year made us to spring.
Allergy is bad.
Either that or maybe the maybe al-Qaeda is like poison the atmosphere.
People are all dying.
The sect takes its name from the town of Satumati in what is now Romania.
Title bomb was born in Romania.
Yo, how's this born Romania?
I believe Belolagosi, wouldn't it?
Right.
I think so.
Google it.
It escaped Nazi persecution during WNW2 came to the US in 1946.
The question of what's the West's see in them is the spiritual way nobody sees.
He's dead.
Some old Getsky died in New York.
Full of them.
Did you Google Belolagosi?
I'm doing it.
It's got dates here.
I would recommend Edward except for the fact that it's very ponderous and the same.
Hungry.
He was Hungarian.
Yeah, Romanian.
Well, how do you like that?
Now there is a place called Transylvania, right?
There was.
No, it's part of Romania.
It's part of Romania.
That's why I got confused.
It's part of Romania.
It's not part of Hungary.
Although they all they subsequent drachid and movies with all these other fakers,
they were from Hungary.
Conservative commentator Tony Snow, the likely replacement for a scum of colonel's White House press secretary,
played a small but pivotal backstage rule in uncovering the sex scandal,
the nearly sacked Clinton presidency.
How do you like that?
Talk about far-bison.
Snow worked as a speech writer for President Bush's father in the early 1990s,
introduced White House whistleblower Linda Tripp,
a literary agent Lucian Goldberg, who later helped Tripp tease out of Monica Lewinsky's detailed description
of her affair with Bill Clinton, the devil with a blue dress on Monica.
In the summer of 96, Snow reached out to Goldberg a long time friend to Goldberg.
From after Tripp called him for help writing to tell a to a tell-all book about Clinton.
Tony called and said, do me a favor.
Talk to a friend of mine who wants to write a book about the White House Goldberg,
sit Friday from her manhand department.
Nothing's sinister.
I get these calls all the time.
I don't even think he thought Linda had a book in her.
Maybe something else in her, but not a book.
The Fox Radio host and occasional rush limbaugh stand in, meaning Tony Snow,
Erno, meaning who was that?
Yeah, that's him.
He became friends with Tripp when both worked for the older Bush.
He's an occasional rush limbaugh standing.
He's going to be the press secretary.
Just trying to wear Fox news from his, as if there was any doubt.
But just, you know, Tripp, a clerical worker who shared Snow's conservative views
remained at the White House after Clinton took off his and Snow left.
And yadi-adi-adi-adi-adi-adi-adi.
In 1998, after the Lewinsky scandal broke,
Snow used his syndicated newspaper comms to praise Tripp's patriotism
to denounce Clinton as a currant allire and publicize Tripp's claims
that Clinton's spies were combing her garbage to justify attacks on it.
I like that.
They're combing through her garbage.
She also had a very nice-looking son.
Linda Tripp.
I just mentioned that in past.
See the things that I remember that stick in my mind?
Yeah, no, it's all right.
It is all right.
Just ask me, I'll tell you.
It's all right.
This Saturday's QM's NFL Draft Party.
It's okay if you care about the NFL draft.
You know, there's no life.
I have no life.
I mean, why does anybody-
Well, we've got to find out who the fish are going to take.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
It's just another good excuse to get blitzed.
And so go ahead and have a good time.
And let's see Josh will show up there.
You going to be there?
No, I'll be getting blitzed.
I'll have a barbecue.
Oh, how unusual.
Well, just a regular one or just an honor of the draft day.
Well, it's an excuse, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's like the fourth of July.
See, almost every holiday now is just another excuse to get blitzed
or to have to go out and buy somebody presents or both.
I mean, fourth of July and Labor Day.
Does anybody really care about independence
and the fourth of July?
Of course not.
No way, Jose.
And just to play like in Highly-Alyah,
put a few people's eyes out with some firecrackers
and give blitzed and go out there on a barbecue
and cook up some of that meat like really high temperature
to make sure you get a good cancer from it.
That's right.
The same on Labor Day, right?
That's right.
Anybody care about Labor?
Besides maybe-
What's your name?
Katie Holmes?
Oh, I'm so-
I'm just nauseous from that.
I did-
Yeah.
Well, maybe that's what it is.
I could be.
Maybe you got the old Tomcat disease.
You think of that?
It's possible.
Very possible.
I think that's what we all got.
We're suffering from Tomcat syndrome.
Not to mention-
Not to mention Brangelina.
Oh, I-
I'm overwhelmed by between-
between the Duke lacrosse team
and the chicken aruba and the Brangelina and the Tomcat.
We're just drowning in the sea of American crap.
That's what's going on.
We're-
We're just drowning in that.
Oh, you can smell it.
In fact, yesterday, because last night, my throat started like a little-
a little iffy, you know?
Uh-huh.
So I went out and I got some halls meant to look just the-
the ones-
sucrose, whatever it's got in.
No, sans sugar?
Right.
I got-
Of course, the first ingredient in those is like sorbicol or maltato.
One of those.
That's what I got over here.
A sort of-
Taka laborers.
Oh, man.
Talk about a cleansing.
What do we-
What do we expect?
Because you eat those like candy, you know?
There's no sugar in them, right?
And you just-
Just one after another after another.
And all of a sudden, man, you get to a certain point and that's it.
Just-
It's just like death, I guess, you know, when your body lets loose.
Yeah, what did that sound like?
You got it.
Oh, that.
That's it.
No, I don't-
I don't-
I don't-
I don't think I-
One good one is there's an ointment of it.
One-
13, if-
How you spell that?
At 560 W.
We got bokehamp or coming along at 2 o'clock.
Bokehamp or-
That's his first antislice name.
And then we got mad dog at 4.
Curtis, just very briefly.
We don't want to overdo it with him.
In fact, if we had our druthers, we'd probably have guilty on our antislice.
We don't like Curtis, we like guilty a lot.
For years, I've been telling you about a great way to shop for a mattress and that's to make
that one easy call.
One 800 mattress.
They deliver within eight to our window.
They have an eligible bedding consultant to talk to you and lots more.
Here's another good reason to call them.
The radio station yesterday got a press release from the New England branch of the
Better Business Bureau, the BBB.
And that's where the headquarters are located.
The Better Business Bureau gave out their annual torch of excellence awards and dial a mattress
for the third consecutive year, one at again.
The torch of excellence award.
It was absolutely...
FAMING!
And they went it on the basis of honesty and integrity and ethics in all the markets they serve
from Maine all the way to Miami.
So while you probably know there are a lot of places you can buy a mattress, bedding, storage,
department stores, rest assured that when you buy them the smart way of this one easy way with that one easy call.
What do you say?
Call one 800 mattress and be speaking with a company you can really trust.
And they got all the top names in the business at unbeatable prices too.
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Coral, TepproPetic, Sterns and Banana Sponsor 2.
Check out mattress.com for all the styles and sizes and do what the smart folks including yours
truly have done for years make that one easy call for the number one choice in bedding
and the universe dial a mattress.
1-800-MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational Savings.
This is New Rogers!
What's 5-5-This is 5-60-Q-A-X.
Oh, a lunch though, you're so big.
Now that's not a baby, that's a token to convey.
I heard the truckers on the� there knew what they had to say.
I've got a trailer for the best of things.
A rack.
Hold across a marder just to the end.
Now one smart one's champion with cross feet.
Dark boys and both of us would read around their dreams.
I've got a trailer for the next series.
The magic till the now I've ripped the wrench.
They don't seem to mind this in the life.
They're in the bulk of now we dig in a ditch.
Just to burn a buck in our digging ditch.
This did wasn't bulk in our digging ditch.
The ones that are smart will work for Walmart.
We're about to save the digging ditch.
I've got a trailer for the next series.
Some would feel the magic in my digging ditch.
They can't only be a man that's in a shed.
They're a team of teams that work without the bell.
I've got a trailer for the next series.
Hope they get them up so I can pay.
They're worth a day for less than a little way.
Or just a buck in our digging ditch.
They can learn to buck in our digging ditch.
Let's go on buck in our digging ditch.
Soon the folks will meet you.
Play their jobs.
Or maybe get them as before you die.
Or you'll be fired on D.A. at them.
Oh!
You can see the crossway there.
It's a big, big, big, big, big, big.
Look at how you take some red color.
So you can see your face, my life.
That's very good.
Tell me right now.
That's very...
I know, but the front of the song...
I know, he folded it.
He was the pivoted man.
He was a big falsetto fest.
Really?
When is that?
Oh, later.
And alternative rock band is joining with a music oriented nonprofit group
in an attempt to rally anti-war sentiments through music videos,
going to Ross Story.
I love that website, Ross Story.
It is so raw.
Very good.
Got some good stuff out there.
So you enjoy it.
Justice through music.
A national group that uses...
In fact, here's a song.
Yeah, see.
What job was you factored down there?
Quick singing and talking like...
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
A national group that uses music to catalyze youth interest in US politics
has announced the contest in which entrance arrests have submitted music videos
through a company anti-war song written by the indie rock band Op Critical.
The band hopes to stir up anti-war sentiment using music.
You better get the...
Better start cranking and hits out pretty soon, okay?
And one other one of these.
We are the world, you know, in the old quiz server when we bring the money in.
On their website, the band they've used their own protest video,
shot at Arlington National Cemetery.
The video captures the funeral of Army Specialist Kendall Frederick, a Maryland native
who was killed in a rack by roadside bomb.
Op Critical shot the video at Arlington last October.
And has since been banned for making films of the cemetery.
Op Critical spokesman Craig Julesz says they've been encouraged by the upcoming release of Neil Young's
impeached the president of the album.
Young has brought new life to the anti-war crowd.
Of course, he's Canadian, you know, that Neil Young.
Another one of Canadian trouble makers.
He's brought new life to the anti-war crowd.
Julesz says he hopes the group's contest will do the same.
Op Critical is offering 500 bucks for winners, each of six categories.
Rock alternative rock urban R&B country and other.
Music has power, Julesz.
Powerful life.
That powerful life.
Powerful life.
Powerful life.
My God, like Hurricane.
I think the good song for the world would be...
Yes, for the whole world, Julesz.
I think it would be a good question, guys.
And the war, all the dead people.
All of these...
All of these, yeah.
This song was covered up.
It was like a blanket.
Music.
Music.
Music.
I think it would be a better way to carry this.
Music.
What were you saying to carry this?
I heard that way to...
Oh, that's a tragedy.
Music has power, Julesz.
Musicians should use the power to help bring about social changes to the better world behind.
Yeah, like Bob Dylan, look what he did, man.
All that folk music.
That's right.
All that kids have blowing in the wind and don't think twice it's all right.
That's what senior Wenceset.
We hope it will create a brush fire effect to get other people involved and help other people speak out.
He added contest comes on the heels of a new, new, new young young man in which the country rock icon calls for president pushes impeachment.
Young who I supported Bush in the past says the album is about empowering people by giving them a voice.
Julesz who grew up as a military brat says there's a personal element of the campaign.
His father supports the war.
Right now there's a riff between my dad and me who's a Bush backer, Julesz.
That's it.
The main thing I see about the music is young kids listening to musicians where they listen to their parents.
I know when I was young I grew to my room and listen to a record.
You know which one I was?
That was the one.
Over and over and over.
Breaking news by the way on CNN we got another tape.
This one a video or an audio tape.
I guess a video tape.
About two years ago it's about to come.
And there's I'm in the Pima, Nalzer Coway there.
I haven't got him either.
We haven't got Osama.
We haven't got I'm in the Pima and whatever his name is.
We don't have a mullabolo Omar.
We don't have any of these yet.
Musab al-Abu Musab al-Zerkawi.
Video of him.
They're just flooding all over the place with this stuff.
Now just kind of like to rub their noses in it, you know.
We're still here and we're causing real tourists.
And by the way, thanks for invading Iraq.
Thanks a lot. That's what they're saying.
Oh yeah.
They said a card.
It's easy to imagine the doctors don't get sick, but of course they do.
And they suffer the same pitfalls as the rest of us when we enter the health care system.
Speaking of Morris Kib.
Don't go to the hospital.
Don't go to the outside.
I swear to our two late.
It requires almost a stroke of luck.
I guess that's a plan.
Words for a patient whether a US hospital received precisely the right treatment for his or her problem.
No more and no less.
A stroke of luck.
A landmark ran corporation study published in 2003 found that adults in the US received on average just 54.9%
I recommend to care for their conditions.
Average blood sugar was not measured regularly for 24% of diabetes patients.
More than half of all people with hypertension didn't have their blood pressure under control.
A third of asthma patients eligible to get inhaled steroids didn't get them.
Very bonds had them all.
Seeing healthcare through the eyes of the physician may help us find our way to fixes in the system.
They need to be made for everybody.
This is on the CNN.
You would think doctors have a great advantage in knowing whom to see for their particular problem.
And in one sense they do.
They can tap into the medical grapevine to find out who's got the best reputation and the most experience with a given procedure.
Tap into the grapevine.
Whenever you have a good time to pry her through the grapevine by bad Harper and or.
Yeah.
You got a good name.
They just have to hope that person isn't their colleague down the hall in case something goes wrong.
Now it's a long stunner website.
Don't go to the hospital unless you're ready.
Unless you're ready not to come out.
Just don't go there.
Because there's the odds are a very good chance.
You won't.
Now that's got to be Mark and Gay.
Yes it is.
Harvard.
Gay.
Gay.
Yeah.
Well no you're supposed to let her keep running.
I bet you want to know how I do.
Not that quick.
I'm sure I'll be only 70s these back up here.
Some of the sides of the beautiful.
You failed.
Oh I bet you want to know how I do.
About to be punished in this blue.
This is my mind is cold.
I know before.
But if you were my God you know I love you more.
It's a bit by surprise.
You're gonna be crazy if I love you more.
Don't go, don't go.
I'm not gonna be crazy.
I'm just gonna be crazy.
I'm just gonna be fine.
I'm not gonna be fine.
So let me say it again.
If you didn't watch the movie standing in the shadows of more time we don't like you too much.
Pretty, P-O to about it.
I don't think so.
No use for you.
Watch it.
Watch it.
Or else.
And watch it and like it.
Love it.
27 after 1.
The Elzark Coway video appeared on a radical Islamist website.
What a cano veil man.
What a novelty.
You know, South Florida famous for its trade shows.
There's both shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, art fairs, galore and more.
If you are a trade show exhibitor the only name you need to know is Pub-Set.
Pub-Set creates the absolute top of line attention grabbing steel clesterers from the competition trade show displays.
Call them right now at 9.5.4.
7.7.272.75.
And Pub-Set will get you set for success.
When it comes to design printing posters, vendors and especially trade show displays.
Pub-Set's been the very best for 14 years.
Call them at 9.5.4.
7.7.272.75.
Write it on your wrist.
9.5.4.77272.75 for Pub-Set.
From design to set up, Pub-Sec and add all your trade show needs.
Rest assured Pub-Set will separate you from the competition.
Don't look second rate because you only get one chance to look great.
Pub-Set's the smart way to go.
9.5.4.77272.75.
Or online is Pub-SetSF.com.
For top notch design, trade show graphics and displays, Pub-Set's the way to do it.
Look for my fantastic picture under building.
You'll puke your gusset.
Right-log Vixie Highway just knows the commercial.
Call Pub-Set today 9.5.4.772.75.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.16.Q.A.L.
Angerate is funny.
That's your movie.
I'm gonna say goodbye to Barbara and the room.
And all the stories of my side don't brand new food.
She's going to the gym and today's showing true.
She's gonna let something becasue Mara's dead is leaving the view.
Call all Mal and then.
And Paris is a new pal.
You'll find it.
Get a quick shield.
Hey, stop the way.
Mara's going to be crazy.
No more lame off-collar jokes.
Enjoy the car.
Mara's dead will be looking at Matt and I star.
Tell me I'm gonna see it from the beginning.
But there will be any more briefing.
Park passes to one in three.
Five I A B B C.
No one working for me.
I am salary.
You're a healthy wrist lady.
It's on M B C.
We play famous green ring.
Every call Jenny yet?
27.2 at 5.60.
You see the newest spot with that.
When you told me she was a scientist and answered so many questions.
You're fair.
Speaking of Neil Young, he revealed he recorded the new album title living with war.
Hopefully the chart record would be released as soon as possible.
Now we have a pre-record.
The fans will be able to buy the album as soon as next week.
You're going to rush out and get it?
No, I'm waiting to steal it.
Is Neil Young?
Living with war will go on sale as a digital download starting next Tuesday.
May the second.
The record can also be heard streaming.
Young's official website is getting this Friday April 28th.
The pre-spoke's been built Bentley told Reuters the label plans to get into the retail stores as soon after that.
As soon as we can get a get a get a manufacturer.
As soon after that is what whatever that was.
Bentley added that Neil wants to sell them out there.
That's Neil.
Neil, come on.
As soon as possible it should arrive in stores between May 5 and 15.
The mission has already been made about the track.
Let's see him peets to President.
While other new songs are living with war include Shock and awe,
Looking for a leader, the title track,
and an alka public recording of America the Beautiful,
featuring a 100-member choir which finishes off the 10-song album.
I guess I'm going to have to go on and get it, huh?
All right.
Played on the air over and over and over.
And so you just want to puke from it.
In fact, Young is already put to leverage the six of the new songs on his site.
He's also started a blog listing news items, reviews and reactions to living with war.
Abu Ghaib, there you go.
Living with that.
We're going to get 13 hundred votes today during the show.
Josh would have to write that on his armpit.
Yeah.
You think we can?
12.33.
Like I said, 1250 during the show today.
Josh will have to write it on his cheek.
And Duff will probably want to take a peek at least.
No!
What a child.
Okay, let's take some causes last half.
I've got some more stuff here, but I don't, you know, enough is enough.
Do you have any things?
Yeah, no.
Yes, we can get a little bit too ponderous for me.
Just too much of this.
Let's ease back in.
We let's not overdo it.
Let's ease back in all these stupid-ass stories.
Okay, because, you know, I got first, I got this meningitis or whatever I got.
You know what I think it is?
What do you think it is?
I think it's IBS, but not the kind that you know anything about.
That's part of it.
Uh-huh.
Irritable body syndrome, which you would laugh and say, oh, what's that?
No, I don't know what I'm in the throes of right now.
It's part of the whole IBS, the syndrome.
Irritable bowel syndrome was only part of irritable body syndrome, where you get like non-specific,
like aches and pains and little nausea and stiff neck and sore over here.
And then it comes, it comes and goes, you know.
Yeah, a little bit of chill every now and then.
I think it's the allergies.
I think there's something in the air.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
No, I don't have that.
You got that Thunderplat Newman, I bet you do.
I have it somewhere here, but if you think I'm going to waste my time dittling around for that.
You got it?
It's not really a smash man.
Thunderplat Newman.
It's been a bush and out for the evening.
We don't got that.
What a shame.
One of the hear it's so bad.
70 QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Not there.
Line one.
Mark it right down.
Okay, put it on your other cheek.
Mark it down at line one.
Had a malfunction at the junction of the day.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Excellent.
Good, good.
You're going to take something real quick that happened this morning.
I'm driving down Tastry in Hollywood.
I'm going to 5 miles an hour over to Spieleman.
I get pulled over by Hollywood police officer.
Yeah.
And there you go.
You approach my car and he says, let me see your driver's license or an registration.
So I just look at him when I go.
I'm going to go to the police station.
I'm going to go to the police station.
I'm going to go to the police station.
I'm going to go to the police station.
I'm going to go to the police station.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yes.
See something in the headline when I told you.
Yes, sir.
I got a news bulletin for you.
You got a one.
Speak up, sir.
You can barely hear you.
Sorry about that.
Yeah, me too.
Another one of Bush's people ran for the hills.
The guy who runs the Small Business Association appointed by Bush in 2001.
Yeah.
Took the same road as McClellan.
It's gone out of there.
Yeah.
So that's it.
What do you mean that's it?
So what does that mean?
Well, I, he, uh, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I guess he left me.
Well, I wrote a lot of law.
I'm not too big on AMP.
Okay.
That, that's it.
Okay.
Scott McClellan's gone.
That's going to stop a lot of problems.
And this one's gone.
And that one's going to Andy Card is gone.
He was a real broker.
And that's going to change a lot of things.
Ain't it?
It'll be a lot of AD.
Yeah, you'll see.
Oh, yeah.
All of a sudden those, those pool numbers, you know, since Andy Card left, how those pool numbers are just skyrocketing on.
All the web to 32%.
Right.
In fact, when surprised me now that, uh, when, uh, Tony Snow comes in, it, uh, snow job to the media, it'll go up to, uh, it was zooming up to maybe like 24, 25%.
You'll see.
WDQAM.
Hello.
The Great One has received it.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
The Great One has.
Oh, look at that.
You're, you're right.
They're doing the atooper today.
They're, they, they got, they're joined at them and they got their cell phones between their, uh, each other's cheeks.
Oh, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, when we don't have the phones working, you can't get that great new, uh, fresh entertainment like Joey used to talk about.
Oh, yeah.
That's correct.
You can't get the assignment off these calls, man.
Nothing to make you have a, have a tremor in your, uh, them between your cheeks.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
QAM.
Yeah, mellow, dude.
WDQAM.
QAM.
Hello.
Wow.
These are good.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh.
WDQAM.
Hello.
WDQAM.
Okay, sir.
Listen, you know my friend is having enough with the emails and these joke emails and this moron called you this morning about this.
Let's not buy gas at mobile and exon and so on.
All this stuff is fueled by these internet rumors.
So much disinformation going through the internet.
Yeah.
And then, can I obviously really know what he was talking about, man?
He would have his thumb right in it.
I got one the other day about this fantastic oil affine underneath the Rocky Mountains.
Turns out it was a part of a solicitation by a penny stop, but they don't put that in there.
They send it out like it's news.
But there's a website.
George knows about it called snorps.com.
You can get on that website, snopes.com.
And it completely destroys all of these internet hoaxes and rumors and phony emails.
It's like, wait a minute.
Okay, well listen, when I'm really in a coma, I'll be sure and check that thing out.
Got it?
Sounds like this guy was sliding down a slippery snow.
Oh, there is a what's your name?
There is an anti-pilocy.
An excess profits instead of record prices at the pump and record profits.
She said, yeah, pump this.
The day we are renewing the call as we challenge our Republican colleagues to join us in helping
to bring down the price of gasoline before Memorial Day weekend.
Oh, yeah.
Hold your breath, Nancy.
Yeah, well, let's you know when I exhale.
20 till two at two.
Oh my god, Kim Bocampo.
It's going to be really intensive at two o'clock, man.
The heat and the NFL draft and the NFL draft and the heat.
And of course, those NHL playoff.
Oh, baby.
If you think you have termites in your home and this is the time of the year when they start really
be a tune in the go nuts.
You really ought to do the smart thing before your house is gone, before it's a mess called
RIDID PES Control today for a free termite inspection.
RIDID PES Control uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs
100% on contact.
I mean, they're gone faster than they even say, clara bell.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your house either.
You're worrying about poisonous gas, no moving out of hotel stays, no worrying about food or your pets and your health.
All they do is they treat your home with this amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property like I've been telling you for a long time now, the only thing left behind is the
clean set of oranges for just a few days.
No mess, no tense, no BS.
So it's true if you have a termite problem or think you might have one developing, save your house right now, call RIDID PES Control
and find out about their amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact.
No tending, no BS, no games, no kidding.
Call right now for a free, no obligation inspection.
1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
Be sure and tell me that Todd Dreck told you to call.
RIDID at 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-M.
Oh, Buffalo Stealth Pucks.
Oh!
They thought he was just a legend.
Oh, I'm a giant with incredible strength and power, with colossal arms, monstrous legs, and an enormous ego.
He's not just a legend, but he is a giant, a San Francisco giant, coming soon from Falco Towns.
Oh, King Bons.
Hello, is this progress part to a credit value?
Oh my god, these pieces are reporters.
No!
See, Barry Bons and the world who's born, or chemically creative, to play.
Rebound, the electric world, should they all be useful?
No!
Coming soon, maybe to a ballpark near you, King Bons.
No!
Rebound.
147-13-Q-A-M.
A big enough of Barry Bons and baseball.
Don't forget, get the Cubs in Marlon.
Any interest?
No.
Tonight, 7-30 pregame game time 805, from Ridley Field.
See if the Marlon's can blow another one like he did last night.
That was bad.
I didn't see any of it, thank god.
But they were had three nothing in the eighth inning and next thing, you know, like, uh...
Just like that, it was 6-3 Chicago and game over.
Put it in the lost column.
I'll tell you one thing that they banned Boring.
He couldn't hold Joe Angel's jog strap, you know what, George?
Huh?
Who?
Speaking of Teflon, remember I mentioned this before, I found it.
Oh my pile?
But if you keep digging in your piles long enough, you find some really good crap.
Owners of Teflon coated pots and pans in 15 states are seeking to add their cases combined
in a $5 billion class action lawsuit claiming Dupont Company failed to disclose possible health risks
from using the non-stick cookware.
And of course, T-Fal is made from Teflon.
Yeah.
I think that's why we're both ill and I think we have a joint.
We have a joint at Class Action Sue.
Let's get our piece.
The lawsuits claim Dupont continued to tell the government and consumers for years that
Teflon was safe even though its own study showed the material could become toxic when he
did enough to fry an egg according to Des Moines Attorney Kim Beyer who represents six
plaintiffs from Iowa.
How did enough to fry an egg like the sidewalks in Florida all year?
Well, it's a good thing he'd ever used Teflon to fry eggs.
U.S. magistrates Celeste Bremmer didn't signal any hearing when U.S. history judge Ronald
Longstaff will rule on the request to certify the cases as a class action.
Dupont attorney Adam Hufflick, if Chicago said Teflon's got a 40-year history of safe
use and no studies exist, that show the material could become toxic.
Not one study has shown that there's any harm to consumers who said an interview with
the A&P.
The plaintiffs won't be seeking to show that anyone's been injured as a result of using
Teflon-coded cookware.
Instead, the case will likely set around Dupont's, they could notify people of the possible
health risks of using Teflon-coded products.
As in...
I'm dying out of here.
I guess that's a good reason to quit.
Maybe I can just do my beef on my flavor wave.
Right?
Put a little tin foil on there.
Huh?
And that makes sense.
Instead of like cooking on a Teflon-coded fry pan, man.
Oh.
Although I do use olio oliva.
And I look at the picture of Eli Wallach while I'm cooking up my beef with my sauce, my
little curved sauce.
Get funny.
Olio oliva.
Oh.
Man.
If she'd had just gotten shot in the opening scene, he would eat in the canole right
at the get-go.
That movie would have been great.
And George Hamilton would have gone back to Ireland.
If the cases are certified as a class action plan, employers would be able to argue that
they represent potentially millions of consumers have owned and used Teflon-coded products
and seek damages for them all, including us.
I'm pissed off, man.
I think I'm ill.
A judicial panel in February said, US District Court in Des Moines is the place to hear the
initial stages of the cases from California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, a whole bunch
of other states.
Additional cases expected to be found to be put in one in West Virginia next week, even
West Virginia, even to coal miners, is about other issues to worry about.
5.670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
Caused you're getting so good, I think we ought to end with a whole bunch, don't you?
Like a little mini lightning round shirt, a flurry.
Get a whole bunch of money.
Deputy QAM, hello.
That was good.
Deputy QAM, hello.
That was good.
Yeah.
That pot is sure getting a lot of work.
I hope there ain't no Teflon on it.
Line 9, this will be Eddie Jr. probably.
QAM, hello.
I'm not there.
Yeah, Eddie Jr.
Get the sock off the phone and do a little bit of verbal linguistics, logistics, something.
Work on it.
I guess he didn't come by and pick up that cassette tape.
The training tape.
Yeah.
The Eddie training tape.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Deputy QAM, hello.
That was good.
5.670560, the Hollywood story was good enough.
Okay, Schmuck, but don't overdo it.
Well, they really wound up, aren't they?
Yeah, they were.
They were.
Not enough to be calling, but really whipped up.
Deputy QAM, hello.
You don't have no respect for the Lord.
A.A.
Deputy QAM, hello.
That's the pivot man again.
QAM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I wanted to thank you.
I turned my father on you.
Loose change too.
He's always a developer's publicant.
It's like he's going to be thinking about this time.
That's a pretty good video.
Okay.
Yeah, okay.
No problem.
No problem.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, you know what's made of this?
I'm going to go to the road before you're talking about guys having the foam between the thought
that I flash back at that south park with Oprah with the telephone between her legs.
Yeah, okay, great.
Well, we don't want to hear about it.
5.6.7.0.5.0.
You're going to talk calling George next time he fills in like tomorrow.
Tell him about Oprah with the phone between her legs.
You're going to make me a copy of that or not.
We're going to find it.
I got to find it.
I got to find somebody who's got a copy.
Well, find it.
Oh, yeah.
You'll want yourself.
Really?
You'll need to even better than Tom Cruise in the closet.
You know, it's right up there, especially considering your love for Oprah.
It's pretty good, man.
It's pretty funny.
Okay.
Well, give me a copy.
Or else.
All right.
We also want to talk to you about a carabell.
Make sure you go.
With the Ross Hololus Gigantic Reeds, you guys again.
W-W-W-W-Q-A-M, hello.
The end of the year, government's getting closer to our bedroom.
Do you see South Carolina?
They want to do it with the sex toys.
Yeah, we hit that on yesterday.
So we talked about it at length.
It's on our website.
I talked about it yesterday.
Here are the callers with yesterday's news, last week's news.
President Lincoln's got an aching, throbbing headache.
President Kennedy, don't get in that limo.
You know?
Oh, Hitler and that mustache.
My God.
Yeah, it's something seriously.
South Florida is like so far in the behind.
It's just the...
Yeah, exactly.
John Lennon's got a headache too.
Okay, don't the...
Oh, geez.
Should he use Yoko?
Yoko is a human shield.
Would that have been better?
Yeah, what about you?
Hey, Karen.
Have a sandwich, you two.
Come on.
I won't give you no bad gas.
I gotta admit, I shouldn't admit it.
Why not?
Well, I'm just...
I like it.
I like it.
I like how they're giving out of their music.
You know, they've been...
Go to them, actually.
He was more disheveled than she was, I thought.
Right?
Old dick.
He was kind of disturbing.
But...
Never less.
Hey, I saw that on biography several times.
Why would you watch that several times?
I don't know.
There's something just morbidly fascinating about them.
Plus, she seemed a lot much butchered in He was.
But then again, so this Ann Murray seems awfully butchered.
And he's got a whole bunch of kids.
She's got a mustache.
He got a mustache and a whole bunch of kids.
I talked about that lady with a mustache.
You would buy mine.
I can't hold the air.
Oh, and then the woman from that New Orleans lady, remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe that's a new thing with dark folks, okay?
Growing a mustache.
153 at 560s of WQA.
Being outdoors a lot in the South Florida means you need some comfortable shoes because
you're going to be waddling and bouncing all over the place.
The only place you ought to take your feet is brandy shoes and pomatobeats because brandy's
is the best.
They carry major brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mifisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies, New Balance,
all they have a big name brands and all sizes for men and women.
They even carry wide woods and hard to find sizes for you.
Freaks out there with your freaky feet.
Brandy's is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida and when you see
this selection of value and the great personal service you get at brandy's, you understand
that I've been raving about them as the very best free years.
Go see our friend Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right fitting shoes at the right price every time.
And I like the department stores where whatever style you pick out when you finally get
the weight done, well they haven't got it in your size.
You can be damn sure.
You can bet, you can bet Clarebell's life on it.
That whatever you're looking for, they got it in your size on a shelf ready to slap
on your fat-feated brandy's.
The only thing they do with shoes is they don't worry about size, selection, service and
of course ever about price.
Brandy's shoes, they were 1290 North Federal Highway and pomatobeats between their landing
and copets on the East Side.
You can't miss it.
Open every day of the week Monday through Saturday to Line, every Sunday to five.
In this week it's an extra great time to buy Rockport's at Brandy's.
They've 10 to 20 bucks a pair of all-grade men's styles.
So be sure to get your rest into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shop and online
at Brandy's Shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 P.A.M.
I am the town.
Oh, I'm 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
I am 5.60 W.U.A.
This Saturday, QM's NFL Draft Party with Jim Manitch at the Hooters and Pembroke Pines,
Mad Dog, Joseph Gackie proving nothing is perfect and a big O for all your draft day coverage,
join them at Hooters and Pembroke Pines, QM's NFL Draft Party.
This Saturday, starting its name, for sudden buy, Hineken.
How the hell are you?
Hineken.
Hineken.
Bye bye bye!
