Actually, Neil's time better late than ever. How are you?
I was just reading about the exercise in your 60s and it's said one of the best things to do is to walk to work every day. So there's no way I want to work. I did. I walked to work. I walked in my bedroom to your
background. Okay. Yeah.
Be a little bit of a trip for me. I'd never make it.
Oh, you make it. It might be a weak late, but you make it.
Yeah. Got some good news from right now until noon. In fact, I tell you where you can go right now.
You have plenty of time. You could probably walk here. I don't know where there's a Starbucks in the
station, but it's going to be one. I think up the street. Well, that's not going to be in time this morning at more than
75 hundred Starbucks around the country between now and noon in a promotion of the national coffee break.
The Starbucks is offering customers a complimentary cup for firstly-brewed coffee.
They're expected for than a half a million 12 ounce cups.
And for customers who can't make it to the restaurant, Starbucks employees will take coffee to them using mobile sampling
venti vans and insulated coffee backpacks. Is that venti or yinta? Yinti?
I think my job was to make the coffee. I don't care who you are. You're ferried.
The promotion comes a week after McDonald's ruled out its new high end coffee. So I guess this is the counter-migdonalds.
Did he talk about, I guess, I don't know if I mentioned it on the year, but they had the taste testing on CNN coffee last week.
No. And Burger King won. Almost everybody on the panel and the people they had interviewed. They were like a blind taste test.
They had McDonald's. They didn't have Starbucks. They had McDonald's, Dunkin' Donuts, and Burger King. And Burger King won.
We want to enter how he's.
Okay. Because the price is right. And then you'll bid on hold, riceberry, jackass.
Yeah. We'll do it.
We mentioned that earlier. Hold it, Barry.
It's like I've been telling you guys that San Antonio doesn't measure up. Not big enough.
Yeah, same with Barry. That's what I heard. That's what mommy said.
And then of course we got that panther situation with that $5 walk-up thing. I'm still and I'm not real happy about that.
And I bet you there are a lot of other people really myth because with me it makes no difference.
If I was going to go if I were there I would get my parking passes anyway.
How about the state and what they want to do the power mutuals on slots?
What is that?
No ATMs. Owners would not be allowed to give freebies to entice gamblers.
Right. Poker tables. They have to take out the poker.
You can't bring more than $10. But other net it's going to be great.
Yeah.
You have to take out the poker tables.
What a joke. Just one more good reason to stay away from Florida boys and girls.
It's a joke.
Everything that anybody tries to do, they like deep-six it, they can get off the ground.
Should have a countdown. How many days it is so his governor is gone.
Why, you think the replacement is going to be any better?
It can't be any worse.
I mean if we get that Charlie Christ, you're a little brother.
He's not going to get in. He's going to have some personal issues that are going to come to the forefront before I had election.
He hasn't got a Chinese chance in the North Pole.
I think you're wind up with the nomination.
Whenever you've got something off we got a governor named Christ.
I think it'd be perfect for Florida where things are going.
I know Charlie.
Do you?
Yep.
Well I'm happy for you. You know everybody.
You used to work in baseball.
Charlie Christ?
Charlie Christ.
Yes.
They did a little in the locker room today.
No.
No.
I'm sure I know why.
He worked in the well.
He was in the attorney and he worked for the minor league office.
Was in San Pia.
I mean minor league is perfect for him.
I think that's exactly it.
Yeah, this fat ass governor who remains wildly popular because he's done so many wonderful things.
I just don't get it.
But I've given up trying.
It's like certain things in that place.
I've just given up trying.
The sun is shining here.
It's a beautiful sunny day.
It's the plus territory and the temperature and what's not to like.
Two o'clock I'll be racing out that door.
And then of course tomorrow we got Marlon's baseball.
Oh God, I love those Marlon's at 1250 and O.S.
And we did take a little bit of a preview of the pool this morning.
Which South Florida protein are you season ticket order of?
90% none.
Dolphins 29, almost 5%.
More than one nine.
The heat nine Marlon seven panties seven.
Not too many.
Not too many of my crowd.
Now if you took that pool it would be a lot higher because you got the sports nerds.
Yeah.
But not my crowd.
And of course the Dolphins 29 is only because of the fact that well first of all because that's the only game in town really a number two that holds like 75,000 people a game.
So they're going to be more.
So you and they actually have large number of season ticket orders.
Yeah.
Wouldn't you really like to know what the honest numbers are of season ticket orders for like the Marlins and the panties?
The Marlins is probably around 4,000 now I would guess.
Get out of here.
No way.
They will. There's a reason less than that.
I'll tell you why.
Yeah.
They wouldn't let the people out from last year.
Remember if they wanted to buy postseason tickets.
Yeah.
They had to renew season tickets for this year.
And they're not letting them out of that deal.
I'll be damned.
I just had to send off three grand of the panthers for season tickets.
Which of course I'll get reimbursed for our clearance very soon.
That's everything.
I just sent 19 grand for heat season tickets.
19 grand.
Yep.
What the hell you said they're next to Shaq on events.
What is that 19 grand?
That's what they cost.
Wow.
$230 a seat for game.
Oh my god.
Are you out of your mind?
Of course you can reimbursed for that.
I hope.
I put it on my corporate.
You don't get reimbursed for that.
What kind of a deal you got anyway?
First ticket.
Rather.
In fact I should stick that in or heat tickets.
Although we don't have any.
Oh yeah.
Good luck.
We have the.
No that's part of my deal.
Often tickets which we don't have the team anymore but they'll be reimbursed.
And then Marlins and the panthers.
All right season tickets for the dolphins.
I have four seasons tickets for them.
And I have.
I have.
You're kind of cash.
You know when you're winning thousands and thousands plunging your guts out.
When you're running at the scam with the cards.
The hoops cards you know.
By the way meet Hank out in the parking lot.
He'll send you a few of my hoops cards.
Oh yeah.
And I have.
I used to have two Marlins season tickets.
I had a half a package.
Yeah.
Clarence asked me this morning if I have a card for the college hoops.
It says I don't believe in gambling.
Against my religion.
So you'll be at the slots.
That's not gambling.
No.
Now that's a sure thing.
Yeah.
Sure lost.
So they're not going to let you have an ATM there.
You know, first of all let me say this to you.
They already have ATM's and all the permute rules.
Well they're not going to have them around the well.
But they'll still be in the on the end of the they can't make them take those out.
Then that's just ridiculous.
There's no way.
You know what's a golf stream.
There are no ATM machines on the third floor.
None.
Yeah.
And what does that mean?
And I think there's only two in a whole place.
Well that's good.
That means the old caucus probably can't walk far enough to get to them.
Yeah.
That means the living and breathing people can get there.
And those are the ones that need the money back.
The old AKs that are standing there hunched over the window.
I'll have the two over the four five six.
I'll wait a minute.
I don't think so.
It is all post-doc.
I'll have no way.
Give me a quenella.
We don't have quenella.
Well give me a perfect exacta.
I have never seen a place like that in my life.
It's like God's waiting room.
Golf stream.
No more.
Death plus 10.
What do you mean no more?
They've priced them out.
But what is it?
So who they got left?
They don't have a lot of those.
They have a, I would say, a consortium of typical South Florida residents who are not elderly.
Yeah.
So that was usual.
Is that what you're trying to say?
The usual mix.
Riffor app.
From the upper crust like you to the lower crust like Leicester Green shirt.
Yeah.
But you know what?
That's why the track is so wonderful no matter where you go.
You can go to Clubhouse.
There's people dressed up in suits and fancy dresses and, you know, they, they, they, they, just the higher crust of society.
And then of course you go down by the rail and you see the people kicking.
Like I remember Devo used to do that.
Kick and tickets over looking for somebody who thrown away a winning ticket.
He was a stupor?
Yeah.
He was a stupor.
They'll come no more stupor than him.
That's what I heard.
Find a way, Devo.
We don't want you.
Throw bells unimpressed with your corn ball of humor.
Well listen, have a great day.
What is it?
It's, well, you got the college hoops to keep you going for a while.
Yep.
And you haven't got any tomorrow to lose my ass.
Don't lose too much.
No, I'm not going to lose any.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm on a streak now.
Yeah, me too.
I know where the good machines are now.
I'm on, I think I finally am catching on to some things.
I don't want to like get too carried away.
Not saying there's a science to it, but I think if you, if you are observant,
and actually in this particular case, if you go more as opposed to less,
I think you've had a better chance if you're observant in your pay attention.
Well, have a good day, whatever you're doing.
If you know where the good machines are.
Okay.
All right.
Ask the money on it.
Thank you.
But he's going on on this place.
It's not a bit.
We're going to see where it is.
Oh, by parts world.
He had brought them to United Arab Emirates.
In the Middle East.
Seriously.
Hey, no money.
We're good at recognizing terrorism.
Oh, shadow abdu.
Hi, Mohan.
Hey, I need to check your cargo container.
Very carefully.
I hear something thinking.
What have you got in there?
My friend.
And how are you?
Excellent.
Come ashore.
Thank you.
Goodbye, sports world.
When it comes to safe port operations, we're out as you need.
Coming soon, Mexican drug lords will take over border security.
And Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind.
All right.
Sounds like a plan to me.
It's 11 past 10 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy Wednesday too.
What do we got today?
We got Gully at the Yentah Center.
Gonna cost you $100 to walk up there and say hi to Gully.
Would you pay $100?
Mark Reed will be on with him at $330.
The voice of the Heedon speaks to his teeth.
That'll be 2 to 4 with Gully.
Mad Dog also at the Yentah Center from 4 to 630.
What's that all about?
Because we got the hockey game tonight.
We got the punches and the flyers.
I thought that was Friday.
No, it's actually tonight.
Somebody lied to me.
Anyway, that's tonight.
And so I guess Mad Dog's gonna be there talking hockey.
That should be pretty interesting.
And then we got the college hoops.
Oh, that's on KAT though.
See, this is gonna take about a half an hour just to give this schedule.
930 till the game is over.
It's the Keynes and Oklahoma State, the NIT chairman.
But it's carried on 1360 KAT because we got the Panthers.
And the Curtis follows the All of those things.
1010-560.
The Spina hoop system, you log on to qm.com, wqm.com.
And make your picks for Bell South hoop system.
The picks are made round by round.
So start making your first round selections right now.
The user with the most points at the end of the tournament
wins the grand prize of a thousand bucks.
What does that mean?
The user shouldn't say like the plunger.
Okay.
The degenerate.
That's right.
The gambler.
I mean, the user with the most points, what kind of the user?
Let's get feelin' the use all the time.
By the way, Miguel, we're sickin' to how to get new is so get lost.
1013-a-q-a-m with Lesbian.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be all the time.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
The user should be fine with you.
Starbucks is probably a caffeine.
If that's the case, how can I drink soda with caffeine?
I don't get that. It's different.
I see.
Starbucks has set a special promo
than a half a million 12-ounce cups today
for customers who can't make it.
Starbucks employees will be taking coffee to them
using mobile sampling venti-vans
and actually the coffee backpacks.
This on the heels of McDonald's
rolling out their new high-end coffee last week.
This is Starbucks striking back.
They're striking back.
They're striking back.
Mickey D's.
Okay, mention this with a hamper.
Of course, it's not even worth it.
Like we're quick.
The Marlins informed San Antonio
to the yesterday.
It'll be a few more weeks before the team
and Major League Baseball decided
whether to pursue more serious negotiations
about moving the team there.
San Antonio George Nelson Wolf said yesterday.
Wolf, the county's highest ranking politicians
at Major League Baseball in the Marlins,
want to analyze the stated proposal,
medium-market economic San Antonio
to be decided whether to go by.
A bunch of crap.
They're not going anywhere.
That's the sad news.
Okay, so here's the poll.
The first poll for me is today.
My sponsor is significant.
Other is we had 1452 votes.
A treasure 253.
Not nice?
No.
A treasure.
Don't have one, 250.
Boy, are you well off?
Count your blessings.
It's the flow.
It's right.
Stentational 150.
Irreplaceable, 136.
And you laughed.
You laughed just like how we were standing like.
By the way, serious stuff is down like just over four.
Not even even four and a half bucks.
It's sinking like a rock.
Hot.
My sponsor is significant.
Another is hot, 134.
A pain but greatness sack, 114.
I hate this poll, 113.
A nag.
A hundred.
A nag.
Start it, it's coming.
Anoing 84, aging badly, 68.
Oh, brother.
A slob 35.
Stinky 10 and gross 5.
Absolutely gross.
Nauseating.
And then we took a quickie poll this morning like our promised that threatened to do.
Which a lot of you didn't get in because when we took the poll about what the Marlins ordered,
we had 19 season ticket holders on that thing but here's only seven.
But this is like, this is a short snapshot.
Right?
Right.
A short shot for the pro team.
Are you a season ticket holder of 594 votes?
None.
533.
And of course, at the prices I heard the Humper talk about, 19 grand, look, seriously.
To each his own, you know, but the idea that somebody would spend $19,000 a year for heat season tickets,
for any season tickets, for some kind of a sporting event, all I can say is,
like that, you know, could you guys use that money?
Yeah, I could use a lot of it.
Well, a Humper auto like to be handed money out to all these sluppers out there,
you have a beast and a robber and you guys and co-authorized, right?
Show them.
You got that kind of money to throw around.
There was a multi-millionaires on there like, they don't need your money, Humper.
Give it after the underlings to the peons.
Peon the heat.
Anyway, none, 533.
The golfins 29, 4.8% of the Scrawd are golf and season ticket holders.
And now that they got that doubt, he's called peppers.
Man, it's going to put them right over the top, isn't it?
No.
No.
No.
More than 1, 9, heat 9, Marlon 7 Panther 7.
1.1% of the audience are Marlon season ticket holders and 1.1% Panther season ticket holders.
I put them on a button equal par, even though Josh would disagree with anything.
So he's more Marlon fans because he was with the organization.
He'd been brainwashed.
Well, I've been to many Marlon games and I've been to a few Panther games.
I can go by the attendance.
I would suggest to you that there have been many Marlon games when they were like less than 2,000 people understand these last five years.
Many, many, many game.
That's great.
Have you ever been to a Panther game when you were fewer than 2,000 seats?
Let me take a look.
I've been to a Panther game where there were 600 people.
No.
Oh, yeah.
Get out of here.
Six and during, once the game got going in the middle of the game, I'm not talking about the middle of the game.
I'm talking about the first period.
You know.
Not that's what attendance is.
Attendance is how many people actually show up sometime before the game is over.
Well, yeah, they show up late and they leave early.
Okay, that's the South Florida crowd mainly because they got tickets from free from their friends or something and they don't have much interest anyway.
Plus after they filled their fat face.
Oh, I heard about the food.
Oh, my God.
It's not bad enough.
There's so many folks, five bucks to walk up.
They don't want to let you if you don't want to pay for parking.
They've read a black menu to park in there because they want to stuck that parking money out of your wallet.
That's not bad enough.
But the food I'm hearing is so much worse than ever before and it's said like real pizza that these days they now have like these.
I even with the hell you call it.
Like crap for like seven and a half bucks or whatever it is.
It's just ridiculous.
Just an insult.
But then again, you know, there's a soccer board every minute.
That's right.
And the reason these sports franchises do these things is because they can because they can get away with it.
And they're always crying.
We're leaving.
We're losing money.
Well, too bad.
Put on a good product out there and give us some really decent food at a fair price.
And maybe somebody might show up.
What a concept, huh?
Here's today's pool.
What pool of it?
And again, we're not putting talk show hosts on there like we to cause the or a bill or Riley or Sean Hannity or a Rugglin ball.
And colder 161 what political talking head news reader or columnists do despise the most.
And we put left wingers on here, right wingers, no wingers, Alex Winger, three hundred and thirty two votes.
And colder 161 nobody can touch that bitch.
161 she's an illegal role man.
That guy and colder.
I don't think she's got a husband, a boyfriend.
I don't think she's ever even seen a.
No, right. No, that what are those and colder 165.
I hate this full 26 Bob Novak 26.
We hate him too.
Don't see him no more.
Not since plane gate.
Not since you got all bent out of shape on the air and went storming off.
Pat, you can in 24.
I don't know any 14.
Like I said, that's the hurricane crowd.
I don't know who are these people.
Yeah, I understand you went to you.
Tucker Carlson 13 James Carrville 12 Mary Madeline 10 George step on top of his nine Chris Matthews nine who's not only a host but he also got his all over the place and he's full of crap.
He's inside of John McCain's body.
We'll flip screen seven on Nazi.
So that a Brian six Tim Russell five George will four marine down three Fred Barnes to Paul Corbin to Thomas Friedman to Oi.
Jack Caferty one.
Kira Phillips one. That's my vote.
David Broder one.
Nunthor David Brooks, baby Canon or Lou Dodds.
I'm the first to be able to afford two votes.
A lot of room for a lot of hate there.
27.
That's the South Florida special.
We hit all of those people.
We hate you.
We hate George and we really hate Josh.
We don't know why we just we just do by association.
Right now just because they can.
Hey, you all know the name dry concepts.
You won't hate them.
In fact, you'll love them.
Even in South Florida, they were in my house.
I'm on day of this week and made those carpets look just like brand news.
What I'm told because they always do it.
I've been using them for over 21 years.
So before you go out and spend thousands of dollars to replace your carpeting,
cloud ride concepts.
Let them bring any carpets, even the most and hopeless looking ones back to life.
They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch and completely stay in free.
Right concepts is the only company that will ever use the only one you ought to be trusting to.
I'm sure you already know about it, but just in case you haven't been listening carefully.
Right concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning, a forced re cleaning,
deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and lots more.
Without it, that one of the best things you can do for those oriental or area rugs
is to use a quality underlayment.
And also for your magic flying carpets too.
It's essential for extending the light and beauty of those area rugs.
It provides critical cushioning and prevents skidding and hard floors.
And during this month, during the month of March,
called ride concepts and gets you 15% in savings on all underlayment padding.
Drive concepts always professional, always on time,
always a written guaranteed price upfront, no scams, no games, no ripoffs.
Carpet cleaning, water damage restoration,
petro-dirt treatments, mattress cleaning, and much more.
Call the best, trust the best, dry concepts and datebroward to the pump.
Each is, it's a toll-free call, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web.
You can check them out at dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
The further reveal,
Buffalo Stealth Talks.
Oh!
This is a theory word in theory.
Unsuspect is the, and some are the same folks even have an Irish name.
But there's one man in particular who really is quite vile.
God let his last name for your folks is not from the past.
He's the emerald Isle.
Dark alien Irish.
He don't like wearing green.
He'll only go out with a lass whose underage 15.
Dark alien Irish.
He's just a slimy punk.
And I wish I was in Smilin' when there was an end of funk.
Dark alien Irish.
In case you didn't know, that's because real Irishmen don't call each other raw.
Now that's because real Irishmen don't call each other raw.
10.33 at 5.60.
Happy St. Patty's Day.
That's coming up on Friday and it's right.
I see the British has directed five demonstrators for protesting against them stinking cartoons.
You know, enough already with the stupid cartoons.
Enough with a cramp.
Get a life and get a sense of humor and cut the cramp.
It's kind of like the Isaac Hayes theory, you know.
To say exactly same fact philosophy.
It's okay if you make fun of anybody else's religion.
But once you start satirizing or making fun of mine, then I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
Right.
Isaac Hayes give that back to the Shaft man.
Tell South Park, well he's not going to participate anymore.
Guess what?
We'll pack you a salami sandwich on the way out the studio.
Get lost.
Take a hike.
Hop on the old Shaft.
Get James Earl Jones to do that voice.
There you go.
Got a hell of a lot better voice than Isaac Hayes anyway.
Probably work cheaper too.
He's desperately busy.
Right.
Who the hell need Isaac Hayes?
Well, you know, the Scientologist, you're making fun of him.
Yeah, I mean, it's just on the face of it.
It's so insulting, it's so annoying.
It's the same thing with his cartoon thing.
As a matter of fact, I got a story in my pile here.
I'm going to like rearrange.
I'm reaching into the shuffling.
I'm shuffling it.
Of course, when you get to be married, you shuffle a lot.
Where the hell is it?
Oh yeah, here it is.
200 submit Holocaust cartoons.
See, this is funny.
Make fun of my habit and we're going to kill you.
But it's okay to have Holocaust cartoons.
Tehran, an Iranian newspaper's contest for Holocaust related cartoons,
has drawn interest.
See, it's like a peeing contest.
You know, who could be the most insensitive?
Who can get the other one most riled up?
And of course, that's what religion does best.
Iranian newspaper's contest for Holocaust related cartoons has drawn
interest from 200 people with some drawings mocking the World War II slaughter.
One entry shows Jews going into a gas pipeline.
Most contested entrance are Iranian, but six are Americans.
And a few cartoons have been submitted from as far as way as Indonesia and Brazil.
According to the Ham Shahi-uri newspaper, a few of the drawings have been posted online.
Ham Shahi began the contest last month as a test of the West readiness to print cartoons
about the Nazi killing of 6 million Jews in WDW2.
The contest comes in response to caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad,
printed in Europe.
One submission reflects the opinion of Iranian President Mahmoud, whatever his name is.
The cartoons shows a circle of nine Jewish men entering and leaving a gas chamber
that shows a counter-reading 5,999,999, and applying the Jews
have inflated the number of Holocaust victims.
Let's follow that.
Okay.
Nope.
And, because this thing will never end, it's got a life of its own.
In Champagne, Illinois, and this is what's going on in America,
fascist of baby fascist of your people, they're the green tooth crowd, they ought to be ecstatic.
They ought to be like squeezing each other's kneecaps, they're so excited.
Because fascism, which they evidently loved when Batista was running things in Cuba,
they love fascism, and they got it full flights now with a capital F as in FU.
Champagne, Illinois, an editor who chose to publish caricatures of Prophet Muhammad
at the University of Illinois student-run newspaper last month has been fired to did the paper's
published in Aus yesterday.
We can do that.
Yeah.
Why, as long as I got these, I might as well use it.
I'm straight.
Now, in fact, I use that one there with the Humper.
And, in fact, what are you going to do about it?
You failed.
There you go.
Act in H. Gorton.
I wonder if he's getting the Gorton Fisherman with suspended with pay from the Daily Align Eye
days after the February 9th publication of the cartoons, which sparked Muslim protest around the world
after they first appeared in that Danish newspaper.
At the time, Daily Align Eye publisher said the action was taken against Gorton not for publishing
the cartoons, but for failing to discuss it with others in the newsroom first.
What are they going to think on the Earth of Street?
The Align Eye Media Company boarded directors which comprised the students and faculty
voting unanimously to fire the editor after a review found that Gorton violated Daily Align
Eye policies about thoughtful discussion and preparations for the publication of inflammatory
material, according to a statement.
Gorton had said he sought out advice from the Daily Align Eye's former editor-in-chief
and others before deciding to run the cartoons.
He has said that accusations he tried to hide his decision were wrong.
On Tuesday, he called his firing a blow against free speech in college campuses.
Oh, who the hell is he thinking that we got free speech?
On college campuses or any other place in America?
If I can be fired, what will other students think we may be going to challenge the status quo said,
Gorton, who had briefly addressed the board meeting the previous night?
This is a bad precedent or is that a bad precedent?
Both.
Gorton said he intends to sue the publishers of the Daily Align Eye, citing among other complaints
on lawful dismissal.
You get their ass, baby.
I think he's acting properly.
Board member Adam Jung said he's competent to companies acted properly on the issue.
The papers opinions page editor Chuck Porchaska was also suspended for his role in the publishing
cartoons.
He declined to be reinstated the board said.
He said Yamama.
Porchaska said he and Gorton moved quickly to the public to cartoons because they were newsworthy.
We had a news story on our hands with violence erupting about imagery, but you can't show it because of a taboo.
Because of a taboo that's not a western taboo, but a Muslim taboo.
He said that's a bloated journalism he said.
He happens to be university alumni ass, screw the Align Eye.
That's what I say to hell with him.
Yamama, right?
Who now wants to go to a champagne or a lawyer anyway?
Ever been there?
Champagne or Banna.
What's that?
Champagne or Banna.
And what the hell was your president doing in Canada, they went to New York yesterday?
When I saw that in the news, I just about, oh my god, I was into my ass.
He was hugging the autistic kid that made all the bad guys.
I saw that's a basketball kid.
I saw that.
That's it.
Just another photo op.
Don't you understand?
That's right.
Capitalizing on this four autistic kid, I had the big basketball game.
That's a big hero now in Buffalo.
Everybody likes him, so I'm going to get my picture taken with him.
Where was he in Buffalo?
I think it was.
Rochester.
It was Rochester.
It was Rochester.
It was just it was.
I'll be there.
Well, that's why they had it on the Buffalo News last week.
They made a big cynicism on it.
What area you go?
First you go to Rochester and Pollutes Model hometown area.
It probably was a strong, rural hospital, P and on the spot where I was born.
And then it goes to Canada when the York where I lived for many years going to high school.
There, he probably went to Canada where Academy and did the number there too.
Probably number one, two and a three, your president.
Nobody told him though.
It's not the same high school that they changed to a different building.
Too bad.
You missed the spot.
God.
George Bush in Canada when the York, what a match.
What a perfect match.
Brother, you know why he likes it there?
I give up.
No dark folks and almost no Jews.
All goyem.
All farmers, man.
That's why he liked Canada.
I see.
I'm talking right now.
How many Jews in that time?
Only about 10,000 people are in fact.
When I left it, when I graduated high school, the population was 10,000.
Do a Google while you can't Google it because you can't spell it.
I'll Google it during the break.
Okay.
I'll bet you anything.
I'll bet you dimes to donuts.
I'll bet you a free cup of coffee at Starbucks that the population is still like more than 10,000,000.
All right.
All goyem.
All white, farmer type goyem.
Good looking ones though, man.
Oh.
I'm going back to high school.
10, 40, 20 before I'm going to tell you one thing.
People think it's a fright cliche if you had to do it over again.
Wow.
Oh, did I make it?
Did we all make a lot of mistakes and a lot of missed opportunities?
You know what I'm saying?
Oh yeah.
You know, Josh there, he's still young enough.
He's, you know, you don't have to worry about that.
But in your own case, I'm sure you're, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
A lot of, ha ha ha ha.
Sure.
A lot of great opportunities slipped right through our hands.
But that's the way it goes in life, you know.
Wow.
20 before 11 a.k.a. and bklaw.row.wqm.com.
Make your picture of Bell South's hoop hysteria.
Pists are made round by round.
That here, Perry Como.
We'll find a wheel and a good, huh?
Come on.
You can do it.
Pists are made round by round.
So start making your first round selection right now.
User with the most points at the end of the tournament wins a grand prize of a thousand bucks in cash.
The user, the plunger that he generated.
Find a wheel.
Come on.
No got it?
Yeah.
I don't hear it.
Sorry, I can't find it.
Oh.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, you always find that one.
Even when I don't want it, you're playing it.
By the way, speaking of the good things that are happening in Iraq, I was in the wrong index.
Oh, you got it?
Find a wheel.
Come on, Perry.
Take a good breath.
There it is.
Here we go.
I need to do it.
Find a wheel.
Learn this.
Of course, I can find it when you don't want it, senior.
It's not when you do it.
Oh.
And the song too.
A US-led raid on a suspected site of terror network al-Qaeda in Iraq killed 11 civilians, including five children.
A Koi-do-were racking release, but the US military, which lies like crazy, said the death hole from the strike north of Balad was only four.
Sultimentic Guadro, but they lie.
In addition to the children, the youngest of whom was six months old, the dead included four women and two men, police said.
The US military spokesman said a suspected insurgent two women and a child were killed.
Six months old.
A man suspected of being a foreign fighter facilitator, whatever that means.
Wow.
It was taken into Koi, a foreign fighter facilitator, was taken into coalition custody, and he's been questioned.
Police kept in Lath, Mohamed, told the Associated Press, the US warplanes and armor were involved in the strike, which he says flattened the house and killed 11 people inside.
An AP reporter at the scene said the roof of the house collapsed.
Three cars were destroyed and two cows were killed.
Two cows.
Don't have a cow over it.
AP, I wonder if they had mad cow.
AP photographed two men and four of them covered bodies, arriving on a hospital to create a company by the living world of Celeste, two, five, and four is 11.
The Iraqi police were telling the truth because this is AP, which I think we can trust them.
The US military, once again, elected it didn't be a non-elect, they always do.
They lie a lot.
What's up with that Pat Tillman's body?
I want his boyfriend.
I want the following footsteps and it's just when he's slipping over to Iraq.
Did you see that Josh?
I did, yes.
Is real good looking that buddy there?
High school buddy, if you say so?
Football buddy, yeah.
I got to tell you a little story.
I'm so glad this happened.
Just following it like falling into a bucket of cow manure.
Yesterday, I'm walking to lunch after the show.
There's a true story.
It's not a big deal.
Coming in the other direction was a young blonde.
I think she was maybe like early 20s.
I looked at her and I thought to myself, man, she is just unbelievably hot.
She's just beautiful.
Again, obviously I wasn't like interested in sexual labor.
I was just like, I just crossed my mind, wow, she is a knockout.
You see?
Okay.
Now, that's easy to understand, isn't it?
Okay.
So far.
And then I thought to myself immediately knowing the way my bag-ueled brain works.
I thought to myself, there is no way.
There is absolutely no way that a heterosexual guy could have been walking down the street
along the same street and seeing a really hot looking guy on the same category.
Let's say that she was about a 10 out of 50 on scale of 10 and she was great.
And there was a guy that looked equally great looking at coming the other way.
There's no way that a straight guy wouldn't, maybe not in the same terms,
but wouldn't register there but he would like block it out.
You know what I'm saying?
Only a very few select very, very self-confident guys would say,
oh yeah, I can see that.
I think I understand.
Well, I can only speak for myself of course and all the other straight guys.
We wouldn't give it a thought is what would happen.
Well, that's sad.
It's not that I mean look, I can, you know-
And there's something I don't believe that.
All right.
I don't believe it.
I'll tell you like this, okay?
I can't tell if a guy's good looking so to speak.
Listen, I can look at a guy-
I'm back to first reading it.
We're back to kindergarten with a sandwich.
Listen to me.
Why can't I have an opinion here?
I can look at a guy and be like, he's in good shape.
No, not in good shape.
But like I do a good shape.
Good shape.
Good shape.
From the neck up.
I can't tell if a guy like is it like women, you know, he attract-
Let me take the track.
You know the-
You know the-
No.
You know the beast?
Yeah.
Do we have to go back to this again?
Let's sit Tom Brady next to the beast, okay?
Which guy, look, I forget about who's in better shape.
That goes without saying anything.
Even a dead man.
Anybody can think that he's better like a guy.
The guy's in good shape doesn't mean that like six things he's-
I think he's hot, you know?
I can't-
The question isn't whether chicks think he's hot.
That has nothing to do with what I'm talking about, okay?
I'm trying to make a point to you and you're both tap dancing around like-
Like, you do it because Zasky you're so nervous.
I'm not.
Yeah, well, you're not, because you're full of crap.
Right.
You can't tell a good looking guy when you see it.
I didn't say that at all.
And the point is-
I didn't say that at all.
I was just-
He was just shockingly beautiful.
Okay.
And I thought to myself, oh my God, how can you not recognize beauty when you see it?
Okay.
And Josh there was like, oh, but a good shape.
Good shape, my ass, okay?
I doubt it.
Well, you're right.
Oh, there's Kendall Coffee again speaking to Starbucks.
Poor near waves.
I'm not having this conversation with you anymore, Josh, because you're like, you need-
You need the program, okay?
I'm sorry that-
That's how it works with me.
No, it doesn't.
No, you just got that mental block up there.
A little thing in your mind that prevents you.
I mean, to talk about you can see what their guy's in good shape.
I mean, I could look at a guy and be like, yeah, he's in good shape,
but I don't know if, you know, women are like, wow, he's-
And I'm not talking about women.
Forget about women just for this moment.
I'm not-
That's not what can't be.
I'm not talking about it for like 10 seconds.
That's not what-
Did I say-
Did I say to you that when I saw this chick coming down the street that I thought, oh,
you're almost straight guys really would think she's a knockout?
That wasn't a consequence to me.
I was just giving my own personal-
Giving myself my own personal opinion.
But I'm saying-
If you would have seen her by the way you both would have concurred, in fact,
you wouldn't have stopped to talk about it.
The part where they both try to grab her.
Uh-uh, tell her right there.
I'm gonna kind of pervert you are.
Yes.
I wouldn't have blamed you.
What's the criteria?
I mean, I can look and be like, yeah, okay, he's in good shape, but I don't know-
If you say that one more time, I'm gonna put a-
I just don't get-
I'm gonna put a bullet through your brain used to be.
I'll tell you right now.
It's deep in your eyes.
Don't tell me the thought.
Unless it's something comes up.
Like, for example, and gone with the wind, they-
They portrayed Leslie Howard as the guy.
I'm not talking about him.
Gone with the wind.
I'm talking about him.
You're daily life and daily life.
When you're shocked about him.
When you're in public.
They might as well be invisible.
If there was a-
I'm not talking about just the-
Let me-
Let me-
What does take notice?
What does-
What you do notice if they're shockingly ugly.
Then your head turned you go, oh my god, what-
I can look in the mirror and see that.
Well, that's just that if you're walking down the mall.
All the guys are invisible unless they look like some sort of a horrendous-
Elephant man and then you notice.
That's sad.
Well, that's-
That's how it goes.
Well, no, no, you're giving your own honest perspective.
That's fine.
That's fine.
I'm- I'm there with you.
I mean, I don't really-
No, you're even though you're not there with-
I've never in my life-
No, no, no, no, no.
I can't-
That's a good looking guy.
No, that's the-
It just never happened, no.
I don't know what to tell you.
Well, maybe you just haven't seen it.
Of course, you're in South Florida, you've spent too much time there.
That could be part of it.
Sometimes things will come up, though.
I'm happy about that.
I'm happy about it.
Like, you know, your ex-girlfriend leaves you for some-
I mean-
I mean, you told me-
You told me things about it.
Hey, that's a good looking guy, dude.
All the time, I understand.
Yeah.
And he isn't worried about his own.
I mean, from what I'm hearing, you know,
this guy will go out wife and two kids.
Uh-huh.
Whatever.
And we want-
We have to take a call or two, although we got the Marine down column in my hand right now.
I don't know the hear that, but yeah, let's just-
Well, wait, wait, I don't want to have to read it fast.
We got a break coming, okay, to call, dude.
How long may I-
You don't want to do her short-trip?
Right.
She don't look at it.
She's all right.
How you doing?
How you doing?
All right.
Yeah, on the subject you guys are talking about, you know, I mean,
I can-
I can look at a guy.
How am I supposed to-
Oh, you know, he's getting all kind of action.
Yeah.
You know, right?
For women, you know, that's the same thing.
Okay.
But on the other hand, I see some-
Some guys with really hot women, and I cannot figure out for-
Oh, yeah.
Well, that goes well.
So, you did the women have bad eyesight, or there's something there that doesn't make the eye.
There's no question about that.
Oh, and we all see that.
It's like, holy cow.
In either case, either the guys who have been looking with a real dog or the other way around,
she's as hot as can be, and the guy looks like the beast's ass, you know.
Sorry, right near lunchtime to do vellum.
That's a given.
Oh, there's a guy.
He's not like all uptight and doing the dance.
Oh, I got to do this dance and dancing.
Jesus, God.
So, I'm so sorry I brought it up.
I forget how the hell that even came up.
I don't know.
You saw the blanche.
All I'm trying to say, all I'm trying to say, is that so wrong?
When you see somebody who is exception, and I'm not just talking about good looking,
okay, there's a lot of good looking.
I'm talking about extraordinarily good looking people.
Maybe one out of like 10 million people might look that good.
That's how good this chick looked yesterday.
I'm not exaggerating.
Okay.
You would stop and take notice.
I'm not saying that you're going to start a, like breathing heavily and getting all emotional.
And I'm just telling you that you notice it.
You don't because you're like your human, so I can understand it.
It's probably a minute of you.
That's it.
But Josh, on the other hand, well, his story is obviously there's something deeply irish.
Face me, you're like the narrative.
That's what it is.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your blind.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Any questions?
When I'm married here at the moment.
Here are your 72 virgin.
Turn into the right moment.
Will you be ready?
You can be with Cialla, the only ED tablet that works for up to 46 hours or 72 versions,
whichever comes first.
Cialla should be taken prior to detonation.
Side effects include muscle aches and being dead.
In the event of an erection lasting more than four hours, have added again with the first virgin you deflowered,
although at that point, she'll no longer be a virgin.
I asked my molo about Cialla.
Shouldn't you?
Individual results may vary, and there's a distinct chance you'll go straight to hell for killing innocent people,
and that this whole 72 virgin thing is a sham devised to trick you into doing something indescribably evil.
Cialla, I'm ready.
Oh, I love it.
It's 11.02.05.60 WQM.
Josh is regressing, okay, so we're never going to bring this up again on the show.
Because you're regressing, you're moving, you're losing, instead of making progress, you're going backward.
No progress, okay.
We made that, man.
Yeah, I understand.
God forbid.
Oh, gee, they're going to think of whatever.
I explain it to him during the break.
Explain what?
That to gay guys, everyone is gay, and it's just a matter of you got to admit how gay you are, you're getting out.
And that is BS, and it's all like, God, you are so Cuban, man.
If you're talking about humans, how would you agree with that?
You don't understand?
Yeah.
And the gay guys aren't going to be satisfied unless you get the other guy to admit that there's some kind of gain that you can do.
I think the story of us in that chicken, that chicken, that's the three yesterday.
There's a point to be made there, okay?
There's a point.
Humorless.
I beg your pardon?
It's like, where's your humor all of a sudden?
Who, me?
Oh, it's funny, all right.
You're in panic.
You're a scream.
Come on, Josh, admit it.
All the guys that you thought were good looking, come on.
You know, actually last time I saw this guy.
No.
Yeah, sorry.
He wasn't good looking, he was a good shape.
That's right.
Or how would you know he was a little shape-lap, unless you saw him with his clothes off.
But anyway, he was fluttering.
We're in doubt, right?
Forget about it, okay?
Forget about it.
Watch better.
His empty suit or her baggage, his marine.
And she's talking about a Barack Obama and the Hillary.
She says, there's only one reason I continue to brave Washington's dreary formal press dinners, which are so calcified.
There are bad cross between his zombie movie and those little Mexican day of the dead sculptures.
I find it highly instructive that their politicians make humor speeches.
It's a speech.
It's difficult and few politicians do it well.
It took Bill Clinton almost two terms to make a funny speech.
He kept letting a pectoral and tone creep in.
Even though W would probably rather spend the night in Baghdad than go to a banquet,
Wade passed his bedtime, where his getting a lamp pulled by reporters to label to drink.
He was a master right from the start.
Lynn Cheney is a practice speaker, but a bit tone deaf on humor.
At the gridiron dinner here on Saturday, she said of her husband, he has a great sense of humor.
Just the other day I asked him, you know how many terrorists it takes to paint a wall?
And he answered right back, it depends on how hard you throw them.
People laugh, but it felt creepy the kind of humor that makes more terrorists.
Everyone was curious to hear Barack Obama, the democratic speaker.
He arrived last year as a star, then laughed into a cipher, even getting punked by John McCain last month.
In the capitalist version of Dancing with the Stars, Senator Obama won, turning in a smooth, funny performance
that lifted him from his Tyro track.
He tweaked fellow Democrats, telling the White Ty crowd, men and tails, women and gowns,
and orchestra playing as folks reminisce about the good old days, kind of like dinner at the carries.
He mocked the President's unauthorized snooping, saying he'd asked my staff to conduct all phone conversations
in the Kenyan dialect of Luo.
He advised W to despy on the weather channel and find out when the big storms are coming.
After saying he enjoyed the Olympic biathlon of shooting and skiing, he did pan turn to Dick Cheney,
probably not your sport, Mr. Vice President.
And maybe true that Americans is one Democrat told me, will never elect a guy as president
who has a name like a Middle East terrorist.
And maybe true that Democrats are racing like lemmings toward a race where as one moaned,
John McCain will dribble Hillary Clinton's head down a court like a basketball.
But the clever...
Can you just see that?
I'll see it.
But the clever, elegant performance by Mr. Obama, who's intent on keeping his head down in the Senate until he too can be a tedious insider,
underscored the Democratic vacuum.
Not only do the Democrats stand for anything as Mr. Obama semi-joked, but they have no champion in the time when people are hungry for an exciting leader
when the party should be roaring and serving against the Bushes' power-mad stumbles.
They should groom an O8 star who can run on the pledge of doing what's right, instead of only what's far right.
The Republicans won with Ronald Reagan and W. by taking guys with more likeability and sizzle and experience.
They figured they'll win in a McCain Hillary duel by running conservative beloved by the media and by many Democrats against the polarizing Northaner who can't win any red states despite pandering to conservatives.
The weekend prophetic Democrats seem to move inexorably toward candidates who turn a lot of people off.
They should find somebody captivating with intensely American success story, similar like Senator Obama, Tom Broca,
or some innovative business mover who's less crazy than Ross Perot and shaped the campaign around that leader.
Barack Obama is 44.
Three of Cain who had a reputation as a cowl playboy and lawmaker who barely knew his way around the hill was 43 when he became president.
Witsy, you already come to Donus, unless you can draw on it in desperate times, promises merely a curse.
Democrats think Senator Potential's experience doesn't match Senator Potholes.
Much of hers is a first lady who bolts up chunks of domestic policy. They also support she may be more macho than he is.
They fret that the freshman Illinois Senator will wilt against the Arizona Senators foreign policy experience and probably he would.
But Mr. McCain, a big hawk on a rack, has talked of sitting in more troops since mentor was Henry Kissinger. These are not recommendations.
W had the foreign policy dream team and it shattered our foreign policy ideals and self image.
Despite hundreds of years of combined experience, the Bushes ran through cronies and schemes that were so destructive, it'll take hundreds of years to straighten out their mistakes.
The Democrats should not dismiss a political, politically less experienced but personally more charismatic prospect as an empty vessel, maybe an empty vessel can fill the room.
Little shot at Hillary there, huh?
John McCain dribbling her head down the other like a basketball, down the basketball court.
Death wish they have.
Yes, they do. Absolutely correct.
Not to mention of course that fine gold is peered and mightfully so.
And of course, you're a hero.
Lou Dobbs last night as he's teasing the stories on CNN, one of the second or third story.
What is this man thinking of Russ Fine gold?
He lost his mind, wanting to censure the president.
See this is the way it goes on that show all the time.
He'll spend like days now ripping Bush and ass and all the incompetent and irresponsible things he's done and it's out of control.
And then all of a sudden he'll come out like, oh my gosh, how is this possible to be talking about impeachment or censure?
Like he hasn't been listening to his own script, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you're a hero, Lou Dobbs.
H and R block disguised costs of setting up IRAs going to Elliott Spitzer.
And that's my hero, Elliott Spitzer. He's going to get it. He'd be the guy.
He's going to get what?
He's going to be the next president.
Oh, good.
Always Jewish. But then again, so is Russ Fine gold.
And so is El Sharf.
Yeah, that Spitzer doesn't sound very Jew-y.
What political talking head news reader or calmness do you despise the most?
Another one who is hooting hate polls that South Florida just dies for.
463 votes.
Of course, this is our second.
This is our third poll in two days.
So like, you know, we're not going to do a thousand on this one.
By the way, how's that fundraiser coming?
Oh, we're getting the total now.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Okay.
Including online.
When we left yesterday, we had 17,270 for a band of perescue on the Emil Rogers.
3rd, man.
TV's in T-shirts.
Anyway, get back to the poll.
What political talking head news reader or calmness do you despise the most?
And quarter-to-one-fourteen.
Nobody even close to that bitch.
You want to go in close to her, is Ms. Fudge?
Join it to hip.
Pap, you can in 40.
I hate this poll 34.
5 Novak 33.
Tucker Carlson 21.
Nice bow tie.
I don't know any 20.
James Carville 17.
Nice haircut.
Murray Madeline 14.
How do you like that?
His wife is right underneath him.
A really?
Chris Matthews 13.
George Step on top of his tin.
Worldplitzkrieg 9.
Hermann Gehring Jr.
Tim Russell 7.
Hello, I'm Wolflitzkrieg.
I'm more like the Nazis from Hogan's Heroes.
Tim Russell 7.
Pace the Irishman.
Soledad O'Brien 6.
You think she's really Irish?
That's out of her name.
Marine Dowd 5.
But look at a whole bunch of Irish people.
We got Fred Barnes for.
George Will for.
Paul Krugman for.
Jack Capredy 2.
Thomas Friedman 2.
Talk about a lunatic.
Kira Phillips 1.
She's only got my vote.
Believe me, I'd like to vote a thousand times.
Bitch.
David Brooks 1.
David Broder 1.
And Luke Dobs has one.
Baby Cannon's got.
Oh!
None.
That's because they like figure that he's just like, you know,
when Pat puts on a dress that's still Pat.
As opposed to being like a separate person.
Okay.
You know, baby Cannon.
I do.
She makes Pat seem like a liberal.
W.A. Q.A. Ann.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Just the fact that George mentioned that he looked at a guy and said,
oh, he's going to shake.
It tells me that he's looking at his bottom.
That he's a baby.
Yeah.
Right.
I think that's it.
Even I never think of it.
Even I, even an old queen like me never thinks of it in those terms.
He's a good shape.
I'm a straight man and I have no problem with that.
I'm a straight man.
But I don't look at him in shape because I've been looking at him.
Now, where are your people from?
Obviously, you're a Latino guy.
Where are you from?
I'm from Miami.
I'm Cuban.
Cuban.
Why?
You're a straight guy?
Yeah.
Well, you know, let me write this down.
Or let, or let, I land in a deserted island and the some other guy with me.
Oh, right.
That was great.
That was just what are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
That's a nice edit there too because that's not what he says in the movie.
I understand.
We can't say that.
I see one the first time.
I'm in the movie too.
You just cost me $6,000.
How much?
Oh, I'm so confused.
$1,000.
Thank you.
What a cut.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Oh, there we were.
Chicken out.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm going to.
Yes, sir.
As well as you know that George is George.
That's four of it because I'm a married man.
My wife asked me, what do you think of that guy?
You think he's going to look in the dark?
What I'm saying, somebody asks you.
You can answer.
Yeah.
You know, I'm going to.
Yeah.
George is in denial.
He's in denial.
He's in denial.
He says in the world.
He's in denial.
George, if he sees another guy coming, he covers up his eyes.
You know, that's right.
He's not that thin he's nervous.
It's just that Cuban thing.
Right.
Just nervous.
He's raised to the right front.
I want to ask the next caller that agrees with you if they walk past people and say, oh,
that's a good looking guy.
No, no, no, no.
That's what you said for me.
First of all, no, that's not what I said.
You said you walk by and don't know what I said.
No, I said if they year-old back months now, that's last year's conversation.
I said if you encountered a really strikingly good looking guy and it wouldn't register that boy, that guy's probably, you know,
and even just for a second.
In other words, you just would block it out.
You wouldn't recognize it.
I don't believe you.
What do you look at him?
You cut me off and I'm talking about going with the wind.
You wouldn't look at him.
You don't take notice.
You don't take notice.
You wouldn't have there.
I probably shouldn't have looked at that chick yesterday.
I thought it was going to make me heterosexual.
I just, oh, brother, I think it did.
I was getting like a little twinge.
You're a closet header, I think you got fancy.
You're so full of crap.
I think you think about women when you're doing guys.
Yeah.
11.13 at QAM, doing what guys, huh?
Mr. Nowood or Mr. Hotshot?
You're the ones always talking.
Yeah, sure I am.
The Emerald Coast, they got a smorgasbord.
Go over there and mind your mind, you baby.
The sword is number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat Restaurant Review.
What I tell you is speaking of Asian about those Chinese that can eat in guys.
See?
Now every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest at the Emerald Coast.
They remain lobster served thermidor style.
Every night is cramp fest with laskin' snow crab legs dungeonless crab and Jonas Stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
The Emerald Coast also serves juicy succulent delicious New York steaks cook to order and hand carb prime rib.
And on the weekends for dessert leave room for the Emerald Coast famous 40 inch chocolate fountain.
You can hand it if you're on strawberry, as marshmallows, other decadent treats.
Check out their new Aldicanit sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna tataki.
Oh, put some of that under your bed with the powdered milk.
Over 20 different types of sushi rolls and lots more.
The Emerald Coast has got three convenient locations to serve you.
They're in sunrise, any else, beach and prestigious prembarance.
Reservation suggested for a real pig out a real feast that you're going to love.
Everything fresh and delicious.
It's the Emerald Coast, call 954-57238-22.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.M.
That's a good looking guy.
He's a very handsome young man. Who can't see that?
I have a good supporter.
Oh, change? No.
You're very good with a line of yellow skin, can't you?
I'm a red red card homo.
Don't care if he taps my phone.
No. No, no.
I have a good supporter.
I've got nothing to hide.
And I still say that when I'm inside to go long, but don't buy a burger.
But he will get us food to her with life's decided and culture's hands.
I have a good supporter.
I have a good supporter.
I have a good supporter.
The owner of my school is there.
I still have a good supporter.
Oh, four of my mother.
I've got red.
1119, a Q.A.M.
You explain that to me.
I know what colleges they will fund a viewer.
Jay Leno just bugs the graph on him.
And here's one of the reasons why.
He is just crap.
Jay Leno knows that comedy means sometimes having to say you're sorry.
After Leno's tonight's your area to sketch by compared vice president Dick Cheney's hunting accident,
through 2003 video tape shooting outside an L.A. courthouse, he received a letter of complaint from a viewer.
Wendy Brogan, a friend of shooting victim Gerald Tury,
wrote to Leno condemning the recent sketches offensive and asking him to do the right thing relative to this matter.
Within days, Leno responded with a phone call that greatly impressed Brogan.
The Daily News of L.A. reported on yesterday.
He said, Hello, Wendy, this is Jay Leno.
I'm calling about the letter you wrote and I want to apologize.
I would just want to let you know we make mistakes sometimes and we don't mean to hurt people.
What a whim.
Maybe he ought to get together with Isaac Hayes and go the way he has Scientologist meaning.
They can get clear together.
They can get what?
It's not unusual for Leno to make such calls and NBC spokeswoman say they are in February contacted Thomas B. Mudd of Saginaw, Michigan.
So I wonder if he's kind of Roger Mudd.
Didn't he croak? Roger Mudd, he used to do the news on CBS.
Oh, Roger Mudd, like a hundred years ago, right?
To apologize for Mistakey made and talking about Mudd's great grandfather, Dr. O'Samuel Mudd,
who said John Rose Booth's broken leg after both assassinated President Lincoln.
Curry in attorney who shooting has been fodder for several Leno jokes that he appreciated the call to broken,
but bears no ill will toward these nights, so host.
I like Leno, it doesn't bother me. Curry said I don't think it personally, so I wasn't upset with him.
He's just making fun, but I think this has a lot about him that he'd take time to apologize.
How do you like that?
Wow, boring, really boring.
Log on to wqm.com, speak in a boring and make your picks for belt south hoop system.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
You were receiving a Harper A.
Although, you were given a damn.
She devoted right wing on it, been a little bit rougher, I think.
Hold her hair a little bit.
That's exactly right.
Maybe a little spanking.
Red rubber ball act.
Red rubber ball.
Take that one on a joystick.
But I had fun one way or another.
Right.
I'm sure I know which way.
Every which way.
WDQAM.
Hello.
WDQAM.
Raspberry line.
Hello.
Hi, he was good morning.
Yes, sir.
Loyal listeners for about 15 years now.
I went ahead and I bought CD for the Internet.
Well, to you guys.
And I still haven't received it.
I just wanted to know what was going on here.
If I could donate my money.
And then just there and then just go get it.
Wherever you guys are at.
And I just wanted to know.
What, am I going to deliver it personally or house?
Well, yeah.
I ordered the first and second day that it came out.
And I called and they told me I was going out today.
And then.
Never.
Yeah, it'll get there.
Okay.
We don't we don't rip off your money.
Yeah.
Just relax.
Just put it away and relax.
Let's see.
Tom Brady.
I got it.
Where Bob Kraft and Tom Brady take trip to Israel.
Bob Kraft is the owner of the team.
Is there anything wrong with that?
Maybe Bob Kraft likes those Jews over there.
I don't know.
I know why I'm sure now that crazy about the ones I met.
Let's see.
Tom Brady takes a trip to Israel.
Here we go.
Where's the story?
Oh, geez.
This is Tom Brady.
It's a.
What was the where's the story?
You got it?
I have a story.
Let's see.
What's going on about Tom Brady?
Hey, please order Bob Kraft in quarterback.
Tom Brady.
We're on a date.
I got away from here.
I go from Channel from CBS 4 Channel 4 in Boston.
Now, let me just click on a thing.
I want to get the whole thing on here.
Why didn't you read it?
Because I didn't see it.
I don't know.
How did I ever see that?
Christ almighty.
Just like yesterday, we wouldn't.
It was on CNN.
No, it was in the Harold.
But it was like, I know we're going to have the 80 million little stories to wait out
below.
Never seen that thing about the panthers charging five bucks to walk up if you don't want to
get ripped on and parked there.
Okay.
Here you go.
I don't want to try to read off the fingers.
It's real teeny tiny prints.
So I'm printing it out right now.
Just to satisfy that guy who's a big what's his name, fan?
Danny Colt peppers.
And by the way, I thought that Gus Farrah was the second coming of Joe name with all
over again.
And that's what we thought.
And that's what we were told, Josh.
Yeah, that's what we're being told.
Oh, and this isn't printout.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, I'll read it off the thing.
Small print and I'll see how good my eyes are.
Take this owner Bob Kraft and quarterback Tom Brady on an eight-day trip in Israel.
How do you like that?
Good Jewish boy.
Kraft and his wife, Mara and Brady are part of the combined Jewish philanthropism.
So the philanthropist, Philanthropies, contingent that's making a number of stops throughout Israel.
Brady throughout the first ball to the two American football that make any sense.
Oh, exhibition games in Israel at Kraft Stadium on Thursday.
Combined Jewish philanthropies of Greater Boston, which is chaired by my regret, is in the central
planning and fundraising of our Boston Jewish community.
So what does that guy do with politics or pandering to anybody?
CBS for it for Sarah Underwood was also invited on the Israel trip.
As were sovereign bank president and CEO Joe Campanelli and somebody else, George Reed.
Got nothing to do with politics at all.
Bob Kraft's wife is the chairman of this fundraising committee.
And so there Tom Brady would do which I'm sure was invited to go along.
And right away always paddy into the jewels.
He's an author right winner.
We only wish we had him.
This is me.
He's your colleague.
How was I?
This is five sixteen seconds.
And a republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Somebody watch.
Told me why Shane Kim's doing.
I rolled me.
I ate the sharpest two in the shed.
Democrats said I was done with their fangers and their thumbs and the shape of a W on their forehead.
Now, the scams are coming and they don't stop coming.
Never should've let Dick Cheney go hunting.
It makes sense to give up supports or try to put a hairy of my eyes on the court.
I blew a red but screwed a living.
These are the things that do not help me.
You never know how it'll go.
I remember seeing Paul's is low.
Oh no.
Hey now.
I'm a lame duck sitting here with no friends.
Hey now.
I'm a lame duck waiting here for the end.
My only friend is Carl Roth.
Even he thinks this is getting old.
My second term is on hold.
So I see it here collecting my own.
I'm going to be great.
It's on the 31 to 560.
By the way, speaking of really classy guys, let's compare Tom Brady who's doing some work for charity.
Are we always hearing about the great things that the dolphins and other professional sports teams do for charity, Josh?
Maybe you are.
Oh yeah, all the time.
No, sure.
I'm serious about that.
Well, Linda Murray wants too much money.
They may cut his ass.
But anyway, I mean, this is from February 2nd.
This is from the Associated Press of last year, February 2, 2005.
I'm sure you remember the story.
Donnie Kulpepper showed off his scramming ability Wednesday in a crowded convention center ballroom.
The Minnesota Viking Squadron back presented a paralyzed high school football player.
Two diamond necklaces worth about $75,000 during an NFL award ceremony,
but then awkwardly asked for them back after the ceremony was finished.
I remember that.
Yeah, the apparent gift prompted a mother to cry, a father to think about buying the safest store,
and Kulpepper to find a way out of the mess.
I'll get him something else, Kulpepper said cheaply,
who they confused.
Oh, and speaking of shipments, it said about FedEx, I just got an email from Amazon.com.
And my sure talkies been shipped.
All right.
I hope the confusion began at the FedEx ground in air player of the year honors,
where it finalized Kulpepper, Peyton Sandi, Peyton Manning, Sean Alexander, and Curtis Martin were on stage for the announcement.
When the MC opened up the floor for questions, Jerry Townsend spoke up from his wheelchair in the front row.
Hey, Donicking, I get some of that icy set in a low voice, referring to the two sparkling necklaces hanging around Kulpepper's neck.
Kulpepper jumped up, pulled him off, and brought them over to Townsend, a senior defensive back,
at Jacksonville, a physical high school, who was paralyzed from the neck down,
and will make an attack on October.
Townsend spent the last four months in various hospitals, was released Wednesday,
just in time to go to the Super Bowl event.
After Kulpepper put the necklaces around Townsend's neck, his mother started to cry.
His father talked about needing to get a safe with the expensive jewelry.
Kulpepper, meanwhile, went back to his seat and finished the awards ceremony,
Manning won the award, Martin won the ground one.
After the ceremony was over, Kulpepper patiently answered questions,
dozens of them while keeping a close eye of his jewelry across the room.
One of the diamond lace necklaces was the number 11 Kulpepper's jersey's number,
and the other was a large pepper for Kulpepper.
Where is that kid at? I got to get my stuff back, Kulpepper said.
Kulpepper then walked over to the Townsend's ass, then to write down the redress
so he could send them something else as he took his necklaces back.
Kulpepper wasn't sure what it would be.
How do you like that, huh?
It's just cost me $6,000.
There you go. How much?
Oh no. $6,000.
And one cat.
Yeah.
And two necklaces.
So there's the difference between a guy that goes on,
and I never in my life heard somebody get knocked for doing something for charity.
Right away he's pandering to the Jews because Bob Kraft took him along to Israel.
And I guarantee they were real happy to see him over there.
I know I sure so would be.
If I open up my door and there was a knock on the door and Tom Brady was standing there,
he'd say, come on in, Tom.
He lets it down and have a couple of coffee late days.
Oh, good. It is real.
If you give me some free home intoxication.
There you go.
I hope this guy had called him with his trying to make a big stink about this thing.
You know what they were thinking?
I hope he chokes on his a stale little triangular home intoxication,
because for sure he's the kind of guy that's even most.
He reminds me of the day I got that fax about you wouldn't read the story.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
And you make it with the fax.
Right.
And then you send it to me and I read it.
I remember what it was about.
And then I get a apology.
I'm sorry.
What's up with the dogs?
I thought it was a whole lot of stuff.
I never got the fax.
I thought that was as opposed to me.
Like we're covering up the news on this show.
Okay, that's why we're so newsy.
Because we're real selective.
Okay.
Believe me, if I want to see the story about Tom Brady,
that would have caught my eye.
I might say more than that blonde chick, but that's why yesterday.
And he's still pretty or she is.
560-050560.
Town 560-light.
Like he needs to pander to people, right?
To get their admiration and their weather.
He needs to pander.
Oh, she is.
Some of you people really, and you wonder why America's in the shape that it's in?
You can hear it.
Coming across the border with echoes all the way reverberates.
Like that.
We should be asking them to revert and put on it.
Like just like that.
God, you can hear it.
WDQYM, hello.
Knock on the headline. WDQYM, hello.
0-2. WDQYM, hello.
Candy, call pepper line.
Wow.
Okay, 0-3.
Let's see if we can make it a clean sweep.
I'm sure we will, because here's the Eddie line.
QYM.
Bamboo, bamboo, bamboo.
All right.
See, I know ahead of time who's on.
Am I good or what?
If I could do as good as the track or on my machines, man.
I'd be a billionaire.
I'm going to start printing off some of them billion-dollar bills like the God in California.
We got that.
Probably won't get to it.
I'm not getting too much of my pile down here today because Josh is too busy like defending his heterosexuality.
That's 5.6705.
You don't need to defend.
Okay, you're getting more action in one week than most of these guys are getting in five years.
So what are you worried about?
This is true.
Well, so what's the problem?
There is no hair here.
Who cares what other people think that you need to divest yourself and that right off the bat?
Like, you've got to be so careful not to say that.
I said, yeah, who cares?
It's not what it's about.
What is it about?
It's exactly how he said.
He doesn't give it a thought.
Well, of course, they have a shapely ass.
Oh, God.
Right.
That's what he said.
I'm here to help you.
I'm even duff ran out.
You fared.
70, 70, 70, 70, hello.
Oh, now we're like 0 for 5.
Let's see if we can keep it going.
QAM, hello.
Six, WQIM, hello.
Seven, WQIM, hello.
I have no comment.
Eight, WQIM, hello.
Freddie.
Nine.
What were you laughing about?
We're going for a radio.
WQIM, hello.
Here, on the nail.
Oh, you're trapped us off at 9.
We're going for 10.
Yes.
Yeah.
We're talking about a couple things real quick.
In terms of judging other men and how they look,
I mean, that doesn't make you gay.
That's just a judgment.
How they look.
Of course, I was like, I seen that blonde chick yesterday
who was a knockout that made me straight
because I thought to myself, man,
but there's Georgia.
I don't think so.
It's just, whoever thinks that they have issues
with their own sexuality, that's what it is.
That's the way it is.
The care on your sexuality, you don't care about sex.
Sure.
You walk by, you walk by a man and say,
that's a good-looking guy, right?
They don't know what kind of guy they're saying.
No, I don't care.
You don't just care.
That was the question.
You walk by a woman and you said that that's a good-looking woman.
The question was, if you saw a really strikingly good person
when you recognized it and think, man, that's it.
That's a really good question.
You see a good-looking guy and you recognize that.
Yeah, I mean, if I see a good-looking guy,
I'm not going to say it out loud.
I mean, I drive by a guy or one of them.
Oh, I didn't say it out loud.
Yes, they say, holy cow, look at that blonde chick, man.
I don't say it out loud either.
All right, sure.
I thought it.
You know, the other thing is that he's a pretty movie you should check out, you know.
He's a movie.
Okay.
Marina, it's a form from Somen, Italy.
Victor Alina, he or she ride a colar, remember him, yes?
Marina.
The second one is the pure gig.
It has a gospel and wedding crafters.
And it's like a sales job.
Movie, a sales movie like the one on Grand Gary Glen Law.
Right.
And you just cross the 6000 calls.
It's about people trapped in a maze and trying to get out.
What is it called?
Cube.
C-U-B-E like a cube.
Cube.
Cube as in cube.
Cube.
And it's a cube, right?
Cube.
The last thing is, why do we treat mass murder with so fairly?
The slow but unknown to this?
Why do we get to murder that guy who's a man?
Maybe they did.
Maybe they did.
Why do we call this time?
Maybe they just poisoned his kicker or something.
And why is Adam was saying on trial, just execute the guy already.
There you go.
And by the way, how come we don't hear anything about what's his name?
Is Harry even for out his name already?
Harry Elseron.
Yes.
I think they poisoned it some time.
It's okay, thanks, Paul.
A good call.
See?
Cube and tube.
And I thought we were getting a total.
You told me about 45 minutes.
I got it right here.
Where is it?
17,935.
Well, so in other words, that includes the internet as well?
That includes the internet.
Well, that's pretty weak.
Today is Wednesday.
We're looking to try to get 10.
We've got a short show to mark as the ballgame.
Thanks.
Good, thanks, God.
But we want to get to 20 grand by the end of Friday.
I don't think that's going to happen.
Well, when we started at the beginning of the month.
We started.
We can happen.
It's as good or better as we've ever done on this station.
On this station.
On this station?
It cares about this station.
And I think that's the problem.
We've listed a sexy job.
Talk about raising money for the community and raising money for what causes.
We used to raise 60, 80, 100,000 routinely.
You know what I mean?
Sure, we had to work like crazy.
I bet there's another package down there for me.
I may go get it during the break.
Go get it.
I'll place in June when you're going.
You know, I'll place in June when I get down.
This is Neel Rogers.
This is 516.
You pay.
Oh, he wants to get that package.
What was it?
Oh, he did that for a while.
I better place in Montecchiato.
You did a few.
I thought we were talking about.
You gay.
Are you starting to get about that ass talk?
It's my favorite subject.
Man.
I thought it was Josh's favorite subject.
Guys, I'm trying to get him over on my side.
From what I heard from Clarence this morning,
you guys were evidently investigating something.
Well, this is one of the, I ordered a whole bunch of stuff.
I was hoping it's the noodles.
No, it's not.
That's probably going to get here tomorrow.
Okay.
This is low carb sauce.
Oh, to go with the noodles.
At least I think it is.
I haven't been able to get it open yet.
I just, I can't even put it on the floor.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, no.
So there's that.
So how long was I gone?
Oh, like 10 seconds.
Oh, okay.
So we'll just have to forget about that break.
Okay.
How's the pool coming?
17,935, which means we're closing at 18.
I don't know.
Because if we don't have the 20 grand by the end of the show on Friday,
I'm walking out.
Now do we, do we have tomorrow or on Friday?
Of course, tomorrow the excuse will be.
Well, there's a ball game.
We don't want to go out like, you know,
how come they can't go out between 10 and noon tomorrow?
I don't know.
I'll look into that.
By the way, because you know,
bear in mind that Miguel is doing a lot of work on something
that he didn't want to do in the first place.
Yeah.
And these commercial things aren't his idea.
But you know something.
I would like to see the radio station since they were supposedly
so going home and it was their idea in the first place
and they're so whipped up about my 30th anniversary on the air.
I would like to see them give him the opportunity for him and or
really to, you know, use utilized the van in some of the time to go out
and make this thing a success as opposed to the
way they're going to do it.
And now all of a sudden get in all these other busy work things.
Right.
So what I'm saying doesn't get commissioned or get paid by the people
that show up to these things.
It's just the vans out there anyway.
So we might as well sell them while it's going to be out there anyway.
That's the logic behind that.
Yeah.
I understand that, right?
But what?
But I'm trying to embarrassing myself.
It's a certain place as you know where we know where he's going to show up.
It's just idiotic.
It's counter-productive, as they say at the counter.
Okay.
How many votes we got on the poll?
Okay.
But we'll do the best we can.
It's all I can tell you.
566 votes on the poll.
Look, the fact of the matter is most of these people don't want to spend the 20 bucks.
That's almost a $13.30.
They don't want to see the, they don't want to t-shirt.
They don't want to be associated with me, with you.
Certainly not with Josh.
Now he's talking about guys' ass.
I mean, the hell are they?
What political talking ahead, newsreader or calmness do despise most?
Maybe that's what he meant by being in good shape.
Maybe if he has a shapely ass.
I think he's in effect.
566 and quarters got 260.
He's got almost half the votes.
He's got a pitch.
Tap you can in 54, bot no pegs.
I hate this poll 39.
Tucker Carlson 24.
Cute Votie, sweetheart.
James Carville 24.
I don't know any 23.
Mery Madeline 15.
Chris Matthews 14.
George Step on top of us.
A 13.
Wolf Blitzkrieg, the anxious 110.
The patantic one, the brouhish 110.
Tim Russell 9.
Marine Dowd 8.
Shea Monu.
Soled it out of Brian 7.
Paul Krugman 6.
See the right wingers who got their shots in here?
Fred Barnes 4.
George Will 4.
Lou Dobbs 4.
Jack Cavity 2.
Thomas Friedman 2.
I.
Kira Phillips still only my vote.
David Brooks 1.
David Rotorwin and Baby Cannon.
They have no idea who that is.
At all.
No.
Now what's this thing about Jennifer Wells that they do on CNN?
Oh Elizabeth Wells.
I'm sorry.
Jennifer Wells.
I bet you don't even remember Jennifer Wells.
Who were in actress?
Poor and old bag.
Oh I thought she was a singer.
She was an old bag.
She was a old bag in the 70s.
Jennifer Wells.
5.670560.
We're talking about guys with a great ass because Joshua
of course is all whipped up into a frenzy.
See I mean the fact is that when you look when you see I'm just
given it honest.
You guys can gild a little bit anyway you want to protect your image
whatever.
When you look at somebody obviously you have a there are different parts of your brain
and of your brain.
So whatever that are affected by in other words if I would have been a straight guy
and seen this blind chick yesterday I would have thought wow and there would have been other little
like that.
That's right.
Or it would have been a guy equally as good looking as she was it would have got like a
like that.
Right.
And she wasn't.
5.670560.
0.560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
So you really think we're doing pretty well on this fundraising thing?
Oh I mean McGill just gave me as a matter of fact to what we did in previous years here.
Yeah.
If you want that in 2001 our grand total was 97,000 and 115.
Well I wish you're not doing that now.
Then the 02 slash 03 campaign remember we did double duty that year because we didn't do one
or whatever.
Yeah.
55,000 total.
Right.
And both of those campaigns included keychains for what it's worth.
Yeah and we got 7,18,000 dollars now.
I don't know why I know what you're talking about.
I'm talking about the grand total.
I don't have an incremental thing.
That was over three months.
Yeah.
Well let me say this because we always get the big goose in the very beginning in the first day or two
like we did this year again.
Right.
So you know if we got 18,000 let's say we had 22,000, 22,000 let's be up to 25 by the end of this month.
So then it obviously falls off.
Well you're right maybe we can do 50.
But that's pretty weak.
We know we didn't the past and this is the other years more than 30th anniversary editions either man.
They were collectors items that somebody can like pedal on eBay.
WCYM Hello.
Hey Neil good morning.
Yes sir.
Hey I just wanted to give you a little update about the guy who called he said he ordered the CD over the internet.
Yeah.
I had sort of the same problem.
I was wondering when it was coming.
I said an email back to Neil God's store or whatever it was.
They said they had just run out and if they would be going out they just got the whole bunch back in.
And they would just run out of what?
What do they mean they just ran out?
We just started this thing.
How could they have run out?
But they ran out of whatever batches they had in their possession.
Exactly.
And so I mean I guess that's good news that the batches are going out fast.
Okay thanks pal.
Oh little uh can I give you a fire board?
Yes.
You like Luke God's?
No I not really know.
Tuesday.
Frowered is going to be on.
Oh like I said thanks for the bad news.
Wow.
I told you he made a big impact there for about a week and a half.
He was screaming the own about the Dubai ports and about the illegal aliens and bushes of flop and blah blah blah.
And he'll be referred back to what he always has been.
And he's going to be doing a center regular basis bringing on these these marginal so called talk host.
You saw the group of three yet on two nights ago.
Yeah.
I wouldn't wish them on Heinrich Himmler.
Okay.
Oh God.
Forget about Lou Dobbs.
It was like a once in a lifetime thing like all of a sudden you know we got a burr up his ass.
And some of that now all of a sudden he was able to pluck it out.
And I was reverting back to a usual business.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Hey Neely.
Yes.
Let me understand this.
You can't tell the guys good looking but you like staring at the Riplin muscle there.
Is that the upriser?
Josh there.
Let's hear it Josh.
He's asking you.
I mean I know you usually like the point is I'm not staring at a guy.
I think you must understand me.
He said he drinks enough ripple.
He can see a good looking guy.
Hey, what am I supposed to do with all this peanut butter without a hot color around?
That's what I want to know.
Okay.
We'll tell you where to stick it.
Okay.
Back to him.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5.
Who's the first color?
That's the important question.
Pound and what was going on yesterday?
What did we figure out with the technical defeat and feudal ease with our last couple of days?
I don't want to have that happen again anymore.
Yes we did.
What was it?
Someone in the control room happened to turn down your feet.
Somebody in the control room they just can't leave it alone been doing shows here for freaking years plus.
And who did mode a screw up this show?
Somebody in that control room?
Do we know who it was?
Because that like the bloated brains out.
No we don't.
Well let's find out.
I think it was Robert Grieper.
Yeah that's who I think it was.
Amen.
I don't think there's any doubt about it.
He wasn't even working them but I'm sure it was him.
The anti-Christ, the Jewish anti-Christ, Robert Grieper.
Self-hating.
I mean give me right now permission to pee on his humiliation before you guys today.
WDQYM, hello.
Leo.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Good.
I was just, are we on the air there?
That sounds like a question to me.
As far as we're on the air I don't know if it's this station.
I think so.
You never know.
So, yeah.
Oh yeah.
I forgot what that was.
You can do it.
Now you can do it.
Makes something up.
Yeah just makes something up out of the left field.
Who's that George in the background there?
George is in the background.
Yeah that's good.
This kill time asking Josh is over here too.
Josh is admiring his rippled muscle.
Oh you haven't gotten too much weight.
5.6705.50, pound 5.60, he's been even rising and singing to ride us along.
Well he sounded like he had the finger even a cold somewhere.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, is this Neil Arthur?
Yes.
Yes sir.
I'd like to know where I could pick up the CD and give money for the pet.
Do you have a computer?
Yes.
NeilRodgers.com, any IELR or GERS, NeilRodgers.com, it'll show you the click.
It got a big picture of the CD and the t-shirt and you click on here, go to NeilRodgers store
and you can order it right there.
Okay I just want to tell you my brother, Kelly, love you so much.
But please kill him.
I have him with mine and it's got long going thing.
I was told in time I'm going to tell you how much I love you and how much he loves you.
Okay thanks, we'd like.
I love you.
Thanks.
How you like that?
That's the guy.
Can you believe that?
The guy?
The guy that the police killed, the hardened drug girl.
Oh that guy.
That's your member?
I do.
We had that swat guy color after that happened.
Well you know with your left wing spin propaganda.
Remember that guy?
That swat team guy that was trying to rationalize the fact they killed this guy?
Yes I do.
Sorry sweetheart.
Sorry I know it doesn't accompany me.
He had a memory of me.
He had a memory of me.
Yeah.
That's America for you honey.
Boy that's pathetic.
Just pathetic.
Rooting people's lives.
Taking people's lives.
Rooting people's lives.
He had a scale.
He was a drug.
Yeah.
You got a president who was busy sacrificing human lives over there by the thousands.
Every day these horror stories.
We just had another bombing raid.
Hit the wrong house again.
Six months old kid is dead.
A bunch of other men, men, women and children had nothing to do with any of this crap.
And we can't understand what they love us.
Why they're not bringing us those flowers and candy that they were predicted to be given us.
Yeah.
We're going to see a tag in the Iraqi salute.
Get out of here already.
Where we're still alive.
As a matter of fact, let me move it up in my pile just to show you about like like Ed Rollins said the other night.
There is we don't give you good news from Iraq because there isn't any.
This is a Republican.
There isn't any good news.
Electricity output is dipped to its lowest point in three years in Iraq where the desert sun is rising toward another broiling summer.
And US engineers are winding down the rebuilding of the crippled power grid.
Oh, good timing.
Kind of like in South Florida when a season comes, you know, starts getting real busy and the DOT starts doing all highway work.
The Iraqis in fact may have to turn to neighboring Iran to help bail them out of their energy crisis.
If not this summer, then the years to come.
The over stress network is producing less than half the electricity needed to meet Iraq's exploding demand.
American experts are working hard to show up the systems weaknesses as 100 degree plus temperatures approach beginning as early as May,
driving up usage of air conditioning electric fans and refrigeration.
If the summer is unusually hot, however, all bets are off so the Lieutenant Colonel Otto Bushar, an engineer with US Army's Fourth Infantry Division.
We're living miserably set house life, swad Hassan, a mother of four, and one of millions in Baghdad who've endured three years of mostly powerless days on the US occupation.
That's powerless as in literally and figuratively.
Her family usually goes without hot water and machine washing.
She said, and often my children have to do their homework in the dim light of oil lamps.
Like I said, the Stone Age almost.
Nice going, George Bush.
And they're pissed off at Russ Finegold because he wanted to slap him on a wrist.
I'll let him myself. I got that article.
He says the Democrats are cowering and he happens to be absolutely correct.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
I am Raul Yulean, a Russ lateman and I like scrubbing my stomach really ass with soap made from Jews.
And listening to the new Rookay, I'm gonna use the hour.
The guy is...
The United Evervamerates presents infrastructure safety in the hands of the genial terrorists.
Hello, I am Shiki Yavin, and I'm a newbie of Dubai.
Friends of your mighty president's family for many years.
In view of the recent update of us buying your boards, I am here to educate you all about the future acquisition.
We educate that in.
Not brainwash, not brainwash.
Shaving boards and adding more than a few crates in a parking lot.
When we really want to purchase a new jet engine tractor, you simply stay high-waist in your land and your soul.
We have the money to purchase the easier trillion dollar deficit.
We will soon anyway.
We've been fed for two years.
Perhaps now I live with a better understanding of the UAE.
Conjunct to Google soccer boards, different other pack of your mobile phones, your commercial phones, and believe all that you hear in media with our question.
And no harm will come to you.
If you accept dollar and you are not a Jew.
But it's Google, that board should not laugh and no barrier.
It's trouble what at 5.60 WDQAM.
While mainstream media outlets have pounced on the fact that Democrats blocked an effort on one of their own essential president Bush over his more or less worth having program,
Ross Story has found that Senate Democratic offices are fuming.
The proposal to center the president was introduced on a Sunday talk show by Senator West Finegold, Democrat of Wisconsin, probably from Nina, Mn. Asha.
Here here of Nina, Mn. Asha.
Who?
They all say they believe the program more and more investigation.
Several Sunday's rebuked Finegold for proposing a censure.
They say that as move had the potential to derail Democratic efforts, the strength of the party's image on Homeland Security issues, noting that a large part of the country believes the eavesdropping program should continue.
Bush has defended the program, calling it a terrorist surveillance program, and has used AIDS to defend its legality.
You see that? All they're doing is looking at the polls and right now, just like once upon a time they all agreed with the war, too, remember that?
That's right.
You idiots, you fools, you clowns.
Strackingly, some of the criticism has come from little Senate offices.
One longtime candidate was particularly scathing.
Finegold's grandstandings screwed the pooch and played in the bill for his hands, the AIDS said, thank God Democrats tonnered this down the field.
First was going to force Democrats to vote on a resolution, had kept a big secret, and would have split the caucus on an issue that needed time to get the whole caucus to support.
Russ Finegold had only one person's interest in mind with his Sunday bombshell, and those were his own.
He practically handed a victory to a Bush White House that desperately needs a win.
Finegold, defending his censure plan on Fox News of all places, said, I'm amazed at Democrats cowering with his president's numbers so low, the administration just has to raise the spectra of war, and the Democrats run and hide.
Too many Democrats are going to do the same thing they did in 2004.
In the face of this, they'll say we better just focus on domestic issues.
Democrats shouldn't cower to the argument that whatever you do, if you collect an administration, you're helping the terrorists.
But again, that's a Democrat. It's a, you know, Julie Roman's party.
Well, I think, yeah, with the, with the, and whiny baby, jelly face, finalists, embarrassing, humiliating and degrading.
Oh, look who's in trouble again, Josh.
Who's in trouble again?
So Dwight couldn't.
Oh, yeah.
How were you getting awfully tired of his crap?
Tired of a track?
Cracked, yeah.
Tampa, your hometown, Tampa.
What are you guys?
I mean, guys have really shapely butts.
If you say so, nine, I don't think so.
Former, in fact, I, it's very rare you see like anybody like human looking in Tampa.
You ever noticed that?
Well, some part of the, I'm serious.
Like with a orange hair in the blue ellipse and a whole deal.
Blue eyebrows.
Former baseball star Dwight Gooden was arrested today on charges of violating the terms of his probation.
The 41-year-old pleaded guilty in November to speeding away from police after a DUI traffic stop in August 2004,
and was sentenced to three years' probation suspended a sentence.
Yesterday, he went to a regular meeting with a probation officer.
I wonder if what's his name was their Billy Lewis from a guiding light.
Where he admitted using cocaine according to Joe Ellen Ratcliffe,
a spokeswoman for the Department of Corrections.
He went to his regular meeting with his probation officer, admitted to the officer that he used cocaine.
She did a drug screen.
He tested positive for cocaine.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Gooden was then arrested.
Oh, and by the way, the reason I just ref so good.
Oh, is that taste good?
So that was my low carb pasta sauce that just showed up?
Uh-huh.
Six big jars.
Man, it's good stuff.
That almost no carbs.
Still waiting for them noodles, man.
Well, I see the noodles be here tomorrow.
We're good timing, though, see.
If the Ashley turned out to be edible, he could burl them up right there on the shelf.
I can be right here on the ear.
Gooden was then arrested and taken to the Hillsborough County jail, Ratcliffe City's been held without bond.
We'll be requesting that he remain in jail with no bond because he violated probation assistance state attorney Pam Bondy said there she is again.
Who would just have a story about her the other day?
Sounds familiar.
Buele Bondy.
Who?
Gooden was voted 84.
We know about this.
He did this, but he's making his first appearance in court today.
Bondy said, Buele Bondy, an old Ashley's 100 years ago.
Well, you get with it.
It's wrong with you.
Christ, if you forget, don't even remember Roger mud.
Who?
Five, six, seven.
There's, uh, they had shenanigans in the court again.
And the judge said, oh, I read it for them.
Sodom was testifying.
And they said, oh, you insurgents don't be attacking each other.
They'll attack the enemy, yadda.
And so they kicked the media after like five minutes and they let them back in.
And then they finally said the hell with it.
And we're going to be doing the late pro fifth.
That's going to go on forever.
Yeah, well, all the evil doers, it's like the OJ trial.
No good.
Except we can understand what they're saying.
What political talking head newsreader or comments you despise the most and colder, not even close.
286 over 46% of all the votes.
How many votes we got?
617, not too bad.
Pat, you can't in 61, Bob Novak 43.
I hate this poll 41 and we hate you too.
James Carville 26, Tucker Carlson 24.
I don't know any 23.
Mary Madeleine 17, Chris Matthew 17, same guy.
George Steph on top of a 13.
Wolf, let's create a Tim Rissard, love and a piece.
Shine, Hado Brian.
I mean, yeah, nine.
What kind of a name is solely that, huh?
And that's like sunny.
I thought sunny's a guy's name.
Okay.
Do you know?
She's a Cuban Irish.
The however, marine doubt eight Paul Krugman 6, Fred Barnes 5, George Will 4, Lou Dobbs
4, Jack Capredy 2, Thomas Friedman 2, Kira Phillips still has only one mind.
David Brooks won, Baby Cannon, finally got a vote.
And David Broder, total phony has got one.
David Broder, another one is make believe a liberal just like Tom Friedman.
She's what Cuban?
No one?
Irish.
Well, let me tell you something, my crud, Nick Friend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've rising singular right of the slides.
WQAM, hello.
He's done.
Put him in the same category with the other one.
In fact, well, I mean, put him.
He's already in the same category with the other one.
Dr. DeMento will be on about a half an hour, Gilbert.
Okay.
Dr. DeMento, get a life.
You're out.
That's really sad.
I hope if anybody out there sees Gilbert Solomon, you're going to break his glasses.
Run him over.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, it's a good subject you bring up.
I'm not gay.
What's the exact same?
Well, I'm not gay, first of all.
Well, we believe you.
Okay.
I see a lot of good-looking men everywhere.
What's the deal?
I don't know.
I mean, they're everywhere, everywhere I go.
They're where I turn.
There they are.
Well, I'll be following you around.
That case.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Okay.
They're all over the place.
Now, seriously, man.
On his back, you make such a big deal out of it.
I just...
I just mentioned it because it struck me in passing as I was walking past his beautiful creature
yesterday.
She was just...
Seriously, on a scale of 10, I can release an 80.
I mean, she just...
Gorgeous.
Uh-huh.
And I recognized that fact.
And I thought, wow, what a knockout.
Yeah, well, what's wrong with that?
What is wrong with that?
Nothing.
And I'm sure that if...
If another female would have walked by, I thought, man, oh, man, take a look at her.
She's really something.
I think she was very well-dressed and just, you know, had a great body like the guys at
Josh Admires.
She was in good shape.
She might not have been in good shape when you two got through it, but she looked pretty
good shape to me.
Boy, big deal.
Oh, no!
Like a whole saw today.
It's just very amusing to us.
I'll do...
I'll just silly ass heteros.
Uh-huh.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Everyone for the pole.
You should have Charles Croutham or the guy in a wheelchair.
Oh, yeah.
Charles Croutham or another Nazi.
Not to be the wheelcat.
I'm really sorry for him, yeah.
He could win for the ugliest talking head, too.
That's true.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Charles Crouthammer.
Just like it sounds.
He's from his awfully intimidating.
What?
K-R-A-U-T-H-A-H.
Crouthammer.
Sounds like...
The Nazis will hit you.
And believe you me, if you ever heard in the speech, you can understand.
Trust me.
I wonder if the hammer.
Who else who we're talking about?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello?
I got on the point.
56670560.
I was already knocking that one off before he ever started.
Well, that's because I was looking for...
Well, let me tell you something, my crout, Nick Brandt.
That was again an honor of a Charles Crouthammer.
What if he is a crout?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello?
He's sure as sour.
I'll tell you that.
Q-A-M, hello?
It's Croutham.
What's the...
W-D-Q-A-M, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The next time you see a hot chick.
You should act like a mind.
56670560.
Boy, are you people amusing and funny?
Even he thinks you're a panic and he's an idiot.
W-D-Q-A-M, last call that I can delve into my big pile.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Would you take a job for a mad blonde?
A bigger pardon?
Would you take a VJ for that blonde?
Okay, see, I waited till the second half and then we were...
I didn't hear him the first time either.
No, I knew it was him.
I just wanted to make sure we said it twice so we could like just the whole thing.
No.
Doug Thompson says, going from bad to worse.
Nearly three, and see there again.
There's the...
There's the idea.
See, then, that's the whole concept.
All you had was the great respect that you have for beautiful women.
Tragic.
I'm going to start joining those anti-pointeries.
What do you mean by that?
No, it isn't insult to me.
No chance.
Going from bad to worse by Doug Thompson.
Nearly three years ago, the United States, the USA, took the unprecedented step in
invading a country that posed no media threat to our security, launching a war based on fabricated intelligence, false assumptions and outright lies.
Today is that country plunges headlong into civil war.
Our leaders continue to fabricate claims of improvements, make false promises of progress, and lie out right about our prospects.
There are missteps across thousands of American lives, along with lives of tens of thousands of innocent civilians, and those numbers are going up every day.
It's a bloodbath.
Because of the Iraq war, America is less safe than before 9-11, more reviled throughout the world as an arrogant bully that ignores its own self-professed concern for human rights, integrity and laughing stock, among the intelligence agencies of other nations.
While the Bush administration claims progress, insurgent tax around the rise, and Iraqis in general are much worse off than they were before the US invaded three years ago.
The Brookings Institution, which tracks progress or lack of it in Iraq reports power outages playing the country, and fewer Iraqis have electricity now than before the war, like in that previous story.
Fewer have access to clean water or a sanitary sewer system.
This one was the first time I'm generally discouraged about economic trends in Iraq.
Michael O'Hanlon, a senior fellow informed policy studies at Brookings to releases of Ezeka-Lori of McClachy newspapers this week, McClachy did the ones of Botnight Ritter.
While there is some good news for the first time there is no more good news than bad news he added.
The US has spent $21 billion to supposedly rebuild Iraq and nobody is really sure where the money went or what's up spending as accomplished if anything.
Retired rear admiral David J. Nash, who headed the office to oversee Reconstructive Iraq, now admits that if there was a plan to rebuild Iraq it never got to him and his office started with a blank sheet of paper.
After nearly three years those on the ground in Iraq say that sheet of paper is still blank.
Stuart Bowen, Jr., what if he's given Joe Bowen, special and respected general for Iraq Reconstruction says the effort to rebuild Iraq is by and large, a failure.
The lethal environment of Iraq continues to pose extraordinary challenges to reconstruction contractors Bowen admits, and that lethal environment is getting worse not better.
For the last 18 months we've been in a low-grade civil war, a former AP and New York Times reporter Christopher Albritton, now blogging from Iraq.
The S-curreia bombing kicked us up to a medium grade I guess you might call it.
Both Sunnis and Shia spoke into our waiting and preparing for it and a very preparation might make for a self-fulfilling prophecy for many of Iraqis it's only a matter of time before a full blown civil war.
Some American commanders on the ground saw the trouble coming with their concerns were ignored at the Pentagon where the battle plan called for dealing with a meaningless resistance from Saddam Hussein's defunct Republican Guard while ignoring the more real threat of the Therayin the grassroots militant group that continues to fight and disrupt today.
The unexpected tenacity of the Therayin in the battles of Nasiria, Samalwan, the job found the town on the road to Baghdad was an early indication that the adversary was not merely Saddam Hussein's Vlony Republican Guard.
Right New York Times reporter Michael Gordon and retired General Bernard Trader and their new book over two they were on with the aboard Loobabs last night.
But while many officers in the field assess the Therayin is a dog at foe, General Tommy Franks and Defense Secretary Rumsfeld saw them is a little more than speed bumps on the way to Baghdad.
A Massoud office that tells Midwest intelligence agencies never understood Saddam Hussein or the Middle East and the CIA is a laughing stock among other world spy organizations.
CIA and NSA have become too dependent on high tech gizmos and analysis don't have enough feet on the ground in sensitive areas to fully understand the mindset of their enemy, she says.
They watch CNN and stare at their computer screens and think this is how to gather intelligence it is not.
Americans on the ground and Iraq aren't laughing, they're dying and will continue to die and a war based on threats that didn't exist, launched by dishonestly vis-less private agendas and managed by Pentagon-bound generals who won't listen.
Iraq is not the only country we're soft and before the invasion so is the country that invaded it.
A once-proud nation turned into an international bully a nation that can no longer call itself a home of the braver land of the free.
The U.S.A.
1215 S.R. Boyd Doug Thompson and they're going to come and take his ass away one of these days.
We're going to watch it right it's going to happen right in front of us.
When it comes to WQL, where the bag is.
The U.S.A.
Her name is Sasha, she's Sasha's toll and poor and when she's put on her things the men start to celebrate.
She does not twizzles and triple months it.
Yeah, she looks so very nice even when she is nice she landed on her chair but so does that push him.
Got no gold but she's of the silver that's better than nothing she is Sasha.
Something she's Sasha's toll.
The fan's name that our team had going.
She's she's Sasha.
She's Sasha's toll.
And we knew that she could be so frustrating she is Sasha.
Something she's Sasha's toll.
Her concern did not take much time.
She's Sasha.
She's Sasha's toll.
Music and passion and falling.
The fashion she is Sasha.
Sasha's toll.
Sasha's toll.
Funny passion, William Brider writes in the nation, no who build Brider is.
Nope.
The former editor of the Rolling Stone, okay.
And Washington Post.
And anyway, he writes say peculiar politician in the nation.
Senator Rice Fine Gold is an embarrassment to the US Senate which makes him an authentic hero of the Republic.
It was constant Senator to get something says out loud.
Out loud.
What half of the country is thinking and talks about every day.
This president broke the law and lied about it.
He trashed the Constitution and hides himself in the flag.
Fine Gold asks shouldn't the Senate say something about this at least express our disapproval?
He produces a resolution of censoring calls for debate.
Well, that tore it in the August chamber of lawmakers.
Democrats scurried away like scared rats.
And Republicans tortled at the thought.
You want to censor our warrior president, the guy who defends us every day against terrorist attacks?
Let's have a vote right now the Republican leader demanded.
Yuck, yuck.
That's not my yuck. That's his yuck.
The joke is obvious to everyone in the Washington club politics Trump's principle,
especially when it's about something as esoteric as the Constitution.
It's a non-story the club agrees, not a constitutional crisis.
The Washington Post runs an obligatory account on page 8,
quoting Mr. Renonimus Democrat strategist on the unwisdom of fine gold gesture.
The New York Times during page 24 quotes the esteemed constitutional authority Dick Cheney.
The House Republican leader who replaced the corrupt House leader who resigned,
denounced his fine gold's resolution as a political grandstanding of the very worst kind.
Elected Republican impeachment Bill Clinton for Filatio in the White House.
Go away fine gold. Let's get back to the people's business.
The real story, naturally overlooked by Senate gladiators,
is that an honest truth teller is loosened the funhouse in disturbing the clowns,
man bites dogs, senator defense constitution.
Fine gold has a reputation for such quaint deviations,
a naive who is voted against the war in Iraq and what they pay for that.
Or on principle, how naive is that?
He talks like he might run for president.
It seems tone death to the artful residences of power politics,
the cutesy gains inside his play in the press cherishes.
Hey, what is this constitution thing anyway?
The senator is peculiar in this era of the king democracy.
There was a time, believe it or not, when his half was a familiar presence in the Senate.
I think of Sam Irvin of North Carolina,
conservative Democrat, I most matters, but always a lion on the constitution.
Irvin is remembered for his heroic role in the investigation of Watergate.
Old-timers remember that before Watergate,
Senator Sam led courageous hearings on the legal spying on civilians by the army
and the FBI, Democratic scandals predating Nixon.
When liberalism was in flower, the Senate always included a good mix of such maverick voices.
They were party loyalists, but departed on principle in ways that sometimes kept the majority honest.
Voted against the president's word Vietnam and never let up.
Ernest Gruning of Alaska, Wayne Morse of Oregon, Al Gore senior of Tennessee,
Phil Hart of Michigan was a zone one man reformed party,
George McGovern of South Dakota was another.
We might ask why the Republican Party hasn't produced a similar collection of independent thinkers.
We might warn the fact that pursuing a career in the Senate no longer seems compatible with
sovereign self-directed character.
The media instead of kissing off fine gold as a dumb politician,
might do a little honest reporting on the substance of what he is saying.
For the moment, however, let us celebrate the man.
The trouble tried to shove him in a closet,
and forget his little unpleasantness ever happened.
I hope they fail and other Democrats are properly embarrassed.
Amid scandals in high places, Senator fine gold is fresh air.
The country should rise up and sing.
Says Bill Grider, how do you like that?
Let's rise up and sing.
Go Bill.
Fine, oh we'll...
That was a good thing.
Fine, sing for your supper, baby.
Look at that phone, dead as a door nail man.
You're not fooling anybody, okay?
By the answer to that last question is still no.
Would you take one from Tom Brady?
How's that?
Payback is a bit sweet, aren't?
Think about it, it makes you so much sense, doesn't it?
Well, let's see what he looks like.
Myopic, baby.
Myopic.
Lives in a narrow little universe just like most people.
They live in their own little world.
They can't understand why everybody else doesn't take the same and act the same and do the same.
They just don't get it, okay?
Some people like chocolate, chunk, whatever they're telling, some people like fish food, okay?
Whatever.
Some people like vanilla ice cream.
People with no taste, people with no taste buds.
Bud.
God.
And that reef already get lost, will you please?
Speaking of bud.
He's moving back in the house.
I vey already with that show.
Kill it.
WDQA Am Hello.
Who's no hot people on the outside?
WDQA Am Hello.
That's for damn sure.
There is no hot people on that show.
That's for sure.
QA Am Hello.
Marty.
Go on.
WDQA Am Hello.
More online.
Yes, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I believe you're speaking about the A.B. on bird flu.
Yes.
And then our buddy in Texas, President Bush, an infinite wisdom to remedy this problem.
Apparently, there's reports that he'll be bombing the Canary Islands.
Did you hear anything?
WDQA Am Hello.
QA Am Hello.
WDQA Am Hello.
WDQA Am Hello.
Don't you like the Vedantic way he said there's a report that he's going to be here?
Sure had us, fool.
WDQA Am Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's with this business about censoring the President?
Well, that will be that accomplished.
I beg your pardon?
What would it accomplish?
Well, why do you talk about censoring the President?
What does that mean?
That fine gold guy he wants to make me have a blue river.
censoring censoring?
Yeah, censoring.
How do you spell that?
What you hear with the censor?
Yeah, there's obviously a spitzer on his president.
Without understanding what the Fisar one cannot make a rational analysis about whether or not the product is...
No, he's too intelligent for America.
He'll never get it.
He speaks like an intelligent human being.
He ain't ever going to get it.
Oh, and speaking of the birds, though, I got a great story on that.
I'd start getting that peanut butter and I get my powdered milk and my tuna fish right now.
Stalk it up.
This is Neil Rodney.
Sorry, you asked what I was about to do with it.
This is 5.16 QA.
Oh, my God.
I think I'm bad movies, by the way.
Guess what I watched last night?
Not the whole thing, thank goodness.
And I don't know what I keep doing.
In fact, I watched two bad movies last night.
Really?
And I'm so glad you didn't watch Secret Window with Johnny Depp.
No, I heard nothing but bad things about it from everyone.
It's really bad.
As a matter of fact, I'll run it for you.
The whole thing is that character with a hat is his imagination.
Oh, I hate crap like that.
It's one of these movies where you watch the whole thing.
And at the end, like the last half of our he realizes his imagination is just killing these people.
And he's been setting that house on fire.
That's why these people...
That's why I won it away from fight for.
Oh, man.
So, you know, I sprawled the ending for you, but believe me, I saved you a lot of time.
As much as I liked Johnny Depp, that movie sucks.
And then...
Down.
I'm channel surfing after the least one I've ever been on a shootout.
Nice going, Darcy, you idiot.
And then there's a movie that I've seen as a villain times.
And every time I...
I don't know why.
There's some movies you just watch.
Like I like talking about that birth movie the other night.
What's your name?
Nicole Kidman.
John P.F.
Lujol, right.
And Cliff Robertson of Session.
Okay.
In the movie.
I'll think so.
I might have.
And also Wigs of the Guy from It's Alive.
What's his name?
John Lutkow.
Okay.
It's Alive.
But anyway, it's awful.
She looks an awful like that.
And you know who the hell she is.
She's...
Andy Wins, Loving Jane.
And Monstein Norwood, uh...
She's lately married to Richard.
She looks a lot like Claudine Lange.
Mm-hmm.
She's cute.
She was.
Yeah.
And well, in the movie, she was.
It's an old movie.
But anyway, the crux of the thing is that his wife...
His first wife, but dies.
And better be put in the canvas, and that he killed her, which he didn't.
And his business partner, who John Lutkow, swindles him.
And then she had a daughter.
And then the daughter, you know, John Lutkow arranges this, and Rome.
He hooks up with a daughter.
And it counters when she looks at her.
Spitting image of the mother, and he falls madly in love with her.
And it's horrible.
It's awful.
Do not watch Session with Cliff Robertson.
I won't.
Anybody get naked?
No.
Okay.
No point then.
No, Josh, you're going to like it.
There was no ass.
Male, female.
Non-descript.
No ass.
What's the point?
It was a bad end.
And this, like I said, secret window.
I got that.
Remember the first time I took it out of it?
I don't know what the hell I thought.
It was horrible.
It was just awful.
Well, you know, when there's nothing on you, still got that DVD of Mice and Men.
I got that.
I got Shindler's List.
I got Josh Enk.
Well, the safest bet is of Mice and Men.
Oh.
Nothing controversial.
But you know, you don't really think I'm going to like Shindler's List.
No.
I know you're not going to watch it.
I bet you and Shindler's List.
I bet you anything that they're eating those little triangular home and touch.
Like Dave Halberstam said, you yesterday.
I bet you anything.
Time's to donuts.
It's about a moment here.
It's about a market.
I'm not going to market here that has halava.
But I just give up trying to make you watch that.
That exciting thing.
Halava.
How much is going on and gets him now?
Hmm.
I would have thought that you have it all of that.
You know what halava tastes like?
Yeah.
I like halava.
No, it's not good.
It tastes like cardboard.
Yeah.
Well, I like cardboard.
And I have like chocolate flavored halava.
Which tastes like chocolate flavored cardboard, right?
I like chocolate.
I like chocolate.
Or as Ridingan would say, chocolate.
I'm sorry, chocolate.
Wait a year.
This.
Robert E. Webster is one of the few bird full experts confident up to answer the key question.
Oh, excuse me.
There's a pigeon on my balcony.
Will the avion flu switch from posing a terrible hazard of birds to becoming a real threat
to humans?
That's what inquiring minds want to know.
The people are running out there putting it.
And you notice nobody's running with a supermarket and cleaning out the shelves from the tuna
fish in the powdered milk.
And only as to this.
What's the point of the powdered milk?
Can you answer me that?
I was not.
Or the tuna.
What's the point of all of it?
Well, I'm in the tuna.
At least it's a canned food.
I mean, of course, putting it under your bed is stupid in the first place.
But I mean, canned foods I can understand because they're not going to be contaminated.
But what's the point of the powdered milk?
I don't know.
What's I got to do with the birds?
As to be here.
Jo, milking the chickens.
There are about even odds of this time.
Fitty Fitty for the virus to learn how to transmit human to human until ABC's world news tonight.
Robert Webster.
I wonder if he's kind of Fred Webster, Jr.
Or Benny the Whip Webster.
Webster, the Rosemary Thomas chair at St. Jude's Children Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.
Or Mark Webster.
It's credited with being the first scientist to find the link between human and flu and the bird flu.
Webster and his team of scientists are working to find a way to beat the virus if it morphs.
He's even been dubbed the flu, the flu hunter.
Right now, H5N1, a type of avion influenza virus, has confined itself to birds.
It's for the birds.
It can be transmitted from bird to human, but only by direct contact with the droppings and excretions of infected birds.
That's why I got that pigeon out by living in real quick over there.
So get out of here before you drop one, idiot.
But viruses mutate, and the big fear among the world scientists is that the bird flu virus will join the human flu virus.
Oh my God.
Change this genetic code or zip code and emerges a new and deadly flu that can spread through the air from human to human.
If the virus does mutate it, I'm not sure what you mean.
It'll be deadly to people as it is the birds, but experts such as Webster say they must prepare for the worst, when in doubt, panic.
You wonder why I'm gripping in and having a little more of that sauce.
Okay, I can drink it with a straw.
That's a good idea.
What are you having it on your finger?
There's garlic.
What is it called?
Roasted garlic.
And there's spicy tomato.
And then there's another flavor, but really good.
Almost no carbs.
I personally believe it will happen to make personal preparation said Webster, who stored three months of plough food and water into someone in case of an outbreak.
Can I ask you this question?
Why three months?
It's just a magic number.
They pulled it all over.
How long does a pandemic last?
I would imagine longer than that.
Society just can't accept the idea that 50% of the population could die.
And I think we have to face that possibility Webster said, I'm sorry if I'm making people a little frightened, but I feel it's my rule, he said.
50% of the population, well I got news for it, 100% of the population is going to die.
How do you like that?
And I'm positive about that.
Hmm.
Got nothing to do with burp, though.
Most scientists won't put it that bluntly, but many of us Webster could be right about the flu become transmissible among humans, even though they believe the 50% of the population could be a wee bit too high.
Or maybe that he's a little bit high.
Researcher Dr. Anne Moscona at the New York Wild Cornel Medical Center said that a human form may not mutate this year or next year or ever, will be foolish to ignore the dire consequences if it did.
If burp flu becomes not burp flu, but mutates in a form that can be transmitted between humans, we could then have a spread like wildfire across the globe, she said.
Like wildfire, who did that song?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you're not to look it up now.
No one knows how long or how many mutation changes it would take for the burp flu to become a director of humans, it may not do it.
There may just be too many changes, the virus may not be able to be a human virus Moscona said, but that hasn't stopped her from searching for a new type of antiviral treatment that both will prevent and slow the spread of burp flu.
Who does wildfire?
I wouldn't have gotten this in a million years.
We just talked about it, not the time.
I know, and I still...
This is one of those names of them.
He's down to the time life, it's the 70s.
Three names.
Still don't know.
Starts with an M, all three of them.
You know, I'll know.
Michael?
Right?
More?
No.
Martin?
Michael Martin Schwartz.
Murphy.
I don't think that once we have human human transmission, it's going to be possible a container to you said.
That's why nearly every viral scientist in America perhaps the world is waiting and watching the Evian flu virus to supermange just to threat the birds.
Or changes genetic code becomes a deadly threat to humans as well.
Get that tuna baby!
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69K.
Criminalized pot in Florida.
That's it?
Pushes a wheelie!
You want me to like it?
I'm not, I'm not.
Another ever, ever especially pain.
Who want you here, Tegas?
What the hell did we do?
You keep this wider we are hanging inside the fortune room.
Pushes a wheelie!
Pushes a wheelie!
If it's a Christian right, then who's the right?
Pushes a wheelie!
Pushes a wheelie!
A precious wheelie!
Here's all our families to a home to where he is.
Stuff we don't miss back it, and he was back who said,
What is a wheelie?
Pushes a wheelie!
A whole new egg you'll throw away when you wait.
What is a wheelie?
A precious wheelie!
What you know, what you know about the other birds?
A precious wheelie!
1248 and 562.
I'm happy Wednesday too.
We got Gildi at the Yentos Center today.
You're going to have to pay $100 to go up and see him.
I'll give a key for that Panther game tonight.
There is going to be a rebegin by the fans.
Not.
Like you have never seen before.
In fact, it won't be just like the one you've always seen before.
Nothing.
Hey, belly ache.
Can I send a couple of passes and they make a couple of calls?
Oh, gee.
That'll be none of that.
They don't care.
You met, son?
How easy people are?
Ah, whatever.
Oh, seriously, if I'm over there, it's a sawgrass.
It's like winding and dining.
We're having a couple of pops before the end.
I want to walk across the street and go to subsidize their crap that they're putting out there.
Now, why the hell should I have to pay them five bucks for the honor of walking out of their property?
Yeah, I think this is unprecedented.
I could be wrong.
And if anybody knows of any other sports venue anywhere in the world,
where you're charged just to walk out of the property, sports venue or any other event.
Right.
Anyone.
A concert or church, where they charge you just for the honor of walking out of the fans under their property.
Because they want you to pay that parking fee, baby.
Right.
They want to coerce you into parking there and then to cough it up the 20 bucks.
Well, they can take the 20.
First of all, but that 20 bucks I could buy like maybe about a half a hot dog in a quarter of a soda inside.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But you people will do it because you're easy, you know.
You have no backbone, like the Democratic Party.
Same thing.
I'm getting a little bit nervous, my Alexa toolbar disappeared.
I can be installed and it's still there.
They've been having issues lately.
You can go up to the top and right click.
They can come back.
Right click on what?
Like just anywhere on the bar, like a long word says file edit view bookmarks, like right click on there.
Yeah.
And maybe there's an option to check it.
It says Alexa and it's checked.
If not.
Oh, really?
All right.
Then do this.
Click on view.
Yeah.
Then toolbars.
Oh, I've already done that.
Really?
And Alexa is checked.
Huh.
You think I'm reading that?
Oh.
You think that meant much of a minor league around this stuff?
It's just vanished.
I've been using it all morning and it just disappeared.
I think it's the government, man.
I think it's bush.
It's a bush.
WQIM.
Hello.
QIM.
I'm Danielle.
Yes, sir.
I will use her.
I'm excellent.
This whole stadium that's $5 charge is so ridiculous.
I mean, I've been to a number of different ball parks and you take public transportation,
I'm saying, Billy, in San Francisco.
Does that mean when you get off the train or the subway then you have to pay $5 to get into the game?
I mean, it just doesn't make any sense.
Have you ever heard of any place anywhere where you have to play just?
I never have.
And I've gone to a game a lot of games this year at the San Golanic Center.
And actually, it's quite orderly.
I park into the sawgrass.
Sometimes I have dinner over there.
Other times I just park in the pool.
Well, I wouldn't know how many games I've been to there ever since the first day that they open the damn places.
I've never seen any of your history or any problem with like,
the zillions of people who are blocking traffic across the street.
That's just an excuse, man.
They just want to hold those people up.
Exactly right.
It isn't excuse the sunrise police to right there on Panther Parkway.
They're extremely nice.
Absolutely right.
The crowds wait and then when they pay to cross the cross,
what I did notice is that the sawgrass has actually closed off a couple of the exits from the parking lot.
And that caused the traffic to back off.
So you can't go out at every exit.
They make you go out either one or two different exits.
And the traffic is horrendous getting out of there for some time.
It's called the old bottleneck.
Yeah, same thing they do with the PPP parking, but it's in crap.
It's in tribe.
So.
Well, good luck to you, Pally.
Don't give it up.
Don't give up the five bucks.
Tell them, screw you.
Tell how old you are.
You want to find out.
And like I said yesterday, if it's like a family of four,
right?
They haven't clarified this, but it says each person who walks through that gate that they're going to put up,
everybody walks on their staggulae first by the way,
it won't see it tonight.
But just as a protest, I would just say, hey, how are them?
There's a gruria.
I'll stay on Washington TV for free.
By the way, I'm going to say something you're going to get upset because you don't like him.
And I try to be fair.
Okay.
I'm going to tell you who really sounds good these days since he got out of that town.
And that's your buddy, Rimmer.
He's doing the flammest games, you know?
Oh, I've never had an opinion about the job he does.
Well, because you don't know him.
Well, first of all, then he's a pod band.
I never let him say anything anyway,
and they get off into all these other tangents to not do the game because the least is an idiot.
He can be a greatest and the greatest announcer in the history of hockey and rock cast.
No, I know, he's not the greatest, but actually he's got a really good job there,
real and a Columbus.
Even if he is, he's still in the Jeep's play.
Yeah, that's true.
All of those things are true, but he is doing that.
He sounds as if he's in the time better, and he's got an exciting team.
And the difference is incredible.
Adam, I remember staying the hell away from me.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I just got finished reading that article.
Yeah, but you did.
Who read it to you?
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Long time.
Okay, third time.
Yes, sir.
Hey, though.
I'm doing.
I have a quick question for George.
I downloaded Fire Fox on my thing.
On my computer.
Uh-huh.
But I can, um, I got a virus called Trojan Horse, and I can't get rid of it.
You know, me out there.
It's kind of the dude with Fire Fox.
Purge your computer.
Have somebody reformat the entire damn thing.
Purge.
Purge.
And reinstall.
When it does.
Purge.
And I never use Explorer again.
So that you don't get that again.
Although the Alexa does work with my Explorer, you don't think that might have something to do with this, do you?
No.
Well, let me put on Fire Fox.
Because at least then I wouldn't have to worry about where's my Alexa, right?
Because it doesn't work with that.
Oh, there's Fire Fox.
See, on my new computer, I don't have any problem with any of these things.
In addition to which, every morning, just for the hell of it, just through routinely, I run that spybot.
Okay.
And it cleans everything out.
I also tried to clear out Alexa.
Now, maybe I did that by mistake.
I don't think possible.
Although, you know, I couldn't get rid of the Alexa toolbar even after I uninstalled it and everything.
Really?
I still couldn't get rid of it every time I opened up the experience.
Well, maybe you've got mine.
Maybe.
Did you close your Explorer and then reopen it?
Yes, I even re-booted the whole computer.
Wow.
I can't get it to not come up.
I know.
So you send mine back, please.
Okay, here it comes.
Somebody QA and H.
Jopabah!
By the way, that's Joseph Gackie, that promo, you know, for the Abol game.
No, I don't know.
No, we just played it.
I'm really good at tuning in.
That is so...
Now, Josh knows what I'm talking about.
It is so embarrassing and so degrading.
How can we play that, you know?
Do you know the one I'm talking about that you just played him in the go?
Yeah.
Am I right?
Okay, listen, you are such a worse man.
I'm worried about him talking about guys.
Forget about anything, okay?
You are...
And I understand that you're intimidating your scaredy-own shadow.
Who is going to pay a little bit over at Power 96?
I've got worried about Joseph Gackie paying me.
What's wrong with you?
I don't know.
I mean, what's Joseph Gackie's got?
And they could pick you as if you were Miguel or something.
What's his story?
Nothing.
What is it we got?
I want you to say the truth.
So open your mouth and say something.
Be a man like, uh, what's his name?
Martin De Brando.
So that's it for Cry Out Loud.
You cannot talk to me!
What's your mouth?
There you go.
Right.
I just...
I give up.
17,935.
And you're telling me your story about how we're doing so great on that fundraiser.
It's only been a week and a half.
By the way, when he handed me this, Miguel reminded me that...
You handed it to you.
That 2001 where we got 97,000.
That was the year of the last year, I believe, where you did appearances.
Yeah.
And, you know, we would have throughts.
Listen out, in other words, you're going to give me a sign as well.
New, would you come down and do it stupidly?
No, stupidly stupidly stupidly stupidly.
I don't care if we make a dime.
I don't care if we make a dime.
I don't care if we make a dime as you know.
Right.
But never the last.
That's one hell of a night of this.
You would have...
What have you?
You never managed to just care if we make a dime?
I don't.
I agree.
This is Neil Rogers.
If you want to sign a contract,
it's a space 5,161.
A bank.
We've got...
Okay, this guy is the real.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tiga, slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool,
I listen to the Neil Rogers' one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers' parent balance one to two hours.
Moopa koopo koopo root
To fa bop to natives
To fa bop to natives
To faku PCR
To fa reform
Don na na na na for na na na ka
And then
Ba va va va va ok
Leonata do
Da ta ta ta
To fa substantial
Oh
Ya
Burk
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no, you're, no, I'm hurting you all the battles, I'm sp buble
I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I'm not a kid, I
my own and all I am, My own world, National.
I'm like that.
You're here two more hours of it between two and four.
The only from the BAC, the Bank Atlantic Yenis Center, and Eric Reed will be on a 330 talking
through his teeth.
And then we got Mad Dogger from the same location from 4 to 630 because we got the Panther
336, 37 o'clock, Panthers and the Flyers are really suckbite away.
Flyers are like not good lately, really stinko.
And then you got Cain's basketball against Oklahoma State, the NIT tournament on 1360KAT
starting in 930.
And Curtis Stevens then follows it all on 100 different stations.
One political talking head, newsreader or calmness, you despise the most.
719 votes and colder 332.
She's an Alika Vern man.
Pat you can't in 67.
I hate this full 54.
Bob Novak 51.
Nazi.
Check out that card.
He's carrying it.
Tucker Carlson 28.
James Carville 28.
Skinhead.
I don't know any 26.
Mary Madeline 29.
And of all those 26 by the way, 22 were from UM.
Do you think we have anybody listening at UM?
I don't think so.
Mary Madeline, whose James Carville's wife of course, had obnoxious.
20.
Chris Matthews 20.
And he dressed up on top of his 15.
Tim Russell 12.
Soledad O'Brien 11.
She's the Hungarian Irish.
Wolflet's Creek 11.
Marine Dowd 8.
Lou Dobb 7.
Charles Crouthammer 6.
Nazi in a wheelchair.
Paul Krugman 6.
Fred Barnes 5.
George Will 5.
Jack Haverley 2.
Solimented dose.
Baby you can and's got a pair.
Little teeny tiny.
Raisinettes.
Thomas Freeman 2.
Kara Phillips only one.
You wonder why they have no idea who that is.
David Brooks 1.
And David Broder 1731.
What?
Who's that?
Who that?
I also don't forget log out at wqn.com if you like.
Or if not, that's okay.
Do and make your picks for Bell South Hoops hysteria.
Fixer made round by round.
So start making number one round selections now.
And then the person that gets on it with the most points at the end of the whole tournament
wins the grand prize of a thousand bucks.
They can't afford to pay Josh a few bucks extra.
Let's give him a thousand bucks away to some schmuck that's out there gambling on basketball.
What an idea.
You know, what a concept.
Just like I was thinking during that bit, you know, Mo as you know as low as those numbers
went and it really is shocking to be able to get a one share in the middle today on this
station.
It's pretty difficult, especially two months in a row.
But that having been said, I don't know about you, but I preferred the way it was before until we finally
decided who we were going to have on because it's evolving door thing to me.
It's embarrassing.
It's unprofessional.
It's also unacceptable.
But we don't care though.
Yeah, I've given up being embarrassed by these people.
Right.
Good point.
200,000 people in US terror database and you might be one of them wouldn't be surprised at all.
I've actually joshes in there, especially if you made any comments about Miguel Shafel, yes.
Police and other government workers in the US have come in contact with terrorists or people suspected of foreign terror
ties more than 6000 times in the past 28 months.
The director of the Federal Federal Terrorist Screening Center said yesterday that she didn't know there was a federal terrorist screening center.
I do know.
The encounters and traffic stops applications for permits and other situations that resulted in fewer than 60 arrests said Donna Buccella,
whose agency maintains the list of 200,000 people known or suspected to be terrorists.
The list contains additional 150,000 records that have only partial names.
Buccella said, like Ahmed or Muhammad or its Hock.
The vast majority of people on list are not in this country.
Many of only tenuous or inconclusive ties to terrorism.
Buccella said, a briefing for reporters at FBI headquarters.
As an example, if you said it a truck driver whose record requires him directly across the US candidate of border A,
he may be under suspicion, but it's still loud out of the country because there is insufficient evidence
flicking him to terrorism, as she said.
Well, if he's coming here, he must be a terrorist, right?
Schmacken.
Well, I'll put you down there.
Oh, God.
Or maybe that he's coming here to drive a cab.
Climate change irreversible is Arctic sea ice fails to reform.
I know we had a lot of great calls today, but I got to at least get through some of the rest of my piles here, man.
Do it.
I feel like I've done my duty, you know.
Sea ice and the Arctic has failed to be formed for the second consecutive winter,
raising fears that global warming may have tipped the polar region into an irreversible climate change
far sooner than predicted.
I get like extra cans of that tuna and a hundred gallons of powdered milk.
Wouldn't you?
Right.
I'll take a powder.
How about some BC powder, too, if it can't hurt?
Is there anybody up north that ever took a BC powder on them?
Things only red next take that.
That's right.
That's that's for red next headaches.
That's right.
Satellite measurements of the area of the Arctic covered by sea ice shows that for every month is one of the ice failed to be turned
even to its long-term average rate of decline.
It's the second consecutive winter that the sea ice has managed to reform after compensated for the unprecedented melting scene during the past few summers.
Oh, my God.
Scientists are now convinced that Arctic sea ice is showing signs of both a winter and a summer decline that could indicate a major acceleration in its long-term rate of disappearance.
The greatest fear is that an environmental positive feedback is kicking where global warming melts ice, which in itself causes the sea to warm still further, as more sunlight subsurbed by a dark ocean rather than being reflected by white ice.
Although sea levels are not affected by melting sea ice, which floats on the ocean, it floats, like you receptionist.
The Arctic ice covers thought to be a key moderator of the Northern Hemisphere's climate, helps to stabilize the massive land glaciers and ice sheets of Greenland, which have the capacity to raise sea levels dramatically.
How do you like that?
Maybe that's why we're not having any winter here.
Not that I'm complaining, you understand?
It's sunny. It's not all that toasty. It's about 38. I'll take it.
No snow, baby. No snow. Not a flake.
Former creed singer Scott Stap is assuming in an effort to stop a California company from a selling or promoting that sex video featuring himself, Kid Rock and Four Women, with shapely arses.
Now let me ask you, Josh, who do you think would have the most shapely ass in that video?
Keep reading the article. The federal law suit, well maybe I want to put this way, are they in good shape?
The federal law, that was one of the great lines of all time. You can tell us they're in good shape.
What is it? That's even worse. Now that I think about it, that's even worse than what I was saying.
That's because these signs end up up to fight them, you know?
Yeah, nah, he sized it up already.
I think it's a kung fu fighting, is what he's got in there. I don't know how you've maybe got some of my letters mixed up there.
He's a good shape in my life, even being the old faggot that I am, I have never ever looked at a male of any age sized variety and said to myself, man, he looks like he's in pretty good shape.
That's because your size in them up for another reason. You know the size queen.
Who is, Josh?
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
The federal law is not a law that's in there.
He's too pathetic to despise.
He's too pathetic to despise.
He's too pathetic to despise.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
He's too awful.
Summary curriculation.
especial Ingredients.
Kid endocrity dire Avenging to high parable the
Kid endocrity dire Avenging to high parable the pits.
Kid endocrity dire Avenging and degrees against
andersaktag  disting.
Auto-spelling gritt ig resilient
phas tumr recreation ETF ent intent means
erw Zur dust in guarantossed
If you're against the war, you must be a terrorist.
William J. Coward Crowley, a spokesman for the FBI,
is I wonder if he's kind to Candy Cowley.
A spokesman for the FBI's Pittsburgh Office
said that the monitoring of the Center was legal
and related to an ongoing investigation.
He didn't provide any details of the probe.
He said that when the FBI found no link between
the investigation, the Center would end the surveillance.
The ACLU contended that the documents
are the first to show conclusively that an anti-war group
was targeted because of its anti-war views.
You can't do that in America no more.
How do you like that?
No more.
Boy, and you people are sitting out there
worried about the paying five bucks
to get in the parking lot of a ballgame?
God, mighty, what's wrong with you folks?
I wouldn't do it.
I wouldn't give him five cents.
I'd take an old rusty penny and throw it at him.
Say here, take this and stuff it.
We'd have owned a put this under center ice
if you have any luck with it, okay?
Stick it right there at center ice.
You ice hole.
Twelve minutes after one at QIM.
If you're starving right now, if you haven't had lunch yet,
or even if you had lunch, just run like a little mole.
Head for John DeBaker with two great locations for you.
On Pinesville, the home depot center, West of Flamingo,
or the brand new John DeBaker
at the Sterling Town Center,
Sterling and Pine on a Rotacuper City.
John has been cooking it up price for over 30 years.
Let me say it again.
About 30 men.
John float, even when I was a child down there,
used to go there in North Miami.
In fact, what Kitty Corner was like Taco Bell
like in one corner and then like about a block
and half away was John's old place.
And boy, you're gonna love the food
because it's consistently delicious.
They give you big fat portions and the prices are tiny.
You can bring the whole family.
Sausage and peppers, chicken parmesan, baked ziti,
lasagna, hot and steaming on your plate.
And don't forget John's world famous garlic rolls.
Matter of fact, when you go in and have a meal at John's,
let's you know you heard about him in the garage.
You show me how to get a half a dozen of John's gigantic
world famous garlic rolls absolutely free.
And don't forget to try that fantastic sloppy sausage sub
too that George has been having a green apple
quick stir from for days.
It's absolutely positive of the best pizza in town too.
So bring the whole family or call ahead for takeout
at John the Baker and pepper pies call 9.5.4.
4.3.143.15.
9.5.4.4.3.143.15 or a Cooper City 9.5.4.25.2.09.1.
And Josh will be pleased to know that both the
waiters and the waitresses at John the Baker have
shapely arse.
John the Baker, it just doesn't get no better.
This is meal Roger.
This is 5.16.2.8.
You call this big market radio?
You're good, you're slut, you're war.
Absolutely.
Here we come in down the pivore, the low puns in patise.
I break the fairly hayy-rish alacrest the USA.
What decor, what is this right here?
The scryandale who does a bunch of queers again this year
who say that Irish food.
Oh God loves the ae-rish and less of course your game.
If you are you won't be margined upon some patise.
You can be a bum a bucket of some sure and that's okay but
you can't be ae-rish if you're gay.
Now you're an anti-parallelians, for his emanence is great.
A deliver this pronouncement upon the blessed day.
Sure a little bit have fallen, fell and nestled in the sea.
What's your cornstread to help a homosexuality?
Welcome, loves the ae-rish as long as men have been.
It's a perhaps a little bit hard, we've never been sure of it.
You can be seen, can drunk and hurl and chunks will lav it all away.
But you can't be ae-rish if you're gay.
No, you can't be ae-rish if you're gay.
Don't even try being ae-rish if you're gay.
One eighteen and five six, yeah what if that's going to start up again this year.
I haven't read seen nothing about it.
You know they're always starting a big sim, especially in the war again.
But sure they will.
All them drunk and irish men.
I mean, body parts scandal could be growing speaking of New York.
A mucov scandal in which, I still can't get over the fact there was George Boeck in Canada when New York, yeah yesterday.
A perfect place for him, if ever there was.
And I never looked it up, I never googled it.
I better Google it in a minute here.
See the population.
I bet you let me do it now.
I bet you anything is on the top 12,000.
Maths of Canada, what else would be a big one?
I like this guy.
He's got a junior music here.
He's working on it.
He's got no junior music ever.
How much he listens to it?
He can't grow up.
Well, here we go.
Population, they got demographics, they got 25 plus, 100 plus.
Here we go.
Three demographic reports for Canada when New York, Pena and New York hotels.
Oh man, now we're hitting the high spots.
Here we go.
Where the hell is it?
Oh no, I got to go through.
Oh, they're out of here.
Oh, it's one of these deals, free debris.
Oh, get out of here.
It's one of those deals where they want to try to pedal you something, you know?
I hate that.
Canada, they go to New York just a minute.
Population, where is it?
Where is it, please?
Here it is.
What did I tell you?
All right.
Two thousand census, 11,264.
Estimated population July 2004, 11,363.
It increased up 99.
Is that incredible or what?
Huh?
It increased up 99 and what amount of time, like the year?
Four years.
Four years.
Wow.
That's almost 25 a year.
Races in Canada, they go a white non-Hispanic, 95.4%.
You wonder why George Bush was there?
Uh huh.
White non-Hispanic, black 1.5%.
Two or more races, 1.2% Hispanic 1.0, an American engine 0.7%.
How do you like that?
Irish 21.8%, German 20.4%, English 19%.
Italian 11.8%.
Wow.
I'm going back to Kim Day.
I'm going to swim across the lake right now.
I'm going to get on a rent a car in Rochester and drive right on down to Kim Day when see where Bush was.
Right there on Seawar Rosalind Park used to be where they built condos.
And Macav scandal which corpses were flooded for body parts could be even bigger than previously discussed.
One company alone says it is distributed thousands of pieces of human tissue that authorities here could be tainted with disease.
And in addition, three other companies have reported quarantining or destroying more than $5 million in tissue from biomedical tissue services that now they funk New Jersey supplyhouse at the center of the scandal.
One of the exact number of pieces distributed and used in operations has not been revealed.
I heard it was five easy pieces.
Hospitals in recent recent spoken of contacting hundreds of patients who may have received tainted tissue.
VTS has been accused of collecting body parts without donor consent and selling them for use in transplants performed at hospitals in other medical facilities across the country.
The owner of BTS and three others were charging the scheme that earned them millions of dollars all for a plea of not killing.
We don't believe it.
I like that. I'm telling you somebody else who have pleaded pleaded pleaded.
Robert F Kennedy's assassin, Sirhan Sirhan, comes up for parole again this week in a potential conflict of interest for governor Arnold who has married a course to Robert Kennedy's niece, Maria Schriver with no chin.
I guarantee you she sure don't play a mean chinball because she ain't got no chin.
Sirhan shot Kennedy that allegedly at Los Angeles hotel in 68. There were 700 bullets in the upand three in a year.
Did all with one gun minutes after the York Senator claimed victory in the California presidential primary for the people were also struck by bullets.
Sirhan was arrested on the scene Kennedy died over the next day.
Sirhan received a death sentence that was committed to life in prison 72 when the California Supreme Court declared the death penalty unconstitutional.
Sirhan claims he was hypnotized at the time and then a second gun might have actually killed Kennedy at the ambassador hotel in LA.
Sirhan's former attorney said that Sirhan could not have fired the fatal shot because he was out of range when it took place.
And you know something I believe that part.
Too many coincidences you know.
Always.
Always these deranged misfeds, Lee Harvey Oswald, Sirhan Sirhan, who was the advocate of Martin Luther King James Rill Jones.
Ray Jones.
You know what he said after he did it to you right.
He said it was.
Questions about Sirhan's motives and what was a conspiracy lingered in 75.
The FBI put it in a special investigator to probe the claims that more than one gunman was involved.
The investigation included a conspiracy was possible but unlikely.
Right.
The assassin's parole hearing it.
Corcoran State Prison today, the 13th Census conviction in the first and fourths in the election in 2003.
When we heard by only two board members, one of them was appointed by Arnold.
If the board recommends his release an unlikely occurrence expert say the decision whether the three Sirhan will fall to Schwarzenegger setting up an unusual dilemma.
Judges can be accused themselves but this is not the kind of decision the governor can delegate to Jack Pinnie, a governor professor at Claremont McKinnell.
The governor's press office to climb the comment.
Well, half-ass Maria. What do you say Maria? Keep your chin up.
Judge to order Google to give up some data.
Federal judge said yes that he intends to order Google ink to turn over some of its internet records to the West Justice Department to express reservations about requiring the company that have all some of its most sensitive data.
The actual request that people enter into its popular search engine.
Now, would either of you have any problem with the government with checking to see what you've been googling?
No.
Not me. What about you, Josh?
I'm all right.
I mean, you know, a lot of porn.
U.S. District Judge James Ware told the Justice Department that,
expecting at least some of the information sought from Google,
as part of the Bush administration's effort to revive a law meant to shield children from online pornography.
It's always the excuse, baby.
Always.
We're doing something to protect the children.
So we can censor and censor and go after your records and track you down and haul your ass away.
And nobody ever see your ass again.
All over for safely, Josh wants to see it first.
But where's the rest he was especially concerned about the Justice Department's demand for a random sample of search requests,
and in the Google's internet-leading search engine?
The judge said he didn't want to do anything to create the perception that internet search engines and other large online databases could become tools for government surveillance.
Oh, no, we don't want to hear that.
He seemed less concerned about requiring Google to supply the government with a random list of websites indexed by the company.
We're setting plan to wish a written ruling quickly.
After that, I'd even been hearing Google attorney Nicole Wong said the company was pleased with various thoughtful questions.
Nicole Wong.
Justice Department spokesman Charles Miller said the agency looks forward to where his decision.
We hope his opinion will demonstrate the government's belief that the info would be helpful in protecting the nation's youth against potentially harmful material.
And of course the adults as well.
Anybody would like over the ages five.
I like that.
Another step.
Another little step.
Slowly but surely they keep going further and further and further and further.
And shame on you, Russ Fine Gold.
Shame on you.
Because he didn't consult with us first.
You ruled all our plans.
All our political strategizing.
It's hopeless baby.
Republicans are evil, the Democrats are our whims.
And that's it.
And of course by being whims, they're probably just as evil I would say.
You know, those who do nothing, whether the enablers.
Quite cliches.
Yeah.
The enablers.
That's right.
You're the enablers.
It's like whoever was sent all that money for being a boy so he could go out there and get those substances man.
He was the enabler.
I'm sure sorry that you talked me into it.
26 after 1 at 5, 60, 70, QM when you're...
I look to the Lord, even love to see your Rogers.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
It seems a lot to me.
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan.
I'm sowing on my knees.
So I can wear the lights.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'm not watching, I'm watching, I'm watching, I'm not going away.
I pray for a baby.
I pray for a baby.
I pray for a baby.
I pray for a baby.
I pray for a baby.
I pray for a baby.
Ba-O ba-O'qou!
I'm going to have Ramadhan, but we got our Shura.
Are you Shura?
Are you Shura?
Huh?
It's going on until March 20th, and that's why 700 more US troops are on the way to Iraq, 700 more.
Remember they were coming home all I crap about?
Yeah, well 700 more on their way.
Send off the slaughter like sheep.
That line 6, man, is persistent.
QA, I'm not lying.
Hello.
Dr. Dandes.
The counterfeit money looked good, but there was one flaw.
There's no such thing as a $1 billion bill.
It says this story.
A man busted in California.
US Customs agents in California said yesterday they found 250 bogus billion dollar bills while
investigating man charged with currency smuggling.
Now why didn't they hit like a little redundant bogus billion dollar bills?
Yeah, what do they think?
Tiko Ziegera, $25, $45.
They've got to go to the free federal council to try to bring cash, phony bills and fake $100,000 gold certificates into the US in January.
Further investigation led agents to a West Hollywood apartment where they found the status of yellowing and wrinkled $1 billion bills with an issue date of 1934 and
bearing a picture of President Grover Cleveland.
You would think the $1 billion denomination would be kind of a giveaway as these notes are fake, but some people are still taking in St. James Todeck, Secret Service agent involved in the probe.
I like that.
Yeah, most people wouldn't think that anybody would actually larger than their thumbnail would like know there's nothing as a billion dollar bill that
you ever have success passing any.
In addition to which, probably pass something.
And when you cash that, you float them.
You put them in a soda machine and it gives you change.
WQA and hello, I'm just going to give you a bunch of sodas.
QA and, thinking for the macaroon, they give you like a hot dog in a soda.
No change.
WQA and hello.
I'm in good taste.
How many QA and hello.
QA and the interesting part of it is as soon as I can go and do all my stories and ramble and ramble and go, I'm sorry, but we can say I did many.
It's contagious.
For like an hour and then as soon as there is one call that I take, then all of a sudden like a light bulb, like a buzzard.
Went off and alarm.
Here you go.
Open up the gates.
Let them out.
Am I right?
Oh yeah, they're right there.
They're hanging.
Well, that's always good to know that they're right there.
They're hanging right on the edge of the radio.
They're sitting on it.
Getting good vibrations.
I'm sitting on my fat unshapely ass by the way, Joe.
560, yeah, I'm going to shape an old pimply.
And a pound, 560, the Verizon singular wireless launch.
Let's get a rash of these going.
Like a mini lightning round.
What do you say?
That'll be easy.
In honor of tomorrow.
Well, I mean, honor of tomorrow being a Marlin game.
At 10 before 1.
Oh God.
How come the Marlins are like the Cubs can't play other day games starting out like at noon to be good?
Three game at 11 30.
WDQ way and hello.
WDQ way and hello.
Hey there, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what?
You were talking about the guy with the bones.
So in the bones too, medical.
There's an article in Newsweek about that.
Yeah.
Just last week.
The guy worked at a funeral home.
He would cut like the leg bones out.
And he put in PVC.
He put in PVC pipe where the leg bones were.
Right.
You see a picture that on X-ray.
It's wild.
Okay, I'm going right out to get Newsweek right now.
I heard it's wild.
Somebody Q and a hand, hello.
So, Miguel and Josh are going to have a sword fight?
So he's obviously easily impressed that guy who saw the thing in the bones, the bones.
WDQ way and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Billion dollar bills there, great for strip clothes because you give one of those away.
Okay.
WDQ way and hello.
Hey.
Yes.
Oh.
There is a guy.
We've gotten there now.
Now we've done it.
We've reached the top of the mountain.
What is it?
I didn't even hear what they got said.
So you guys were lashing with the gun.
He was doing a Ron Jr.
You know, I was.
Oh, I was.
You were.
I'm saying.
All right.
Well, that was it.
You get you rule and so the torch.
I do.
Yes.
Thank you.
I'm Curtis sometimes.
Okay.
Hey Curtis, you rule sometimes.
Well, the greater light rules today and the lesser light rules tonight.
The night in shining armor.
The moment of shape.
Yes.
56070560.
You're never going to live that down Josh.
I know it was just a slip of the tongue.
He didn't really mean to admit it to say it.
Well, he didn't say it.
I was.
You know, there's a guy that's in good shape.
Well, what is that?
Well, what kind of a.
Hey, you know, you admire phases.
Yeah.
And other people admire physics.
I said that.
Right.
That, you know, shoulders, you know, broad shoulders.
Right.
I brought back.
Thanks.
Come on.
Right.
Right.
W-Q-A-N.
Hello.
Hey, Mr. Neal Rogers.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Excellent.
Hey, Neal.
And I thought Josh should check it out.
But I don't think he ever listened to me.
You mean to see this French film is called Man's Bite Dog.
Yeah.
He made a phrase.
Yeah.
I heard it.
He made a phrase.
He made a phrase.
Yeah.
Oh, I thought it was something really important.
It sounded like Johnny Dirk.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Yeah, you talk about all you say, guys, I can't say other guys good looking.
Yeah.
I think I'm good looking.
That's why I spoke myself of the Renault guy.
That's funny, because I was just going to tell him to do that.
He beat me to it.
He beat me to it.
Man, here I thought Ron Jeremy was double-jointed.
21-2-2-a-Q-A-N.
This is Neal Rogers.
A black, this is 5'16-2-a-L.
All right, this is G Gordon Litty, and they don't come any worse than Neal Rogers.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go Irish.
It's St. Paz Day.
We're drinking whiskey, concerts, St. Paz Day.
We're getting real tipsy concerts, St. Paz Day.
And everybody's wearing green, because it's St. Paz Day.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
I'm being the pub.
We're saying to note.
We're saying to note.
We're saying to note.
We're saying to note.
You've come here, you've come here.
You've come here, you've come here.
We've came here and you've come here.
If you'll ask your children...
And what did that Red bird survey display mean?
Yes, that red wheel!
That's our FIRU contingent.
Uh, Merri Mattel in 23 .
Bye, bye, bye!
