Hey everybody!
The joy joy has its best best game!
We thought I knew that joy joy meant
to take the people and expand
to the mind joy!
I'm joy joy joy joy joy joy joy
Yeah joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy
Yeah joy joy joy joy joy joy joy
Joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy
Holiday joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy
Joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy joy
Hey sexy fatty!
Those gigantic glory poses in your nose-bow
While the하면 is ticking,beans
The shuffle of a war fellow
The living in 되oda
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do
it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
Okay, oh two no crossover day because the Humper is somewhere. He ran up to a kitchen flight
Which I don't know what that means because then he's supposed to be on tomorrow to be having a revised schedule
I don't have in God. Let me get to short flight. I see
Bombs at police office in Moscow at least 21 things are going very well in Iraq. Oh, we're fine
No mistake about it. Don't believe any of that the liberal comedy pinko propaganda about dead people and stuff like that
No such thing. Although
The AP the associated press has two separate car bomb explosions killed at least 21 people are moving more than 50
By the way, Bo will be on the monitor in Baghdad today. Oh, I see
See if you ask maybe they might tell you it's like ask it about where the hell's pump in O Park and what's going on with the
Torre Stratford all of these things you don't require me might as well
Well, I don't understand because both supposed to be on two to four tomorrow. Wait a minute
Wait a minute. No, I see. I'm looking on the wrong day. You're absolutely correct
It's already on here Bo seven to ten. Got guilty two to four tomorrow
In the end the center where the panthers seem to win every game
They beat Washington last night three to two the crap at all
So they beat them every time that's what is it 16 points against the crap?
Yeah, that's embarrassing
So that's you the only reason they're actually in that toy off race
They're like five points behind Atlanta for the eighth and final spot and have to climb over some other people too like Toronto and the
Islanders and a Montreal but nevertheless they just win just about every day they're kicking ice
Any interest?
No, anybody here. No, okay. Just check them
Just take them to see if there was some change
In downtown Baghdad a suicide bomber detonated a vehicle at the entrance of a major crime unit run by the interior ministry in
Carada killing at 15 people there wounding more than 30
But third man and
Another bomb outside of Shia Mosul mosque and they mostly mixed Shiites soon in neighborhood of Sharta and Southwest Baghdad
Kill least six people wounded 20 there. It's got a shovel war roadside bombs targeting police patrols
Also killed four people in Baghdad least one in the nearby city of something I can't pronounce police said doesn't about the wounded
So there's like murder and bloodshed
All of these horrible
But nobody seems to have conveyed that to your fearless leader
Who just continues but a meat but a moop but a boop are a little bit like that
Clowning around he's the class clown, you know, here's the results yesterday's poll
Which of theos comments piss you off the most 14 had with 64 vote
On by the way my blood sugar was 78 this morning I had a nice big
Not not huge but an ample size my two ounces of that greenfield pasta yesterday with meat sauce that I made would like some slight
black olives and
Some nice ground beef that I cooked up in olive oil
You grow yourself, huh? You grow it yourself. You know, I did not grind it
I'm grinding my teeth a little bit but not the ground beef
Anyway, had the nice we're very satisfying and gratifying and it was fine
And I'm losing some weight and I'm my blood sugar is good and of course, you know, why would any fat slaw want to measure their blood sugar?
right
1464 votes my galaxy none of us comments because we have 1173 we stayed just over that 80% mark. Oh man. You can breathe easy now
80.1 percent
This comment's about politics though pissed me off the most 67 4.5 percent
They're still in that whole bush business
His comments about blacks 54. Oh, how about that guy St. Louis? We'll get to that story
David Linahan not a good idea to be called kind of Lisa a cool non-the-radio. Okay, David you idiot who would do such a thing?
David Linahan. He's fired at it
comments about blacks 54 his comments about religion 50 comments about guns 46
Hey, let's get some gunshots spots on right away
Comments about colors 29 where the hell did that come from out of nowhere get out of here?
His comments about Orthodox Jews only 18
It's comments about Cubans 15 and that's because everybody knows whatever I say about Cubans is always true and the comments about redneck 12 dose
So lament they dose it. That's what the redneck's are all saying right now dose
In fact most of the redneck's got a bad dose of something. Oh speaking of that I
Don't know why I don't play this more often than I do it's very very popular drop in it for some strange reason
There's no fact in the church right
Equipped with gummy bears. This is from the New York Daily News. They equipped with gummy bears lubricant and gay porn
I mean what a nice combination that is huh gummy bears lubricant and gay porn a def�t pencil in your priest was ready for his
Ex for the boy but instead got busted by an undercover cop police say
Thomas Bender
72 of McCongi Pennsylvania. I never heard of that in my life. Do you ever hear that McCongi? No, maybe it's McCongi
Was arranged yesterday in first district court in Hemsford long Island on five counts of first degree disseminating indecent material
The reminder and one kind of attempting to commit a criminal sexual act
Since September
2004 cops said he engaged in online conversation with a detective who was posing as a teenager
During that year he was grooming the boy or boy he thought was a 14-year-old boy said detective Sergeant Lucy Graziano of the Nassau County police
He was building relationship through trust
gummy bears. I don't think 14-year-olds want gummy bears do they?
What are who does it?
I never I don't think I ever ate gummy bears
Well, the other conversations are made innocent with vendor asking the boy about family is hobbies in his favorite candy
Oh, I see if I'd just shut up and kept reading this new story this very important information
But on October 2005 he began slipping sexual comments into his instant messages and emails and soon asked to meet the boy police said
On three separate occasions he scheduled meetings but canceled because he feared his online buddy might be a cop
Graziano said he finally left out a let down his guard to day
When he agreed to meet at an undisclosed location in Nassau County and fell into the trap set by the Nassau County police
In his car police found three packs of candy gummy bears
Condoms a camera key wide jelly in a case of Vex beer
They also seized his laptop which will be used in the investigation to see if he targeted any other youngsters online
Detective's also working with law enforcement in Pennsylvania in the Catholic Church
Which removed vendor from the priesthood after he was convicted of abusing a teenage boy in the mid 1980s
vendors veiled was sent at 200 grand or a bond or a hundred thousand cash
Well, that cannot be able to come up with that really easy. Just sell some of that porno collection. Right? Yeah, I got it right here
No problem and getting back to that guy in St. Louis David Leningan
Talk show host fired after honor racial slur wasn't idiot. What a moron, you know
A radio personality at 550 KTRS now maybe we ought to send him the when he gets his next gig send him the condoluser song sure
You could play that you know far. We're gonna play it
Radio personality at 550 KTRS in St. Louis was fired on the spot this morning
Now this is yesterday's story yesterday morning after using the word cool on the year in a conversation about
Secretary of State Connolly's a rice
David Leningan was dismissed after what he called an inadvertent slip of the tongue right within 20 minutes station CEO Tim Dorsi
Apologized on their listeners and none set Leningan who'd been with the station for less than two weeks was fired and it did
I don't know what was in Mr
Leningan's mind or she said in the view
I know what I heard I know it was reprehensible reprehensible and absolutely
Unbelievable. Leningan's comment was made during a discussion about racist credentials to become commissioner of the NFL a
Topic as well, you know wasn't Henry Kissinger commissioner of the soccer league or something like that Josh
I had no idea we know nothing about soccer. You will know Henry Kissinger if he came in there and started talking about the heavy
Humanizer kick the ball on the goal man. Yeah
infrequently
Leningan's comment was made during a discussion about racist credentials to become commissioner of the NFL topic
That's been fodder for sports talk radio since the current commissioner now. It's he'd retire later this year Paul Tanya Boo Boo
Leningan was listening what R.S. had to bring to the league including her tenure as the top academic officer at Stanford University
And the fact that she's African American
She's just got a patent resume of somebody that's got such serious skill in hands on here
She loves football. She's African American which would be kind of a big-coon big-coon. Oh my god
I'm totally totally totally sorry for that. Okay. I didn't mean that that was just a slip of the tongue man
I'm gonna say to me to use the word cool COUP. Now let me ask you doesn't don't have a dump button at KTRS
I wonder I mean some of us have dumped ourselves in more than one occasion as you are aware. Yes, I mean when you talk in
Spontaneous pontunious radio for hours every day every now and then you might let blurt something out
I don't think that the big coom is just something no
Reach the home one hand said he was still trying to figure out what happened and was drafting letter of apology to rice
I was trying to say quite a cool
But it came out cool. He said I caught myself in a apologize. It wasn't anything I meant to say I never used that word
No, I'm sure he doesn't
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I can only imagine the one he uses frequently
I think she's a fantastic woman. He said I was even taking me talking about if she ran from prison
I'd work on her campaign
Yeah, maybe there were a lot of time to do that now
He said his biggest fear is that his choice of words tarnished images of St. Louis and the baseball team
Which is a part owner of the station all and of course those those good old Catholic St. Louisians man
Wow
Cardinals and then of course KMO X very Catholic city, St. Louis
I don't know what that's got to do with Condra Leiser. Is she Catholic? Do we know I don't face up? No, I don't know
You know I don't know
It was my dream job. He said now that he said ratings were going well
It kind of stinks. You know how did he's been there for less than two weeks there no ratings every week
How did you know ratings were going well? That's a lie? That is just garbage
Sounds like for all
It was my dream job. He said yeah
Lenan would previously been with radio station KG and you as in new was part of the recently we shoved a lot of a KTR
Since half the station was acquired by the St. Louis Cardinals and he had a morning said head a morning talk show
But now he's fired to it less than two weeks not a good start David
How about selling used cars sounds like a hell of a good deal sell some of them used the crackers from New Orleans would be good
Seven of them junkers I think that's a good idea sure sounds like right up his alley or
We're working our sales department. We got a lot of losers
We specialize in losers losers losers losers 624 votes out of the days pool
We did this one we did this one years ago. I'm breaking back somebody oldie moldies in case you haven't noticed
Yes, other than WQ a in which radio station you listen to the most and of course we had to add serious and XM and this some other ones like a radio
Suave
Il catacone
Which the Colombian which we don't have any I know listen to other stations 126 20% of our crowd
I'll listen to other stations. Thank God serious 91. That could be Howard could it
Wions 64 Waxi 790 the ticket only 57 see that's because that's our audience not not the sports audience our audience
They're like in the fourth fourth spot here
XM 54
WIOD 44 big 34 it must be the Ron and Paul crowd
Magic 31 that's the Ricky Tiki crowd and of course what's his name? It's been in the market a hundred years
Ron St. John oh that you L.R.N. Sorry for the late edition. It was an oversight on my part 23 because I don't never listen to what you do though
Right yes, yes, and we say that with all apologies to our friends
Right that's all I listen to is the morning is mm-hmm. How come you're so newsy?
WKIS 19 the coast 16 82 long the coast WLVE love 12 12 suits
Zeta 15 what well is it really Zeta anymore? Whatever it is now. Yeah 10. I'm sorry 10 votes
See that I should have changed. What is it mega Latin and proud
No, I thought WM GE was mega see I should have changed some of these because this is the old pull from like four years ago or more
Well Zeta they know what that is 94 9 10 WRM F 9 WV L.M 8
Bushley College radio like like us although not as embarrassing power 96 8 Kpx 7 type or high EDR 5
Y104 TMI 4 well, there is no more TMI see
I screwed up that on this we got by under what the call over huh do I don't know what the collars are?
Well, you could look at your heart, huh? You could look them up who could look them up?
You look it up. You could have we can do something. Well, I didn't radio swab a nun and WM GE smigman on which I don't think that's anymore
Either is it let's let's straighten out some of these collars right away and get this over to Eric so he can make the changes
So we know look more foolish than you
Is
Neil Rud wedding
The align my add
A
told
Funny, holy, food, fire of juice, all to eat for a day.
As time went by, his earthly name compromised his choice.
He found a way to get really by altering young boy's fatherhood to him.
Hey man, stop!
Holy, holy, food, fire of juice, all to eat for a day.
He was happy to get to, he got caught by some child of jail.
Then the Vatican said, everyone else and he didn't have to go to jail.
Fatherhood too.
Hey man, stop!
Holy, food, fire of juice, all to eat for a day.
They sent him to a priest retreat where the genupthant prayed.
It was you, or it was me that knocked us up and threw the keys away.
Fatherhood too.
Rock solid.
Hey man, stop!
Holy, food, fire of juice, all to eat for a day.
Fatherhood too.
Hey man, stop!
Holy, food, fire of juice, all to eat for a day.
Here's my fact in the church.
We know.
Twenty after ten.
Here's the deal.
I got the latest rating thing out here.
We'll have to turn it like transposed.
Okay.
As many stations that I left off of there.
We found, or Eric found, I should say, a current online list, but he wants to know what to do now.
Do we reset the poll with these new findings or what?
What do you mean by that?
Oh, I see what you're saying.
We just start all over again.
How are we going to get to a thousand if we do that?
That is the question.
That's 650 votes on everyone.
That's 60.
No, don't do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm looking for it on the list.
HDR-231.
Miami Rocket says.
Well, 931 used to be a new rock station.
It used to be TMI.
It used to be the day of the year.
TMI, okay.
So change WTMI to WHDR.
Eric, please.
This list isn't complete, but it does have all the formats.
So I'm sending it to you anyway.
Will you listen to me?
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I don't need it.
Okay.
I mean, if it's a station that's not even rated on here,
we're not going to put it on our poll for Christ's sakes.
Anyway, we got to change you to WTMI to WHDR because
Christ's broadcasting did they lie to the public when they bought TMI.
Oh, we're never going to take their classical music of it.
It ain't like about a month, six months later, where there went.
Not that I care because classical music is for sueds.
Let's see.
WQM.
I remember that one.
The station that eats your heart out.
WMGE.
It's already on there.
It still exists.
We have to change it.
It doesn't have any audience.
Now, what is that?
Radio Smigma.
WMGE is the...
It's a Spanish.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
That's the one that they flipped over to Esponio.
That is correct.
Oh, God.
What a disaster.
WRMA.
Not to be confused with WARMR.
MR.
More.
Radio Amor.
This is not a Radio Romancea.
ARMA.
You got it?
Got it.
RTO.
WRTO.
Radio Ritmo.
Another no-speakening race.
Do we have any English speakers stations like...
No.
WQBA.
La Cubanissima.
How can we left that off of there?
Huh?
I don't know.
You forgot.
W-AQI.
That's Radio Mambi.
Radio Mambi.
All the old Julios.
Listen to that.
W-AQI.
In fact, the frequency on it is 790.
No, I'm sorry.
That's 710.
That's what GPS used to be.
Sorry, Ken Walden.
How's Ken doing?
Is he okay?
He's fine.
He's doing it.
I think.
Let's see.
W-A-V-S.
Go ahead and put that on there.
It's just like, I don't know what that is.
An MBM.
He can put W-A-V-M.
I guess.
Sorry.
Let's put them all on there.
W-A-V-S.
W-M-B-M.
And then, of course, W-F-T-L, which is that 850 that your buddy PD Lenny was on for about
five minutes, until he became the regional, uh, whatever for a cost-bar casting or land
of what he's called in the show.
So let's get W-F-T-L on there.
That's where a normal kit worked for a couple of weeks.
W-J-N-A.
Uh, am I leaving anything off?
Well, W-K-T.
He hopes for that on there.
That's so...
And W-W-F-E, radio-fade.
What do you say it radio-fade sounds awfully...
No.
Gay.
Yeah.
So that, I think that's it.
Does that cover it like a blanket?
Good enough for me.
Well, what happened to a butzator?
We don't want to leave that on the re-zator.
It's not Zator normal.
What's the color?
Is it that abortion now?
The, uh, 94-9?
Yeah.
W-M-G-E.
Oh, that's what that is?
Yeah.
You've got to be kidding me.
Radio-Smeagman.
Uh...
So we've got a duplication there then.
We need to take Zator.
Uh, how do we do that?
Take it off.
There's no such thing.
Yeah, that's right.
Take off Zator and the ten goofballs of voter for that.
They don't even know what to call it.
It's our, because we got M-G-On there.
M-G-E.
And of course, you should hear about a great job.
Keep channeled it again.
That's their station, right?
Yeah.
Oh.
God.
What a business, man.
What a horrendous business.
I'm begging you, people out there.
Don't even ever visit a radio station.
Even if you want a prize, which you probably will get it anyway.
But if you want a prize, send somebody else, send them in a cab, to pick up the prize.
You don't want to see Carlos anyway.
Legislation speaking of the radio business, legislative, that would raise fines for a decent broadcast
could put on hold, be put on hold, if Senator Ted Stevens gets his way.
Now, this is a real right-wing Nazi, by the way, from Alaska.
He's a nut.
He is.
He's almost in the league with the Sam Brown back.
The Senate Congress, they probably showered together.
The Senate Congress Committee, Chairman, wants to place a hold on pending legislation to
see whether a new industry-backed educational initiative, promoting technology to block
offensive TV programming adequately addresses concerned about off-color content, according
to TV week.
While the latest television related would also indirectly mean an increase in fines for radio
would be put on hold.
That education campaign is just beginning.
It's my hope that members of Congress who are working on this legislation will also
permit that campaign to run for a while to determine whether this education of the public
really will result in a better understanding of how to protect children without legislation
said Stevens, while speaking at a conference sponsored by the Trade Group Comp-Tel, according
to TV week.
The campaign, Stevens referred to as being launched within three months by TV broadcasts
along with cable and satellite companies to inform consumers about technology sessions
of each ship that would block objectionable content, objectionable, like anything that
somebody's far-bistened don't like.
We always test the need for such legislation, I think, after the marketplaces work since
Stevens.
He also read it, and I feel we can go too far, and once again, end up with a decision
that what we attempt to do is unconstitutional and ruin the progress we were already achieved.
Yeah, unconstitutional, like messing with our freedom of speech, okay, you jackass, you
right-wing lunatic, you.
You slime ball, you scum, oh, I'm sorry.
Sorry, this is Neil Rogers of the U.S.
Oh, Mr. Ray.
Oh, Mr. Ray.
Oh, Mr. Ray.
Oh, Mr. Ray.
Oh, Mr. Ray.
Oh, Mr. Ray.
Oh, Mr. Ray.
Well, look at that.
It's even on the lib-tiler website, just to everybody.
Erasmus canceling their accounts.
Yeah, yeah, he's got issues.
Erasmus thought man, Stephen Tatter will endure throat surgery this week, forcing the band
to cancel their remaining 12 dates on the North American tour with cheap prick reports
of waiters.
And for the surgery, Tatter will be unable to sing for two to three months.
The band has been touring since last October in support of their live CD, DVD, Rock and
the Joy.
Their spring tour was supposed to last till April 15 when it would have wrapped up in Sacramento,
California.
Erasmus already canceled it.
Joseph Smartch, for fanski, a refund for canceled shows at all points of purchase.
And while he's having that throat surgery, you might as well get some little face work
done too, you know.
Because as much as I love Erasmus music, he's looking more and more like I told you a couple
weeks ago, like an old lady than ever before.
And after that, something new, you're right, but like a real old lady, you know, with
a big mouth.
Happened several.
Of course, we know a lot of old ladies with big mouth.
Oh, my God.
Anyway, here's somebody who factions and says there was an enjoyable show, meaning Larry
King last night that I mentioned about Mike Wallace, but it says isn't Chris Wallace
yet?
He had the sun on Chris Wallace.
Part of the propaganda network of Fox and Mike a little bit more liberal.
Well, if you have to ask me that you weren't watching very closely because they talked about
that.
The fact that Chris works for Fox and he's met the L president, he bushed and shaking
his hand, the out of the out of the end.
Carl Rove won't let Bush anywhere near Mike Wallace and Bush said, well, he works for Fox
and it was a like that, you know.
Here we go.
Good show.
Very rare, but it was good show.
Speaking of it, shows I didn't see it.
Shame on me.
Well, I was watching Larry King.
You know, old fart like me, Larry needs me badly.
But young punks like you know the Josh watch South Park?
Of course I did.
Oh, excuse me.
It's like a religion force.
Excuse me.
What religion might that be?
South Parkism.
Isaac K's chef character got a true South Park sendoff last night seemingly killed,
but mourned as a jolly old guy whose brains were scrambled by the super adventure club.
The thinly disguised satire continued to show his feud with Scientologists and its
tense season premiere on Comedy Central.
And they didn't.
They weren't going to repeat that one about in the closet.
I told you that.
Yeah, Josh.
I told him to let him.
He kept saying over and over.
Now that's out again, they're going to put it on again.
It will be back.
The sole singer was voiced as chef character in South Park since 1997.
But left recently because what he called the animated shows religious intolerance and
bigotry.
Founders Matt Stone.
I wonder what that guy would say Lewis would have called the Isaac K's, huh?
Chef.
Founders Matt Stone and Trey Parker said hey, he's a Scientologist.
It was mad that South Park mocked a religion in episode last November.
Are we we run that Scientology episode was mysteriously pulled off the airlines
week amid public reports that actor Tom Cruise and other Scientologists you fairy had
used this clout of barrier to cruise spokesman denied that.
Pays didn't participate in making Wednesdays episode.
The characters lines appear to be packed together through tapes of past dialogue appeared
to be payo.
I mean, I heard that one clip and you'd have to be a moron not to realize that that was
that was the idea.
That was part of the humor which these people are to the doll.
Yeah, yeah.
To stoop it to a slow.
To exploit on purpose.
It was like the ones right.
Chef repeatedly said he wanted to make sweet love to the South Park Elementary School
kids.
It seems the super adventure club turns its members into child molesters.
The children try to rescue Chef but in the anti turns to head back to the super adventure
club till he falls off a bridge onto the rocks as burns stabbed and mulled by a mountain
line and bear.
Then he apparently dies.
A lot of us don't agree with the choices the chef has made last few days.
One of the children you'll judge is him and a funeral.
Some of us feel hurt and confused that he seemed to turn his back on us.
But we can't let the events of the past few weeks take away the memories of how Chef
made a smile.
We should be mad at Chef for leaving us theology concludes.
We should be mad at the fruity little club for scambling his brains.
The door for his return wasn't completely closed in the show's final scene.
Members of the super adventure club try to revive Chef.
It's not clear he's really dead.
What was it about that Darth Chef?
Darth Chef, yeah.
Yeah, we vibed in his eye.
They were vibing in his eye.
And he blacked his Darth Chef.
Oh.
How you like that?
And how come time made OJ so dark?
Black.
Five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty.
Let's look at that schedule if we really are daring.
So bowies on tomorrow morning.
I see no hump or tomorrow.
Got Geldy at two this afternoon.
And the wake of another panther, victory three two they held on for dear life against the
crap itals.
They got 69 points now.
We can say that Curtis no mad dogs today either.
But what's going on?
What is going on?
Curtis for mad dog at Hooter's derail four to six fifty.
Marlins on deck at that hour and then of course seven O five.
The marlins in the Met's Jupiter exhibition is baseball.
Eddie can't follow his marlins baseball tonight.
How'd you like to follow that?
Fate worse than death.
Okay, let's see how we're doing on this pool now that we got a nice job by the way.
Eric seven hundred and four votes.
Oh, make that thousand easy.
See if we just start all over again.
You messed up all my plans on the thousand row.
Club it will cost you a lot of money too.
Cost him both coup bucks.
I don't listen to other stations.
I'm a 34 other than QM.
What a radio station.
Listen to most.
That's the question.
No others one thirty four.
Nineteen percent.
Well God bless them.
In fact, I guarantee you right now.
You'll bless them for what could that'll do?
Sirius one oh five.
Are you cereal?
W I N Z seventy five.
Waxy seven ninety sixty four.
X M sixty.
They must like Martha Stewart.
No who is it that's on X M?
Or maybe it's just redneck Oprah.
Oh, that's right.
Oprah's on X M. Boy, you got a nose for Oprah.
It doesn't take a big one though to smell that.
W I O D forty eight big forty one magic thirty four W L R N thirty two.
See thank God we put that on there.
Because they're so newsy you know W K I S twenty two coast sixteen gloves ninety four
twelve the dirty dozen W M G E eleven.
See now that worked out fine.
We swapped over that and I guess they figured out what that is W R M F ten W V L M nine.
How's that possible?
Power ninety six nine K P X eight K P X.
This is right on the U M S E D R six.
Y one hundred what is that only four.
It's not our crowd teeny boppers W H D R four and none none yet for J and A F T L waves
W A B S M M B M I wonder what the B M stands for in that station.
Radio Mambe Waki none W Q B A La Cumanissima none radio Ritmo none.
Well those people are going to be listening here radio to romance you none W H D R's
on there again is that on their twice.
And I mean who knows what my way maybe maybe I'm just imagining things.
No I guess not.
I would have sworn a lot don't swear no H D R none W M I B men in black none.
W S D J none W C C M Q none.
See that we don't have any right those are your people.
Those are the banana boat crowd.
Hot none W A M R R R R R R R none and that radio swapping on we got no Colombians baby
we mean that's why you ain't got enough of that good stuff.
I'm not talking about that wacky weed I'm talking more more of the different kind of
line.
No I'm not saying but it is.
Oh that those kind of lines 20 to 11 at five 60 W Q M B.
Oh poorly once you have no more.
I don't think W U A R presents who did more with more.
Yeah I'm having a day.
Now you listen to me I got unfinished business with that they're about I racked it.
I stand before you now with my previous statement pointably in hand.
There ain't no national god in Iraq see national god.
I would have known.
I mean I'm doing my thing here.
I've got to do it in there.
I've got to stick to it now.
I know where it was I did.
Oh yeah.
And another thing.
Who's the goal for the war in Iraq.
Pinch of acres air force.
But your cranes in a pit helmet.
Ah.
Well that's pit.
Joyce.
As in the pit.
Nobody knows what I said anyway.
But don't stop me now.
I'm on fire dad.
Like, scissor cats.
Well I am the scissor.
I'm the scissor.
I'm the scissor.
I'm the scissor.
I'm the scissor.
I'm the scissor.
I'm the scissor.
I'm the scissor.
You mean that's smelling.
You know I'm the scissor.
You're fluttering.
I'm fluttering.
I'm the scissor.
You know the scissor.
You know the scissor.
I'm fluttering.
You know the scissor.
Okay.
Zin's the scissor.
Yes sir.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
I'm my college.
You let me know that.
I know some of your buddies.
I go to the jazic ackee and people do it.
I need to do Boulder's pool and once in a while I have to go I'll be on his house.
Good, good taking.
Yeah.
Hello?
Yeah I'm here and we're still here.
And also, you know what I'm doing?
Go away.
Wow.
That was good.
That's one of PD Boulder's boyfriend's.
That's the one with those.
Yeah.
That was really good.
Like I said, let's take about 4,000 of those today.
I'm going to move forward.
Although I do have to leave.
I got to, let's slap a tape on because I got to leave about 1115.
I got a catcher playing the woodbine.
70 QIM, hello.
Oh God.
That was the all-time worst.
One that weekend.
Very weak as you come close.
That was the all-time worst fake anybody.
That was like a fake human.
70 QIM, hello?
Hey Neil, I just wanted to comment on that blonde teacher who was my lesson the kid.
Yeah.
Can't believe she's not getting any jail time.
If it was a male who did that to a female student.
He didn't even let this run a key away.
He'd be on the floor right now.
Lock him up and throw away the key.
What if we live in, right?
Female is the only thing they want.
Well, that's the public.
See, that's not just the system.
That's the public.
You know, if it's a young kid getting along with some teachers, some hot teachers, especially
oh yeah, you go boy, you go.
You know, it's like that.
That's right.
But if it's their daughter, you know, or if it would have been a male teacher, you
would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would
have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have
been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been
the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the
guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who
would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would
have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been
the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who
would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been
the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who
would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy who would have been the guy
gave directions-
gave directions-
Yes, I was wondering if I could add WRGP to your poll. What is it? WRGP. What is that?
It's a FIU student radio. FIU's got a student station. I'll be there and know what kind of crap do they I mean what do they play?
Um, it's kind of like the one but without all the crap. I see well that says a lot. Okay. Thanks a lot. We'll get it right on.
All right. Thanks. FIU's got a radio station. We got a collar from FIU. How do you like that? I'm not really sure what that was.
WRGP is what they said. That's what I thought he said. WRGP or WRPP. I'm not really sure which one he said.
RGP. I know what it was. 730 vote on a poll. We'll get to a thousand and boy Eric almost messed up my whole life today.
Wouldn't be the first time. One and the likes start all over again. Can you even imagine this? Ask any wasn't one.
I know what you want. He gets to be a little spastic. He doesn't understand. You think after all this time he'd get it.
It's an ego trip for us. We want to get a thousand votes. We don't care if the question is like paper or plastic.
We don't care. We can get a thousand votes. It makes us proud. Aren't you proud? No. You'd be proud of this.
Call line nine Q. I. M. Eddie line. Hey, you doing pretty good. Hey, what are the chances of getting those biggest style
slot machines on our bullet train? I told you more online. Yeah, you were right. I know that.
When's the last time we got like a real call online line? You know, we used to get like from New York. Remember that? Yeah.
And we had a few on there. I don't even give that number out and rightfully so.
WQ. Y. M. Hello. Nail plus. I don't know what it is. Yes, sir. Got a question for you.
Uh-huh. Um, read a story about a kid winning a poker tournament. Uh, million bucks.
A ten. Yeah. He gets a he gets 600,000 out of that. Right.
Now, I think you were asked this question so many times, but what the hell do they do with that money for taxes?
What would you mean by that? Well, if you pay four and a thousand of taxes, I mean, and we're in a deficit and all that other good stuff.
What do you have to they do with it? The same thing they do with your tax money and my tax money. They pee it down the drain, baby.
They're busy buying armaments to kill more people in Iraq to sacrifice more soldiers. That's what they're doing with it.
What kind of a question is that? What are they doing with the money? Pean it. Right.
Open up the fairer faucet, man. This is the pee it away. It goes right to Halliburton. That's nowhere somewhere.
Yeah, right. Well, the Chinese retirement fund. Right. This pocket. Right.
Goes right into a Rumsfeld's bird flu fund. Oh, God. I'm telling you, man, even even Jesse James would be embarrassed by this crowd.
Even Bonnie and Claude wouldn't believe what's going on now. This is these are the Robin Hood and reverse. I've heard it a long time ago.
After these people are Robin Hood and reverse, feel from the poor, give to the rich.
And how about some more tax cuts for the rich? Hey, I'll take it. See, I got a whole different attitude now.
Because if you knew how much I pay in taxes, you'd probably fall off the chair there right. Well, you got a pretty good idea, probably. I'll tell you in the morning.
Yeah, I got an idea. Well, it's a sick me.
And I say we go on a tax protest. You tried first though. Right. I mean, in your case, they won't miss that.
Maybe Josh can go on a tax protest. Yeah, I'm sad. They must really be watching real close.
How's that deal? Here is coming, by the way. There is no deal. I see. Let's make a deal. Not.
Oh, and speaking of that, I didn't watch the show. I saw it was on last night. What do they call that show?
That's a rip off dealer. No deal.
Now you talk about a really transparent rip off of Let's Make a Deal. I mean, I saw the promo for that.
That's all it is. I bet you're Machia Hall is just a he's peeing all over the place. Good Jewish or Canadian boy.
Machia Hall. He's still alive, by the way. What about the J. What's his name? What was his name that I keep asking that we don't know what it was?
J. The guy that used to bring the prizes, you never saw Let's Make a Deal?
He used to bring the stuff on and he used to schlep out those different little TV tables. That's it. Right.
Like TV trades with prizes. That's what they were. I guess it's a low budget show.
J. Stewart. That's what it was. Well, I'm telling you. No kind of dance to it.
Oh, we're fine. I don't really believe that the dance to it is dead. I mean, just I just I don't know.
You know, I'm serious. All the different people over the years. I like what was his name? Larry Knight, aka Larry Stein.
It was a real name that it worked with me in Kalamazoo and in Sturgis, Michigan years and years ago in the 60s.
And he's dead. Remember that? He was a GBS very briefly and he's dead. He was the young guy and I got banned.
Stewart, he was the young guy. It couldn't have been like more than 40, 40 something. Right? Dead.
Boy, oh boy. It's just a scary kind of a thing. And I didn't see when I was home. Brian Andrews was on.
I'm one of the channels. They're a little Brian Andrews speaking of.
Faming. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. You said the story you reported earlier about the DJ with a coup.
Oops, I hate a coup. Hey, I was wondering if I could touch your pole. Yeah, but I bet it wouldn't be the first time.
Boy, oh boy. Talk about out of control. Oh, yeah. I remember what station he's from probably across the street.
Probably worse than sales over there. By the way, you folks over there at the ticket. You ought to be kissing each other on the lips.
You ought to be so excited about what's going on with our sales department.
I hate it. See, what did I tell you? These guys were supposed to come in now. The new regime.
And they were going to clean up all the mess that Greg left behind and screw in and what was his name?
Whatever it was. Or the Raymond, the Raymond Burr. Chris Raymond Burr.
What's the name Curtis? Guess what? You ain't seen nothing yet. Nothing but a mess.
We can't get a straight answer. Have you seen the duck master lately? Speaking of you fairly.
I don't care who you are. You fairly. I saw yesterday he's not going to be in today.
Oh, I see. Why is that? I don't know something.
We got an awful lot of that. We're not going to be in today's stuff going on in this place.
That's the thing that bugs me. And the way I look at it, if you're working like you're getting paid especially at decent amount of cash, show up every stinking day.
You don't say it's my idea. Except me.
Step one starts in the summertime. And why not that I'm counting the days of the week to the months?
I'm going to three months to let summer schedule George. Then they will fear you. Then you'll be dangerous.
Let's play chocolate salty balls until about four this afternoon.
This is me.
This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
That was wasn't right. Turning his back on the tree of that time.
It was in us to the left and right again.
All the brothers at Duncan's tank.
Better not talk about a rat. I've got a bad feeling call a roll. We'll attack him a face and forward to a big Southern fact.
I'll be sent where the left wingers go. My top secret is in the North and get mowed.
Never be mad. Be traced and listen to.
Raise our kids under house arrest. Get called names after one protest.
And take our music where they may let empty chicks go.
Over the last winter.
It's 11 o'clock boys and girls at 5.60 WQAM. We got gelledy at two o'clock.
Enough said. After posting the performance contracts of artists like Bruce Springsteen,
the Rolling Stones and you two, the smoking gun has finally obtained the backstage demands of a real rock star.
That's right. Below you'll find a copy of Vice President Victorany's standard tour writer.
The document is provided to hotels where the channel will be bunking and lists how the Republican polls down time sweet needs to be outfitted.
While the Vice President's request are pretty modest, no exact extract the brown M&M demands here.
Cheney does like to his suite at a company 68 degrees. And of course all the TVs need to be preset to Fox News channel.
DeCat coffee should be ready upon his arrival along with four cans of caffeine-free diet sprite.
And when Cheney's traveling with his wife Lynn, the second family's suite needs an additional two bottles of sparkling water.
Misers Cheney's H2O should be either Callisto Gore Curiously Perrier, a favored beverage of French terrorism appeasers.
The document prepared by the Vice President's advance team was obtained by the smoking gun effort was provided to a hotel employee prior to a Cheney visit.
When we asked Cheney's spokesperson's Annie Mayfield about the document's reference to gifts that hotels might leave it in suite for the Vice President,
she told us she was unable to address the questions since she hadn't seen the downtime requirements rider.
In fact, she asked for a copy which we declined to provide.
Our sources require three blacked out the handwritten name and Washington DC phone number of a Cheney staffer.
As for notations regarding extra-land specific newspapers and the KiraF, it's unclear whether they were added by an advanced team staffer or a hotel official.
And here's the, here it is.
Queen or King's size bed and they connect the womb to the parlor.
This would chair private backroom all lights turned on, temperature set to 68 degrees, all TVs tuned to Fox News, please let the advance office know if it is satellite or cable TV.
Microwave, coffee pot in the suite, brew decaf prior to arrival, continue for ice and the location of where the ice maker is located.
The location of where it's located.
Bottle water, four to six bottles, diet caffeine-free sprite, four cans, I didn't even know they made caffeine-free sprite, did you?
I think sprite is caffeine-free, out of the hands.
That's what I thought. Like, seven up.
Yeah, yeah.
Sparkling water, Callostoga or Perrier, two bottles of Mrs. Tandy's traveling with the Vice President.
Hotel Restaurant Menu, please also face the company's advanced orifice.
Newspapers, New York Times, USAID, a Wall Street Journal and a local paper.
If the hotel would like to put a gift in the suite, please let the advance office know ASAP.
Also, please make sure someone from the team or a super volunteer on radio is there to receive the motorcade upon arrival.
Your Vice President in action.
That's actually pretty modest considering what other people demand.
Exactly.
The entire two months with these celebrities.
Fox News Channel lights on 58 degrees, he's a happy camper and the restaurant menu so it can fill a sped face.
And the marching band.
Put more stress on it.
Put a lot more stress on it.
Other than WQA and what radio station do you listen to most?
Is our poll question on neo-argeers.com 750 votes.
750, we'll make that thousand more way.
Yes, you'll see.
Have no doubt.
I don't listen to any other station.
145, that's 19% 146.
It's just it's zooming up there.
19.1%.
Serious 112.
W-I-N-Z, that's Skirra Marrikay 84.
Y-C-790, that's the ticket 71.
Red Cotex, XM64, W-I-O-D 50.
Oh my God.
50.
We're talking Rush, we're talking the Schmidt Meister.
What's that Jack S. Glenn Beckrams with Dreck?
WBGG 42.
Gotta be Paul and Old Ron in it.
WLRN 37, magic 34.
Oh God, if they ever played good music it would be a miracle.
If they played the miracles it would be great.
WKIS 25.
KIS this.
Coast 16, love 13.
Power 9612.
WRN 11.
WMGE, radio smigma 11.
WVLM 9.
WKPS8.
WHDR7.
EBR6.
How about WODR, the odor on your radio dial?
Now what kind of name you're right quadrivian?
There's missing kids.
What kind of a name is that?
I mean, the service is badly overlord.
I've actually heard people name Purvis, but quadrivion?
Yes, that's what you're doing.
Wonder who ran away.
Y100, that's the EBR6 Y104 WQBA, like Cuban isima 11.
Wow, radio, more, wow, one.
We got one finally.
None for WRGP, that's the FIU station known, zero.
Even a kid they called in.
WGNA, WFDL, waves, MBM, radio, Mambi, radio, ritmo,
WRMA, radio, romansia, MIB, XDJCMQ, hot, SUA, radio, swave.
Not Colombia, but Nisima?
None, all those.
All those have the big fat, like that.
Even more of being virus by number like that.
That's seriously, how can you do a one-share on this station?
In fact, we've all, we still got some people on the other doing numbers that are so
embarrassing to me.
But nevertheless, long time AP Corresponded, I've said from job in Vermont.
The long time Teefe Corresponded for the Associated Press in Vermont has been forced out of his job,
stunning the state's journalist politicians.
Christopher Graff, 52, I wonder if he's came to Steffi Graff.
A writer who was in charge of the AP's Vermont Bureau in Montpelier was told Monday he no longer had a job.
Fired it in.
The move came after he put a partisan column on the wire, and as the news agencies consolidated some of its bureaus across state lines.
Mr. Graff, a 27-year Associated Press employee in host of Vermont this week,
I've Vermont Public TV for more than a decade.
Said he couldn't discuss the matter because he had cited non-disclosure agreement.
But speaking of news article yesterday by losing his job, he said,
it's a little like reading your obvictuary prematurely.
Jack Stokes, spoken for the AP in New York, confirmed that Mr. Graff was no longer with the company,
and said the AP didn't discuss personnel issues.
That's always the cop-out, you know?
We've discussed personnel issues, especially when we screw people over.
Candice Page's longtime reporter from Vermont, managing out of the Burlington prepress,
said the phone lines were burning up around the state.
He's a solid journalist that can't imagine why the AP would fire him.
Emerson Lynn, editor and publisher of the State Albans messages, said one clue to Mr. Graff's departure
might have been the AP's having told him this month that it was inappropriate for him to have posted a column
by Senator Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont on the wire.
Mr. Lynn said that for the last two years, the AP had prepared a package of articles about Sunshine Week,
in which media organizations advocate openness in government.
Senator Leahy had written a column highly critical of the Bush administration
on the matter for the American Society of Newspaper editors.
The column said, for example, that the foundations of our open government are under direct assault
from the first family in the White House in modern times that has openly hostile
to the public's right to know.
On March 8th, Mr. Graff posted Mr. Leahy's column on an advance wire that carries material
that could be used at later date.
He had attached an editor's note saying Mr. Leahy was asked by the American Society of Newspaper editors,
his thoughts on the status of the right to know for use in Sunshine Week.
The AP removed the column from the advance wire within an hour,
advised newspapers not to run it.
There you go, you see.
Dan Rather gets canned.
This guy gets canned.
That poor guy in St. Louis gets canned.
Just because he said that there was a bloodless coup when they stole the two elections.
Everybody said a coup.
That's right.
There was a big fat bloodless coup in the city center.
Oh God, like the pigeons out there.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
That's right.
Q.A.M.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Q.A.M.
Have you ever heard of Billy Graham speak?
Have I ever heard of Billy Graham speak?
Is that a language?
No.
Is that a double speak?
No, like I was channel surfing last night and I just happened to listen to him for a couple of minutes.
I got scared, you know.
So what?
Because the way he speaks about what's going on in the world and everything is,
I mean, believe it or not, whether you like it or not, you're sure that's a lot of influence.
Now, you say on your show that you're atheist and you don't believe in God.
Now, we know that because that might be your stick, but in your personal life, we don't know.
Let me say it again.
There was this got nothing to with stick.
Okay.
I mean, the whole God idea, such nonsense, man.
It's like for little children, it's like Santa Claus.
Near by.
You have to believe in something.
Yeah.
Yeah, believe in the dial tone and you're hearing what right now, no charge.
You have to believe in something.
What does that mean?
You have to believe in it.
You got to believe.
You got to believe in something like something.
I believe in pasta with butter and salt.
Yeah, I believe in any of the great.
That's right.
I believe in my dream field pasta.
My blood sugar was 78th this morning.
I'm still alive.
You got to believe in something.
Now, what kind of double talk was that?
So you're talking about something talk?
Christian brainwashing talk.
Garbage out.
He just redebubbed.
Giving a big name, speaking with scary.
Yeah, it's scary.
All right.
Thank you.
Still alive is scary enough to me.
Almost far missing a gram.
5607.0560.
Palm 560 and even rising.
Oh, it's just stick.
I'm just making it up because it's a very popular thing to do to say that you don't believe in God.
I was very popular to say you're gay.
Yeah, and that's even more popular.
WQYM, hello.
Hi, Filey.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, what I like about the Howard's commercial when it's done.
I got to hear it all over again.
Yeah.
All right.
Funny.
Huh?
I have no idea.
WQYM, hello.
Hello.
I'm sure Howard reads a lot of bedtime stories on the show.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Richard from Miami.
Oh, here's Richard Miami.
Hello.
Oh, you see how Richard's sending his Christian friends after you to see if you believe in God or not?
Isn't it really?
Yeah.
See that?
The Lord just smote him.
Well, actually, you people better start learning some phone technique.
First of all, get a decent phone that works with me number one.
And number two, I'll sign it to me like a verbal number two right there.
Can you smell it?
It's supposed to help the WQYM, hello.
It's climate Thursday.
WQYM, hello.
Mr. Rogers, are you, sir?
Okay, sir.
Mr. Rogers.
I appreciate you lightening the audience on your views over the past couple of years.
And despite what these people say, you don't need to have a stick.
You can just get on there and talk where you want.
That's why I mean, it's time to stick it.
That's my philosophy in life.
Stick it.
And you know, I have a question for you.
I've been ordering your CVs over the past couple of years.
How do we find out what is on that about 30 man TV?
Just go on our website.
It's got the list right there.
Okay.
And one more question, Hill.
Where can I get the mechanizer stick?
This is not on your can't get it.
Can't get it.
Where can we get all these bits?
Can't.
Subscribe to the Comedy Service that produced it.
Okay, that'd be a good idea.
We'll cost you too much.
Go to the grocery store and ask the stock boy.
Hey, where do you get going this?
Let me know if you see if they're carrying a brick.
Where do you get going this?
I'll ask Joe Bell.
Maybe he'll cut a copy for you.
Call up our new sales guy.
He ain't doing much of anything else.
He'll cut a copy.
He'll burn one.
In fact, that's probably what they're doing back there.
Now, if they're not selling or servicing anything, they're burn one.
So you're missing out.
Maybe that's how fat boy keeps his appetite up.
791 votes on our poll.
We'll make that thousand, man.
We'll have over about 850, but we'll see.
No sweat today, right?
No sweat.
No sweat ski.
No sweatsuit.
Don't listen to any other station 150.
That's 19% more.
Are we very proud of that?
Are we proud?
As we've discussed.
And we can only like, uh, reproduce those.
This is Neil Roger.
Now, the poll has it, folks.
Please 516-2A.
This is Gorton Lydia.
They don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
Yes, this is Al Rankin.
Now, I've been criticized for not knowing anything about radio.
Contrary to such allegations, I have indeed pervade said services.
As you will now hear.
My first gig, as you call it, was on WMCA.
In New York.
The star!
The star!
John.
This is a rather long rant.
John.
Now, you may find a newsman in the early of me spinning a song called Beway.
On such a hot day.
John.
Yes, I could be such a car.
John.
Yeah, it's 87WABC degrees outside on your home of a good guy.
WSME.
Yeah, no way.
I got that up, Faux Ponds.
Actually landed me a job on WABC.
Unfortunately, on the day of the 65 Blackout.
Help me make a decision.
Ah, yes, I yes.
John, here's the number one song.
All Americans, Swings, New York Channel.
John, can I get it?
I hit the phone.
It's gone.
It seems the lights have been extinguished.
Hello.
Can I go?
Oh, I see.
I have to cue.
Another record here.
Okay, here's a little number.
I'm certain we'll suffice.
Let's see if I can hit the post this time.
Oh, yes, I was.
It wasn't until several years later that I hit the post again.
Here's a song about the old family.
There was Baby Old, Papa Yole.
I knew.
I could do it.
What I did was I could find my laser light with the old.
The shower with Mama Yole.
And my precision time.
That is as beautiful as the talent is my.
I have a chance of a milestone now with Mama Yole.
You see it?
Yes.
He's the best.
Yes, he is.
And what he does.
And it's pretty weak.
1118 is 560 WDQAM.
Obrate, Henry votes on a poll.
Total piece of cake, man.
We'll slide by that thousand you even notice it.
Just another slider.
Well, here's a website you ought to take a look at.
Maker's SpendedAll.com.
Those people who despise camp and hear it as much as I do.
Oh, and by the way, do you hear about her plane?
Oh, brother.
I heard about her peanuts.
I told you don't go on those cruise ships.
Did not tell you that?
Yes, he did.
We'll get to that story eventually.
I think I got it in my pile.
All the way everybody's.
Cost the excursion.
Oh, no, that's another one.
This was a worse excursion.
Don't go on those cruise ships unless you want to go like down the avalanche.
Anyways, called makerespedidall.com.
And it shows the picture of a smiling.
She looks like a horse's ass if he asked me.
Mm-hmm.
Cool, little girl.
I'm going to put everything on the line.
I'm going to commit my legacy for my father.
10 million.
That's everything that I have.
It shows her saying that.
And then it says makerespedidall.
Tell Catherine Harris the US Senate seats are not for sale.
Donate now and help the Fendt Senator Bill Nelson from her latest shopping spree.
And tell all your friends.
And it's got a place where you can click and donate.
It says, hey, check us out.
We started with the goal of $1,000.
Blue past that, raised it to 2 grand.
Blue past that.
And now have a $5,000 goal.
Keep it up, makerespedidall.
We've raised $3,936.
And 4 cent toward today's goal of $5,000.
Donate now.
Okay, like that.
Makerespedidall.com.
You'll love it.
Send in a couple of bucks.
She did do them.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
He gave the Mahai dosage of medicine which increased their bleeding and they died from blood loss.
Dr. Louis Loai carried out his murder campaign over an eight to nine month period.
He appeared to be a hard working assistant doctor who selflessly made himself available for work in any part of the hospital which is the largest intercook.
He was especially willing to assist in emergency or malbent with 272 soldiers.
Police men civilians killed and 1220 injured and insurgent attacks.
The doctors were rushed off their feet and glad if any help they could get.
Nobody noticed how many patients were dying soon after being tended by the enthusiastic young colleague.
Their last words always were.
I'm dying out of here.
Dr. Louis was finally arrested only after the leader to the cell of which he belonged named Malai Yassin was captured and confessed.
I was really shocked that the doctor and educated men should do such things at Colonel Jack.
There you go.
That article written by Patrick Kassumner or the Coburn.
Former AIDS pills that are in Fidel Castro, this is in a hero today.
I'm sure everybody in their brothers all whipped up about Fidel.
Thank you.
Including your buddy Miguel.
That's why we don't have time to be doing more on the fundraiser because Miguel was busy researching the life story of Fidel and the full Hensiel Batista on all of these Cuban guys.
So obsessed.
Yeah.
That easy only guy knows got like Cuban baseball cards.
Speaking of baseball, how's my tickets coming?
You see way for you yet?
I have not.
I bet you Josh knows something about that with the tickets.
Yeah, I kept them all for myself.
No, not me and that.
I'm just.
I think they've been issued yet probably not too early.
No.
Because the first game is when April 7th home game?
Yeah.
Something like that.
You'll get them like the day before.
I see.
Well then you can probably handle them right to my house.
Georgia will take them off.
No problem.
The problem.
And then of course Miguel will like, you know, give them a song in advance and maybe a good answer to.
Go in here and cherry pick all the good games.
You know what?
A pasta.
A former age for handgun who's for a man that being field pasta.
This is like a new life for me.
I feel like I've been born again, baby.
Forget that religion crap.
Okay.
Gets you some low carb pasta.
Those of you who love the pasta like I do.
It just changed your life.
I'm browned at ground meat in olive oil, olive oil, olive oil.
Cooking up my sauce with some nice sliced black olives in it.
And then the secret is I take after I drain this, the two ounces of pasta after I cook it for eight minutes, after I drain it.
In the bowl I'm going to put it in.
I have like sliced up some mozzarella cheese, you know, fresh mozzarella.
Mm-hmm.
Makes about half a dozen slices.
And I put that in there and toss it all in this spaghetti.
And it melts into the pasta, you know.
Oh man, then you put on your sauce with your meat sauce or meatballs or whatever.
Sausages, little wine.
Man.
As part of Fidel and Raul Castro's inner circle, Delphin Fernandez learned titillating secrets, everything from one of the Cuban leader, incinerates his dirty underwear to his cravings for pricey Spanish ham.
Do you know he incinerates his dirty underwear?
I do know.
All Fidel's former golfer confirms to the heftier secrets that Cuba experts have talked about for years, how the brothers assemble dossiers and foreign businessmen who want to invest in Cuba for instance.
Its Fernandez's knowledge about Fidel Castro's dirty laundry, though literally and figuratively, that's made him a cost-element South Florida.
No detail about the Castro brothers seems too small for sharing with the world, at least in South Florida.
A sickness and obsession.
Fernandez's chief of bodyguards, Bienvenido Chico Perez, told him the Cuban leader has his underwear burned to foil any assassination plots with chemicals during laundering.
I never thought about that.
That's even better than a good likeness cigar on fire with explosives.
Remember that one?
I do that.
Stogi.
I thought it was like acid or something.
So you should have done what Sigourney Weaver did, like you have brushed it in half.
Fill it up, roll it up.
Right, mark it with a B.
And he knows Fidel's capricious appetite for a Serrano, hands having been sent to Spain to bring $2,500 worth of the Patanigra delicacy back to Cuba.
He knows well the cancer of brothers, doctors and children, having vacation with them at lavish oceanfront homes on the island.
So what does a man with that sensitive information do once he goes into exile?
Why he gets a study if on pay a gig on a Spanish language TV show in Miami, of course.
After having been a bodyguard of international stars among the Antonio Bandatas.
Fernandez, to Rubik Chatey and with a portfolio of sensitive photographs and a memory filled with intimate cancer morsels, arrived in Miami less than a year ago after living in his Spaniah for five years.
But already he's got a spot on new TV show on WJAN Channel 41 in Miami, WJAN.
I was assigned to take care of the people closest to Fidel so they don't like anything and don't feel threatened by anything inside or outside Cuba when I tell about these things on TV.
People see me and I start making a name for myself, he said.
Former CIA analyst Brian LaTella, senior researcher at U.M. Institute for Cuban and Cuban American Studies, said this week he spent hours meeting with Fernandez Miami really this year for academic research.
A lot of the stories he told me were fascinating. I found almost all of them to be having credible, almost all of them.
Got it? Got it.
Fernandez paints Raul Castro who runs Cuba's Armed Forces and by extension much of its economy as more practical and family oriented than his older brother and analysis echoed by LaTella's book after Fidel.
Raul likes the money, he has a transition plan for Nandor, said Fidel doesn't.
I think Raul would like to leave in the economic transformation, ultimately find a way to retire peacefully with his family with all the money he's stolen from the Cuban people over the years and taken out of the country.
Fernandez said he carried suitcases of cash out of Cuba for the Castro brothers.
The initial idea of Fidel was good, but Tista was an assassin for Nandor, said what happened was of course he took with the revolution was wrong, it is dissolved in this unstoppable and sassable corruption without limits of vast lie.
The people are in misery, Cuba's people have been enslaved as tea flavor for foreign businessmen.
Sound like the U.S. to me now.
Cheney in a bush.
Rumsfeld.
The fourth rank.
Sounds like a vista.
Old LaMesa, Fidel's burning his underwear and smoking a fat one.
This is a new Roger, this is five children playing.
Come in yours I'll show you mine.
Absolutely.
I think this new government.
But the away's a time.
The bushlings have fixed things up.
Be sure out of his mind.
Yeah.
There's so many chaos over there.
There's still been bullets in your hair.
I don't wanna hear from Bush.
That he's restoring peace.
How will we know it's a sea of sea?
Yeah.
What's that move from up the sea?
I guess we're knowing it's a sea of sea.
When you see more Mickey Gs.
McDonald's.
Number 33, $20.00.
We got Gully into this afternoon.
No, I'm Ad Dog today.
We got Curtis and Hooters and Durral at four o'clock.
Marlins on Dexter's 50.
Marlins in the match from Jupiter's 705.
Preseason baseball, a big ratings bonus and then of course Eddie K.
After the exhibitionist baseball.
Crimble the rack war veteran wins Democratic primary in Illinois.
Or some people say Illinois's.
That kind of an oiz when I hear people say Illinois.
Or like Chicago.
Crimble the rack war veteran.
Lata Tammy Duckworth has eaked out of primary win over two Democratic challengers.
Earn the chance to run a November for an open U.S. Congress seat.
There's nothing like an open seat.
That's what Duff always told me.
How's he doing by the way?
Is he a.
I don't care who you are.
You fairy Duckworth is running in the heartland state of Illinois.
Is the most prominent and more than a dozen of back war veterans running for
Orifice in November's midterm general election.
The Chicago Tribune gave her 43.5% of vote into this primary with 96% of district three precincts reporting.
She with three points ahead of her closest rival.
Democrats hoping they can regain control of the Senate and the House in November because
of public anger over rack and scandals of heavy Republican party.
Ever could a large number of her rack veterans for election races across the U.S.
A U.S. Army National Guard helicopter pilot in a rack duck word lost both legs
when her aircraft was shot down November 2004.
The neo-fight Democratic politician whose mother is Ties hoping to fill the seat of retiring
the Republican representative Henry's hide.
A member Henry Hyde who was having an affair with a guy from Western and ruled a guy's marriage in his life.
And lied and told a woman that he wasn't married and stuff like that.
That had a real bad Henry Hyde.
No, I never heard of it.
No, it had a nail his hide.
Anyway, a neo-fight Democratic politician.
She has received numerous high profile endorsements, including one from former Democratic presidential candidate John Carey.
And retired general Wesley Clark who said she eats one hell of a deli sandwich.
What a jackass Wesley Clark.
He turned out to be a big disappointment, huh?
We have such high hopes, huh?
Have it a song, high hopes.
Uh-huh.
Frank Sinatra, I bet you've got it.
What year?
Oh, I don't know, 50-something old, ancient.
From the movie with Grace Kelly.
Hi, I know.
You don't got it?
No.
Oh, come on.
Who old, baby?
Oh, yeah.
That's what they always tell me.
Uh-huh.
Other than WQAM, what radio station do you listen to most?
We got 800 and the 32 vote.
I told you, we get a thousand like just falling off a cliff like those people in the chile.
No problem.
I don't listen to this like a what's his name there on guiding light.
Well, that's what was really gone into the tank.
They're all go all the people are gone.
I don't listen to other stations, 157, 18.8%.
That's kind of like QAM guiding light.
All everybody's gone.
Sirius 122.
Couldn't be Howard.
Couldn't know.
It's got to be Martha Stewart.
W-I-N-Z 87, Scare America and your girlfriend.
Wow.
Who's on Lou Dobbs?
Somebody told me a couple of nights ago.
I told you.
I don't watch Lou Dobbs anymore.
Waxi 790, the ticket 78.
That's really great.
Those are must be people who listen to Joe Rose.
I mean, XM 50, 68.
Those people must listen to Joe Castella.
Well, that was a Lou Dobbs we just on there.
Good old Lou.
In fact, in my quality, he liked Lou Dobbs.
And I thought to myself, he had George probably put them up to it.
That's right.
W-I-O-D 53, W-B-G-G big 47, W-L-R-N 45, magic 37, kiss 37, W-K-I-S at 27.
Old home at Joe Bell.
Hey, did I like to have you back, Joe?
Coast 17, love 94, 14.
Radio Smegma W-M-G-E 13.
Now, which one is that? What do they play?
I don't know.
I got no on my list again.
Which one?
W-M-G-E.
Miami Beach Spanish.
Oh, that's why nobody knows.
Power 96, 12, W-R-M-F 11, W-V-U-M still to 9.
Micros and tholabia brokeach,
Robert Grieper, clearance.
By the way, clearance probably won't be back till tomorrow, right?
Because they lost the last night, so they'll be back tomorrow with them.
How about that?
Just in time to make sure the check shows up.
WKPX9,
Piper high.
Y-108, W-H-D-R7.
That's where it used to be, Zeta, right?
Okay.
And from what I'm told, really sucks.
W-E-D-R-6, W-A-M-R, radio amor is going to appear.
W-A-B-S waves.
I believe that's like Haitian Dominican melodies.
Q-B-A radio Cubanistoma 1,
Hought 105, only 1,
S elementa unos, not our crowd, man.
That's mostly white guys who want to be black.
W-R-G-P-O, and they got that hardest working guy in the fly-jock.
What's his name?
Tom Joyer.
Oh, God.
If you can't beat him, join her.
W-J-N-A, all these have none.
W-F-T-L, that's 850, boy.
That's the one normal can't use to be on.
And that's the one that Tabilla Riley's got on her with his point to share.
That was going to knock rush right out of the market.
W-M-B-M, W-A-Q-I, radio, uh, Mambi.
Radio rhythmo is got none.
W-R-M-A, radio romance,
even when Luis Miguel records they play their got none.
W-M-I-B, men in black, none.
W-F-D-J, none.
W-C-M-Q, none.
W-S-U-A, Colombian, uh, subversive radio, none.
Radio Suave, none.
Senior always tell me that all the, all these people, they're not.
They don't, they don't like us, they just, uh, obsessed with that other crap.
They're not listening right now.
They're laying out.
I mean, with the demographics that are, the way they're changing in South Florida rapidly,
it's a miracle that anybody who's fixing, we got any audience, you know?
See, nobody wants to take that factor.
You heard of the O'Reilly factor, that's the ethnic factor in South Florida.
No speak in English, okay. That's why we got nothing left.
Okay.
We like to, we like to, we like to, we like to go into a denies and like,
a hundred people trying to eat one of them, my mother hummer pies.
I'll, they do have pretty good mother hummer pies.
Hmm.
If you want to go to Denies, you want to go to Denies?
Oh, no, don't tell that to me again.
Don't tell that to me again about Denies and then I'll have to play that, uh, what?
That's right, that, that would be good.
Lanny is asked America, what they want, they did it all, you can eat breakfast.
There's no more than just a lot of food.
I'm not allowed to join them.
Making pancakes, today's any way I want them.
Oh, and sausages, those little sausages that look like dog turrets?
Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together, what is that?
I don't want it warmed under a heat lamp at some fast food place.
I want it warmed under a heat lamp at Lenny's.
Tell you how I want it.
I want bacon really fatty and lean so that when you pick it up, you sort of juke off your finger.
And eggs with the yolk broken so they're out of your wrap.
And I want it served by a fat zullen wafers or the moustache so I have an excuse to stiffer.
Hey, where are you doing bitch now?
And I don't want to stand in line, I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time.
They do that at Denies, Lenny.
America, there's a new all you can eat Grand Slam breakfast venue.
At Lenny's, it's everything you already expect from Lenny's, just a lot more of it.
At Room Temperature.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
A WAP!
FASKET!
Oh, what's the problem officer?
The boy from the vehicle.
What's that?
What's that?
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot.
But police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new law is an effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this.
They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise.
Perthings and fighting.
But the annoyings you others.
So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that the law.
The law.
The law.
14th Alonac, UM, which ought to be against the law of this place.
560-705-60.
Pound 560 under Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
Looking for a real runner call here right now.
We got a call.
It won't be long now.
You'll see.
WDQA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
All right.
I was wondering if you would read the older version of Shaney's writer on the smoking gun.com
from when he was campaigning in 2000 and traveling around?
No.
It's not that much different from the one you were reading before.
Probably the biggest difference is.
It's based on no time can any of the hotel staff be Haitians?
Uh-huh.
What I tell you about how long that call was going to be on?
Yeah.
Too long.
It's talking to talk about obsessed.
You were right yesterday when you nailed him.
Yeah.
I like him.
He likes him a lot on his to a tree.
Right.
Sounds good.
He's got a nose for a noose.
560-705-60.
Pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Talk about a one-note Charlie.
W-Q-A-M-Hello.
Hi, me Overs.
An underground.
W-Q-A-M-Hello.
Neil?
Yeah, underground is where you need to be, Reverend D'Affoni.
Yes, sir.
Neil, come on in.
Where is theus?
Hey, this week's New Times has a story on Mike Kersh, Channel 4, a reporter.
Yeah.
Did a story on the filing a complaint against another police officer?
No, the words of the few.
If you're out there and you have a problem with the police officer, you want all the different
police stations and try to file a or they sent somebody in.
They tried to file a complaint.
And apparently the police didn't like it, so they posted his name and address on their
website.
Right.
Perpped example of how the police are the biggest gangs there are.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Thanks for the bulletin.
56670560, Tom 560, they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Here I'll peel that guy's out of it.
W-Q-A-M-Hello.
I'm possessed.
W-Q-A-M-Hello.
Q-A-M.
Hello, who's this?
Who you calling?
Neil Rogers.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Who's this?
This is the guy who used to hate the no-name lady years ago.
Whatever that means.
Okay.
Everything's okay, man.
Everything is fine.
What do you got?
Not just calling to say, I still hate it.
Okay, go away.
56670560, what do you got?
Nothing.
Nothing.
We got nothing.
Just say, well, why would you expect anything after 30 years of nothing?
You're right.
Good point.
I think he's got his finger on it.
Somebody Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Yes, sir.
You know, by for high school, if you go one decimal point to the lab, there's a comedy duo,
Keen, you on there.
Oh, yeah, I know.
I hear they're going to be dead by the end of the week.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Canner.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, let me speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Wire, I want to speak to the real deal, not to the poster.
Yeah, likely story.
Neil.
What do you want, Pally?
What do you got?
I think you're the best.
Okay, great.
You got nothing.
Just like I said, what a jackass.
Okay, I think you're the worst.
How do you like that?
I think you're the worst.
Suckhole.
That's the expression that comes to mind when I think about you.
But that's why my 30th anniversary show back on the 1st of March.
Remember I took so few calls.
Now, long turned out to be Joe Castello.
Suckin' up.
Oh, God.
Man, that was a good thinking by me, because that would have been really ponderous four hours of,
Neil, you're the best.
Okay, great.
Boring.
Boring.
Minoteness.
Ponderous.
Say something.
Okay.
Say something.
Have an opinion.
Express something.
Can you do it?
No.
No.
No.
30 years later, they still can't do it.
I was thinking about that in the shower this morning.
Nothing has changed.
Nope.
Just the age.
The demographic has changed.
I was thinking about when Alan Courtney got sick and croaked just in time for the one I started
at night on WS News, which was, you know, good fortune on my part.
But I inherited his whole geriatric audience.
And so there I was at night thinking it was going to change the world, talking to people older than death.
And, did you?
And it was the same thing.
It was the same thing.
Every night I wonder, am I going to get any response to the matter?
What I talk about, what my guess might be, the same old crap.
I'm going to be spending about two thirds of my time bitching out the audience for their lack of any kind of response.
Here it is 30 years later, same thing.
Battery time…
Oh, that got a ton of brainw Nothing Really…
My boy Temperé ate the mask last night, but has no idea what happened.
Helloald, they happened to piss me off completely again.
Or glue?
Thanks to all your lovely neighborhoods in New diffuser, I shared all the moments and looks in hurry, changing, friend what I didn't remember all together.
And we'll be seeing how often you feel about it.
Well, I'm very happy with that to see you.
Nerd and great school and air left.
No.
Do you want it?
Were you a cool guy?
No.
It would be 20 years later.
Just a good ball.
Just a good ball.
Just a good ball.
A hockey ball.
You're writing a book?
I'm playing with your ball.
Yeah, play with this.
567-0560, pound 566, and a Verizon and a singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about the reporter who got fired or the DJ who got fired
for using the word Koon.
Yes.
You should have stuck to that more traditional school or dark school.
Okay, great.
567-0560 was great.
Well, it was great.
Well, it worked very well.
If he would have said it was a little bit faster, that would have worked.
Right.
Oh, God.
You people are so dumb.
The people that call radio talk shows, man, double-dense, taught us.
Not most of them.
All of them.
All of them.
Oh, you're insulting the caller as well.
That's correct.
I can't even imagine wasting my time calling it a radio talk show.
But that's, you know, that's, uh, make much to 11 as they say.
Yeah, it looked in steam.
875 votes.
We'll get that thousand.
No problem.
And you notice it's all in the same area today.
I was in the WQAM.
It's not going to work wasting your time.
Other than QA and which radio station do you listen to the most?
I don't listen to any other stations.
161, 18.4%.
Sirius, 131.
WYNZ, Skier American 95.
Waxi 790, 80.
Likely story.
XM70, if there's anyone that's free, that's the one.
WYOD 58, big 50.
Big deal.
WLRN 47.
Magic 38.
WKWKISS 27.
KISSIT.
Coast 19.
WLVE 14.
Radio Smegma MGE 13.
Par 9612.
WRMF 11.
KPX 10.
Then single digits.
The UM still 9.
It had 9 since we started the same.
Oh, I know why they got 9.
It's probably Robert Creeper voted the 9 times.
That's what that is.
Y109, HDR7, WEDR6, MBM2.
That's Hachemeltities for that guy that's obsessed.
Radio Amor II, JNA1, Waves1, QBA1, Hot1, and None for the others.
Including that FIU station that got called in.
I don't buy a waste of this time, maybe for the embarrassment factor.
Maybe he hates it there.
Wouldn't blame him.
WBQBA, hello.
Hello.
How are you today?
How are you today?
How are you today?
I'm great.
How are you?
I'm great.
I had to go to the library, boys, and I'm doing fine.
Thank you.
I just want to make a brief comment on the article the other day in the Southern
Sentinel about the cop who was dating a woman and had it out for her husband.
I've said that goes on a lot more than we expect.
And by so many attitudes that he's copped around here, it's really obvious that we're
just living in a Nazi world.
It's the fourth rank for sure.
And my back should pack and I'm heading out the door.
All right.
Good luck to you, sir.
Okay.
He's got his thighs packed.
He's on the way out the dough, okay?
Because the Nazis are taking over.
Well, guess what?
Where are you going to go, pal?
I'm going to go to Vermont where they fire newspaper reporters because they put a
liberal column in the paper on AP.
Maybe he's already in it.
He's already in it.
Just a time warp.
That's all.
Just the mustache has been changed.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, dare to be great.
Hello.
You missed one.
W.A.
Yes, sir.
Who's there?
There's a WQAM.
Hello.
What's going on, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
What about WDNA?
88.9.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Okay, go play some jingles.
Okay, go play in traffic.
Good.
God.
70 QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi.
Hi.
Hey, I went to meet Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
Hey, I didn't know if you caught the article today in the Sun, Satin Oro about one of Bush's
uncles, property in the bottom.
I think there's about 2 million bucks on the sale of a company that's doing a lot of
business tonight.
I'll be damned.
Let's do that.
Another thing is there's a book out called Confessions of an Economic Hipman.
I hope you heard of that.
No.
It's basically the story on how all the U.S. companies go into these countries, store the
pot in order to get big-back contracts funded by the world's monetary funds.
Just check those two things out.
You find a very entertaining.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pat.
I'll do that in my spare time in between plunging it with mine.
I'll do it.
Will you do it?
Why don't you do it?
No, I don't want to do it.
Do a little legwork.
Let's have a corner.
There you go.
Now you're catching up.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
That's more like it.
I don't want it.
800-E9 votes in.
The next arrow will be on top of our thousand and Josh is safe.
He can read easy for a second consecutive day.
Thank you, God.
Thank God.
Josh has been getting that full picture.
Of course, you already got it.
I should be getting an extra because that episode was an on last night.
I'm going to make out a check that's got all zeros on it.
Make sure that one's up front, bud.
You're going to get that award, man.
You're going to have all zeros.
The one is going to be on the back.
It's going to be a middle digit.
This is Neil Rodger.
This is Dick Cheney.
I like to relax my having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil
Rodgers 12th of one hour.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
I'm going to get that one.
Most of our lives
That's what ever we were given
Through the hearts of two weak women
A dress that we've got
We're dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead
We'll change your mind
And it's all the same heart
To my heart
The whole race has
It's all the fault that it still exists
We all not do
We will do it by who we would make
You guys
Trouble to it, five sixty W. Jim
So that story I think I was just talking about
I had a Google Bush's uncle, monkey's uncle
That's a Smurkin' chimps uncle
And here it is
Thank you very much
You see, there's a guy, I didn't say
I don't wanna
And by the way, I'm enjoying a little
Swiss, Emmenthal, Swiss cheese now
That sounds good
You know what you want to show up
I'm very important to you, that sounds good, I can't wait
Who today?
John Baker
For your father, for your father
Maybe that's where Duff is now
Trying to massage them over there
Make sure and mention Duff's name when you go to John Duff's Baker
Because he'll give you like a blank look
You mentioned my name, you have it as in garlic rolls with your meal
You mentioned Duff's name, you get a blank look
They'll look you right in the eye and say
I don't care who you are, you fairy
That's what they'll do
Anyway, as President Bush embarks on a new effort
To show our public support for the war in Iraq
And Uncle of the Chief Executive was collecting $2.7 million in cash and stock
From the recent sale of a company that profited from the war
How unusual, huh?
Just like Rumsfeld and the bird flu thing
And who was it, was it Cheney that had all the stock in the antaracts in the New York City?
It was Rumsfeld
Well, he's making some serious cash for God sake
We know a bunch of people killed
That's right
A report, he had no dummy that Rumsfeld
A report filed with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission showed that William HT Bush collected a little less than $1.9 million in cash
Plus stock bagged it more than 800,000, $2.7 million total
As a result of the sale of engineered support systems ink to DRS technologies of New Jersey
The $1.7 million deal close January 31, both firms have extensive military contracts
A lot of money in that war business, I'll tell you that
The older Bush was a director of engineered support systems
Recent SEC filing showed he was paid cash and DRS stock in exchange for shares and options he obtained as a director
Missouri based ESSI experienced record growth prior to its purchase by DRS
Both were expanded U.S. military contracts, many to supply current U.S. efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan
And an aggressive buy-off strategy into other defense contractors
I like that
William Bush, 67 SEC filing show exercise options on 8348 shares of ESSI stocks anyway,
Teen 2005, about two months after the stop order was issued and six months before it was disclosed, he collected about 450 grand in cash
Bush, known as the president's family, is Uncle Bucky
Oh God
joint ESSI's board in 2007, before his nephew became president
Bush, a former president, George Herbert Walker, he declined to comment yesterday
However, in the interview last year, he played no role in ESSI getting federal contracts
Does anybody believe that?
No
Anybody buying that pilot turret? No chance
So there you go, thanks for calling that answer, never would have seen it in a million years
Basically because the Sun sent the website sucks
In fact, it sucks so bad that it's the only website that I go to print a story out
Everything just like stops, it just sits there for like maybe sometimes two or three minutes before the start is going to
Maybe back printer does my thing do with Sun sent, I think that could be superstitious
No, not just superstitious, just to realize it's a waste of time printing to swill
Even a hero prints out
Other than WQA, what radio station do you listen to the most?
We got 910 votes, 910
I never heard of a station on 910, did you?
I can't recall one, 910
Anyway, I don't listen to other stations, 18.5% of this crowd 169
God bless them, God bless America
Serious 136, Howard Spurm
Oh, it must be all the Lynn Samuel's audience
W-I-N-Z, Air America 100, that is scary
Y-C-790, the ticket 81, Solomon Teo Chento Uno
XM72, W-I-D58, big 52
W-L-R-N 51, but they're so newsy, you know what?
Yeah
Although we do like that guy
He's okay
Send me a nice facts on my anniversary for last week
Which is more than I can say for most of the people in the business
Rich Rodden, nice thing, that was nice, he's a good guy
Cap and all, Cap and gown
Magic 40, WKAS27KISS, country kiss
The Johnny Darks still over there?
Yes, you've got to be kidding me
He doesn't even interpret it anymore does he?
No
But, now is that, remember that day?
You'll never forget that as long as I lived
One time we invited him in and we fed him in the whole deal
When he was homeless in the out of a job, whatever
After Cox brought Kesting stuck it to him real good
And, you know, and then all of a sudden, like about a month later, he shows up again
Oh, Johnny Darks out in the front desk, I want to, well, screw him
And even Carl said no thanks
That was surprising
Oh, let's see, Kiss 27, Coast 19
They're coasting over there
Love 14, love 94
Ain't been the same since Capri to the left
The bird used to be on that station too, remember that?
Right?
He used to be the movie critic
WMGE 13, WRMF12
Power 9612, I can't believe that
Only punks listen to that, they don't listen to us
KPS 11, you still listen to that?
KPS, I can't pick it up anymore, we're talking about that
WVLAM has got 10, oh, some of Robert voted again
Y110, HDR7, WEDR6, WMBM SOT
QBA2, WAMR, Radio Amor has got 2
The more we listen, the more we want to turn it off
JNA1, FTL1, wow, Waves1, HQT1, none for W, for RGP
That's FIU radio, nobody, including the guy I called it in
He's to embarrassed
Radio Mambe, WAQI0, WRRDO RITMO, RAMS with O, that's what they got
Radio Romance, M-I-B, F-D-J, C-M-Q, and S-U-A
Mostly no speaking English stations have all got the big in our crowd
That's fine with us, you know what I want to speak it English?
We don't want to know you
We don't want to talk to you, we don't want to smell you, we don't want to know you
Speak it English
Right?
Right
What? K?
K
WQAM O
K
Oh no, hello
Hey Neil, top of the morning
Yes sir, top of the afternoon
Hey, I got an idea, I want to feel by you
I'm not so much longer, are you guys going to be doing the QAM band, you know, promotions?
About five minutes
Oh really?
We're not doing that no more
Oh, okay, well
I turned out to be a pain in my grasp
Well, as long as I got you, I was going to suggest, you know, because sometimes, you know, you guys would announce the whereabouts on the van
On the same day the thing would be going out and for, you know, I'm thinking maybe if you guys announced the whereabouts like the day or two in advance, you'll be in the next six months ahead and put a marker on everybody's forehead, they still wouldn't go
Well, I don't want to cut the money loose, man, there are a bunch of cheap scates
Plus, you know, a lot of them are trying to, they don't have any, they don't have any extra cash because they're still trying to cover up their ass from mother hurricane, you know
So you're going to take a wrong care
John, sounds like a lot of stuff
And John, I had a couple of bucks burning the whole of my pocket, I was kind of curious if the thing was going to be out in the next couple days
No, the joy would take the cash, just drop it off the desk
Hey, can I do that? I mean, that's how I can still do spend the, spend the station and get the CD or a computer
Or a online, online
Online?
Yeah, online, but you'll see the big picture of the thing, the CD
Okay, very good, I'll tell you about that
Okay, thanks a lot, Polly
I've got a couple of bucks burning the whole of this pocket, well, we need a lot more people like that
Yeah, it birds
No, brother, if I had a million guys like that, yeah, I got a couple of bucks, so I'll take the two million, won't see me no more
Oh, God, maybe I'll get lucky if I didn't win the lottery last night, so I'm just going to smoke one eight and a half million now, cash, tax free
True
One is $649 lottery last night, it wasn't me, I got the ten bucks, spent a hundred and got ten back, I can do better than that, it would buy it
Get only back to 10% of investment, that lottery man, it really sucks all the one, here's good because you get all the money
And then that powerball thing, remember a couple weeks ago, we thought it was like one guy, one, eight hundred and fifty, how much was it?
Three fifty, yes, really?
I forgot
Two hundred and fifty million
And that's where God had to be all of them, seventy a-hoo's, it all worked together with some like, East hardware or somewhere, you remember that?
Right
They put everything in there, no, they were coal miners, there was something like that, they were much of mine
There was something, there were a bunch of miners and the church was interested
Ten past nine and at five sixty, WQAM, we got the Geldie at two o'clock, he was going to be just on Cloud Nine
Because the Panthers won again, his Panthers won last night, three to two over the Washington Crapidels, and they now got sixty nine points, who would have never believed it?
They won four in the row, seven out of eight, they're hot as, they're like a hot tamale man, like a hot tater
So I'm sure he'll be talking about that, which means it's total tune out
Then we got Curtis at four o'clock from Addog till six fifty, hooters in derral, Marlins in the Ametz, follow that excitement at 80KF to the baseball game
And that's our word we didn't line up, no hang tomorrow we got Boen in the morning, keep you in the assack, it could be sound asleep
More Geldie again tomorrow, why Tati, he must be tight with Robert and the, I'm thinking he's too tight with the beast, Robert and Clarence
Oh he's Jewish, Hati
Oh ha ha, there it is, what do you think about why he was on?
That's a third of it
Mad Dog is back tomorrow, so that's what we got, it ain't much but it's the best we got, we got no one permanent person in that two to four
Because what's the big rush, that's what Joe Bell says, what's the hurry, you know, we can do better in a one
So if we do a one five I guess then that says five to four we do
It's very strange your mentality, strange, Robert is fast known at QIM
Yeah
I have no, we've been more than a model too
Sister G, the dance machine, dancing and learn only faith
She'll knock you off your feet, when you hear her whaling shake
I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the music turned me on
I know it sounds happy but I'm so not bad, I knew it, it ain't gone
Sister G, a swing is done, a shake is bound to, don't a fight
Notting bad for 85, then then nothing really well
Here is their truth, the dance machine, till here's their truth
The dance machine, till here's their truth, the dance machine, till here's their truth
Here is their truth, the dance machine, till here's their truth
The dance machine
All that is our right is made by God.
That is our right is made by God.
Thank you for the love of Jesus.
Thank you for the love of Jesus.
And, Genevieve, we know a proof is hardly.
It's 1218 and 560 W.Q.M. 938 votes on the poll.
I told you we get over 1,000 by the end of the sour.
Did I? That's our goal.
Is that your goal?
No.
Oh, I could cure less.
Chile bus crash feels 12 U.S. passengers
on Port Everglades, Von Cruz.
I keep telling you people, don't go on those cruise ships.
Your wife or girlfriend are both of them.
We're going to get raped in it.
Maybe you're going to get murdered, robbed, pillaged,
and plundered and looted.
And maybe dead.
Santiago Chile, a bus warped to avoid an approaching truck
and tumbled 300 feet down the mountainside
northern Chile, killing 12 American cruise ship passengers,
U.S. and Chile, and officials said.
It was a Jew group.
I just got through reading that somewhere.
I don't think that's an answer.
They were old.
Old Jews?
Very old.
Oh, probably from sunrise.
Although it says here, they're not that they weren't
from Florida.
The two surviving Americans were in stable condition.
Two surviving, 12 dead, two surviving, not a good percentage.
2 out of 14 is 14%.
Two Chileans, the driver and the tour guide, also were hospitalized,
said one Carlos Polly, a city hospital in the Pacific port,
the city of Arica.
The tourists were returning to celebrity cruise
and ship millennium from an excursion to Laucan
National Park when the bus plunged off the rugged highway
Wednesday near Arica, 250 miles north of Santiago.
Polly said the bus which had a capacity of 16 was totally
destroyed.
They said the embassy was sending consular officers to Arica.
The victims were all in their 60s and 70s, I say.
Old Jews.
The millennium was docked in Arica.
And the Miami-based cruise line ship said,
the ship will remain there till further notice.
What's left of it?
It's been scheduled leave for Peru early today.
I like that.
The cruise line said it was flying
family members of victims to Chile
and sending a specialized assistance team to the ship
to help its guest and crew.
When are you people going to get with it?
Celebrities cruises by the way which is owned by Miami-based
Royal Caribbean cruises limited, said the
prepeter without a failure with the cruise line.
Get them off the hook, you know what I'm saying?
Celebrities been in the public eye because of the disappearance
last July of passenger George Smith the fourth
from a cruise in the Mediterranean.
They find his ass yet?
No.
Not even any of them.
In December, five Italian tourists were filled
on the island of Madera when a Portuguese tour bus
crashed, Survivor said the driver was drunk.
Now, always a good idea to hop on those cruise ships, man.
God only knows what kind of swirly you're going to encounter.
But then again, spend a fortune arm and forelegs.
And you know, even if your wife gets killed or something
might give you half your, my or maybe give next cruise
60% discount.
On your next one, right?
On the next one, right.
Oh man, if they got a sense of humor or what?
How is that pool coming?
Neil, I'm so glad you asked.
We got 8, 9, 44.
Oh, this is going to be really tense to see if we can do it by one.
You know, we have to keep setting it
like in track and field, you know?
What?
It's like they keep setting the bar a little bit higher.
Oh, I don't.
Yeah.
Or pole vault, right?
In fact, that's what we're doing.
We're doing the pole vault.
See if we can hop over that 1,000 mark by one o'clock.
We keep pushing the bar back a little bit,
making a little bit tougher and tougher and tougher until,
it's kind of like what the management does for all of us.
Making it as tough as humanly possible.
It's the QM obstacle course.
WM QAM, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
On the pole.
Hello.
I'm listening.
Yeah.
On the pole WLR and OK, is the other station?
Is that so?
Yes.
And when Neil just said it was 14% of 2 out of 14,
that was the 2.8% survive.
No.
Yes.
2 out of 14 is 1.
2 out of 7, 2 out of 14 is 1.
7th, 1.
7th is 14% and I'm sculled.
Get out your advocates, OK?
Don't mess with me on math, mister.
But he said it was point.
They are what's the point, schmuck?
14%.
14%.
Am I right?
Do the math.
Oh, you're going to make me get my calculator?
2 out of 14 is 1.
7.
If you've got to get a calculator to do 1.
7th man, you don't lose it.
I don't remember.
Wizard.
I'm a wizard.
I had 99 algebra 300 years ago back when I was in school.
When I was a child.
400 years ago.
I know worthless history.
You know math.
I know my math, mister.
That is correct.
Don't mess with it.
I know my presidents.
I know my math.
And I know my harness racing.
My hockey.
My wood vine.
Nothing else.
I don't know my math.
I know my hot young guys.
Other than that, I know nothing.
What is it?
I said, I don't know my math or yours.
Well, good.
I've seen a few good numbers.
And I'm sure you have two.
Yeah.
I cannot.
I cannot die high.
Josh has seen a few, but he just don't recognize them when he sees them.
Even the women.
Sure I do.
948.
Oh, you're eating the lunch came from a John DeVaker.
All right.
For your father.
For your FODDR.
For your father.
Be sure to tell him that Neil sent you.
I get to the street garlic rolls at John DeVaker.
Because otherwise, Duff is going to come in and cry tomorrow.
Yeah.
Grow up already.
We have pleased my God.
What are you going to do about it?
You fail.
Right.
And by the way, it would be nice to get like a straight story once a month.
You were right on that one too the other day.
Expecting a straight story on something from her.
Wow.
That is hysterical.
Study shows bird flu virus infects the body too deeply to spread easily.
It's in there too deep.
I'm going to have to talk about the BG's, how deep is your flu?
Yep.
Scientists say they found a reason that bird flu isn't spread easily from person to person.
The virus concentrates itself too deep in the respiratory tract to be spewed out by coughing and sneezing.
When in doubt, spew it out.
There it is.
BG's.
Are they holding that note, Arthur?
You sure are.
They're holding it.
They're holding it.
Not more than not holding it.
Not most of them.
Indeed.
Let's see.
Who's more or less died over there?
He had that bad burger and any guy that had an impacted fart.
And then we had Andy give that a long time ago.
A little drug problem.
A little bit.
A little bit.
And so who's got, who's left?
Very is left and who else?
Very rhymes with.
You fairy.
And then Robin.
Robin.
Robin.
Robin with Robin.
That's right.
Nice glasses by the way, Robin.
He's either one with an silly ass laugh.
Yes.
Yes.
He's the one with a teeth.
No, no bridge have any teeth.
Well, I know they're not brits, but they might as well be.
But the virus could change that behavior by genetic mutation, taking a step toward unleashing a worldwide outbreak of lethal flu.
These stories, man, this is the USA today.
They tell you why it's not going to happen.
And then they will.
But it could do this.
But it would be, but it would be experts said the new fighting doesn't indicate how likely such a pandemic is.
They don't give us a number like a 14% chance, 2 out of 14.
1, 7.
The virus may also need other mutations to take off in the human population.
They said still the work suggests a particular sounder watch for a new virus samples.
Help gaze the danger to humans.
Be afraid, baby.
Be panicky.
Hide out of the bed.
Get your viscene, your duct tape, your powdered milk, and your tuna.
Call off what's your name? Jessica Simpson.
She'll get you some tuna to see.
Chicken.
Yeah, I'd like to say.
Not me.
I know.
The work reported in Thursday's issue of the year old nature comes from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, a virologist.
You should hear, oh,
Kawaoka.
With colleagues in Japan, similar results from Erasmus Medical Center and Rotterdam, the Netherlands will be published online today by the Journal of Science.
Similar results.
More than 180 people have been known to be infected with the bird flu virus H5N1.
Virtually all are believed to have caught up from infected poultry.
Don't be pentalo birds.
Not anymore.
But scientists have long warned that the virus, which is prone to mutation, could transform itself into a version that spreads easily from person to person,
that if you're in a quick touch of a pandemic or not, it's been around 10 years.
Ordinary flu viruses spread when infected person coughs or sneezes.
Oh, God, what an old Chinese people start doing the swapping, it would buy.
And sneezing, oh, God.
Breathe in another direction.
You idiot.
For that to happen, the virus has to be perched in the right place to be ejected by a cough or sneeze.
The new work suggests that H5N1 by it has to be perched by contrast in fact humans too low in the respiratory tract for that to occur.
Got it?
It's right down here. It's low. It's my feeling mighty low.
I guess it would be too if you had that crap.
Don't be letting those out pigeons in your house.
I still can't get over that.
And air every now and then, they're always out there in the patio making those cooling sounds.
They are the most annoying, I know.
I take back what I said about 10 William's shooting the pigeons with BB guns at Fenway Park in the spirit time years ago.
Good job Ted.
Now what do they froze his head?
He had a good head on his shoulders.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
It's the Geltie warm-up show.
We love the panthers.
They win every day.
Oh yeah, they're kicking ass.
They're kicking some serious ice over there at the macarena.
He's seen you run QAM.
We don't have any National Guards in them because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
That's the National Guard.
Pardon?
That's the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard. No.
Don't go, don't go.
I hear talking.
You might be part of that.
Why should you get your blood?
You might.
You should be strengthening someone else.
You should give me a precious pass.
I know you should.
For a total stranger's sake.
Only this is great.
But for the last time I've been able to live without able to win.
It's written that my mother can't tell me I'm bigger than cry.
Don't want no outsiders in the water, talking about.
I speak directly to God.
I got paranoid.
And any card, liar, is hurt or vain.
And I'm the Lord of the lives.
Try it on you in the name of Tursion.
I have a friend of the conscious system of the Tursion on my toilet paper load.
Shoddy's are my friends.
I like to hold their shop and oily hands.
My channel is...
Shoddy's are your friends.
Will March on Austrian.
Once we take it, I run.
I like to be.
So I like to be.
I want you, baby.
Do by everything.
Deep level of poor stickers on your issue.
27.01 a.k.a.m.
Israel-Ib-E-Difted US policies got it charges.
I thought we were going to do that.
This situation has no equal in American political history since the 83 paid study.
The Israel-Ib-E-Difted US foreign policy.
So you're eating and I'm gripsing.
Why has the United States been willing to set aside its own security in that of many of its allies in order to advance the interests of another state?
Ask authors John Mearschreimer of the University of Chicago and Stephen Waldole, the Johnny of Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
The answer to the paper which is already stirring debate in academic circles and fury among pro-Israel groups is the influence of the pro-Israel lobby.
These groups include the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, APAC, the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations, the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs, the Washington Institute for Near Eastern Policy and More Recently, Christian Zionist Organizations, Hubman Dread.
A shorter version of the study was published in the London Review of Books on March 10th.
The authors say the research is so strong that they doubt any US mainstream publication would dare publish it.
How do you like that?
Yeah, it's the right.
Based on sources that include, are you start with anti-Semantic stuff again?
No, you are.
Based on sources that include Israeli scholars and journalists, international human rights organizations, and testimony from lobbyists, self-impauletitions that supported.
The study examines how the pro-Israel lobby built up its influence in Washington and says its intimidation of the press, think takes an academia, has led to a deceptive picture of Israel.
Since WWII, the US has channeled $140 billion in support to Israel notes the study, which also challenges the notion that Israel is a crucial ally in the war on terror because its enemies are America's enemies.
Saying that Israel and the USA united by a shared terrorist threat is the casual relationship backwards rather than the US has a terrorism problem in good part because it is so closely allied with Israel, not the other way around the office argue.
In short, treating Israel as America's most important ally in the campaign against terrorism and assorted Middle East dictatorships, both exaggerates Israel's ability to help on these issues, and enrores the ways that Israel's policies make US efforts more difficult, they said.
How's Israel's drone doing, by the way?
Well, it's the end of the world.
According to the study, pro-Israel lobby groups have exploited these sensibilities of major media outlets that have US politicians to campaign contributions to maintain their sympathy for Israel regardless of what it does in the region.
During Apex annual conference earlier this month, which attracted top US officials and congressional leaders, the new Republican majority leader in the US House of Representatives, John Bainer, but I've never to allow anti-Israel legislation to come to the floor.
As the new House majority leader, I can assure you that under my leadership, legislation that is anyway perceived as anti-Israel will not be considered in the House said Bainer.
The study also points to Washington's staunch support of Israel at the UN.
Since 1982, as the US has vetoed 32 Security Council resolutions critical of Israel, a number greater than the combined total of videos cast by all the other Security Council members, and it has blocked Arab states efforts to put Israel's nuclear arsenal on the agenda of the IAEA.
At home, the lobby has worked hard to suppress its critics, something the author say has not been good for democracy, especially one now that claims to be promoting freedom in the Arab world.
Silence and skeptics by organizing blacklist and boycotts, or by suggesting that critics are anti-Semites, violates the principle of open debate upon which democracy depends they be saying.
The study was immediately attacked by a number of pro-Israel organizations, what a surprise. The Committee for Accuracy and Middle East reporting in America, for example, said in a statement that it had many areas and that a student submitted such a paper would flunk.
Elliott Angle, a Democratic Congresswoman from New York who just happens to be Jewish, said the New York Sun really deserves the contempt of the American people and described it as the same old anti-Semitic anti-Zionist dribble.
The Sun known for its pro-Israel stance public support of reactions to the study from a prominent white supremacist and from the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as evidence that the others catered to extreme tastes.
We fully recognize that the lobby would retaliate against this for Professor Mirshamert's whole IPS. We expected the story we told in this piece would apply to us after it was published, but not surprised that we would come under attack by the lobby.
The paper notes that the pro-Israel lobby has also been bolstered by this for the prominent and some would say extremist Christian evangelicals like Gary Bauer, no relation to Papa Bauer, Jerry Falwell, Ralph Rue Ralfouried and Pat Robertson, as well as Congressman Dick Army and Tom Delay, all of whom believe that Israel's rebirth is the fulfillment of biblical prophecy and supported its expansionist agenda.
Neo-conservative Gentiles such as John Bolton, Robert Barley, the former Wall Street Journal editor William Bennett, the former Secretary of Education.
Teen Kirk Pactrick, former UN ambassador and the influential Communist George Will are also committed supporters of the Israel lobby.
The situation is deeply worrisome because the lobby's influence causes trouble on several frontes of the study, including possible increases in military danger that all states face, including Western Washington's European allies.
But nevertheless, there you go, sucking up heavy duty.
Lawyers follow a motion to declare Lionel Tate incompetent, good old Ellis Rubin, a lobby got nothing to worry about with LSE your side, I guarantee you won't be in a slumber order sixty-seven years.
How's Ronnie Zamora doing? How's he doing?
Just turned a hundred. Lionel Tate's attorney filed a motion yesterday asking for the team to be declared incompetent based on the letter Tate's send of judge this week asking him to withdraw a guilty plea to robbing a pizza delivery man.
How about declaring his attorney incompetent?
Tate, a convicted child killer, was once the youngest person in modern US history sentenced to life in prison, sent him a handwritten letter to Robert County Circuit Judge Joel Lazarus that he can prove he didn't commit the May 23rd robbery.
He had a hidden wish to withdraw his no contest plea for violating probation.
The team should be declared incompetent because he does not have sufficient present ability to consult with his lawyer with a reasonable degree of rational understanding and has no rational as well as factual understanding of the proceedings against him.
Defense attorney Ellis Rubin wrote in a motion filed Wednesday in Robert Circuit Court.
Ellis Ellis Rubin, I've been thinking the Euro defense is really stinking.
Tate had acknowledged that the March 1st guilty plea was in his best interest but wrote Lazarus without telling anyone Rubin said.
Based on that letter he doesn't understand what's going on. That's not rational conduct Rubin told the N.P.
Let's have a hearing to see whether Lionel can think straight or not.
Tate pleaded guilty to the armed robbery and admitted that he had violated probation by possessing a gun during the crime.
The pizza thief. You know there's nothing worse than a pizza thief.
Amen. And look what happened. Let's see him no more. Don't see him around no more.
He's busy doing to fill ins up there in the earth somewhere.
A station that nobody ever heard of before on like a grade Z sports station. He doing to fill ins.
Hope they don't wrap it too tight.
1240 20 to 1 at 5 60 W like a lot of our colors. They're not wrapped too tight either. How are we doing on the pole?
Let's check. 9.74. We got 20 minutes till the top of the hour. We can do that thousand by one o'clock.
Because we know we're going to do over a thousand. That's a given. That's a give me.
Is that what the sports nerd say? Oh, this one's a give me.
So you're out on your on your card. You're done.
Yeah, unless everybody just let everybody else go is out now.
But I did well in the beginning and then Fizzle out. Yeah. Fizzle out.
It's like sitting down a woodbine and a thousand on the video in the first few minutes and then giving it all back another thousand.
Good start. I'm happy in there.
Josh though I bet you're still alive.
I don't think I can win at all, but I'm, you know, I'm there.
You're in the hunt. I'm in the hunt. Yeah. I don't have any give me stuff.
It's in the what note? Hunt.
Oh, H-U-N-T is in Howard H-T.
19 to 1 if you am. Well, you really are sick, man. You are so sick. What are we going to do with this?
Serams would sick. He put the P in sick.
Beach Ford is going mad. It's madness in March all this month of beach Ford.
They just missed breaking their all-time record in February and just to make up for it,
they're going to break that record this month through March. Right now extended camp for F-150s of beach Ford.
I was always too forward in nine a month.
It put only 995 down plus these are the pro credit for your nine monthlies.
Madness in March of beach Ford means you must be mad not to take advantage of rebates and discounts.
About the ten thousand dollars on all new and use vehicles right in for you right now.
Now, if you're not in the market for a new carbon, notice somebody who is sending them into beach Ford
because if they take the liberty during this month, beach Ford will send you 200 bucks and cash
just for sending their ass in and keep in mind again.
The $200 won't affect your friends. Price they won't tack it on because that money comes from their advertising budget.
Don't miss out on this once a year event. Beach Ford's madness in March going on right now.
Extended camp for F-150s, lowest 249 a month. This counts in rebates up to 10 grand and $200 and cash just for sending via friend.
So hurry in beach Ford you'll find two miles east of the golden glades.
And once it's your third speed in West Exe highway guarantee it's an old brainer.
You'll love your beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
Up the butt.
If you got more than that puck around the ever-saving fish, this is you!
Get the car back!
For a goal.
Hi everybody. That was me. I'm the voice of the parents.
How you doing up there in Baltimore?
It's in the mountains off your feet.
I told you I did it times last.
Now I'm going to change the face of budget conscious sport whole radio.
Starting with an interview with a generic sport host.
I don't like to fire under the airs entertainment.
I don't matter who this is.
They all sound alike.
Call the tape. Do what they say.
That's the doing the sense of you with me.
I'll make 100% effort to perform well.
Say yeah. How come all you sports guys are like that?
So fat you are sitting there.
Stupid.
Well, we have to go to college but never really attend classes just like...
Not too smart is the situation we have.
You think Raven about male acolytes and worshipping their jacks' hats is a little...
Hey!
Just a little under your...
Curious-eye?
Maybe...
Stretch it out. I have to see it in a few tight butts.
Don't it is, I'm...
We like women. We're a program to do so.
You're right.
I'll sign a one-show.
You whether he or he would talk about girls.
It is a little...
We are?
Okay.
There are two or three very lonely men with very small things who need to hear this.
But you say next.
Point to the...
Okay.
What day?
Call 47. That's the little preview of what's coming up at 2 o'clock.
Controversial Charlie Sheen's 911 review begins to attract media attention says raw story.
Doesn't come any raw than raw story.
What are you guys eating today by the way from...
I had a chicken Caesar salad.
John Baker, yes?
I had a sausage and pepper and a Caesar salad.
And a Caesar salad but Noah's sloppy sausage sub?
No.
Not today.
Why not?
Well, it's kind of sloppy.
How about some of them big garlic rolls?
You need to wear an apron and gloves unless you want to take a shower afterwards.
Yeah.
I thought that was just to visit the QMT room.
You need an apron and gloves.
What about the garlic rolls?
Oh, they're here.
Yeah.
I'm not eating any.
I'm staying on the street there.
Well, good for you.
I had a few.
I had a few.
I had a few.
Not bad.
I'm probably about...
And interview with the Charlie Sheen is beginning some steam on Monday.
Sheen started the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men.
And the multiple Oscar-winning film Platoon.
Talked with GCN Radio Networks The Alex Jones Show.
Speaking of a loose change.
And explain why he had trouble believing the official 911 story advanced by the Bush administration
and the 911 commission.
It's like they want a pigeonhole all of us into conspiracy nutbags when we're not debating things
that are related to UFOs bringing down the towers of Building Seven or the Pentagon.
And so it feels like there are things in there that we're not to conspiracy theorists on the particular issue, said Sheen.
It seems to me like 19 amateurs with box cutters taking over four commercial airlines
and hitting 75% of their targets.
That feels like a conspiracy theory.
It's all what he's saying.
See an end showbiz that I played extended segments from the Sheen interview last night.
Then followed up with an extended discussion on some of the unanswered questions
with the producer of a National Geographic documentary on 911.
And the media coordinator of 911tooth.org.
I'm one of these people who believes that anyone who takes everything that's been spoon-fed
to us by the government from wherever about what happened on 9-11 is being naive.
Showbiz tonight anchor AJ Hammer admitted during the broadcast.
When I say this to people sometimes, they look at me like I'm kind of nuts.
And they go like, just like that, they go.
Earlier Wednesday, Jones complained of a mainstream media blackout on the Sheen interview.
Despite a huge reaction amongst the alternative media to Charlie Sheen's comments on 911
and part due to a brief link on the Fudge Report, which was mysteriously pulled after a few hours.
A Richard Mellon scape must have been on the phone with Miss Fudge.
Newswires and entertainment outlets have actively sought to impose a blackout on the story.
Jones and Paul Joseph Watson wrote a prison planet.
Court of Jones and Watson, a major wire service expressed interest in writing an article.
But Jeff Williams of the LA Associated Press Office allegedly informed them,
I know all about Charlie Sheen, I don't care what he says before cutting off the phone call.
Or I know about him.
The Sheen story ran at a few conservative websites on Wednesday including human events online and red state
referring to Jones radio show as left wing or liberal.
Sheens interview started to become fodder for the gossip column.
As he does that word again for your fodder.
Today's edition of the New York Post contains a paid six item on Sheen,
though the the famer and online gossip site based in LA first wrote it up Tuesday.
Charlie Sheen is joined the 911 Gone Vokras Brigade reads the post,
the right wing post that's Rupert Murdoch, the two and a half men stargabey,
bizarre interview on the GCN radio network's conspiracy-minded Alex Jones show,
in which he suggested that the federal government was covering up what really happened on 911.
Also today the Boston herald another right wing, a rag, took note of the story
in its inside track section calling Sheen the estranged husband of the these Richards,
who is better known for his affinity for prostitutes and gambling than his online security credentials.
See it's the old smear and smear man every time.
What does he do?
Many outlets may be shining away from the interview due to the fear of being associated
with the controversial Alex Jones, who has written extensively about a purported plot
by several governments to compose a new world order.
According to Wikipedia Jones rejects being labeled a conspiracy theorist
and prefers to be known as an independent investigative journalist.
Let me say that I've been a fan of yours for a long time, Sheen told Jones in the interview,
I've been a fan of your documentaries, your research is tireless and interesting
because a lot of these guys just sort of look behind their notes
and you start to discover their inconsistencies, a lot of the claims they're making,
which torpedoes the credibility of most of their substance, but with you that's not the case.
I'm going to give him a big kiss.
Addition like serves from Sheen and a view taken from a transcript made by Human Events Online.
Couple of paragraphs.
There was a feeling you just didn't look any commercial like any commercial jetliner I've flown on
any time in my life and then when the buildings came down later on that day,
I said to my brother, call me insane, but did it sort of look like these buildings came down
a controlled demolition?
Everybody's not familiar with the famous Andrew Card slice Bush Earwishbert Elementary School.
He says that whole incident is problematic to me.
It was broadcast three days in advance.
His schedule was.
So conservatively, if that event was broadcast live, how many people in the state of Florida knew
where he was at that specific point in time?
If he was being informed, the second plane hit in Mirko is being attacked.
Isn't he then putting everyone in his immediate circle at great risk?
It seems to me upon the revelation of that news that the Secret Service would grab the present
and remove him as if he were on fire from that room.
Never thought about that, did you?
No.
Because strategies don't go together overnight for a major invasion, they're very well calculated
and very well planned, at least in this government.
And a statement that Bush made following, what did you think when the first plane hit me?
Said he was watching it like everyone else.
I guess that's one of the perks of being president.
You get access to TV channels that don't exist in the known universe.
Yeah, we're all watching it live.
Aren't we when the first plane hit not?
Right.
No.
We're watching the fire, watching the aftermath and the afterbirth.
People came running in the studio and said, oh, a plane hit the World Trade Center.
And we all turned it on because we were watching some filthy stuff.
Mm-hmm.
So there's Charlie Sheen, by the way, I would watch loose change, but if that doesn't inspire you, nothing will.
991 will have that thousand by the top of the hour, Josh, you're safe again.
You are safe.
All right.
Means you owe me a thousand dollars.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Count 5, 60, and even rising in singular wireless line.
In fact, if we get to a thousand by one o'clock, all the votes we get in the one and two hour, Josh,
it shows me a dollar for each one.
We got nine to any four already.
So you better get that razor to that.
You better start jumping up and down like Rumpel Stiltskin and getting some acorn or deal.
I just, I don't understand it.
I mean, it just ignore you now.
It's because that's because you're associated with the show and you're not Jewish.
Here's what's to understand, okay?
Yeah, nothing.
There is no deal.
Even Mady Hall can't believe it.
Let's go back to that again.
Deal or no deal.
And you're saying no deal.
How about raw deal?
We just had raw story.
Yeah, he got that deal.
You got the raw deal?
I did.
Some people like raw deals.
Some people like raw.
I like raw story.
That's a damn good website, baby.
We got a link to that on our thing or not.
We probably do.
We better have.
Better have one, Eric.
Link to raw story.
I don't want to get butchie and butchie with you, but let's go.
Now, one of your very favorite websites along with the capital hill blue dot com.
Yes, it is.
And the smart wing champion.
Of course, the smart wing champion.
We've done that.
How many QA and?
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I guess they're saying that Charlie she part of the.
A little macro skills, the F.A.
What?
Yeah, they don't act or skills.
I can't.
Yeah, F.A.
Yeah.
One thing I just want to give you a bite.
Break down of the of a previous schedule.
Serious.
Only.
Every time except pretend to do when you're on.
Obviously.
Thank God.
And most of the time, I mean, I try to get into the mandage, but you know, when he gets into that basketball craft.
That's a long way.
Yeah, but other than that mandage is good.
All right, Neil.
Love you.
Thanks.
Well, there you go.
Okay, serious.
Now, the fact that the matter is, and now again, we said what radio station other than QA.
I'm now serious the next time we're on a station, but it would have been really stupid if I wouldn't have put those on there.
You know, I did some stupid things on this pool, but I'm not that stupid.
Because Moe taught me one thing.
You don't want to be called stupid.
That's right.
Thousand one.
You don't mind being called like, you know, other things.
Like the pipe smoker and gladisoned.
What was it?
Gladison one.
Ginger.
Oh, ginger, ginger, Rogers.
Other than QA and we got a thousand and one votes, Josh.
Man, you're going to be in the deep due due by two o'clock.
You're going to be in the minus column.
I know it's in any other station.
18.5% of 85.
Our loyal Neil Rogers listeners.
Thank God for them.
Damn, God.
They glued to it.
Or maybe they got the crystal radio.
Sirius 147.
Sirius' kickin' ass is all-howard.
I'm sure.
Or maybe Martha Stewart.
Or maybe Alins Samuel's that fag-haag.
Wions E. Skir America 109.
Waxi 790 88.
Uh-huh.
XM 78.
Joe or Joe Costello and the who else?
Opie Nathany.
Opie and Anthony.
That's right.
That got screwed over by Howard Stern.
WLRN 63.
WYOD 63.
W Big 58.
Magic 43.
Kiss 31.
And after that, they're not kissing too much.
This is Neil Rogers.
The water to two o'clock.
The president late Tuesday striking back at his critics, both Democrats and Republicans,
who charge the administration is dropping its guard by allowing an Arab company to manage
six major USC forces.
Who's just throwing its president in?
He's fight but dumb-witted under the surface.
What's this thing with a UAE?
Controlling our portees, breathing us confused.
I get out of the camera and I'm already controlled in America's ports.
Every joint's that he makes is another mistake to you.
First of all, first of all, let me say it.
He sure makes no mistakes.
Kiss because no doubt by God but no one knows.
Or should be tired of what's more than we bear.
Becoming petty as no great deal.
Who are well-used dreams for our getting stronger?
I think it's important to friends around the world.
What can do a good company from one country to manage support?
A country that is placed by the rules and has got a good tracker record from another party.
What are you going to do about it?
You failed.
Okay, now we're talking.
101 and 560 W.H.M.
It's our big gigantic smelly 1 to 2 hour.
Happy a Thursday to you.
Sometimes the Marling game on, oh damn it, 650.
Too late.
A new poll shows voice slipping into South.
Conservative comments blames handling of Iraq public relations.
In other words, the facts are what's the bottom?
That's right.
Just to hand do in bad PR.
Republicans are losing ground in Georgia and Florida over bushes handling of the Iraq war.
According to a new poll, pebied by conservative comments raw story is discovered.
The poll which has surveyed 4,000 people in southern states finds that Bush has hired his approval ratings
than approval ratings.
He won both states in 2004.
Georgia and Florida excerpts from the column by Matt Lowry, a one-time staffer or former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
The final comprehensive results of the poll weren't complete when this column was filed.
Over 4,000 interviews have been conducted high ever enough to render persuasively alarming news for the GOP.
For example, in the popular states of Florida and Georgia, more respondents want the Democrats to control Congress next year
than they do the Republicans in Georgia and Florida.
Bush won both states in 2004 and yet he now has hired his approval ratings than approval ratings.
In Georgia, his disapproval rate approaches 50% and Florida is 55%, 55% are to be 95% of any of you who have got a brain.
It gets worse for Republicans.
To which we say, all right.
Initial polling results seem to show that the disapproval of Washington Republicans has started translating the possible votes against you
if he candidates this fall in statewide races back home.
Most of these are races in which Republicans will expect to hold obvious upper hands.
Lowry blames Iraq.
These symptoms of these simple truth about all this is that while most Americans are wild about the Iraq venture,
it's not something that dominates their lives and thoughts.
More accurately, it wouldn't cause them dark dreams if the President would stop picking at this geopolitical scab on his face before it becomes a gaping wound.
Oh, he's picking at it.
The press is scoring at will to quote the sports phrase to set another one.
Georgia W. Bush is getting an assist on each of their goals.
Every day with each new speech or press conference on Iraq, he voluntarily digs himself deeper and deeper into a hole.
The media simply reports on his descent.
Soon he may dig himself through the other side of the globe and pull his party mates in Congress through with him.
He can only hope and pray from his mouth to God's butt.
Oh, please.
Yes.
5670560.
Let's take off Florida calls.
They Theo Florida calls this hour.
Count 5605605.
Let's build it up.
Let's heat it up for Guilty.
So when he's just in the chair, he'll have a hot butt.
Karen said he already does.
Hey.
Hey, how are you?
What is it?
I said, hello, Nina.
How are you?
Okay.
Hey, listen.
The last night, Shaq is going to pay your bills.
No, okay, great.
Oh, so boring.
We care about the NBA and Shaq and all the garbage like that.
We want to see it on Hitler.
5670560.
Count 560.
The Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
But don't all do respect to Pat Riley who loves this show and has got enough brains to realize this is where it's at.
Thanks a lot, Pat.
It's where it's at.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, it's you little buddy.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey.
Yeah.
This accruciate fire off Jamaica.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Since I have no life, I went online and I found out.
I have no life.
Yeah, I found out most working Saturday in New York.
I plan on calling him and trying to have him have a meltdown.
Okay, good.
Thank you.
Too good.
You did it.
Too quick of a finger thing.
He was doing a really good.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Not too bad.
5670560.
Boy, look at this phone, man.
Pretty weak.
Pretty weak.
Wait till I have 14 minute delay catches up though.
That one, once they catch on, it will be in big trouble.
5560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Your thoughts.
Ha ha ha ha.
Your thoughts.
Yeah, we have a little.
Bob, that's your thoughts.
Hey, if I were to wrap you up thinking the same thing.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM.
QAM, yes.
Patient.
Okay, great.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, I'm a bin over here.
I'm a bin over here on university and Miami Gardens Drive.
You think you can get Josh to bring the promotional van over?
Yeah, the van will be there in 10 minutes.
Okay, no sweat.
Just hang out.
Just hang your head out the window.
We'll find you.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Did you know on March 28th on NBC, there's a new show, apparently, that Phil Henry is doing.
And?
A TV show.
Are you sure?
I can't believe that he's actually going to be viewable.
He definitely has a face for radio.
Yeah.
I don't know if you know.
Yes, boring.
We don't care.
567, we don't care about Phil Henry.
What's the word?
Okay.
What's the word?
Total cell out, total phony.
And you know, he had that really, originally unique act that there was really unique and original for the God realist Dale.
56705, 60.
How's Margaret doing?
Tom 560, the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, I'd like to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
How's it going?
All right.
Hey, listen, have you seen the smartest men in the room about the Enron scandal?
No.
I suggested checking out.
I saw it and it blew me away.
These guys and the bushes were in cahoots.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
So I was going to grab it, okay?
I'll grab it.
All right, man.
Thanks for your permission.
How come we haven't heard about those energy meetings, those secret energy meetings?
How come we haven't?
Because America likes some survey and the media subservient and then Democrats are a bunch of whims.
That's why.
How about you, Kenny Boy?
It was in those meetings, you know, Kenny Boylay that used to be their good, but little Kenny Boy
that they never heard of before, just like Jack Abramoff.
Who's that?
Who'd that?
Yeah, never met him.
Every single time.
Who'd that?
And a publicist, Bobbi?
Bobbi, you see, Eddie, that's why this show is so beautiful because it really reflects,
that's just Florida or South Florida, it reflects America.
I mean, Denver then saw us, man.
You can't complain about the education in America because there isn't much of any.
Most Americans haven't got any idea what any place else is like.
They think there's probably four feet of snow here on the ground because I'm in Canada, you know.
That's the only thing when I was here.
It's when I always thought when I was a kid.
First time you were a kid I'm there.
I think you're pardoned.
I thought you were a kid up there.
No, I'm a kid when I'm down there.
63, I'm like a teenager.
Now there's a lot of young people here.
I'm an old fart here.
Believe me.
Old.
Ancient.
And proud of it.
Old troll.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
You were talking about cruise ships and I didn't hear you.
The story of the 15 year old drilling girl got drunk on one of the cruise ships and went right on over.
What just took it over the railing and I was about to ship.
You didn't know that and you didn't get out of the port yet.
She did what?
She could think that's out.
She was buying two 15.
There was some in the back.
Of course.
On the cruise ship.
And she went to puke over the railing and saw off at the center of the center.
It just happened a couple of days ago.
I'll be able to go there.
You can't wait to do that again.
Could you understand what he was saying, man?
It was the muchest sound of the phone.
No, it was true.
It was true.
It was over the railing.
Maybe he was puke and maybe he threw up a little in his mouth.
Well, I was trying to tell him that's true.
I wouldn't blame him.
Sounds pretty gruesome.
Somebody QAAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
How you doing?
Great.
Still doing great.
Great.
Listen, just to let you know, cruise ships, listen to this.
Okay.
We're not interested.
But we hope that the two of you have a sweet time.
Somebody QAAM, hello.
QAAM.
Next grade, but they're still around.
Oh, yeah.
They ought to be around.
They're not turning, man.
Right now.
I'm certainly going to look as good as they used to.
But they're just as annoying.
QAAM, yes.
Yes, come on.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
How you doing?
Good.
Yeah.
Hey, we're all right.
Another marshy phone.
I don't want to talk to people with marshy phones.
Okay.
You got a bad phone, stay away.
I mean, with technology that we got right now, even on my blackberry, I can make a better
call and love you, or make a new phone.
And these phones are yours.
It's crap.
It's a swell.
Have a swell time.
So let's see.
How much is Josh Ome now?
Well, I say $10.00, reach vote over $1,055.00.
$550.00.
It's only $110.00.
All right.
I'll pay you when I get that deal done.
You're going to be broke.
Yeah.
When you sign that big deal, man.
When Norma can't get you to be a deal done.
You know Norma?
Who's oblivious?
Oblivious Newton, John?
Oh, brother.
I could have been a contender, baby.
I could have been a something in my life.
I was watching at Mike Wallis thing last night with the Larry King, and I'm thinking thinking
about that last lunch I had with Larry on the busking bull about at a restaurant no longer
there.
Busking at $1.25.
I'll never forget that day.
What a what a BS artist.
I talked to Bill Vines and you're going to have the $7.10.00 I OD.
It's all said, I'm right.
A man who BS is way to making millions.
And still to this day, never pay back any of the people he reproffed dime.
Oh, it's a nice dispenser solar and a nice bag.
You know what's how Mike Wallis kept winsing and winsing probably could smell that bag.
The slop over.
Mike Wallis is 88.
He don't look a day over 90.
You know what?
He's okay.
I showed some clips of the old interviews he did with people that he really pissed off.
It was good.
Nice go on Mike.
And then Chris, the son Chris who looks who looks the ever see Chris Wallis.
No.
He is the most bizarre man.
He makes Gilbert look like Brad Pitt.
He's the most bizarre looking thing.
Wow.
He looks like the spaceship must have landed a long time ago 58 years to be exact.
And he was the first one that crawled off.
Very strange.
Maybe that's why he's unfoxed.
It's a strange network for strange people.
Surprise.
Cheever by the dozen.
And the pig tater.
They all have one thing in common.
They're all bad remix.
Starting speed.
Mark.
A skee.
Ne.
Now Hollywood's biggest hack is back with a Steve Martin remake collection featuring classic
films rehashed as only Steve Martin can.
Like?
Gone with the wind.
Frankly my dear.
A skee.
Ne.
Faxy driver.
Are you talking so neat?
Well, it's steed.
Ne.
Titanic.
Steve.
He is made.
I'm King of the world.
Find a Steve Martin remake collection today and then do as Steve Martin does and buy it
again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
Oh, too based.
Once a sneak in at 5, 60 WQAM happy Thursday to you.
Restaurant beef turns into a brawl.
A stop at the drive-through turn ugly for a paper pie spam that just wanted some fries.
a lot of the teach you people to meet in fries. What about you about that? Quit eating them damn fries. Oh, they're good.
Not good for you. No, kill you.
Kevin Gillis didn't have it his way when he pulled into a Burger King drive-thru to buy some fries for his kids.
He argued with the clerk over the chains. Things got hot. The next thing Gillis knew,
police said the clerk had climbed out of the drive-up window, stuck her pants in the face and lunged at his wife.
The Pemper Pies father pulled into the drive-thru lane of the fast food spot near I-595 and University Drive and David
He said, every afternoon, ready to pay for two orders of fries for his daughters ages 4, 6, and 7.
They were greeted rudely by 18-year-old Michael Perez, according to Dana Gillis, who was sitting in the truck with her husband, the girl squeezed in between.
He sent to the $5 bill from my husband's hand said Dana Gillis 38.
Kevin Gillis wanted to give the employee some extra change over to get the bills back. Perez said, it's too late. I don't want your change, said Dana.
The two men, what if she's kidded Dana Bash?
Was that Dana Bash? That a Bash.
The two men cursed at each other. They were so loud accustomed to the car behind Gillis that he heard the heated exchange poll.
Perez hired a few days earlier to a police that Gillis insulted him with a racial slur.
The Gillisers had started to pull forward to get their food with Dana Gillis saw Perez, 6192 pounds, climbing out through the drive-thru window.
I told my husband, he's coming, she said. I got a line for that, but we've been in our way to enjoy it.
Perez reached through the driver's side window and punched Gillis in the face, leaving a small cut police and
Dana Gillis got out of the truck with the daughters and said Perez lunged at her. I thought he was going to hit me and it was going to hurt, she said.
No, he was going to hit you, but it wasn't going to hurt.
Kevin Gillis jumped out of the truck and tackled Perez on the curb. Burger King employees called the police who arrested Perez,
he would charge with burglary and battery, held with up onto the brown County jail.
I like that. I like it. I just didn't even give it their way, huh?
They got it some way.
Now Tank Carter has even more time to think about how much he enjoyed that Super Bowl party.
You know Tyrone Tank Carter? No.
Oh, that's not the same person. He's the brother of Tyrone Carter.
How much did Josh knew that? I did not. Oh.
A judge increased Gill time from six months to five years for the brother of Steeler Safety Tyrone Carter
because he failed to report to prison on time for driving when they revoked license, suspended license.
Tank Carter went to the Super Bowl instead, said he had no regrets. He was to report to a
brown County prison January the 6th, but decided against it when his brother told him the
Sealus had a good chance to go to the Super Bowl. Even knowing what I know, I would do it again.
It was the greatest game in my life, said Carter, who watched the Sealus beat Seattle from a 50-yard line
in Detroit, February 5th, and partied with rapper Snoop Dogg after the game.
Tyrone Carter said he would do the same thing for his brother.
The two have been close since growing up in a rough section of Pompato Beach and winning the Super Bowl.
And we finally made it together, Tyrone, said on Tuesday,
Robert Circuit Judge, Stanton S. Kaplan, up the Gill time from six months to five years.
So I'm glad they had a really good time because my brother might have some more really good time.
You don't know. That's right. From Pompato Beach, no less. Wow. How embarrassing.
That's where Pompato Park is. Other than WDQ, I mean, by the way,
if you see Troy Stradford, just smack him up the side of the head real hard.
I mean, that was from Neil. I will then run.
Why is that? Oh, that's right. He was a football player. That's right.
Yeah, but he was the soap. Although he was the guy that told us about that Dau Body Worsh.
Well, you know what that means. Yay.
Thousand and the 48 votes on the poll.
I don't listen to other stations, 192. Other than QM, what radio station you listen to the most?
Damn, music station. Don't listen to other stations. 192. Serious 158. Not a station but a radio.
W. I. Z. One 16. Not a station but a river America.
Why actually seven? I need the ticket. 92.
XM 79 W L R N 69 W I O D 65. That is disconcerting.
Let's be some Nazi spies. Big 58. Magic 45. Kiss 34. Coast 22.
Gloves 94 14. They've been on stuck on 14 forever and they should be. They should be stuck.
Radio Smaigma W M G E 14 W R M F. Rock and Mother 13 W K P X 12 power 96 12 W Z U M 11.
Oh boy, they move it on up. Why 111? W H D R 9 E D R 7.
Radio on Morse 3 W R G P. And F I U's got a pair. I'll ride W F C L 2 waves 2.
I think that's Haitian W M D N. What is it? M V M 2. I think that's Haitian.
For that guy that's all whipped up into a frenzy. Probably wrote one of them jitties and got pissed off.
Don't get on there again, idiot. W Q B A La Cubanissima 2 W G N A 1 W H H 1.
And that's it. Radio Mam B and Radio Rimo and W R M A and W M I B and W S D J W C M Q
N W S U A Radio Suave. Out of 19 out of 152 votes.
Out of 19 out of 152 votes. Among the all of them. Among in between the all of them. Got nothing.
Oh, here's this guy that wouldn't want to spec on my uh, fax machine. Back on my printer.
Maybe the Democrats are starting to grow like a little teeny tiny something. You know, a little
thought at first. Little fuzz. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid called President Bush dangerously
incompetent yesterday and said the administration ought to be doing more to prevent increasing sectarian
violence in Iraq. Whereas Condoleezza Rice, why isn't she over the Middle East as the chief
diplomat of this country should be trying to get the political forces to form a government over
their Reid tool, the A and P. Rice is currently in the Bahamas to meet with 14 foreign ministers
in the Secretary General of the Caribbean community and Common Market, a regional trade block known
as Kerakom. Reid said the U S was failing three different ways in Iraq military efforts have
lagged. The economy is crippled by decreased oil production and frequent power outages and
attempts to form an actual unity government are behind schedule, he said. Criticism of the
president's been steadily increasing among Democrats in fellow Republicans while Bush poll
numbers continue to slide because of the war in Iraq. The much criticized effort by an Arab
company to oversee a operation operated some U S ports and the government's response to Katrina.
Many lawmakers tried to distance themselves from the president as congressional elections
draw closer. Why is he spending time with these leaders in the Middle East trying to get
this government formed Reid said as he land-based of the lame effort? He described the conditions
in Iraq as low-grade civil war. I don't know how you define civil war, he said. We know they're
killing an average of 50 Iraqis a day. It's at least a low-grade civil war, that's for sure he said.
We've also responded to comments the president made Tuesday when he said a successor in the White
House would like me to be responsible for deciding when U S troops leave Iraq. To me it shows how
dangerously incompetent he is Reid said. Stay the course, mission accomplished, bring him on,
the American people are sick and tired of that. We need to change course in Iraq. I think the
president bearing his head in the stand is not going to do the trick. The ostrich president.
There's a fact you just sent. Oh look at this. Yeah well there's more to it. That's just the first
page. Oh my god. Yeah. Woo! We're coming up to the 10th anniversary of the death of she,
103.5. So this post should be in a pro-asset say we've done this one. We could do it again.
What a radio station or a format you missed the most? AMNFM and PM and VM. Let this be music.
I miss radio. Maybe someday we'll get back into it.
Now with his coverage you must say that. Is he deaf again to give him a kick in the ass?
Oh he might like it. Going from left to right on AMDOT start with Ken Maub Maublin,
Modlin Maldon and Larry Stein Nights at 710 GBS. It says why isn't Ken PD of QM? What's wrong
with you people? Oh he don't know part of that. I'm sure. He'd like to live a few more years.
790 WF UN. Oh. Do we have one? I'm Tinguus? Oh yeah.
Un-beelavable. 940 WINZ with Cousin Brucey before went to New York when the station was
top 40. Cousin Brucey sucks. He's an idiot. He's a real A-hole. And or when they were a semi-decent
all-news format being balanced with talk at night when you and Stan major with their. He sucked
with Joyce was mildly and owingly entertaining. Joyce? Oh I see. He sucked Joyce I see with it.
What are their collaters this year? The effects of WINZ? Talk about a bunch of morons over their
chief channel. Maybe they'll recover another David Ross is out of there. 1320 WLQY Hollywood,
the music of your life. Well what is it? Oh God. This goes on and on about Russ Morley. I know he's
an idiot. All right man I find a wall about him. He was a J&O. This is from a radio group either
a radio group or a more likely a radio inside person. TMI. Where is the music? A party radio.
What I want to tell you about party radio by the way how long that would last that stuff that
that the Europop tech what it was? One dance song over and over again. Yeah the Roode.
And then Zeta for you. Well what? Maybe we'll do that full again before you get a life already.
So I have no idea. If the audience could see the length of that facs in the verb you're
in there on and on. Oh God. So you want me to send you a page too? No. No thank you. In fact
thank you for saving another maple tree. A thousand and fifty-eight votes on a pool. Let's see
you know even the definition said he'd be J&O like a friend if he could ever start selling.
132.28 before our golly and two o'clock in the two before revolving slot. Here's the facts it says
Neil I saw a too good movie there yesterday both have very intensive and interesting twist and
climaxes or can't say that. Give a history of violence and the ice harvest look I've seen a lot
of good previews in the stuff on history of violence. I want to see it. I'm going to get it. It's
okay. You see I just saw it over this past weekend. Okay but not great. It ain't great. Okay.
Oh well. Got a copy of it. No. No. Well why not? You know we keep bringing you all these movies.
I'll tell you one thing the way I'm giving you the new deal. Yeah who's we? Me and George.
What do we have you giving me besides you know the sleepy one?
To George. Did you know that one of the girls on the L word is one of the former members of the
murmurs? I do know and I just looked her up and the answer to the question is no she's not cute.
I don't case you a time but I've heard you say that you watch is she hot? No. Is the show good?
There are lesbians. Then it says in Pete's life and sign Tarpoon or is that Tarpoon's
Tarpoon Springs? I don't know. Tarpa, tampon whatever. So don't see a history of violence like
I don't know. It's alright. It's not great you know. On a scale of ten.
I'll give it a six. We sent you. So we give you some other movie that you watch.
Why don't we give him that we forced him to watch that he actually liked? Well he said we.
I don't give him movies all the time. Where did you send? Well something that I sent you and then
you gave him. Whatever it was. Maybe I didn't. Although we do have a thousand seventy four votes at
seven hundred forty bucks. I was thinking no actually what he ought to do is just endorse the
check and send it back to me next time I said one or better than yet I just won't send it.
I just did. Accept it. What are you going to do about it? You ferry.
Here's John Nichols who not only writes for the nation on a regular basis but also is
author of a book called The Rise and Rise of Richard P. Cheney unlocking the memories of the
mysteries of the most powerful vice president American history. John Nichols he's excellent.
One of the best on the nation. You read the nation? No. Oh well when you put the stories on
the you don't detect the nation. You read it. Who is the right. I check the nation. All right just
checking. Todd the softball question during Tuesday morning's press conference about whether he
should be censured for ordering warless wiretapping a phone conversation during a time of war.
President Bush fell back on the lie that Americans must have rendered liberties and the rule of law
itself in order to be made safe from terrorism. The question they virtually verbatim repeat
of talking points circulated by the Republican National Committee was about as generous
as set up as the president's ever gotten an oppressed conference. Thank you sir began
Carl Cameron who serves as Fox News is always on vended knee teeth corresponded in the Court of
King George. On the subject of the terrorist surveillance program not to change the tone from
all the sentences on bipartisanship but they have now been three sponsors to measure to measure
the censure you for the implementation of that program. The primary sponsor Russ Finegold
suggested that impeachment is now out of the question and on Sunday the number two Democrat in the
center refused to rule out that pending investigation. What sir do you think the impact of the
discussion of impeachment and censure does to you in this office and to the nation during the time of
war and in the context of the election. Bush was needless to say to ready for the Cameron inquiry.
Grabbing hold of the time of war references the life saver was intended to be the president said
I think during these difficult times and they are difficult when war at war the American people
expected to be honest and open debate without needless partisanship and that's how I view it.
I did notice that nobody from the Democrat party is actually stood up and called for
getting rid of the terrorist surveillance program you know if that's what they believe
if people in the party believe that they ought to stand up and say it.
They ought to stand up and say the tools we're using to protect the American people shouldn't be
used. They ought to take their message to the people and say vote for me I promise we're not
going to have a terrorist surveillance program that's what they ought to be doing that's part of
what an open and honest debate is. Of course no prominent Democrat has ever suggested public
review order to the extent that reporting is revealed privately that will be wise to do with
surveillance programs that are designed toward terrorism. What Democrats and Republicans have
suggested is that the president ought to obey the law when ordering federal agencies to eavesdrop
on U.S. citizens. This is long by the way so I'm just warning you in advance.
Finally as fine gold the Democratic Center for Wisconsin raised the issue of censure last week
noted on Monday and as press conference today the president once again failed to tell the American
people why he decided to break the law by authorizing a program to spy on Americans on American
soil without court orders instead of offering any defense of the program's legality the president
shamelessly played partisan politics by implying that Democrats don't want to wire tap terrorists.
This is flat out wrong and the president knows it. Of course we should wire tap suspected
terrorists and on the current law we can the question is why the president believes he needs to
break the law to do it. If Bush had acknowledged he legitimate bipartisan concerns about his
spying program and if he had pledged to obey the law in the future it's doubtful that the issue
of censure would have ever arisen Bush knows this. If despite his pronouncements Monday he's doing
everything he can to prevent an open and honest debate by murking things up with false
charges and claims regarding his critics. The prepped president used Cameron's question as a
jumping off point for an even more surreal assault on the truth when he attempted to confuse Americans
with regard to the recent Patriot Act debate. I did notice that at one point in time they didn't
think the Patriot Act ought to be reauthorized they being at least a minority leader in the Senate.
He openly said as I understand I don't want to misquote him something along the lines that we
killed the Patriot Act said Bush and if that's what the party believes that to go around the
country saying we shouldn't give the people on the front line of protecting us the tools necessary
to do so that's a debate I think the country ought to have. What the president conveniently failed
to mention is that Senate minority leader Nevada's Harry Reid voted with the vast majority of Senate
Democrats this month to reauthorize the Patriot Act in the form favored by the administration.
While reading the number of Republican senators had earlier expressed support for efforts to
temper some of the Patriot Act's most clearly unconstitutional components a fell in line with the
president when the votes were counted. To their credit a barbed-hearted encolition of House
and Senate members refused to do back the Patriot Act in that final version not because they
want to take away the tools that fight terrorism but because they believe he's did Benjamin Franklin
that those who would give up a central liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve
neither liberty nor safety. What Gloucett and Nicole for open and honest debate that was really
carefully choreographed attempt to create a false divide between supposedly tough on terror
Republicans and supposedly soft on terror Democrats is the fact that some of the most conservative
Republicans in Congress including California representative Dana Dorebacher the chairman of the
Oversight and Investigates and Subcommittee on the House International Relations Committee and
last year representative Dan Young the third ranking Republican in the House who services a
key member of the House Select Committee on Homeland Security sided with fine gold and opposing
the authorization of the Patriot Act in the form promoted by the Bush White House arguing that
there enough laws already enacted on our votes today that we don't need to create further laws
that impringe upon the Constitution rights of every Alaskan young said announcing his opposition
to the Patriot Act I still feel this legislation was never fully thought out we were asked to put
together the legislation that we thought would safeguard us from another terrorist attack
in the process we created a bill that I feel takes away our constitutional freedom over four years
have passed and there have only been a few essential elements added to this bill however overall
this is to lay bad piece of legislation young said those are the words that a prominent member of
the president's own party if George Bush was genuinely interested in opening an honest debate he
would acknowledge that the issue is not whether Republicans or Democrats want to fight terrorism the
issue is whether it's necessary to disregard the Constitution in that fight if Bush believes that
his is the appropriate course then to paraphrase the president himself he ought to take that message
to the people and say I promise that I won't be bothered by the bill of rights that not as
attempts to create a false discourse would make George Bush a part of the open and honest debate he
so disingenuously claims to desire said John Nichols I school and John you go boy he's good my
good comms on the nation and you're not paying any attention to it what you better get more involved
with your nation where you feed him loving nation you got to say it right too like stolen S.H.A.
when on the end that's right S.H.U.N.
1085 we're going to make 1100 votes by the top of the hour and then Josh is going to be in deep due to this
is me who rushes
I will I hate what I'm doing on 2 a.m.
I want that back and back on again
I want what they had before
he's not my kindling guy
yes
I'm going to hell if they do it anyway
if a man we sound it dies really again
I want more and more
Ghosts and Voices real high
yeah
when I listen to this word
a manly voice won't get my attention
I'll really get me sent to the George
a squeaky high voice will give me an erection
oh
so I hate what the hell would argue with
look that back and back on again
I'm going to miss here it straights in with voice this night
now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again
so I can impress all the macho friends
and check out Rick's more at night to build a pay on the side
yeah there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys
his voice has passed the cracks
it's they were well-eared old
they had to have a lack that
yes then a real close to the radio
that's the sound
if they're voices on it they're really mixed
all stink going in
and that crow man
yeah he's harder than my friend brother
yeah he said that stinks it out
it's a 140 six you know that was the first thing I played on this stage
remember the first show
that's right I don't see as I'm a second floor
I read the lyrics back to back
that was one and the other one was
I think this is
this is it
the station that once had been
and for aam that was quite a pain
are you sure?
hot to catch and we're insane
anyway I don't have time to play a whole thing
because I want to tell you about a bad movie
what's not really that bad I told you I watched it before the last end of it
uh-huh
american hot wax the Alan Friede story
yeah
Cleveland DJ that went to New York and
that's right
legendary
invented the phrase rock and roll
that's right
well I saw it almost from the beginning of the night
or at least as much as I could take
and then that was it
I talked about that years ago when it first came out
well you know who was in it
who was in it
maybe this explains why you couldn't watch it
friend pressured
uh-huh
and a young J. Leno
right
no as much as I know how much I just like J. Leno now
this is like 1978 so it's like almost 30 years ago
but third man
he was so annoying and he had a minor role in there
he played like one of the office flunk he's there for freed in the studio
but he just uh he just annoys me
J. Leno I don't know about you I just don't like him
I don't like him
and who else was in it uh- uh
Lorraine Newman
mm-hmm
uh-uh and a bunch of other people
let's see let's see what says on here also look out for uh
Melanie Chardoff
can we say that?
Moose dryer and Brenda Russell who helps Moose dryer
I know the musy man
and who build Moose scouring and all that
anyway I don't see it
we give her a copy to her Josh
American hot wax okay I got I got some hot wax
it's a he-well very good
in fact IMDB gives her the 6.3
yeah that's that's about right generous
11001 votes on a pool man oh man you owe me some a serious cash
some shekels
1101 so you thought we'd be hard-pressed to get to a thousand in here?
no not really pretty easy pool
so I take about tomorrow's pool is we did this one before too
I'm bringing back some really old old old pools maybe I should read the list
because I screwed up badly on this one today and left off LR and screwed up some of
the new uh this is the problem when you bring back old emolies
now here's a poll that obviously on did I do this one or you did
well now me and I'll uh and I'll let you go
to these women would you most like to see naked who you haven't seen naked
already oh that was me yeah man well no kidding
she was last you and here's here's what we got on here I added
angelian joley because you left her off she's been naked
yeah she's so naked right now she's been naked more than once
oh oh yeah frequently so everybody has seen angelian joley oh excuse me
all over yeah that's why I wanted to ask because I want to put like some uh
you know no matter if I can now that you've reminded me I need to go to the
bathroom real quick
yeah really yeah Britney Spears and a Cornelholyah
Barbara and Jenna Bush the Bush twins right
Nikki Cox I'd love you it foster you it Sandra Bullock who was in the crash
by the way very minor that's right I'm filled on the stairs
because you was raised in it uh Chenaya Twain
Mark Twain Sophia Vergara Tara Banks Sarah Michelle Gillard
Daisy Fuente Jessica Alba Folly Parton oh come on
Jerry Ryan Kristen Dunst Christina Applegate
Barbara Eden Faith Hill Tiffany Amber Thieson Julia Roberts
now we see Julia Roberts naked
how do we know
trust me sure I'm the expert okay
Heather Locklear Jennifer Aniston Martina Hinges
Jules Asner Ed Asner Winona Ryder
Mitch Ryder Gwen Stefani Christina Aguilera oh god
now we talk about the moosey man there's the mousey chick
uh since that polly she's uh let a nipple slip out
that's still the little counter oh that doesn't count
Shakira Jenny Goret Mariah Carey Lauren Holly Melissa
Joan Hart Elizabeth Filarsky from Survivor Cindy Margola
sounds very Jewish to me Tony Braxton Ali Landry
how about Tom Landry oh he's still dead the Ashen Oles Vivica Fox
Vivica A Fox excuse me a need Campbell Bridget Wilson T. Allione
Christine Brinkley David Brinkley Rebecca Gayhart Rebecca
and Ellie Larder Ellie Larder Ellie Larder
Larder Ashen Oles Vivica Okay so now can we do that safely
tomorrow is the we I think we're saying Simpson
how about what's your name she's uh what's your name
Jessica Simpson how about Jessica Beale okay how about Howard Beale
let's put the Jessica's on there Jessica and Beale
Simpson although Jessica Beale kind of got naked in that one magazine
kind of kind of don't count you know it's like kind of pregnant I'll show you the pictures
after the show oh you're gonna show it to them huh
so that's the custom set and Jessica Beale okay I think we're good to go as they say
goes well speaking of being in deep doo doo I've been saving this story
bird droppings prompted Orlando warning signs what I tell you about those
pigeons man kill them to a bird kill it might have bird flu man might be
the end of the human race kill it sign signs warning of bird droppings were
posted along a stretch in downtown Orlando this week after cars
benches sidewalks plants and even people are hit and covered with white
bird waste according to a local channel six Orlando a news report
that's what they're talking about in Orlando is crap the problem began when city
workers removed cypress trees on bird island at Lake Eola in Orlando the trees had
to be removed because the bird droppings were polluting the water now the birds
have moved into the city and are covering anything in anyone between Lake Eola
and central avenue with droppings you have to brace yourself for the smell
downtown resident James Taylor said it's really a bad
sense it's disgusting absolutely disgusting like James Taylor
he's seen fire and rain but never bird crap like this I was walking the other day
and got pulled on walking under the trees Orlando resident Lisa Valentine she
got poop on somebody told me was good luck
do you ever hear that no the white film cakes the light post along Lake
eloa about pronouncing it well they keep scrolling it differently in here no it's
eola this is bad was it a channel six Orlando website they suck
uh reporter Todd your cows you said it's on the sidewalks and on the plants and if you walk
uh funny it's on your pants official said Orlando city workers pressure watch a stretch of
the sidewalk at least twice a week signed with the warning caution entering bird
droppings area were posted to the I in my life I've seen caution entering panther area
or whatever you know deer yeah you ever seen caution entering bird wrapping area no
do they issue hats hard hats don't sit on the bench unless you're very brave resident Jeff Miller
said some people all at the bird droppings bother them continue to eat lunch around the droppings oh
geez based on what I saw in that car I gotta believe there is no blank left in them
resident Alex Hard I said oh oh in other words they're not good they're they're getting it all
out of their system federal law prohibits the bird nest in Orlando from being disturbed watch
local six for more news on this story in fact I'm sure that I know what their motto is a channel
six in Orlando all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time and they're living up to
this is Neil Raj swt
five sixteen cube
welcome
oh
oh
if anybody has a pool
You see?
Look
And Clinton's if our roads go, believe everything we can.
Under state-run rules, that war for corporate, build up your escalator.
A roof and tiny bush venue, that's a USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs go, a by the time of these bulls.
We're fascinated by jail, no reason to shoot them bulls.
Welcome.
All the water's fading, the taxis are arid dead with.
Oh, everybody's turning five years.
I just feel bad for you.
Bye bye bye!
When it comes to sports.
We're waiting out, we're waiting out.
Stand up.
We think I'll be the toward, okay?
For sure you'll buy some key, delivered in QA and Miami Ford Modernist.
