Hello, hello, this is a test of the emergency brought up. Oh, what else is always that you just came out of nowhere
I love the war it's easy. Well, they probably didn't have the thing and there's that echo again
Why does this get really pondrous? You know what the echoes better than no sound at all? No, I'd rather take this silence in this echo
Awful. What's that all about Josh?
Josh
Yeah, all right. No idea. You're done on our own. It must be on your end. I'm not going again. No, it's back
Echo echo echo
Awful just horrible. It's on your end. I don't hear it here. Well, I hear it in this end is
Muay anoint you sound good. What does that mean? You sound fine
Yeah, we're gonna echo though. I can hear the echo you want to hear the echo. We allowed how's that? I don't hear it
It's bad. Well, that's good. I
Get my hearing checked
I got a real great thing for you won't get it though. So I don't know what I'm gonna tell you
What is too lazy dream feels pasta?
Yeah, when's the last time you had pasta? I'm not eating pasta. Well, of course not because you dive at it like me, right?
Well, I'm not eating pasta because I'm on a diet right now. Yeah, well, this is low carb and low calorie pasta
low carbs
Let me say it again. Okay. I won't tell you about it. I'll tell you audience greenfields a miracle a miracle and
It also takes away my craving for a sweet for sugar. Can you get a pasta made by a guy named greenfield?
Dreamfield dream. Oh dream. Feel is in dumb. Oh, oh, okay. It's in dense. Oh, I couldn't understand it was an echo out denti
I didn't get it. There was a echo here. Yeah, that must be it must be the echo finally kicked in on your ass end
God how about those panthers? What's going on with them? They actually got a shot. I was anybody here. No points out. Yeah
Tonight an event in Pittsburgh last night the power went out twice in that ancient igloo the civic arena in the Leafs game boy. That was something
To have to be a great game. Oh, yeah, we're getting out of the crush time man in the for the playoffs spots
Tampa Bay tonight. Tonight's the game of the season for the panthers if they can win this game tonight
They got a real shot not a catching Tampa catching much. You're all first. They got three or four other teams ahead of them
And we got Hurray Keane basketball. That's the big thing the NIT against Crating. Oh man on KAT. That's a good place for it
I'm a station that nobody can hear
What a signal they got back to WKAT. Yeah, see this is like reverting all the way back to my origins again back to KAT all over again
Yeah, Hurray Keane's in Crating. That's why we got no program director at least for two days maybe for the whole week
So what clearance is off playing the junior sportscaster again. What a joke
Well, yeah, how was your weekend my weekend was excellent
I made campfire on Saturday had a tremendous time was losing my estimated all back plus a hundred bucks campfire
Had a good day. I had a good day yesterday
I was for you. Nothing you know someone when you're losing and you get even for the day
That's that's better than when that's what happened on Saturday
I played there from five o'clock in the morning until one in the afternoon
I got all my money back plus cat fair hundred bucks now ran out. I had a good machine mine. He's was playing this weekend
I had a good machine and how did he do? He was having a little issue with a waitress serious trying to get a long
Island iced tea. Yeah, and she
He tells the story but she didn't understand what a long Island iced tea was she said that
She would go get them and they didn't have any iced tea at the bar and he said no
It's an alcoholic drink and they went through a whole business. I don't know
I sure wouldn't want to be working in one of those places when he was plunge in his guts
He's kind of surly. Yeah, you get a little irritable if they aren't going well
I'll tell you what bugs me is these women it's mostly the women
You know I hit something a hit a thousand bucks on the wheel and I'm waiting to get paid in this one
I never saw this bitch before my life
Every time I come here you're really on a roll you're I said boy you must be dreaming honey
I don't I don't just listen to it either. I just give it right back to myself. What do you think? What are you talking about? I was talking to a guy
Saturday night
Who told me that he went into the seminal casino? Yes, well, I was just first missing. It was there for dinner
He walked up to a machine
Put in a dollar and one 14,000 and walked out he put in a dollar. Yeah, I don't believe it
It would have to be a progressive jackpot. You can't win a progressive with one dollar if you put in
Five bucks. I have no idea. I don't play those things
But he said he played it once one 14,000. He played him buck and one 14,000
Yeah, I don't believe him eight bucks. Yeah, maybe that's what he played. I don't know where's the beast
Where did he go? Oh, you know what he's working an early shift now?
They've got him coming in here at five o'clock
To do a walk. He's the update man for Orlando. Oh boy
Yeah, there we have this new management team. We got there are really kicking ass man since the new sales manager came in
I haven't had one new piece of copy. We have nothing on the log to speak of it's currently empty and
You know
Other than that, we're kicking ass and big style
They're doing it
I like the new sales manager. Well, you might like him. I'm just telling you I think he'll be good
You know what one one's that gonna start well, let me ask you something
When you come in and take over a baseball team
That finished in last place you expected to win the championship
The next year I said we were always one of the top two or three pillars in a minute. I told you how bad that sales manager was
The day I saw him the first time I'm talking about replacing Stiffy. I'm talking about making something happen
Well, that's too easy replace
Well, that has nothing to do with getting these people to do a little work in here a week
Fat boy. Oh, he hasn't been there a week. Get out of here. He's been here a week. Get away two weeks
We still got that damn echo good God
Trust me on this one this guy will be good technical disaster well, he isn't anything for us
I'll take that between a ten and two. He's done zero Zipity do that and how's that two to four thing coming?
Every week they send it to schedule I look at it and I just put my head my hands and cry until payday. Oh, God
Well, what what what are they thinking about? It's the 20th of March the 20th of freaking March
The eyes of March are upon us and it's still the same bow and guilty and guilty and Curtis and bow and oh
Geez, oh no bow. What's the rush? Yeah, right exactly. It's only the middle of March. Yeah
These guys man, I'm Tony there. They're like
I tell you the difference between the new sales manager and Stiffy. No, no
I don't this I mean it's like comparing a dead man with a living person
Exactly, you walk into this guy's office and he's got papers all over his desk and he's working. Yeah, I never saw that
Stiff George's got with anything on his desk, but it's a little in big fat ones with him. I'm working. Yeah, I
Never saw that last sales manager anything on his death. Of course
I don't want to see us that last time I was there I walked by him and I walked you a door and there he was
I was on my way out and he looked at me like he had seen a ghost of Christmas past he had a look of
Seriously, like I look at care on his face. Oh, hi Neil and he like ran by me like his ass was on fire
Maybe it was him somebody should a little fire under yeah, well, they wouldn't have helped but there's no sense. There's no feeling
Hey, he was a stiff, but in the meantime this guy's got a lot of work to do, you know, here's the beast
He was out the hall
I want to get him in here to let him explain to me. Maybe you can help me out on this first one
I'm not buying a story about a guy put a book on
There's no way I went 14,000
No, he would have it. Well, you could
Evidently if there's like a they have a what do you call a progressive?
Right, but progressive if you're so if you play to max there's no such thing as a machine that only takes one dollar
No, well me while the minimum over there is at least nine dollars you have to bet nine of whatever you bet
You know we'll fortune here
Even the even the quarter machines the minimum is nine
So I'm but you're telling me on the dollar machine every play is nine bucks. Yeah, like you get out of here
What kind of a bunch of crap is that I can't you know they don't have like just play water just play three you have to bet nine
18 oh, yeah, well, I'm better
So I'm gonna try man. Oh man. This is really getting even for that the Cowboys
I lost way more money over there than we wow wow wow wow
When we got the Pompano Park and the other pair of mutuals I have the slots we hope because I have an addiction
By the way speaking of Pompano by the way, I haven't heard one word about that place not a word from my our buddy here
I did hear this the old person offered I did hear this you know that they're going to
Reinstate the poker tables. Oh the paramutuals now. Hallelujah
You're fat ass governor. What are what a jerk? He wants us all to be as good humans as human as Eminus whole family
I mean we should all be addicted to
drug users that's right
The holds yet bush family
Creepers all upset about what that you're making fun of his governor well screw creeper. Okay self-hating Jew
Idiot. No, no, what are you laughing about it's a truth man?
Here's the guy he's ready want to crucify his ass take him out there in a quarter or four forty
But now it's the road I put up a big cross and just burn his ass. Yeah, it's the only way you're gonna get him out of there anyway
Now I'm telling it's a truth just burn his ass
So yeah, we can we can get a hell of a crowd for that maybe we've erased the money for that charity that way he could die for our sins
Abandoned boat off rescue
Yeah, I can just see it now
I got news for if he inclerions weren't sleeping together
He would have had job there five minutes creeper. Yeah, right wing piece of turd
God
That's right. Oh, well now let me ask you this
Hey, is this now that Moe is left there is this tongue like two two shades lighter than it was before
I'm gonna song a while a lighter shade of brown by a proko hero remember that
Good God. He tried to pass Moe off as a weapon
They had a good talk they had to get like a surgeon just to give his his head out of Moe's ass when Moe left
Good God, but yeah, but that's the word
Joke don't give me started on your buddy Gryper there mr. Right wing
Like an overgrown five-year-old he makes Mike Rosenthal seem like a 90-year-old genius
Yeah
Anyway, have a great day. Yeah, you two. Thank you. They're even just laughing. No problem
I always got to put a big pile a smile on your voice
I
You know in TVY, there's your CKS
Alright, my mother's a brilliant, brilliant, brilliant, brilliant woman
My mother's a brilliant woman
Free free fire, full full full
That thing on your ear is so dumb
Where are my things? Looks like it hurts
It's the same size as a garage door opener
I've seen one of the children yet
Man, I've been in awe, can't look at it yet
More and more like a blue tube
Little bit in the eye
Oh, no more than a blue tube
I'm a hound for tension
More and more than blue tube
Little bit in the eye
Oh, no more than blue tube
Little bit in the eye
Where are my fears?
You're so job
You think you're a coolist
You're too tired
Try to see
I'm a goodie
I can't
With a calculator, traffic in your head
You live in the car, you're a hamster
And a hungry, it's too loud
And a finger, a jubble, too, a tree
My mother was a brilliant, brilliant woman
I was your mother, too, a fine-out
More and more than blue tube
Little bit in the eye
You're a mother, too, a fine-out
Say it more on
It's a 12-inch, half-tatted, 5-16 WQM
Happy Monday to you
What a joke, what a laugh and a ride
Just like the copy we got from like seven years ago
Sookas, it's nice, nice going Air Chris
What's the guy's name?
The new salesman, Dr. Chris Stiffy
Let's see, here's the facts that says from who's this from?
Who's this from?
Oh my God
Oh, you know, I'm going to say this right to the break
This is just absolute, I thought you were joking me
Is this for real, aren't you?
I mean, are you leaving?
From clearance?
I thought why would I joke?
What did I tell you about this place a long time ago?
Clarence and his boyfriend, did I tell you that?
Was that always my life?
It's not a secret, though
Oh my God, no, it's not a secret, but I'm the one who puts it out there around a year
So the public knows we're kind of a kindergarten, we got runnin' there
Nice going, joke, Bell, you really got your hand on things, baby
Oh my God, this is scary
Wait till the audience hears about that
But the important thing is my greenfields pasta
I don't care about anything else except payday
Wow
And thanks to the guy to call on Friday, although he had nothing to do with it
My order was already in
The guy to say he found it, where did he find it?
And the public's curious greenfields pasta will all be gone by tomorrow
A miracle
1013 at 560 WQAM, your overgrown kindergarten station for the annum millennium
Roger's got it
Time for a check on the forecast with Mark Lamor and the news channel 10 Weather Center
Mark?
Okay, let's dig on with Matt, probably people
Whoa, check it out
A high-pacious system
That's why there's a big H
I love H, man
It's like I can't get enough H
Hey, H
Hey, Mark
Mark, do you have the 5VL?
Oh, okay
Okay, for tonight, scattered nausea
With 90% chance, I'll pass out in my own sick
Tomorrow, wake up time
I'll have partly shaky hands
With increasing zones, followed by a phone call to my man
And everything's gonna be cool again
Okay, back to you in the studio
1018 at 560 WQAM, Dreamfields
Wait a minute, Dreamfield Food.com
Just put that tree on your brain
Dreamfield
No, Dreamfield, Dreamfield.com
No, Dreamfield Food.com
Okay, Dreamfield
Dream with a D, D, D, D is in dense screen
Just like this
Oh, my God, this is just...
I'm ready to go back to bed, I can't believe this
I mean, this is like putting in print something that we already know that was embarrassing and humiliating and childish and degrading in juvenile
Clarence Dero and his little boyfriends
That's the reason that they're both still there, by the way
Two of the worst trouble making Yenthens that ever worked in the history of this business, and that's covering a lot of territory
Who run around and build these stabbing everybody in a back, including each other
Here's a memo
Well, I'm telling you, Joe Bell just lost whatever little nothing I'm sure he cares, but he lost me
Oh, brother, Joe, uh, you go away
Go away
From Josh Dero, carbon-coffin to Joe Bell, of course, a new general mangler
You think that this would ever go out of grid, we were still there?
What do you mean?
It did
It did what?
This is old already
What are you talking about?
I mean, it's quite be official now, but yeah
No, this is ridiculous
It says, I have enlisted Brian London the Beast and Robert Gryper
Robert Gryper, who can't even speak English, yeah
Brian, yeah
To assist me in running the WQM programming department, if they ask you for something, please comply
They are communicating decisions I have made and goals that I have for the radio station
Please consider that when they contact you, and if any issues arise, please handle them respectfully and professionally
Oh my god, professionally my ass
Also, if I cannot be found, which of course is more often than not, and there's a pressing issue, please sit them for any assistance
I think the ass part is correct
Brian and Robert, we've been with WQM for a long time, but they're deserving this
They've been with you haven't a long time, and that's because you're there covering their ass
Clarence, you idiot
They're passionate about the station, and care about its sound and success, I'm glad they've agreed to help me with this endeavor
Oh please, cracker, please
Oh, I'm saving that, I'm framing it
I'm sending you to Massachusetts to Framingham
Oh, look at this, Sean just sent a bunch of polls, I'll put in my big pile
I got polls up the old nose, your pile of polls
Pile of polls
I'm not going to let that deter me from my enthusiasm, because I'm so excited that my dreams field passed to finally showed up on Friday
And I had some on Friday, and I had some on Saturday, and I had some again yesterday, I'm not saying you should eat it every day
Don't be concerned
And I threw out that crap that sure were talking noodle stuff that's slimy, smelly stuff
Oh, but I'm just telling you, maybe some people I could like to like the word
I had to call us, remember him, oh yeah, it's really good, no it's not, it's like two on shoelaces
Why I wanted you to taste it
What's that, because you'll all set a straight
Well I did, I'm telling you, didn't I tell you it was crap?
Yeah
But dreams field pasta man, it comes in lasagna, the elbow macaroni, which I guess you can make macaroni and cheese, low carb, and spaghetti
Which I got, or cases spaghetti, a case
The damn thing is good, I had been throwing this stuff down on the tube too
Tube
And now I can only tell you personally what it did as far as my blood sugar
Now if I would eat the comparable amount two ounces of, and two ounces doesn't sound like much, it is a lot when you cook it
It's a good ample amount
And I got my low carb sauce
Now if people would eat the comparable amount of a regular pasta with a set of my blood sugar up to about 400 at least
Dangerous number
This, I started at 100, my blood sugar the first time I ate it, it went up about, oh, between an average of 50 to 75 points
And within an hour and a half, and then it started coming back down again, very nicely
That's a miracle, do you have any idea what that is? Now people that want to control their sugar much, much tighter than that, which I think you must be crazy
But if you do, that's up to you, but you have to try for yourself
So I ordered mine online, we'll get to that eventually, I got a whole article about it
From Friday, our annual demographic survey, which are you? Do I want to read this whole thing? This is taking us till midnight
Okay
2441 votes, I don't want to read this whole thing
And it's ponderous, 9 Hispanic white male 2554, 1232
I'm not going to read all of these
Obviously the most important thing is that the overwhelming majority of the audience, males 2554
That's our target demo, that's our bonus, which we'll never see again
Nice job there Joe Bell, by the way, you really got control of that program director
This is a life ride is what it is, it's pathetic, it's embarrassing
So he's got Joyce on the one hand controlling the content, and on the other hand he's controlling the comedy factor
There were Clarence and his little boyfriends
Oh Jesus, welcome to WVUM, I think I'm going to do the show in this voice from now on
It's the mic Rosenthal show, with our special guest J. Rowkeech
Wow, what a panic
We're like a, we're not even like Piper Hyman, it's got us BKPX
We're like a bad college radio station anymore, nice go and Joe, you go baby, you are doing it
Clown, what's the other important things on here? We finally got the Hispanic white female 55
Plus we got SACE, SACE
Impressed? Yeah, Hispanic white female under 25, 5, 5 young Hispanic chicks, but not Hispanic white female under 25
So the meant they do so only too, we even had a really, yeah
Wow, so we got no young white chicks, not Hispanic, no sense to me at all
Well that's what we got, this is on our all weekend long, we got 20,000, 41 people logged on it, well that's pretty good number
That's 400 and some odd more than we had last time, we did it all over, well we had 500 crank ones last time
That's all they've been using in this country, who's that?
The Anglo chicks, what are they listening to? They're listening to Power 96
Yeah, yeah, is what they're listening
And let's see what else was interesting on here? Native American female 16 and Native American male 16
Native American female 15
So I told you, so there's one guy out there missing a papuce
Or something like that
You told me what? I told you to put that on there that we had some engine
18 male 25 54 18
So I'm not going to read that whole list, that's really boring
But thanks for a log on there telling us that we got at least 2400 people listening anyway
I think that's probably about half the audience
The way things are going nice, go and Joe, you watch Joe Bell, you watch him and clearance take this thing right into the toilet
That's all leads
Huh? And then exactly, just as long as the bees these can afford to keep covering them
Checks, that's all we care about
A bitterly divided electorate gives president George W. Bush
And approval rating of only 36% of the ladies news report matching the lowest point of his presidency record last November
His image as an effective leader in the war in terrorists, Tarnish, would less than half the public
44% approving the ways handling terrorism and homeland security
This fight is series of presidential speeches and photo ops
meant to bolster support for the war in Iraq as well as the announcement of a major military offensive
Which turned out that that was just a bunch of crap when the poll was getting underway only 29% of the people questioned
Approved Bush's handling of the situation in Iraq
Fully 65% disapproved, this is news week
His approval ratings for the handling of energy policy, 28% and healthcare 28% were new lows
While approval on the economy, 36% mirrored his overall rating
How do you like that?
What's going to happen when it gets down to be in the 20s? What's going to happen then?
Nothing
That's like saying what's going to happen when our numbers get down in the ones in twos on QAAM
You're right nothing at all said again nothing at all
Nothing at all
That memo just leaves me limp
It just sends me right to the old bowl I'll tell you
Wow
They've been here a long time
I've got news for it, a janitor's been here a long time too
Let's make him the general manager, okay
Wow, at least he might do something
Good God
At least he might give Joyce a piece of his mind
Clarence the beast and Robert Creeper
That's the little airs the triumvirate the triad yet
The triumvirate
Leading us into the new era of broadcast excitement
Got to bow it to the staff knowns big number of exciting mad dog at the Yenthas Center from 4 to 6 30 in and they panthers in the lightning
Big, big game
I'm assuming that's a home game because he's going to be doing a show there
So panther preview at 6 30 panthers and the 10th of a lightning at 7 o'clock huge game
As suddenly the panthers caught on fire I have no idea what's going on
Hurricane warm up on AM 1360 at 730 and the hurricane's in Creighton on KAT at 8 o'clock
8 o'clock, it follows all of that excitement
Can you handle it? That's where Clarence is
He's outside a new and basketball guy again
So Robert and Creeper are running the radio station
Oh my God, seriously I say let's bring in Gilbert
And the guy with the eyes and prosack Ron
Look if they can have their triumvir, why can't we have ours?
We'll send them up there to you, they could be your houseboys
No, I'm telling you right now and maybe if those guys can't do it we can just bring in Andy
What do you say?
Bill Brunfurt doesn't understand
That's it
27th past 10 at QAMB
The following conversation is real
It took place between a mob star customer and a mob star representative
Mob star, how you doing?
Are you doing? Listen, I got a problem, you remember that thing?
You don't mean that thing with our friend
Yeah, well not for now but he's kicking his screaming in the trunk
And I think he's gonna bring the heat down on me
Hey, you were supposed to take care of him before you want to stay
Oh, I popped him pre-pied, what if my father's gonna scull like a bone ball this guy
Alright shut up, see your location is that bargey lot under the bridge
Yeah, so? Yeah, so I'm gonna move only over the trunk
Why you go back there pop three more slots in there so the job is done right
Alright, alright
Alright, it's done good, now hop on the trunk pipe ahead north mob star
Always there, always ready
Kapiche? Thanks mob star, hey, forget about it
Forget about it, oh boy 1032 at 560 WTQ, I'm so rave
Who's chronic and who's at university dodge, according to the header on the facts
Uh, sends this the Bush family criminal empire this uh, yeah, I couldn't read it very well
I think that's cute, but whatever you got it
Says I know that these are true, but I never heard this about Laura, have you?
And it's the thing about manslaughter killed nice boyfriend, which we talked about a great detail about her
A little driving, a little accident, of course we did, right, get with it
Get with the program, will you please?
Okay, let's take a look at the pool we got going on right now
Generally which group of self-perretings bugs you the most?
We got the 642, Cubans 200
It was Cubans, as I mean shaper would say, Cubans
New Yorkers 95, redneck 59, senior citizens 52
French Canadian 50, I like everybody 38, now we're talking
Haitians 38, African-Americans 32, I hate everybody 27
I hate this pool 17, Jews 15
Jamaicans, you make in seven, radio sales holes 5, radio-acronix 4, and last but not least
Gays 3, Solomente Trace
Okay, what's this, Cahoney is not acceptable on billboard, my man advertises if finds, well how do you like that?
So you think we have problems with balls, apparently it's good or not?
Yeah, I think that Donna Schillitley is probably got her finger in here
Well I sure hope she washes that thing, and her finger too
Former Secretary of State, Madeline Albright, I just, you know something seriously
I'm on such a high today, okay, totally before the show that
Post and everything, and I feel so good, my weight is perfect and not perfect, but for me it's good
And my sugar is great, and the sun is shining, it's cold as hell, but it's nice
Life is sweet, and then I guess the copy of that memo and the find out that
Joe Bell is just basically handed the keys to the kingdom over to Josh, his little playmates there
See somebody needs to sit this guy down and explain it in the history of what's going on in that joint
Well, what it's all about Alfie, what's it all about? Maybe just doesn't care
Maybe it doesn't get it, but what do you expect?
Can you imagine Robert Greeper coming to you and giving you instructions on how to tell you to do something?
Exactly, and you're going to listen to Robert Greeper?
No, well like a re-tard, and apologize to all re-tards out there because it's an insult to all re-tards
He's a step below that, whatever that is
Good, God! To actually put that in print, it's just like slacking all of us in the face of what it is
I'll still take the money, okay? So wait, go as clearance, I'll still take the money
Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright used the word Cahonis to land based to El Castro, Americans use it to
locally to describe someone who is gutsy
Now Volkswagen AG is getting flack for using it in billboards to advertise a sporty model to his Spanish in the USA
Cahonis is a Spanish word that means literally testicles, balls
In the US, however, it started a cancel term for daring
That's what Volkswagen was going for in a black and white billboard featuring its GTI 2006 model
accompanied by two words in big bowl letters, turbo Cahonis
Cahonis, but the campaign is boomerang but Volkswagen take the billboards down in three cities
After they quickly generate a firestorm in Miami, Luis Perez-Tolan, an instructor at Miami-Date Community College, said he might not sound so offensive at English
But in the Spanish-speaking community, we'll always have a vulgar connotation said, Tolan, who supervises the writing program for Spanish language network Telemundo
Volkswagen isn't the first advertiser to discover that words are amusing in one culture, can be inappropriate in another
A few Asian countries have banned Australia's latest tourist slogan, Where the Bloody Hell are you?
Leave it to those Aussies, Where the Bloody Hell are you? The Aussies and the Brits
Volkswagen's intent was to pitch the sporty fast car which has a sticker price starting at 23 grand
To young bisexual, abalangual, Hispanics, retain ties to their Latino heritage
We wanted something that broke out of the mold and carried the connotation of being strong and gutsy
Daniel Moreiro, a creative director for the Miami-based agency, creative on-demand-D for creative on-demand with a capital DMN that came up with the ad
This is a word adapted in the American vernacular, we never thought this would be an issue
But in Miami, in South Florida, everything is an issue, we're offended
We're offended
Just like a lot of people listen to this show, they're offended
But you know what, if we're not offending somebody, we're not doing our jobs
Period
If we're stuck it up and kissing everybody's ass like Robert Creeper was with Mo, then obviously it's another story held again
I still can't believe that, I have it sitting here in the bottom of my pile in a very important place for things that are be framed and put on the wall to use as a dart board
What did I tell you about you, Bill? This guy is as cool as a dead man, he's just so out of the loop, it's scary
Scary is what it is
And clearly sends him a copy of this, the beast and Robert Creeper are in charge while clearance is out playing basketball guy? Oh my goodness
Shame on us
Libby Trial may be embarrassing for Bush
Lawyers for Vice President Dick Cheney's former top 8 are signaling they may build deeply at his criminal trial in the infighting money
White House to CIA and the State Department over pre-aracked war intelligence failures
And a predatory possible defense to lawyers for Iowa with Scooter Libby are also suggesting that the State Department not Libby may be to blame for looking the identity of
Co-Worziai Office of Valerie Plain to the media
Court papers filed late Friday raised the possibility a trial could be completely embarrassing for the Bush administration by focusing on the debate about whether the White House manipulated intelligence to justify the U.S.
Let invasion of Iraq in March 2003
Bad stuff is going to come down so now it is approval rating from 33 to 36% depending on which pool you like the best
Just wait until all that stuff starts to hidden between that and the Abramov stuff. Okay, well
It's going to be real ugly so George saw a movie over the weekend that you're going to hate. You're making it you're going to like the
Josh like it's okay walk don't run to go see it. Good message. Good message. Just kind of a mile delivery
Starring Hugo weaving right although you never see him in the movie. We're crying and Hugo's weaving bobbing end weaving. So you hated it and Josh I hate it
It was just I thought it was mild was weak. They had some good parts great message
Six six die. I'll give it a eight. Ah
Wow, that's quite a discrepancy because between the six and eight six to me would be I wouldn't waste my time eight
I'd say there were some good parts but then there was like a real that Josh said that even better than network well well
I could probably stay to wait through it. No, I see
Audiences were in a rebellious mood lifting the action tail V for vendetta the top spot of the weekend box orifice with 26.1 million dollar debut
The one and brother's film with stars Natalie Portman and Hugo weaving in a story of revolution against a totalitarian British government bumped off the previous weekend's box orifice leaders
Paramount's romantic comedy figured a launch which they viewed at number one slip to second and
Shaggy dog Disney Shaggy dog fell to third the weekend's other new wide release paramount cheese demand open and forth with 11 million starring Amanda Burns as
A team disguising herself as a male to plan a voice soccer team at a modern update of Shakespeare's cross night
Fox's search lights to tobacco industry satire. Thank you for smoking open a huge numbers and limited release
I thought it was called thank you for sharing believe that's Amanda Bynes by the way what I call it burns it burns oh
Bynes B.O.I.N.E.S. Bynes thank you so much like when each ease yeah the bind the ties the bind kind of like Michael Craig Crickton
Right got a quick thing in his neck starring or I got a good Michael got quite an article by the way from New York Times how do you like that coming up?
I probably should spend at least two hours on my dreams field of pasta. I might say a lot of people's lives out there
You watch them at a lot of these people try to QA and dream for your line. Hello. Meal. Yes. Hey good morning. I got a radio accident over the weekend. Yeah. I was listening to an overnight sports station in Pharrell was on. Yeah. And he was talking about
How many places he's been all over the country? He says yeah when I was in Miami I was number one. Yeah, sure he was. I think he was more number two to be honest with you.
Number one and number two you could smell it right. Well, he has this habit of lying about his numbers like he I kicked Howard's ass in the air. No, he didn't he just they made stuff up. Oh, I mean yeah he doesn't
Impressions impressionable dumb punks. Trump is always saying the impressors is the number one show on TV. I could get you to get about CSI and survivor. Yeah, you ever seen the two of together same guy different haircut same guy.
That's where I'm at. He's the one that really put us right over the top. You know what?
How about now that Claire now we got the thromba would go and now we're going to be sure you guys across the street. You better be shaking in your boots. I bet there I bet you got his laugh it up but his sleeve.
Left for right up his back. Oh, man. Clarence the beast and Robert. This is me. You're not comforting the world together. I kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay.
I used a monkey that's more fun than a very good party party with the animals. I was drinking Jack Daniels all the time.
Who never says it would.
If there's trouble he's behind it. I admitted that Dick Shanies and asked.
And if there's a chance for adventure I guess I'm going to see for the family he's into. I recognize that Americans want our troops to come home as quickly as possible. This will not happen on my watch.
We intend to stay forever. Here is your children and our grandchildren are grown for body parts now. He's in a whole new world.
I am still up to the same old tricks. Well, I may be I need to learn to communicate better.
Welcome to the world of curious. You're truly once. Shame on you. The food we can't get food again.
That's what Joe Bell says 1044 16 11 at 560 WQ AM. So there's a great story about Scientology by rolling stone in the court issue. Are you going to read it?
Are you out of your mind? It's like 17. Oh, because you know Tom Cruise might come at you. Oh, Hey Tommy. You're fair.
Anyway, it's a lot of time. I'm sorry about Scientology. It's like that. I never finished reading this about the V for Vendetta.
No. Was invented by Andy and Larry Watchowski, creators of the Matrix. From a graphic novel about mass freedom fighter battling British fascism in the near future like tomorrow.
The film was produced by Joel Silver. We also made the Matrix Flicks and directed by James McTeeke, a protégé of the Watchowski brothers.
Critics generally gave thumbs up to V for Vendetta. They generally gave a thumbs up George. No, no. Calling it a smarter than average movie, visually impressive action thriller, it touches on disturbing notions in a post-9 level world,
raising questions about when violence is justified and examining definitions of freedom fighting versus terrorism.
If I were you folks, I'd watch here a loose change on our website, part two instead. I'll end 20 minutes.
Here we have a movie about a guy who wears a mask, the whole picture with controversial subjects, some hot button issues, not the standard fair movie.
And we did a strong opening and attracted a huge amount of people producer Silver said just before the little ranger hopped on top.
It's got a good message. It's worth a watch. It's got a real dead middle.
Nice seeing. Dead middle? Yeah. 90s and people like that.
Federal drug enforcement agents in Northern California should down in elaborate marijuana candy factory that produced drug lace snacks called
Roch de Rices, Pock Tarts and other securities and popular products. And these are available where?
On online. In fact, there's a long line. Authorities rated five locations last Thursday resting 12 people for allegedly running the criminal enterprise.
Roch de Rices and Pock Tarts. Police said the group produce candy and soda that look like popular treats but were laced with pot.
Agencies boxes of treats with names like Buddha fingers, Munchy Way, Roch de Rices, Pock Tarts and Puffa Mint Paddy.
Puffa Mint Paddy. The EEA agent said these sophisticated operates which called itself beyond bomb.
Cultivated thousands of plants in warehouses with factory-like precision. Employees in one location were white doctors, gowns and punch time clocks when they came to work official said.
While they were doing important work, it's hard work. One of the buildings that was rated in Oakland is associated with compassionate caregivers, probably medical marijuana dispensary authorities said.
Between 4 and 5,000 marijuana plants, $100,000 in cash, three weapons and hundreds of marijuana lace candies and soft drinks were seized in the raise according to the EEA.
While the plant-popperter candy brands might bring on the egg eagles and some, drug agents said they could be dangerous in the wrong hands.
This can be tragic. Yeong Chowder Riddle could eat one of these and drink one of the soda said the EEA's have your opinion. And then what?
And then what? They taken that, I guess.
I see. Wow. So here you go. That's the heavy-duty stuff. Buddha fingers and potter gold.
South Park Scientology Battle Rages on. How come the phones are ringing off the open people about Dreamfield's pasta yet?
I don't know. One guy called on Friday who said it was very good. I don't know whether he was diabetic or not.
I mean, you don't have to be diabetic to like it. It's much lower in the, it's about the same calories, much lower in carbs. And it's got twice the fiber irregular pasta.
It looks and cooks and tastes exactly like your regular pasta, at least my skinny anyway. So it'll help you go.
Oh, I have no problem with that. It's doing just fine. You know? Oh, we're fine. Yeah. What goes in must come out.
But the impact on your blood sugar. I mean, this is a miracle in addition to which I don't have the cravings for sugar anymore.
All weekend long, it wasn't something I manufactured my head because as you know, when you're addicted to drugs like you are, you can't just convince yourself, oh well, I don't want it.
I don't want it. You know, you want it. And I don't want it. And the sugar either. I like that. So it's great. And it is, you know, it's not high-cal. I mean, two ounces goes a long way and a key end of thing.
Unlike regular pasta, which I could eat one bowl and make another pot. I've done that in the past in my pick-out days.
While I was finishing one big bowl of spaghetti, the water was already boiling to cook the second one.
Because like we mostly find carbohydrates, they stimulate your appetite instead of satisfying it. But with this stuff, man, you're full of the gullet. You feel like loaded. Not loaded, but loaded.
Speaking of loaded, Tommy Cruz. You're fairy.
South Park has declared war on Scientology.
Matt Stone and Trey Parker, creators of the animated centaur, are digging in against the celebrity-induced religion after controversial episode mocking outspoken Scientology's Tom Cruz.
You're fairy.
Was yanked abruptly from the schedule Wednesday with Internet rumors it was covert warfare by Cruz the ledwits departure.
So, Scientology, you may have won this battle, but the million-year war for earth has just begun. The South Park creator sent a statement Friday in variety.
Temporarily, and as I, and I was inizing, what is that word? I never heard that word in my life. I think it's a Scientology word.
Is it really? I must be.
Temporarily, and I was inizing our episode will not stop us from keeping thetons forever trapped in your pitiful man bodies. You've obstructed us for now, but your feeble bit of safe humanity will fail.
These guys are the best.
Internet bloggers accused Cruz of threatening to not promote Mission Impossible 3, a surefire-seller blockbuster, if you're offending episode ran.
Comedy Central is owned by a Viacom, as is Paramount, which is putting out MI3.
See? See the connection here?
The Cruises representative Arnold Robinson, no relation to Smokey, told the AP Friday that the Megastar made no such demands.
Not true Robinson said I contended that he never said that.
Called by the AP to a paramount representative was not returned on Friday. Can't imagine why.
The episode in question trapped in the closet, which first aired last November, shows Scientology leaders hailing Stan, one of the shows for Devilish Fourth Grit as a Savior.
A cartoon Cruz locks himself in a closet and won't come out.
You're fair!
An animated genre to revolt another famous Scientologist enters the closet to try to get him out.
It's getting mighty crowded in there, I'll tell you.
Just like behind George Michael, there is a big crowd lined up in the same thing in this closet.
Oh, brother. Anyway, a cartoon Cruz locks him in a closet and a whole other goes in and try to get him out.
Another dig at the famously secretive legend, the credits that the shows end are filled with names like John Smith and Jane Smith.
And I've never noticed that.
The battle begins in earnest, began in earnest this week when Isaac Hayes, another celebrity Scientologist and a long time show member,
voiced in Ladies Man, Chef, quit the show, saying he could no longer tolerate its religious intolerance and bigotry, stolen and parkour didn't buy that either.
And neither did anybody with a brain.
Excuse me, but I do believe that, that's...
Right.
On Monday last Monday, Stone told the AP this is 100% having to do with his faith in Scientology, meaning Isaac Hayes.
He has no problem with his cash flooding of checks with us, showing him the fun of Christians.
The Comedy Central spokesman said Friday that it were told the controversial episode to make room for two shows featuring Hayes.
In London events earlier this week, we wanted to give Chef an appropriate tribute by hearing two episodes he's most known for they spoke to himself.
So, tracking the closet is taking a Hayes.
It's over there on Hayes Road, right?
Are you glad you got your copy?
Oh, thank God.
I knew that was hard.
My life wouldn't be the same.
I remember actually loaned that other people who also enjoyed it just as much as I did.
Right. It's one of those things you got to get people to watch.
It's a thing.
It's important.
Right. Especially with old time.
You fail.
In the closet.
And we absolutely will not come out.
Even with what's his name?
Our Kelly goes in.
He can't get a nod.
The three of them have a good time in there with our Kelly in his piece.
Seven hundred and eleven.
All thanks.
Heaven for seven.
That's the number of hosts we got on this poll today.
Generally, which group of self-reliance bugs you the most?
Cubans.
Two twenty four.
New Yorkers.
One hundred and six.
Redneck.
Sixty three.
Senior citizens.
Fifty seven.
Well, I tell you.
We're kind of slacken off on those old parts.
French Canadians, fifty two.
Haitians, forty three.
I like everybody, forty two.
How boring.
African Americans, thirty five.
I hate everybody, thirty four.
Now we're talking about it.
But I voted for it.
I hate this poll, twenty.
Jews, seventeen.
Jews, you do makeins, eight.
Radio sales, holes, six.
Radio products for Gays, three.
And the beast clearance and the rubber creeper don't have any yet.
Boy, that's just the triumvirate.
Thirty Q.A.M., hello.
Well, yes.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Good.
I'm on hiatus.
I don't see tile anywhere.
He's, he's, I'm doing the trees behind the bush.
Oh, that's the cop.
That's the plantation cop.
Yeah.
Who is anybody brought up to gas prices and what the hell happened with twenty cent jumping one day?
Thank you, Mr. President for those low gas prices.
Just get used to it in quick bitchin.
Okay.
So what you're whining?
Just get used to it.
It's the American F and way, man.
And thanks to this administration, we're going to be breaking our dependence of Middle East oil about a hundred and fifty years from now.
So, you know, just, just do like ten Williams have them put your ass on ice.
You're all very whiny and have them melt your ass and bring you back in about a hundred fifty years when we won't be dependent on Middle East oil no more.
Somebody Q.A.M., hello.
Sounds awfully quiet, isn't it?
Oh, that's a good idea.
Yes, sir.
I tell you when into a coma.
No, I just heard a weird noise.
Anyway, I'm the guy that called you on Friday about the dream field.
Oh, yeah, you're the one.
Yes, I am.
I am not that.
You're absolutely correct, man.
It is fantastic.
It's like a miracle in my change in my life.
Oh, yeah.
All the powders are great.
Every, you know, the Fedichini, everything is, I have not had a bad one.
Well, don't try those sure-talky noodles, man.
You'll puke your dress, guys.
That's true.
That's slime right down the trash.
I tossed it right out.
Yeah, but you know, I was on the atkins for, you know, off and on for, you know,
when she brought it up a few years back.
And my wife found the dream fields on-
No, no, are you diabetic?
Are you diabetic?
No, I am not.
No, I am not.
She just, she's been on the atkins too, and she's always looking for things with Splendor
and things with, you know, that are just low in carbs.
Right.
And our public dad in the Weston here actually carries it on the show.
Public's in Weston carries Dreamfield possibly.
I'm doing a bad number on you because it'll probably all be gone in one day.
Yeah, I know.
I shouldn't even have said that.
I'm completely like, I just want to-
The better stock up.
No, okay.
Thanks a lot, Pallee.
Okay.
And there's the guy that's already on the wit.
People are saying, well, what's the big deal with that?
Let me say it again.
It doesn't spike your blood sugar.
That guy's not diabetic.
So I can't ask him, well, how much does it, you know, of course then there are some people with diabetes
who even check their blood sugar.
I don't want to mention any names.
So that's just people are drinking the wealth as grape juice.
I don't understand him at all, you know?
I mean, I wish nothing but the best for the hunt provide.
I don't understand how he keeps functioning, how he continues being alive, you know?
He follow what I'm saying?
Yeah, I don't count it.
No, I already don't want to talk to him.
I know, I've been through it.
That's not a one of the comments.
I just, you know, I mean, geez, what's that all about?
He's in about as much, of course, the thing of it is since he doesn't cook.
It's against his religion, the internet and cooking are against the Humphur's religion.
He's not into that.
Right, that means he's eating restaurant food.
Right, he's all of the way around.
Low-dissuerst runs, right?
Sovereign butter, I was in sugar and hidden in a sugar and-
No, he's butter.
That's all they eat.
Right, they put it in their stuff, yeah.
But, I mean, really, it doesn't take all that long.
Like, and don't, don't, don't, don't, well, cook it as long as it says in a package, by the way.
It says in a nine-hour-level of minutes, eight minutes is perfect.
Boil it for eight minutes and drain it, and then, sooner on your stuff.
That's where your low-carb sauce or whatever you want.
Actually, I find it a lot of the regular commercial sauces, at least some of them have only,
have the same amount of carbs as the other low-carb stuff, only by six grams.
For a half a cup.
I don't know about you, but, man, for me, Italian food, pasta, and all kinds,
like I live for that, and the fact that I've had it all these years,
I've got it all out of the way, and can't eat it without having my blood sugar go to four or five hundred.
I can eat my weight in spaghetti every day.
Well, there you go.
And so, you get the dream feels, man.
I'm going to.
I'm going to.
Greenfield.
D-R-E-A.
Let me spell it for you, okay?
But, D-R-E-A-M-S-F-E-I-A-E-L-D.
Greenfield.
Greenfield.
It just doesn't sound right.
Well, that's the name of a roth.
I've changed it for you, okay?
Greenfield.
Greenfield sounds better.
Greenfield.
But, you change it.
Greenfieldfood.com.
That's it.
I'll change it for you, okay?
All right.
Life is but a dream.
This is the Neoloture.
This is the Neoloture Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Your brain.
Your brain.
Your brain.
Your brain.
Your brain.
I went through the new systems.
I was thinking about a new way.
I stepped on the scale.
And I got a measure in text.
I said, wait a minute, mister.
There's always so much that we can do.
I think life will certainly be the only thing for you.
I'm stuck to bad luck, I'm fighting.
I'm stuck to failure, please.
I'm stuck to bad luck, I'm fighting.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, something waiting right away right away.
I don't have to go, I don't have to go and get the size.
I don't have to worry about no folder's around my thighs.
Because fighting life is such a, you know from a brand new man.
Look up the Uber, stuck to bad, I just found some candy.
I'm stuck to bad luck, I'm fighting.
I'm stuck to failure, please.
I'm stuck to bad luck, I'm fighting.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, something's out of your way around me.
You have to go get the box.
You better, hey, what was that call that you just played the weight?
I'm stuck to bad luck, my fan, is it in here?
There it is, I found it, there it is.
What?
Doesn't, don't worry about it.
That's what it's called.
I found it.
Anyway, there's no ass in that, it's Dreamfields, I told you.
Oh.
Well, if you go online to problem is because I like to give comments about this stuff to like either verify or argue with whatever my companions are.
I was just hurting my ear.
Dreamfields, Dreamfields, number three, Dreamfields by the brothers for a question of course.
Sure, this is Dreamfield.
I've got it, right, it's dead.
Dreamfields, healthy car living, and this is spaghetti authentic pasta, and this gets made from semolines, not made from tofu or mung like that other stuff that I threw down the turlick,
I put it down the trash.
Oh, that stuff was nasty, those shoelaces awful.
There you go, Dreamfields by the brothers for.
Dreamfields by the brothers for.
In the peppy fields.
Yes, I'm told you.
Anyway, kill that.
Does that ever rock?
Dreamfields, what do you mean does it ever rock?
Does it pick up later?
No, that's it.
That's it, that's it.
It's also on, okay, it's from back in the mellow 80s, 70s, 60s, 60s.
How is the year on that?
60s, 60s.
So you told you.
So it's Dreamfields, so I already sent you the link, Josh, you're probably able to put that under today.
I don't want to like get, you know, put the pressure on, but I will anyway.
All right.
Do it.
Please, pretty please.
Because these people are going to be, I'm telling you, buying it like crazy, and the fact that the guys,
well, if publics in Western's got it, probably publics, series, Dreamfields.
And you don't have to be diabetic to enjoy it.
And you don't have to be at least been interested for what I care,
because otherwise then you go out and grab it all up and the diabetic people,
they're not going to be able to get it.
I'd tell you one thing, if I wasn't anyone, those low-carb stores,
I realized low-carb thing is supposedly out, but not if you diabetic.
If I was in one of those businesses, man, I'd go out there, I'd have enough of this stuff to like fill 400 warehouses all the way to the ceiling, you know.
You follow what I'm saying?
Yeah, you follow and you're right.
Venice, Wail and Prison, and not only that, but this unlike a lot of those low-carb things like the sugar substitutes with the multithol and stuff like that that makes you like to do.
Oh, yeah.
They were close to the pot all day long.
Doesn't have any kind of effect like that.
Venice, Wail and Prison, and Hugo Chavez, yes, they allowed the litany of insults at US President George W.
Oh, right.
Hugo Hugo, ranging from donkey to drunkard in response to a White House report,
Brandy the Lithuanian leader, a demagogue.
Chavez is one of Bush's fiercest critics, and has repeatedly accused the US government of seeking to oust him from the presidency of Venice, Wail.
The world's number five oil exporter and is a player of around 15% of US crude imports.
Speaking of crude and Venice, Wail.
I got a story about naked Venice, Wail and posing for art.
All right.
You are a donkey, Mr. Bush, said Chavez speaking in English on his weekly Sunday broadcast.
You're an alcoholic, Mr. Danger, or rather you are a drunkard, Mr. Danger.
Chavez said referring to Bush by nickname he frequently uses to describe the US President, Mr. Danger.
I like that.
A White House report released last week on preemptive forced and national security described Chavez as a demagogue who uses Venezuela's oil wealth to destabilize democracy in the region.
Communist.
Washington's increasingly aroused with a former soldier over his close alliance with Cuba and Iran.
US officials dismiss his anti-US tyrages rhetoric, meant to steer nationalism before presidential elections in December.
Chavez's remarks also came after Venezuela's ill-universal newspaper, printed an interview with US Ambassador to Venezuela, William Brownfield,
who reiterated his government's concern over growing ties between Venezuela and Iran.
Tensins between Washington, Caracas, Rose, and January, why we know about that?
But it would be better to put it about.
Now, much more interesting, more interesting, I'm sure.
More than 1,500 men is where, listen, there's a picture here, it looks like they're all sniffing each other's, like the ragheads, man.
That's a Spencer Tudic deal.
It's not going to go over really, yes.
It's not going to go over really big in the Arab street talking about the Arab sniffing each other's,
but the rest of them are magic flying carpets while they're doing those daily prayers about 400 times a day.
How many times a day do you have to do those prayers?
Five-five.
I would, man.
Brother, good exercise, I guess.
Rock it on that carpet.
More than 1,500 Venezuelans shed their clothes on a main city avenue yesterday to post for American photographer Spencer Tudic.
Now, did they have to take off their Tudics?
Always.
Forming a human mosaic in front of a national symbol of statue of Independence heroes, Seymour and Boulevard.
And it's got a picture here, and believe me.
I've been in Caracas that one day, and I don't think I'd want to smell that scene.
1,500 naked Venezuelans crawl around.
As Tunic shouted commands to a megaphone, rude, not rude, well, probably,
nude people of every shaved size and skin tone gathered on the avenue and stairs in front of the statue just before dawn,
the statue of Seymour and Boulevard.
And there was no CNN there, so they didn't have a photo up the Yankee in it down.
There are some people over there with clothes.
Get them out of here, said Tunic and artist from Brooklyn,
who's been documenting groups of nude people in public places around the world since 92.
For the volunteers being part of Tunic's art man letting go of innovations and doing a two-hour series of sometimes uncomfortable positions on the pavement.
Harold Velasquez.
See, there's another one, NZZ.
I've been 23-year-old university students that he was nervous before the 4.30am event,
but felt free while posing. He felt free.
I put the lightest clothes on that I had this morning, because I knew I wouldn't have longed smiling Velasquez said.
There were good vibrations, a good positive energy among all people involved I celebrated.
Yeah, they were good vibrations.
The nude subjects posed standing, lying down, and on their knees,
the coin ordered by Robert Greeper, as the warm Caribbean sun emerged on the eastern horizon.
Occasional chairs and movements in the enthusiasm,
crowd-made shooting, tough at times, soon to say, oh yeah, some of them movements, man.
Can you even imagine?
It was difficult to work because the people were so exuberant,
so it took a little bit longer, but I got what I wanted. He said after the session,
the body represents beauty, love, and peace. There was a lot of beauty and energy in the people today.
Two of them took photos from opposing angles, using buildings with large outside comms as a backdrop,
on one side and a fork in the wide palm tree, the line, and the other side.
The artist, who's been arrested multiple times while shooting in the US, said it was happy to have the darker skin subjects.
Most Venezuelans are considered mesizo.
No, that's not it. Mesiso.
Mesiso. Yes, engines.
It mixes Spanish, African, and indigenous bloodlines.
You know, I've thought about it for at least five seconds and I'm convinced you really are.
I want people of color to pose. You know what do you like Teddy Roosevelt so much?
I want people of color to pose and come out and participate in my work, so I was very lucky to be able to say an anti-jaction too.
Two of them said each volunteer will receive a print of the installation.
I'm not going to tell my mother about this thought. I received a print said, Josefa Maria Brasino, a 35-year-old surgeon,
who posed this thought in having second thoughts.
What's your name?
Josifa.
She's going to think I'm crazy, she's going to say that.
Josifa.
J-O-S-E-F-A.
Josifa?
Josithus.
Yeah, I'm too.
5.6.7.0.5.60.
5.6.7.0.5.60.
And it arrives in singular wireless line.
Another lethargic starts at a week and it's a dream field.
It's an empty thing you got at the box. Dreamfields.
Okay.
Got it?
Dreamfields.
Dreamfields.
Dreamfields.
Oh, you know the problem is if you Google something, even if you spell wrong, you come back and you spell however you spell it wrong.
It'll come back at you.
Right back at you.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
Yeah, how are you, sir?
Good.
I just got to tell you I absolutely love this poll.
I can't wait to get home.
I'm in the low for Haitians 800 times.
Why is that?
Because they can never get my drive through order, right?
If they're begging you to go to the office, they're totally rude.
They won't even look in the eye.
They're just sitting there talking to each other.
Oh, what do you mean?
What do you mean?
How unusual.
I'm not going to be exclusively Haitian.
And recently they've been added to the rights of the pizza delivery workforce.
Are you not going to Haitian people?
You're never going to get your pie now.
You're not.
Yeah, they have this guy.
They probably are tracing the call right now.
But God bless them, you know, they're out there working.
They're working their ass off for about 50 cents an hour.
And they're driving them jitties too, man.
Don't get on one of those.
Well, let's see how the poll is coming out of this poor guy's picket on Haitians.
Or this guy's picking on the poor Haitians.
775 vote.
Generally, which group of suffererians bugs you the most?
Cubans 240.
New Yorkers 121.
Rednecks 80.
66.
Senior 665.
French Canadians 57.
Parleys will get lost.
I like everybody 43.
Haitians 43.
Whatever.
Moving up the ladder.
I hate everybody 39.
African-Americans 38.
I hate this full of 22.
Rhymes with Jew 18.
Jew makeins 8.
Radio sales hole 6.
Radio Chronic's 5.
And Gaze only 4.
Sultimentic Quattro.
Now let me ask you this.
How do we know for sure if somebody is like Jamaican Haitian or like maybe from Trinidad
and Tobago or like partly bigot?
How do we know that?
You talk to him.
Oh you do?
Not on me.
You do all the sudden?
I know where I find a good machine.
That's right.
And I just want to talk into them
than any of the rest of us put together.
No, do I?
That's what you think.
What makes you think I talk to all these people?
Well, you're there.
I talk to some of them.
You're just out of your mind.
I'm like can I take a look at you?
You can get out of my way, you know, things like that.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey, Neil, I'm a question on that low-carb pasta.
I got it in my public, there are almost publics as I've noticed.
But it's still got carbs in it, right?
It's not as the sugar type carbs.
It's got 42 carbs, but only 5 of them
per serving are digestible carbs.
Which is a very complicated thing,
which I'm going to read this thing here in a little while
about how supposedly works.
And I know for a fact that it must be accurate
because if it had all the carbs that, you know, 42,
my blood sugar would go souring, I couldn't eat it.
Right.
Because I'm going to low-carb diet, you know,
not just for a diabetes, but just to loosen weight,
because I'm getting back to normal, my body fat down.
Do it, man.
Do it.
Yeah.
Yeah, because I love pasta, man.
I'm like you.
Even by the tub full.
Good luck, you pal.
You know, yeah, fill up your back up.
Total carbs, 42 grams, but only 5 grams per serving
are digestible in your money.
Well, what is that?
Some kind of a scam?
I don't think so.
Try it.
Try it.
And you probably won't.
Or anything else.
Dreamfield, baby.
Would you get a right dreamfield?
And we put that thing on our website yet or what?
It's been sent along.
Or we had a sentence in Eric?
Yes, I'm not able to do that.
Of course.
Well, why and why not?
It's like a news story.
I don't have the power.
Are you willing to put it up as a story?
Yeah, put it on our homepage.
Oh, what is a story?
It's just put the link up for people.
What are you talking about?
Do you want me to diagram it like a story?
It's their homepage.
He sent me.
Do you want to interpret what he's talking about for me?
I'm going to put up a link.
There's going to be a link up.
That's you know, for people to go to.
Right.
With like a label over it saying, you know, click here for this
and that.
What's wrong with that?
Can't we set up right under 9?
Let the loose change right under the picture of Osama Yamama
that morphs into OJ?
Can't we do that?
Oh, sure.
Well, good.
Let's do it.
Well, let's not wait for fat Eric.
He's probably probably cooking up a storm now.
This is real rock.
I'm going to cover this thing up.
Up is 5'16".
Two two two two three.
The episode will rip.
Two two two two three.
Have you seen that one on the whole?
I'll tell you the笑able.
I keep on working on firsts but never hit it all.
I hate to run there planning.
None one is ever gone.
Got some advice for you.
You'll fall and you'll say the same power goes.
I'm flying up those quick mix, I'm spending all my green.
Pulling money from my wallet that always leaves me clean.
I'm off by 20 inches, with every ball that falls.
I'm in death thanks to my picks and you'll say the same power goes.
Yes, I'm a power ball loser, you come where I am, but this power ball loses.
Got gambling that's first in.
Let me take you on a roll for where we used to have mow from two to four,
and that's because we're still dragging our feet, diddling around.
And of course, what would you expect when we got clearance at the Beast and Robert Grieber,
running the radio station in Joyce?
We got Joe Bell, who's just like I told you, he's the class clown.
What do they used to have in England back in the day?
The court jester, remember that?
Yeah, that's Joe Bell, here's our court jester.
Father, what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Deputy QA and hello.
And the things keep going as they are when that next book comes out,
maybe he'll be crying the tears of a clown.
Cute.
I'm waiting to hear it, smoke you, come on, let's go.
Hey, here is speaking of the Lord.
You're very favored.
Catherine Harris.
Finding inspiration from God, the last of the mohicans and the Lord of the Rings.
Catherine Harris told hundreds of conservative Christians this past weekend.
She's a work in progress.
Oh, she's a piece, all right?
Harris told the National Television audience last Wednesday that she'd be spending
$10 million of roll and London to win Florida's US center race,
so she would never have entered politics if she didn't believe that God wanted to make
public service part of her life.
Like the president.
Oh, God.
Oh, yeah, I want her to be the candidate, all right?
I want Bill Nelson to be there by about 40 points and they can't fix it.
The Sarasota area congresswoman's campaign for the Senate has been in a free fall.
She has struggled to raise money nearly all her top campaign advisers have left.
Several tried to persuade her to quit the race saying she had no chance of winning
none, zip ity due to, but appearing on Fox News Channel's Hannity and Coums,
Harris said she will not enter campaign and will spend her legacy from her father,
everything I have.
Oh, give it to us instead.
Can you believe what the beast was saying?
Now, Josh would know because you've been there.
You've plunged a little bit at all.
You don't play the slots.
Although I will tell you, I told you, my friend won the 10 grand that one time.
Yeah.
It was his first poll for like a quarter.
He put in one quarter.
He put in a quarter, one 10 grand on one poll.
Hmm.
But that business where you've got to play nine coins, blah, blah, blah,
to get the progressive jackpot.
Nine?
Yeah.
Yeah, it sounds like a Robert Creeper product has sooner than me.
I'll pass.
More than 800 conservative Christians were attending a two-day annual conference
called Reclaiming America for Christ at the anxious crawl-rich Presbyterian church in Forlornadale.
That's the anxious reverend to the D. James Kennedy.
Harris received a standing ovation when she routed the pulpit from these far-bicinograms.
She told the crowd that she studied under Francis Schaeffer and Geneva Switzerland.
Schaeffer is considered a founder of the modern evangelical movement,
which encourages advocating Christian beliefs in public life.
Schaeffer and his book, A Christian Manifesto, called for Christian activists,
did demand biblical morality and government affairs.
Harris, a Presbyterian, said, she redirected her life to the Lord when she was only in the third grade.
She said she was blessed to be raised in a godly family.
It's godly rich family.
The two-term congressman is best known for a role in fixing the 2000 presidential election.
Many Democrats and Republicans believe that Harris will be able to use the famed-erased millions
for a campaign once he'd ever had Bill Nelson,
but Harris hasn't been able to raise the large sums.
By the end of 2005, Nelson had more than $8 million in his campaign account.
Harris had a little more than one million.
The chairman of Standa Ray, she said she's getting inspiration from Bill Bright's book,
the joy of supernatural thinking, believing in God for the impossible.
Everything is possible with God, said Harris, who never directly mentioned her Standa campaign.
She said to his young woman, she was inspired by the movie The Lies of the Moheakens,
because people were willing to die for something bigger than themselves.
Harris was also moved by the Lord of the Rings movies, saying they too suggest that sometimes
Emerson and life is bigger than the individual.
After her speech, she declined to meet with reporters.
Later, she visited the Palm Beach Seafood Festival, where she mingled with a crowd.
She took the wrong lesson from those movies.
Yeah, the evil I'm gonna say is evil is doomed to fail, bitch.
That means you.
No, we're happy that she's run.
I'm excited, because she's gonna fail.
If the Democrats wanted to pick a better candidate, they couldn't find,
except maybe Preston Hen.
At least he's good for a few y'all.
That's what Nick Navarro said.
Airelite, oh wait a minute.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think they ought to be looking into the timely depth of her father right about the same time she needs the cash for her campaign.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Also, I don't know if anybody would drink in a safe place.
What do you always drink in a safe place?
They're all of the strength.
What is it?
Ileana Ross Greentooth was on Bill Smoore and she got it, ripped a new one by Belzer, the comedian.
And John Stewart was ripping Rick Sanchez on the Daily Show the other day.
I always liked that John Stewart did several turns.
He was ripping Rick Sanchez, just everything.
Well, I can't imagine why.
Yeah, it was pretty good.
Does it make any sense?
No, I am out of material.
Okay.
All right.
Too bad, too late.
I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil, so I might as well have one with you too.
So, airline pilots sing off from MIA are getting an earful of hip-hop tunes from a power radio station
that sometimes interferes with their communications with the control power.
The music comes on a pair of frequencies from a station that calls itself Dust Streets,
DA, S-T-R-E-T-Z, Dust Streets.
It's intermittent, not all day every day, said Kathleen Bergen, an F-A-S spokeswoman,
but clear communication between your controlling the pilot's critical part of flying.
There you go.
It's on the streets.
That's what them young sexualist knew.
You wanted to know the answer, there's the answer, that's the last.
To some crappy old AM radio station that's run by a bunch of crazy people.
A authority traced the signals to an antenna nearby warehouse, but did not find the dish-jockey,
although it did confiscate equipment including three computers and a CD player.
Come at one.
Despite that discovery in the season, the broadcasts have continued the authority.
Said, a call student come and yesterday an FAA weekend contact number in Atlanta was answered by a man
who said he was too busy to talk.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
The FAA said it's conducted about 30.
FOT-TURN MAN!
Some of our investigations of pilot broadcasts interfered with airport transmissions over the past decade.
The FDLE is helping with the investigation under a state law that went into effect a year ago.
The law makes it a felony to interfere with signals from licensed public or commercial stations
or to broadcast without a license like we do every day.
Authority said the owner of the warehouse had no idea the building was being used by an illegal radio-exhaustion.
Well, they are.
All you people out there always go into bed for the pilot radio station to screw that man and the pirates.
By the way, don't watch that awful secret window with Johnny Depp speaking of pirates.
Let's see.
So, all I can see in the past, do I have one question if you see him and pick their burger together?
And George, what's your take on the new episodes of the soprano?
It says this fax.
First one, good second one, bad.
And all I can see in the designer, fax designer, we know who that was.
It's heard in the name.
You never even heard him.
No.
He's dead, nobody cares. That's why I didn't put it on. Who cares?
Generally, which group of self-reliance bugs you the most? Pisses you off.
819 votes. We'll make 1000 today, Josh.
If you're lucky or not, you're impressed.
Very.
Good.
By the way, raise any money if that thing?
I did. Yeah, I think I got 100 bucks.
Oh, well, we don't have any idea how much what the deal is.
What we got?
We'll get a total eventually.
Yeah, eventually I'll get around to it.
And like I said, I'm done.
That's right.
Remember that song Count Me In by Gary Lewis and the Playboys?
Nope.
Yes, you do. Count Me In. Count Me Out.
I don't see the link on there, by the way, to this dream feels.
Is it coming on here? Is it like Mr. Joe?
There you go. Count Me In. I told you, Gary Lewis, when he started speaking again.
And if you're father, but you're a Lewis, you probably could speak in two.
What year?
60, 6 plus, 6 to 5.
I was going to say 65.
But in one, always counts for good.
Gary Lewis and was so Jewish.
825 votes on the pool.
Cubans 254, New Yorkers 131.
Rednecks pissed me off 70.
I voted for Cubans just to piss you off.
Senior citizen 87, well, because I knew they would win.
Senior citizen 67, I like to jump on the bandwagon.
I like to stop for a day's band.
Jump on the bandwagon.
We love the panthers.
They're really hot.
Let's go.
French Canadian 60, Haitians 48, or is that Haitians?
I'm sorry.
I like everybody 44.
I hate everybody 42.
See, men and men's alike.
They balance each other out.
African-Americans 38.
I hate this pool 24.
Jews 21.
Jumeikens 8, Mon.
See, nobody don't like the Jumeikens because they got the good crap.
Radio chronics, a 6.
Radio sales holes 6.
Yez 4, and Robert Creeper I think is already covered in one of the above.
He ain't on there yet.
This, a Robert Creeper.
This is 5.
Sixty-two-eighths.
Floridians, done as der...
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Welcome on.
Nice to see you.
Today, on the herb Sc do I say it.
Right now it's 11 quelques.
We have bowl from 2 Look for what we will say.
And then we have marlen الك.
Carapほrippzi pregame bal frotta animal tutorial orinova.
Or you can use it happen in this or NO video or video as anuesday, if you stay with me for the next 1-1 Karma
you can get relevant videos on this video.
Here comes Harender Alvio, long《Arical Returning Nail》 Guide77
the food memo. What I would be? Yeah, not even close. Not even close. On a different
level. What? That whole eating of the air business, the diet radio. Not even close.
From Josh Darrow, aka Clarence, our program director at Carman Company, Joe Bell, to QM
employees. Ray Beast and Greeper. I have enlisted Brian London and Robert Greeper to assist
me in running the WDQM Programming Department. If they ask you for something, please comply.
They are communicating decisions I have made goals I have made and goals that I have for the radio
station. They are communicating decisions I have made and goals that I have for the radio station
since Clarence an overgrown child. Yeah, please consider that when they contact you and if any
issues arise, please handle them respectfully and professionally. Also, if I cannot be found and
Brian and Robert have been with WDQM for a long time, how many years? Yeah, and they are deserving
of this. They are passionate about the station and care about its sound and success. I am glad they
have agreed to help me with this endeavor. The worst memo in the history of radio, okay?
Absolutely unbelievable. It is like a bunch of five year olds came into your business. Those of you
who are working in any kind of a business, like a bunch of five year olds came in and said,
okay, let's put out a memo. We are running things now. You don't want to understand?
If I told you once, I told you times that that that's what was going on. Joyce is guy, she
and Clarence are joining the hip. They are trying to do a snare drum. They are trying to do
the witches behind, okay? And so as a result, now Joe, who is just the, what did that comment
get? What was the word? The Corchester. The Corchester. And I just do not. He is just
handed the keys to the Kingdom over to these children. It is WCUM all over again, boys and girls,
oh boy, you made a mistake. 27.00 to QM, but we just continue press it along and that's
the way it will be. One day we will be like a Chinese laundry instead of press it along and
we press in pants. But that's okay. Why not? As long as the check keeps coming in. Oh, it also,
by the way, on Wednesday, now is it possible, Joyce, because you probably know more about
the M and the NIT basketball. Is it possible? There could be a day game? Yeah, I think it is.
Is it? Well, let's worry about that. If the hurricanes beat Craton, well, what about if they lose
their done? This is one of those deals you don't get twice. But if they beat Craton, well,
Craton is like a long beach state, okay? Like a little girl school, if you ask me, Craton?
Well, I remember a Dave Craton, a hockey player went to play for the Amhersts and for Least for
about five minutes. You never know what the hurricanes basketball team as well. What do you mean by that?
Let me tell you something, pal. Long beach states and girls school. Oh! So if they win tonight,
wish their friends on KEP because nobody wants to hear it. Obviously, we're not going to
preempt the Panther game because they, Alan Cohen, would be really peeled about that.
Let's see, we got the link on there that the Dreamfield? No. I see Rumsfield. Representative
Murthus is Rumsfield and Cheney should resign. Retire. But I don't see no Dreamfield yet.
Is it going on there or not? Don't play with my emotions now. This is important stuff.
More important, please. I'm sure it'll be up there soon. On other words,
Erickie's got his fine fat finger involved in this. He has to do. Oh, God, I know where that's been.
Now, here's one that says resilience. Oh, let's add that to the pool. How many resilience we got in
South Florida? About 30, man. I didn't realize you're going to like narrow down.
I'm going to pick out a few. I've come to understand.
Resignants. It says they're all illegal. They work for four bucks an hour and they do crappy work.
Well, it says Schmitty quality work. They live 12 people per house. They drive like Mania.
Portuguese gibberish. Well, they just speak Portuguese. That's true. They park on their lawns.
They're sneaky. Slice nasty. They have those ugly, damn blue and green sticker-slice flags.
And what the hell does Brascar mean? I don't know. I don't know. Brascar. I don't know.
That's the last.
The last.
Delicati Brasco. Speaking of Johnny Depp.
Maybe somebody will call in and tell us what Brascar means if we want to take any calls.
I got all that dream field apostasy stuff that I'm going to go into in great detail about new-ish.
Well, that's a good time to start doing that. It's when people are eating their launch.
Right. Meanwhile, see, I like the way the phone is working because they're coming in like one
call. It's a little really interesting. And then half the time there's nobody on there.
So it has to feel bad about not taking all the call. WQAM. Hello. QAM.
Yeah, we made a clean sleep on a sweet sleep.
Boy, these people outside the last couple of weeks, general, what's going on?
Must be the sunshine. Must be melting their brain. WQAM. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, it's one of the tell me what that was. Brascar was.
What is it? That's just a bunch of these stores near my house. There's budget car dealers.
That's what it says. The RIS, the AR, they sell cars.
In other words, it's a Brazilian car.
Yeah, Brazilian car dealership. They sell used cars.
Okay. I don't know how they're going there anytime soon.
There you go. Brascar. I mean, they say, Brazilian thing.
I don't know too much about Brazilians.
Brazil. I remember Andre Scatter screaming and yelling and
breathing his gun. So I'm right.
The other one that's always talking about how the men are met and so are the women.
Well, that's what I'm hearing. Yeah. That's what they say in Rio and São Paulo.
I told that at one time I was going to go to São Paulo.
And then I realized it was a nine hour flight from Miami.
Boy, it's a long way down there. It's a long way down.
And nine hours, man, you could fly like to Europe and then some.
You could fly probably to Iraq in nine hours.
When you want to go to Baghdad. Oh, yeah. Sure.
WKWAM. Hello.
If you want to go to Spain.
Well, that's too broad, man. It's like saying, you know, a Latino people.
We need more than a narrow, narrow way down.
We got Brazil. Brazilians on there.
Let's everybody go to Brascar and buy a used Brazilian car.
What do you say? Brazilians don't have any votes here. It's just one honor.
I read it got 856. We got the thousand leaked.
How we coming on that thing, Eric, on our thing?
Dreamfields.
I got let's see. Greenfield.
Let's just see if you want to hear the Brothers forcing greenfield.
Click here. I would see nothing about greenfields.
Posses really pissing me off big time.
I usually don't get pissed off about the website.
But now it's like frosting my fat ass.
It's the most important thing I've discovered in my whole life.
Maybe.
Well, one of the most important.
You don't think it's important crap?
Sure it is.
I mean, a diabetic since one of the worst things that we have to give
is our pasta, pasta la pasta, man.
And all of a sudden you can have it back.
And right here at the box on the front it says,
right on the box, digestible carbs, 5 grams per serving.
65% lower glycemic index than regular pasta.
Twice the fiber of regular pasta.
And actually cholesterol, 3 and 0 grams of trans fat.
What's not to like, right?
Beside rubber, gripper.
Somebody QAM, hello?
QAM?
How we had a bloodless coup, yes, man?
I just want to come to you. I'm sorry.
I think it's to that full the other day.
But I know one, I guess, apparently the one young white girl
who lives in the show.
Oh, right.
That's you. Well, thank you so much.
I would have put one on, but I love you.
And I love George.
He has such a sexy voice.
He is.
Wait till you see him.
That will change your mind in a hurry.
Okay, thanks.
We will.
I don't care.
Bye.
Okay.
I have to go.
It is like voices.
That's okay.
Like email is.
forne.com.
That's where they will be.
W-A-D-Q-I-M, hello?
I'm not really sure whether that is the real thing.
Yeah, the real, real thing.
Yes, I don't know what I don't care.
That's the sound this spaghetti makes when it's boiling over.
Yeah, that's the deal you'll sound.
Yeah.
Come any Q-A-M, hello?
Hey, Neil.
That's the sound is coming out of the pod.
Yes.
Hey, can I have that gross number?
Listen, you know, George said something the other day.
And I actually dug through my collection of years and years of your yearly tapes
about the Dwayne stomping and she's right.
In all those versions, it never made sense.
And I found the tape that I made years ago, it's like,
yeah, there's belong to me.
The original one goes out of the tree in a half minutes.
We notice back in the days of when you and how Randell were pretending to be gay.
I mean, yeah, it's still doing that, are you?
No, just Alice.
Good, put you out.
Bye.
That's a big sharad.
First of all, we never played any comedy bits in WNW's news.
Okay, so get with it, pal.
As far as Alice Randell.
Faaaaming!
Sofading.
WNQAM, hello.
2AM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, you know, tomorrow's there coming out with a
gay for Xbox, a godfather?
Coming out with what?
A game for the Play System guy Xbox.
Okay, great. I can't wait.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA10.
So good.
It's new and it's at Burger King.
Godfather Trulls' reaction figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 knob action figures with each
whopper fries and super large drink.
And that's a super large drink.
No exceptions.
Get Sonny in his favorite garbage can.
So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out Sonny's sister
or get the bullet-rattle body of Sonny after he gets it at the Jersey Tollboot.
Wow, isn't that great?
Impress all your friends with the Don himself.
I'll make him an offer. He can't repair.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the godfather action figures.
Remember, it's only business and it's at Burger King.
Let me tell you something about my brother, Nick.
It's 1144 or 16 until noon at QAM.
What time's the Marling game on anyway?
About 1130?
That's good.
That's a little late.
Iraqi cleric was gazed killed in the most severe way,
not lightly killed like Monty Python, but in the most severe way.
In the midst of sectarian violence that threatened to drag Iraq into civil war,
the country's influential Shiite cleric, Grant Ayatollah Ali Al-Sastani,
is issued a violent death order against Gaze and Lesbians on his website,
according to London-based LGBT Human Rights Group Outrage.
Written in Arabic, the Fatwa, the Fatwan, comes from a press conference with a powerful
religious cleric where he was asked about the judgment on Sodom and Lesbians.
Forbidden, Sastani answered, according to our rage,
Pynastin fact killed, the people involved should be killed in the worst
most severe way of killing.
Kill them like heavily and so lightly.
Considering Sastani's stature and influence within the Iraqi Shiite majority,
Outrage members, Al-Member Ali, Hili, the clear of the cleric statements,
extremely dangerous.
Sastani's murderous homophobic incitement has given a green light to Shia Muslims
to hunt him kill Lesbians and gay men instead, Hili.
We hope Sastani personally responsible for the murder of Lesbians gay
bisexual and transgender Iraqis to give the killer's theological section and encouragement.
Kind of like George Bush.
Sastani is a leading member and voice of the Shiite sect, which in Iraq has approximately twice as many
fathers as the Sunni.
And there is a civil war going on, but it's only like a small civil war.
That's what I'm saying now.
Yeah, in fact, that's what Chuck Hagel said yesterday on this week with George Stephan
top of us.
He said, it's a low grade civil war.
The generals have told him it's a low grade civil war.
Very civil.
High-grade civil war.
But then again, they're low grade people, somebody expect something high grade?
No.
Ads offered to swap rent for sex.
All right.
There you go, George.
All right.
Upscale executive states beautiful female 18 and 24 living in his luxury condo and cruel
vehicles for a dollar a month and exchange for some light duties.
Help take your dog, cook occasionally, sex two times a week.
Series inquiries only, please email a picture for consideration.
Sex two times a week.
That's not much.
No.
Like the cruel gablesman who offer that startling picture in a recent posting on the
popular website craigslist.com, which is not the same as GreenfieldPosta.com.
Craigslist.com is among growing pool of men who routinely see sexual favors in the room for
rent sex of internet ads.
Such posting is the type of bartering of homeless for sex.
Are not only worsen because they target young women who may be desperate for affordable housing
and so forth as hard as hard real estate climate, they may also be illegal.
They would be of concern to us at Sergeant Kelly Sullivan with the
Dave Police Department's Organized Crime Unit.
It's a former prostitution because they're enticing young girls and maybe strapped for cash.
How about some young girls who want to be strapped for free?
Okay.
That's better.
Trading your own projects over the internet is relatively fresh to rain for law enforcement.
So much so that Solomon admitted he wasn't aware this was happening.
In the vastly unregulated world of the internet room for rent ads in the classified
sections of various internet sites have become the new friends here to solicit sex and seek
other exacting demands.
Requirements that indicate a preference for a particular religion, race or ethnicity,
for instance, may violate federal housing laws and legal analists say one group in Chicago
was found to lawsuit against craigslist not about the sexual ads but pertain to ads that
demand roommates of a particular race or religion or set up any preference protected by
federal law.
The men who posted sexually explicit ad-seeking women or the men didn't respond to repeated
requests for interviews, the herald found no ads by women making similar sexual demands.
What a shame.
Well, maybe they ought to.
That distinction said Sophie Breon, director of the Miami Chapter of the Women's Movement now,
is a fair sign that women continue to be marginalized and exploited.
Oh yeah, there we go with that crap again.
Advertisements to listening women for a certain, I mean since the beginning of time women have
been marginalized and exploited so while you bible-fury people out there, that's what it says, okay?
Advertisement soliciting women for sexual exchange for housing are offensive and disturbing,
she says.
They're an indicator of how much work still needs to be done to eradicate institution
inequities and harmful attitudes for a woman that persist.
The game was that was removed after craigslist users complained to side operators,
a practice to side noted.
But a similar ad has been posted in the online classified section of the alternate
weekly, the mommy new times, the new times.
In addition to please for sex postings include demands of prospective tenants,
be it a specific race or religion of attractive, of course.
Willing to walk the dog, go club hopping, clean the house while clad and only lacy underwear,
and perform sensual massages often at deeply discarded rents or free.
Deep massages.
Free rent for a party girl with several exclamation points, if you'd like the party to want to pay rent,
well then send a pick and some info about yourself.
I'll find out like what I see.
I'll email my phone number.
This interview around Broward.
The number of sites actually explicit ads vary on any given day from dozens to a handful,
a small handful.
A search Friday on craigslist for a sexually suggested roommate ads and stuff,
for to find at least six such ads among potentially thousands on the site.
Craigslist, we don't want to give it on here,
C-R-A-I-G-S-L-I-S-T craigslist.com.
Okay.
In Miami, South Diaz said he posted an online ad for a young and attractive female to share his
two bedroom through the department for 465 bucks because that's exactly what the young and
handsome 26-year-old mortgage broker wanted. I decided not to be around to bush with the
internet, you never know what you're going to get. I get a lot of phone calls from guys if you were
kind of weird, sales said. I wonder how he made out.
South Florida is not the only fertile terrain for ads that stipulate questionable demands.
The Chicago Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights recently filed a lawsuit against Craigslist
for allowing ads to group the Dean's Discriminatory.
The suit argues that since July 2005 Craigslist is a lot more than 100 ads to run unchallenged
on its Chicago-based site. The ads include since language is no minorities, Christians only,
and non-woman of color need not apply. Similar ads have appeared in South Florida postings on Craigslist.
Here's one 375 bucks Christian Female to Share One Bedroom Miami Beach apartment.
I'm looking for a Christian Female to Share a Clean and Simple One Bedroom apartment
to bless from the beach. Internet companies have long argued that they're immune from
any liability based on a section of the 1966 Communications Decency Ag 96.
They're interpretation of federal law and internet providers who are not liable for users'
postings because the sites are merely facilitators and not publishers. All those sites are as
Craigslist have I've income through partnerships with other internet companies. Many of the
services have provided are free. How you like that? And it goes on and on. Craigslist.com,
we have nothing to do with that and we're not promoting it nor will we give it out on the year.
Will we? No. No more than twice. Now how are we doing at the thing?
We got it. Let's not be there. I sent him a little chat in the chat box.
He's not there. I haven't done it. He's not. He's not. The public's looking for the dreamfields
post and are you kidding me? I think so. Oh, but you know the one day that we need him
desperately that we need his services on it because Jack can't seem to get it up
is the day he's not there. I'm not trying to frost your friend ass.
No, that really. Well pisses me off big time. Eric.
That's bad. Train kills seven on reality TV show. A solid story. In Machimideo Uruguay.
They're fed to Uruguay? No. Oh, they're a little puppy. He went with a little brown eye.
Yeah. Shrouda. There's your girlfriend. They're in Kagan. She's talking about
the first little brown eyes. His BDIs. Seven residents of a Uruguayan town were killed Friday when
they were run over by a train. They were moving manually as part of reality TV show and
they're raising funds for local hospital. Can't get much more real than that. What's a dead people?
Several hundred townspeople from young about 235 miles west of the capital of Machimideo were
hauling a locomotive and two attached cars down a track, pushing and pulling from different
sides when some participants fell into the wheels. Several other people were hurting Friday
sex and three of them critically. I witnessed Anna Portella told local radio station that the
train was moving when somebody slipped and found the locomotive and others were falling alongside it.
There were shouts and somebody said, my arm, Portella said. Everybody was in a state of shock.
The residents were taking part of the program a challenge to the heart in which Uruguayan communities
can raise funds for local charities by completing difficult tasks set by the network. In this case,
moving a train in a certain distance down the railroad tracks. We're deeply said in Channel 10,
that's not our channel. It offers its solidarity and support to the families involved in this
unexpected tragedy that came in fact while they were trying to help others. They said,
it's postman for the network here in the Maldives Show.
The boy, they're going to get sued or what, huh? Yeah, absolutely.
Big time. Line nine, QAM, Eddie line. Hello?
Yes. Does this have the QAM?
Yes, sir.
I got that website that Neil is looking for.
What's that?
It's a dreamfieldfood.com.
Right. Got it?
Thanks, pal. Thanks.
Oh, right. How do you like that? He's got it. That's good.
I know what the website is, pal. I did not, did you get it?
Josh, whatever your name is, did you get it?
Did I get it? Yeah, I got to send you the link with that title.
I got it.
At all the proper, proper gander.
Okay. Right.
About dreamfields pasta, low carb, miracle, it's miracle stuff.
The greatest discovery of my life.
And for some reason, we just can't get it off.
We cannot get it on our website.
We got air be kind of crap in the history mankind is on our website.
I mean, some good stuff.
We still got to dig anything.
Go shootin' with old dead eye dick.
Right.
We got that on it.
Right.
We got the thing for the Happy 30th anniversary with a picture of the CD that's selling
like hotcakes, not and the t-shirts and the link to the online store
and the listing of all the tracks that we run the CD that really helped a lot.
And we can't even get a number of what we got.
And you want to know why?
Because Josh is busy doing basketball and Robert and the Beast are busy doing each other.
And Miguel is nowhere to be found.
And I'm trying to ask, ask me what I'm more excited about.
The fundraising campaign or that memo?
I don't have to ask.
No, I think it's a draw.
So you've got that.
You sent it to Eric and I was just sittin' in limbo somewhere, right?
This is true.
Well, that's not good.
Not a good thing, Eric.
He said he'd put it up as soon as he got off the phone.
But that was what we said.
Get off the phone, fatso.
Okay, oh, he's doing business.
Yeah.
You're going to send him something in the mail.
Okay, I sure hope he opens it very slowly.
Michael Frick, I'm Criteon.
In the New York Times writes, this essay breaks the law.
This is kind of interesting, okay?
I sure hope that it isn't all chopped off on the right hand side.
And I sure hope we do the break first because once I started.
And then right after I get through with this,
I'm going to go in that whole thing about Dreamfield.
Whether or not Eric's got it up there or not.
I really don't care.
Oh, my phones are going to mean there must be something downstairs.
So in that case,
this is Neil Roger.
Where the hit beat it 12 to 1 are on WQA.
4, 3, 2, 1, and the left off.
You had fun, they won't pass along.
See you crazy either pinpointing or stopped.
I know it sounds crazy, then we're talking tongue over.
Where hit you
Do do do, baby we can avoid
Asking us to the move do
You've got oil like your rock, so you think you're a slick.
You think you're so great.
You think you're so great.
But beware, you're counting one spell push that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Push that.
We know your country doesn't bother with diplomacy.
You rather blow us up than try to get us to a free.
Opey hey.
That's it, bum.
Take on it, get on.
The threats won't stop.
And take on it, get it on.
No one will agree that TV and humanity.
You know you will be gone.
If you try to use that nuclear bomb.
Oh, boy.
560 WQM deadfaxes and says in an apple I said a hearing on a proposed cost to a
amendment to avoid the game marriage, Jamie Raskin, Professor of Law at AU, was
requested to testify.
He did so.
At the end of his testimony, right wing senator said, Mr. Raskin, my Bible says marriage is
only between a man and a woman.
What do you have to say about that?
Raskin replied, Senator, when you took your oath of office, you placed your hand on the
Bible and swore to uphold the Constitution.
You'd not place your hand on the Constitution and swear to uphold the Bible.
I'll do it.
You're really up to it into applause.
And that says, thanks for the CD and T-shirts.
Thanks for having us, Abdiv.
I just checked out our website still out there.
This is turning into a major project.
The one time in my life that I would like to have gotten something on there like, you
know what I'm saying?
Like Real Ponto, Tonto?
Nothing.
Timely fashion.
Michael Critein, who's an author, who's the latest thing is, what's his latest book, State
of Fear?
writes, this essay breaks the law.
The earth revolves around the sun.
The speed of light is a constant.
Apple's fall to earth because of gravity.
Elevated blood sugars linked to diabetes.
Elevated Curec acid is linked to gout.
Elevated Homo cysteine is linked to heart disease.
Elevated Homo cysteine is linked to B12 efficiency, so Dr. Chateau's Homo cysteine levels
to see whether the patient needs vitamins.
Actually, I can't make that last statement.
A corporation has patented that fact and demands a royalty for its use.
Anyone who makes the fact public and encourages doctors to test for the condition and treat it can be sued for royalty fees.
Any doctor who reads the patient's test results and even thinks of vitamin deficiency infringes the patent.
A federal circuit court held that mere thinking violates the patent.
All of this may sound absurd, but it's the heart of a case that will be argued before the Supreme Court on Tuesday tomorrow.
In 1986, researchers filed a patent application for a method of testing levels of Homo cysteine and amino acid in the blood.
Remember Dr. Collie and McKilmer, whatever name was?
Colton?
They went one step further and asked for the patent on the basic biological relationship between Homo cysteine and vitamin deficiency.
A patent was granted that covered both the test and the scientific fact.
Eventually, a company called Metabolite took over the license for the patent.
Although Metabolite does not have a monopoly on test methods, other companies may Homo cysteine test too,
they assert licensing rights and the correlation of elevated Homo cysteine with vitamin deficiency.
A company called LabCorp used a different test, but posted an article mentioning the patent in fact.
Metabolite sued a number of grounds and is won in court so far.
The what's a Supreme Court will focus on is the nature of the claimed correlation.
On the one hand, courts have repeatedly held that basic bodily processes and products of nature are not patentable.
That's why no one owns gravity or is the speed of life.
But at the same time, courts have granted so-called correlation patterns for many years.
Powerful forces are laid on both sides of the issue.
In addition, there's the bizarre question whether simply thinking about a patent in fact infringes the patent.
The idea smacks of thought control to say nothing about enforceability,
it seems like something out of a novel by Philip K. Dick or Kafka,
but it highlights the uncomfortable truth that the patent doctors and the courts have in recent decades
ruled themselves into a corner from which they must somehow extricate themselves.
For example, a human genome exists in every one of us and is therefore our shared heritage and an undoubted fact of nature.
Nevertheless, 20% of the genome is now privately owned.
The gene to diabetes is owned and it's new owner has something to say about any research you do and what will cost you.
The entire genome of the hepatitis C virus is owned by a biotech company.
Royalty costs now influence the rest of research in basic diseases and often even the testing for diseases.
Such barriers to medical testing and research are not in the public interest.
Do you want to be told by your doctor, oh nobody studies your disease anymore because the owner of the gene enzyme correlation is made to expensive and do research?
The question about the basic truths of nature can be owned or not to be confused with the concerns about how we pay for biotech development
and whether we'll have drugs in the future and so on. If you invent a new test you may patent it in self as much as you can if that's your goal, company's concerned the owner test they invented.
But they shouldn't own the disease itself or the gene that causes the disease or essential underlying facts about the disease.
The distinction is not difficult even though patent lawyers attempt to blur it.
And even if correlation patents have not been granted, the overwhelming majority of medical correlations including those listed above are not owned and shouldn't be.
Unfortunately for the public the metabolite cases only one example of how much broader patients problem is in this country, patent problem.
We grant patents at a level of abstraction that is unwise and it's gotten us in trouble in the past.
Some years back doctors relied to patent surgical procedures and sue other doctors to use their methods without paying a fee, a blizzard of lawsuits followed.
This unhealthy circumcised was halted 96 by the AMA in Congress which decided that doctors couldn't sue other doctors for using patent and surgical procedures but the meat goes on.
Companies have panned the method of hiring and real estate agents depend on the way they sell houses, lawyers now advise athletes to patent their sports moves and screenwriters to patent their movie plots.
My screenplay for Jurassic Park was cited as a good candidate he says.
When it is all this lead, it means that if real estate agent lists the house for sale, he can be sued because the existing patent for selling houses includes item number seven, list the house.
It means that Kobe Bryant may serve as an inspiration but not a model because nobody can imitate him without fines.
It means that nobody can write a dinosaur story because my patent includes 257 items covering all aspects of behavior like item number 13, dinosaurs attack humans and other dinosaurs.
Such a situation is idiotic of course yet elements of it already exist and unless we begin to turn the things around it will be worse things are coming.
I wanted to end this I say by telling a story about how current rulings hurt us but the patent for ending an essay with an anecdote is owned.
So I thought to end with a quotation from a famous person but that strategy is patented too.
Then I decided to end abruptly but abrupt ending for dramatic effect is also patented. Finally I decided to pay the end with summary patent fee since it was least expensive.
The Supreme Court should rule against the tabloid and the patent office should begin to reverse its strategy of patenting strategies.
Basic truths of nature cannot be owned. Oh and by the way I own the patent for essay or letter criticizing a previous publication.
So anyone who criticizes what I said here better pay a worldly first or I'll see you in court. That's great.
Not good you go Mike. Yeah you go Mike. Crick that right and he looks in brighten not.
We're going to get that thousand votes today and we're also going to get that thing up on our website if the last and ever does before he meets Marvin Maker I'll tell you that right now we got on there yet. No.
Well what is the business with this he's got he's obviously off doing something.
He's responding to the little chats in the chat box. Maybe it.
944 votes on a poll generally which group of South Koreans bugs you the most pisses you off.
Humans 287 New York is 149 red next 79 French Canadian 72 senior citizen 68 I hate everybody 53.
Haitians 51 I like everybody 49 how terminally boring African Americans 44 I hate this pool 28 Jews 25 radio chronics 12.
Jamaicans 10 radio sales holes seven Brazilians five now and Gays five how about gay Brazilians there's lots what I hear.
We're men are men. Yeah 5 6 7 0 5 6 I'm going to get to my dream fields pasta.
I got a big thing on it here now should I do it or not. Yeah do it. The only way they're going to hear about it.
They're not going to read about it on the website. Good point that's for damn sure even George is not getting out Eric.
Whoa too bad. So I'm really going to get an emergency. Maybe he ran out of a Burger King.
David Mendoza wrote this now let's see what was the original data this because I scoured the internet and of course I got it.
I eat it Friday Saturday and Sunday and it looks just like regular spaghetti authentic pasta dream fields healthy car believe me.
Like in macaroni and lasagna and what one other one. Hey I got a response in the eye.
And what I said he said he'll have it done in a few minutes.
Cup the crap Eric and give with it we never try to be pushy with you when you stand you trying to make a living in the set of all these things.
I'm saying Eric. This is the one time just this one time.
You can ask me about my business K.
And look what happened to K.
Although they didn't give back together again in.
Corleone and Sicily remember that yeah.
Godfather three they got that.
I'm not pretending that movie doesn't exist stop it.
Joey.
I saw there were some good moments in there and then of course it was the art spirit.
But I think that's flying. I love the way he was flying down the.
Starle Sturkey was where he was floating he was floating and he was.
The arch vision we have an understanding.
And then of course the Pope drank that back cup of tea.
Oi just like Milosevic and how's Ariel Sharon doing nothing over the weekend about poor Ariel.
You got a better chance of finding a TV aerial back on your back porch than you do from even if you don't have a porch.
Then hear you anymore about Ariel Sharon.
He you know what I just I just looked it up and you know what said what he's a tourist.
Anyway here's my box here.
There it is.
Dreamfields healthy car blaring digestible carves five grams and people are wondering what kind of mumbo jumbo because you know you do realize it during this low carb thing.
They're all those scams about things that supposedly had to realize it.
Right. Well I'm just repeating it just re iterating it.
That's why I was real skeptical about this movie skeptical David Mendos and I have no idea.
Maybe who he is. He's got a website mandoza.com.
Maybe he's got to play short stuff for the party.
I mean he's the one to create the mandoza line.
Fading average.
Mary O. Mendoza anyway he originally appeared April 19 2004 was last modified October 11 2005.
So that's only like few months ago.
Remember October of last year when we still had an audience and we had like real management instead of a bunch of children running around.
They get into the keys to the kingdom by the court gesture.
Seriously I just you know nothing he does should surprise me this guy this new guy nothing that should surprise me.
Because he is non-composed we miss it's very obvious to me he just you know he's just there.
He's a trebuchet guy in a chair going around backslap and in glant hand and then stuff like that.
How does Josh his deal coming by the way?
Hear any more about that any more?
Something more to hear man.
Oh what does that mean?
That's that's what it means.
It is what it is.
I don't understand.
Nothing more to hear in other words there's no resolution going to be made had done probably not.
Based on what are you basing that on something that's been said or just the fact that they're living a drift?
Well well there's no drift I mean there was something brought back to me and it was unacceptable right?
Pretty much and that was the end of that.
Yep well George is going to have to take better care of you.
Yeah yeah.
Dreamfields posse to a totally new low-car process by David Mendoza will do the break and I want to come back.
If you're not interested in this you better go away.
Because I'm going to take some time on this because I think this is a very important discovery.
It was for me change my life.
Change my life man.
Man.
Man.
Do you believe that?
Yeah.
And when you go out and get it in the fact that it's a public man they better stock a whole bunch of it real soon.
Because once we start really pushing this and once Eric gets it up there on website they're going to sell like maybe 5-10 even boxes of it.
This week, Meal Rogers.
At least by David March, he's 5-16-Q-A.
Oh Roger's huh.
Pushes a wheelie.
Watch it now watch it.
Start from the side of the path.
Another ever mysterious Mr. May.
Oh, why did he ask that guys?
What the hell did we do?
Don't keep the swine away out of hanging.
In the life of fortune, who is that going?
Who is that going?
I just wish you like the loser right.
Pushes a wheelie.
Pushes a wheelie.
I just wish a wheelie.
Here's your last time to leave.
To a home to wait.
Stop with all this madness.
That we must back who say.
Pushes a wheelie.
Pushes a wheelie.
Pushes a wheelie.
Pushes a wheelie.
Pushes a wheelie.
Watch it.
Pushes a wheelie.
Pushes a wheelie.
Oh, there's that link I was looking for not.
It's not on there.
Oh wait, but yes it is.
It's a good idea.
It's above OJ.
I mean above Osama, whoever that is.
It's right at the bottom of the pool.
There you go.
Nice going, Eric.
Now go away.
I'm sure he will.
And you click on it.
There's that whole page.
It's like a big ad.
And then you get a dollar coupon.
Now if I were you folks, I'd like you one box first
before we go get a case like I did.
I want you to get the big bucks like I do.
And then in which case you just toss it out if you don't like it.
I can't imagine not liking it.
Anyway, here's the propaganda on it.
It has the same taste and taste as your old fashioned possible.
It has essentially no effect on my blood glucose level.
My name is Van Dosen.
Again, that's his experience.
Each and every one will be different.
It says my blood should erupt about 50 to 70 points about an hour and a half after I take it.
And then it starts going back down again.
It's supposed to regular pasta, which would send it to un-unacceptable levels, like 400, 500 ridiculous numbers.
He writes, this sounds stupid to be true.
And maybe it is because there are still several other answered questions.
But whoever this guy is, who the hell is he?
What is the diabetes guy?
But based on my experience with eating dreamsfield pasta and long interview with the inventor,
I'm prepared to say that food technology has changed forever.
This is something new under the sun.
If you thought that the US has been engulfed by a low carb revolution,
you haven't seen anything yet other than Dreamfield's pasta,
the low carb technology is essentially around dilution.
They take out carbs and replace them with something else, usually fiber or protein.
One carbohydrate expert speculated that the Dreamfield's pasta must contain large amount of resistance starts
or other kinds of dietary fiber.
No, that isn't the way they did it.
It's a Dr. John Enthonson, the inventor of the process.
Dr. John, J.O.N.
The technology beyond Dreamfield's pasta results in most of the carbohydrate grams becoming protected
or non-digestible.
Dr. Enthonson tells me, it involves molecular, and I'll wait till you this.
Molecular interactions that help block the enzyme from attacking the carbohydrate starched
granule, it's not encapsulated.
We have basically created a situation where there's a matrix, more or less,
that has a tendency to attract the enzyme to the matrix and not the carbohydrate.
Do you understand that?
Oh, yeah.
Here, let me draw you that too.
These non-digestible carbohydrates aren't counted as fiber,
but they start to write as fiber in the colon, Dr. Enthonson says.
Correct them.
They perform just like any other fiber in the colon, whether it be as soluble or insoluble fiber
that is fermented, it acts the same.
Well, let me ask you a question.
Tim Dodd, CEO of Dakota Growers' pasta company in North Dakota,
another partner in the Dreamfield venture,
and describes the process somewhat differently, he says they make the pasta in four shapes,
spaghetti, elbows, pentegrita, and linguine, from Enrich's Durham Simmelina,
the crystal armate from Durham Wheat, a 52 gram, two ounce serving of Dreamfield pasta,
still includes 42 grams of total carbs, he says, but 37 are rendered non-digestible
by a fiber blend process for which a pant is pending.
The process leaves only five digestible carbs for a serving Dodd says.
The Dreamfield venture has a new company designed nutrition lines LLC,
includes Dakota Growers' pasta company, the third largest pasta manufacturer in North America,
Techcom Group LLC of Gainesville, Florida, the science and technology company
that Dr. Enthonson owns, and B-New, B-New Way Cincinnati Development and Marketing Company,
and B-Law Encaplum of Minnesota.
So far, the descriptions of the process are vague intentionally so,
because they plan to press conference that will disclose more of the process,
Dr. Enthonson says.
And again, keep in mind, this article is a little bit old.
Okay. It says, you might expect that a normal serving of Dreamfield pasta,
which contains four grams of fiber and 37 grams of non-digestible carbohydrates,
would have a major laxative effect.
Dr. Enthonson says, that tolerance says that double in triple portions had no gastrointestinal repercussions,
and I can vouch for myself, it's just the old normal single in and out.
You know what I'm saying? What he says.
Hey, well, this guy says, my family and I can vouch for the taste, texture,
logo, I seem to be in effect an absence of stomach distress.
I served Dreamfield pasta, Lingguini Melbo's Menus Spaghetti or Penny,
for dinner four times last week, a little bit over the top,
don't you think four times? I had a three times this weekend.
Here are my blood glucose levels tested for each meal.
Now this guy must, I don't know.
He claims I guess to be diabetic.
He had the elbows with cheese, milk, and eggs before he ate it,
it was 92 a sugar after 1 hours, 118.
I don't expect results like that.
Lingguini would ground beef and tomato sauce, 109,
and then after 1 hour, 118.
The Lingguini would saute mushrooms in a glass of Merlot before he ate it.
His sugar was 111 after an hour, it was down to 105 went down.
And the leftovers of this very same Lingguini with mushrooms and a glass of Merlot
before he ate 114 and after an hour, down to 100.
What?
A few other people have tested Dreamfield's Postery for results that aren't so promising.
One woman wrote on the low carb blog that I've tried this product three times
and I've looked at the levels on 50 to 70 points.
That's my experience.
And so what's a big deal with that?
If we started a reasonable number, so it goes up 50 to 70 points,
then it comes back down again.
What's the big service with that?
Huh?
Nothing?
Correct it.
Dr. Anfinson says his medical staff talked to two people including this woman who reported spikes.
They never were spikes.
They concluded that one of them had extremely high insulin resistance
and the other was using an effective meter for those who are highly insulin resistant
eating any carb because of spike.
Anyway, the bottom line is they're coming out with potato low carb potatoes
and low carb rice.
But he saw what he said.
That sounds good.
That sounds good.
Low carb rice.
I love rice.
We don't like rice.
So anyway, this guy, this Mendosa guy, Mary O'Mendosa, he says,
although questions remain, I think this product will be of great importance to diners
and people with diabetes.
The Dreamfield brand name resonates with the 89 movie Field of Dreams.
If you switch corn to wheat, I would in North Dakota, then what the company makes it the dream that we will come to buy it.
Based on my research and taste test, I think that Dream will come a huge reality and then his update.
Update.
A cross-pondered rice that her husband has diabetes and Dreamfields is a gift from heaven.
However, I found one problem and of course this is really bizarre.
Do you ever cook pasta in sauce?
Cook it?
No.
No.
If you cook the pasta in an acid sauce such as a tomato based sauce,
it seems to lose its low carb characteristics and the carbage become available for digestion.
Well, who the hell in the right mind would do that, only a mole rod?
I have a favorite recipe in which the pasta is cooked in the marinara sauce when I make it with Dreamfield.
My husband's blood glucose spikes up over 130 in the next morning.
If I make exactly the same recipe, but cook the pasta in water like a normal human being and stir the cooked pasta into the sauce,
his blood glucose will be in the mid-80s.
I've tried this twice with the same result each time.
And of course, he's busy cooking it in the sauce because he's trying to get rid of them.
How you like that?
Never heard of that.
So, well, I've heard of that.
People cook it in the sauce.
It's kind of a artsy, artsy stupid thing to do, especially with Dreamfield.
So, don't do it.
So, I'm cooking on our home page and right below the pool, there it is.
Dreamfield's pasta and it's actually spelled correct and there's the link to that whole page.
Tell you all about it and give you dollar coupon and tell you where to order it and it gives you all kinds of stuff.
Did you do it?
Did you click it?
No.
You're linking it?
No.
Well, why not?
I'm going to look forward to the show.
You're not hard to try to go get it?
Go to publics.
What a plan to do.
They'll have it until about three o'clock at the lobby off the shelves.
Nobody to QAM?
Hello?
QAM?
QAM?
Did you bring me a lot?
Yes.
Hello.
Can I talk to you?
Speaking.
You know.
Yes.
Have a shame, let's request.
Well, ask somebody else.
See that?
Here's some for it or maybe I go through this revolutionary piece of news, man.
We get it on our website.
I'm all whipped up into a frenzy.
The most exciting discovery about archivist, Shaman Rannisky, like a nerd with a radio blast in the back.
You're an idiot, man.
You're a moron.
Okay?
A moron.
Is there any doubt about it?
No.
In fact, let me scroll it for you.
M-O-R-O-M.
Absolutely.
How's it going, Mo?
God.
Who's QAM?
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, and how you doing?
Good.
Listen, I just went on your website and ordered your CD.
Yes.
And listen, I'm the jackass who called last week about that thing you guys didn't want to talk about.
I buy your thing every year.
Yeah.
I always support your charity.
I mean, you've got a valid pump, but we shouldn't want to politicize it on the air.
What is it?
I'm a jackass.
I admit.
Well, we know that.
But we, but you're a helpful jackass.
And we thank you for your money.
Okay.
Hey, listen, overpress it.
Yeah.
The turn of the shirt only comes extra large.
We're not all fat.
Believe me, t-shirts, uh, little hang on.
It'll be all right.
They should make a large.
Eat a bunch of the pasta, okay?
Go away.
Go away.
Can we make it in a hundred different sizes because we have such a tremendous response?
You are right.
You're a jackass.
You're an idiot.
You're an imbecile.
How do you like that?
Can we make it just in large?
I have nothing to do with any of my houseballers.
I don't wear an extra large.
I don't want anything to do with it.
George is like a little tiny guy, okay?
Well, there's with a shrunken chest, as you know.
And a shrunken head like that, the bitch on Lou Dobbs there.
Right.
Dana Banks.
Oh, yeah.
She's the one who made bread.
Oh, he's a little guy.
Kind of funny looking.
Right.
Next to largely just fine.
Well, look, we're like a night gun, okay?
You imbecile.
Yeah.
I want it in the light.
Oh, man.
What a bunch of crybabies and whiners.
How about some macaroni and cheese?
And now with the dream peels, you can make macaroni and cheese.
It's just dawned on me.
Right?
That's right.
In fact, what I'm thinking, it would be good because I don't want to go out and buy a whole ball.
I got butter.
What do I need?
But it would be nice to get the craft macaroni and cheese dinner and just throw out their pasta.
And make the elbows from this stuff.
Use their powder.
Use their powdered stuff all the chemical crafted to put in it.
You can make your own.
There are recipes to be found.
What?
Yeah, you think I'm going to cook up a recipe?
What do you think?
I don't know.
The smelly, the chef was happy.
Oh, I can't be rocket science.
Just get, you know, buy some cheese, slice it up and melt it.
I mean, come on.
Oh, yeah.
I like my cheese, man.
I love slicing the cut in the cheese.
Butter.
I think maybe a little bit of milk and some cheese.
A little bit of milk.
That's one of the active ingredients I think is how they do it.
I'll get goat's milk then.
Do the sure here.
There you go.
Look at that.
There's the bush show of the day on CNN.
Every single day.
Papa.
And as they are, I hope they keep it up because every time public season they're like we've
voted on Aussie and his poll numbers keep going down.
Even for the right.
That's right.
Yeah, he just said.
I'll go get it.
And we're all chuckling.
27 past noon.
We got both coming along at two o'clock and none too soon.
Hey, bread and, and say cheese.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do
The wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the
wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind, the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
The wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
The wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
The wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
The wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind blows the wind
The Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the
Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, the Frenchman, to all say what was complicated was the gearbox.
led in the press conferences.
Oh, get it, Guckert. That said very good.
The advocacy groups recently found the charge and it changed an 18-page document
distributed by National Security Adviser Steven J. Hadley, December 29th, without
cubic notice. Rules approved by Bill Clinton in 97 said that sexual behavior may be
a security concern if it involves a criminal offense, suggests an emotional disorder,
could suggest someone a coercion or shows a lack of judgment.
While bubble would never show a lack of judgment about such things, would he?
The regulations stated that sexual orientation may not be used as a basis for or
a disqualifying factor in determining a person's eligibility for a security
clearance. Bush removed that categorical protection saying instead that
security occurrences cannot be denied solely on the basis of the sexual
orientation of the individual. The new rules say behavior that is strictly
private, consensual in the street, could mitigate security concerns.
It looks as if lesbians and gay service members especially may face some
initial roadblocks to obtain their security clearance and said
Rawls, whose group advocates on behalf of gay is the military.
Is that Lou Rawls? He's dead.
Oh, he is dead. And there's, well, oh geez.
I must say the bad mistake. I was so tempting.
You know what it was. Yeah, because you're looking for the same screen as I.
Anyway, we don't want to go there yet.
Do we? That's the way.
I am. Hello.
Two. Yes, sir.
Great.
Hey, hold off a second.
That's the way. Yeah, yeah.
Okay, sounds a lot better in the distance.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
I have a quite call for River Jones.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm a guy. I'm at it. Okay, good.
There we go. See that one one.
Wow. That's right. Yeah.
I'm going to start advertising that on the CBS evening news.
It's a pill that makes Bob Sheeper stop saying, okay, okay.
And also it cures all your eels.
1241 at 560 WQM when you're.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Pure準.
Wonderful how could you can make out?
Georgeville.
More than 10 years
but 20 months.
Right.
How can we be called.
That's right.
I'm talking about four weeks.
And I just looked on it on our story, you know, a Neil store.
Yeah.
And where it says the t-shirt and it says size and you click on it and says extra large only.
Right.
So if you're not happy with extra large, I got a suggestion for you.
Okay, three words.
Don't order it.
Huh.
For residents, a real stake.
And that's what we want, a real stake.
Give me some of that low-carb pasta with a nice real stake.
560, 560, Tom 560 in the Verizon Singular Rival's line.
And look at that phone, man.
What the hell am I thinking about?
I was just going to do like a heavy sweep.
A full and sweep.
Oh, well.
Maybe that's the answer.
Yeah, I'll tell you one thing.
With the court gesture and his new group of little children, that's going to be our theme song.
You better keep that hate.
The Billy J. Cramer.
You're going to be here in a lot.
You're going to make up for lost time.
For the last 42 years, you haven't heard it.
There you go.
Billy J. Cramer.
Here's Brad Cramer, another con routine parked on the outside, fading through the pack.
That's going, Brad.
Didn't even get it.
Look at him.
He's being like a dog.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hello?
Let me try it again.
Hello?
I think I have your own number.
Sorry about that.
You okay?
Oh, man, who are you kidding, man?
That's what I have.
Thank you, man.
Get back out of rubber raft, you idiot.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
QAAM, hola?
QAAM?
Hello?
Hey, you.
Don't mess with me.
Do a sweet.
Get the broom.
Get the broom.
Okay.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Do the shirts come in white theaters?
Yes.
Five, six, seven, oh five.
See, I think this is going to be a good interlude now after a lot of postures.
They don't care about the dream fields positive.
They don't give a crap.
Why did I go through all that trouble to get the link on there?
Go through a big son dance to make those people a lot of money.
And sell a lot of that product.
They're not sponsors.
Of course, we don't have any sponsors.
We don't have any salespeople.
We don't have any copy.
But we get paid on Friday.
Did you click on that thing?
Did you see the real thing?
No.
Well, click on it.
But look at that.
It's a nice light, man.
It's colorful.
It's got all the information there.
See, if you're not going to do it, you think any of these other ideas are going to do, of course not.
Of course not.
Well, how much effort does that take?
It's right below the pole on there, man.
Click it.
Click it.
Click it and look it.
There it is.
And the next year.
Dreamfield's healthy car bliven.
I don't want you to read it.
Just take a look at it.
It's got all the info that anybody can want.
Then it'll wrap it up on top of that.
Charts and graphs.
Right.
Colorful.
What do you want to say today?
They can look at the color of the colorful pictures.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Glad I didn't come back there, huh?
A big report.
Glad I didn't come back to work there.
I mean, you know what it is.
Oh.
Do you do that?
How are you?
Well, what does that mean?
Glad you didn't come back to work here.
Well, I don't know, man.
You know, it's just like, it's going crazy there, man.
I don't know.
He's going crazy.
We just have the usual circus going on.
It's all.
What were you now?
Are you still over there at 850 that make believe station?
No, no.
The regional sales manager, Cox Orlando, for you.
What are you doing to send to my show
if your regional sales manager, Cox Orlando?
You know what, you know, I'm about 20 miles south of Orlando.
And I'm listening to you all the way up there.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
Yeah, well, come back to the business.
He's still a drunk.
You know what, sir?
I love you, babe.
Okay, good.
Bye.
Oh, pay the lendy.
I want to blow my brains out, okay?
Or his?
I quit trying to give us some damn little caboose things
and I'm fat-filled sandwiches.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Bonnie Conn.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yep.
He listened Neil.
I'm from California.
And I was at the caller a couple months ago.
And I was very surprised.
No ornamentals, but I really like them.
Yeah, I can't tell any people.
Yeah.
No what?
I didn't understand a word.
I'm in California, then.
Yeah, no.
Okay, go back, please.
Dominic Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Hey, Neil.
You want to be my roommate here, highly?
No, thanks.
Dominic Q-A-M, hello.
Dollar, but.
Yeah.
If you paid me $100 a month, the answer is still no.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm too old to be getting them diseases you guys got.
Q-A-M.
I'd be breather.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
No one.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
CDS, I was the factory.
What do I do?
Okay.
I'll tell you one thing.
Let's give you a clue.
Slide it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How many Cubans are going to the production right after they beat Japan?
How about that USF for after-match and that's the Humper?
That'll teach you that we'll be putting professional athletes in there.
I told you, all these special tournaments in Olympics and stuff, they're supposed to
be for amateurs, right?
And USA approved they were amateurs.
They tried to fix the tournaments so that they wouldn't be bracket in such a way that
they wouldn't come up against the other good teams and guess what?
Even Canada kicked their assay.
Oh my God, how embarrassing.
The US is out.
They're out.
I'm sure the Josh is following that religiously, aren't you?
I watched a couple games.
Forget about it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, anyone who says Billy Bad is that my homo?
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, what do you mean that's him?
Him.
Is it?
Oh, W-Q-A-M, hello.
How do you spell that?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, do you put the fruit in the basket?
No, okay.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Go on in wrong number.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Hey, me.
Somebody Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
All right, listen, I'm just figuring out what you guys are calling.
You know what, you all been hyping the crash?
Yeah.
Okay, well, I decided that go ahead and watch it the other night.
So I get about an hour and a half away through and you know what I realized?
I'm an idiot.
I was watching the wrong crash.
This was 1996.
And it's not out yet.
Oh, you've got C. Debra, your naked, so what was in a total loss?
Yeah, oh, it's George.
Yeah, Neil's not here today.
Oh, okay, I was like, no, no, I know here's both of you guys.
I live from every day.
Anyway, I was going to go out and get the real one this time and give it a once over.
Yeah, I was like, at least you got a little foreplay.
They're not going to get the real one and they'll give it a shot.
That's sad.
That is sad.
But I made the same mistake when we first started talking about it during a vacation show.
Because everybody kept recommending it to me and all that.
See, I don't like that.
I think that, you know, it would seem to me that there shouldn't be two movies with the same thing.
Especially since the other one will go a lot of time.
There's a lot of that.
Yes, I'm not just talking about remakes or stuff like that or vehicles.
I'm talking about movies that have nothing to do with the other one.
And it's got the same freaking name.
Like this.
What is that?
What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
That's just wrong.
That would be like somebody ripping off all my droppings in my material and my whole act
and then pretending that they had their own show.
No, no, no.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, who?
Yeah, you do.
And by the way, Annemarie is still interested, honey.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So, how do we get some good calls today?
He's asked Monday, yeah, come on.
Yeah.
You guys got a little summer to look forward to very soon, by the way.
A middle of June.
Yeah.
Two months to a day.
Oh, right.
And we got to Marlins game at 1250 pregame tomorrow.
We love the Marlins on the show.
You bet.
Even though they're going to blow.
Because they told me so.
Because they got like all the league players playing.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Not there.
QAM, hola.
Today, Marlins time.
WQAM line nine.
Hello.
Program director and.
WQAM, hello.
I got news for I'd write a he must have been listening every day when I said we ought to have
Eddie's PD remember that?
This morning.
Time goes by so fast.
I said.
I said.
Automate the PD and the general manager and the sales manager.
Although I can't any also could be the court gesture about it because he has evoked a few
truckers here and air.
I do.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
The commuters and London and Madrid.
And there you go.
Real life ride.
That one.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, this green field have a website of their own or it's only access to neorodgers.com.
Well, that's the link.
It takes you right to it.
Oh, sure.
No, you don't want to generate a hit on the real ride.
No, no, no.
I would just wait.
If there's more, if there's more, if there's more, if there's more, if there's more,
other than what you put up on your, on your link.
Well, let's see.
Let me, let me click on it.
Okay.
And see because I've been scouring it all for several days now before.
I mean, I've, I've listened to all of it on the radio and just wonder if there was, because
that's awful lot.
If there's any more, did you have it all?
Well, there's all kinds of articles about it and the most people seem to be doing great
with it.
But you can like Google Dreamfields post is what I did.
Google it.
So take a look at our, just click the link on, go to it.
And then you can Google it.
And they got all kinds of propaganda, which you can get just by going on that pager we
got to you see.
Save you a lot of work.
Because it's got great, for example, and the first sentence there, it says, as part of a reduced
carbohydrate rate diet, Dreamfield helps limit by 65% the rise in blood sugar.
And then you click on that, it's got a, it's got a length to see that.
Yeah.
You can, what does it mean?
And glycemic end of it.
It's got all kinds of information.
It's pretty damn good.
If you ask me in the prices right, we ain't charging a dime.
Let's start charging for stuff, okay?
A dime.
Did you get that number?
You said, do I want a number on the best of, I got it.
I got it.
Did you get it?
You got it?
This is not counting the weekends, internet sales, whatever those may be.
Could we have gotten those yet?
18,935.
Oh!
Does that include the hundred that Josh got at his thing on wherever it was?
Yes.
Who was it?
Konags.
Oh, Konags, you got a hundred bucks.
I bet you Jeff came right up and stuck a whole bunch of money right in your fist, didn't he?
It's stuck, it is garbage.
You probably wasn't there.
Jeff Konags.
In fact, he's going to be celebrating.
You got a big celebration at Konags, is 85th birthday coming up there next week.
They're going to have a giant party.
So we didn't have to only get to 20 grand, we didn't get to 19 last week at the end of the week.
Remember I was trying to put the big push on, I was pushing it.
How about if we threw in like a hundred dollar bill in every CD?
Okay.
And I'm going to take sure it in 14 different sizes.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is a case of a Zing-Zoo.
We got out there, Scott Barrell.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tiga, slapping all the women with paint and lips around the pool, I listen to the Neil Rogers one and two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers, they're in balance for the two hours.
What the hell?
Hey, Ferrell.
By the way, Sala.
I've been giving it some stuff.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better to go with 6 to 10 and not invite a Gentile in the cranky do.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
Spass on to inside.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the grassy together.
Why I'll have you know that I'm a big monkey Jew from Brooklyn High.
I've been waiting for you, everybody but you.
You're not fighting time.
Me and Malkin, that would blow.
No way that if we had a fight, that you'd survive.
Hoodline and hear a Gentile and pushing life.
That's happy to get out.
I'm going to go with you.
I'm going to go with you.
I'm going to go with you.
I'm going to go with you.
I'm going to go with you.
I'm going to go with you.
You and me for me is much better six to ten than I five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Happy to get there.
What can I do?
What can I do?
What can I do?
What can I do?
What can I do?
What can I do?
103 at 5.60.
You won't be hearing it until you got full today.
Then Marlowe got to Marlowe again.
What about the rest of the week?
We got Geltie on Wednesday before the year when we got the big pants.
There's a cap scheme on Wednesday.
There's a Geltie on Friday.
Too much Geltie man, if he asks me, and they don't ask me.
I'm sure the Travert are making those decisions, aren't they?
Of course.
The Kingston Trio.
Clarence, the Beast.
And Robert.
That's Robert.
The eye to those who know best.
5.60.
The Baratheon Singular Writers Line.
That call from PD Lenny.
That sent me right to the edge of the bull.
Here's the other work for another company up in Orlando.
It hasn't worked here in several years now.
He can't stop.
He didn't make a good choice.
Anybody who's working for Cox Broadcasting isn't working for real radio people.
Not that we are, but boy, they're like a million miles away.
Aren't they? No, they're not.
I just try to talk myself into it.
Good choice, PD.
Dominic Q.A.M., hello.
Q.A.M.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
I think you left the number one choice off your list today.
And what's that?
The Board of Gens.
Okay. Board of Gens, fanatics like you're president.
Every single day.
Who was just asked a question about the religious right in Armageddon,
and does he believe that that's what this is all look about?
And but it beat the bad.
Ah, that nervous laugh in the audience with nervous laugh in all his sick of fans, his base.
Get that under right away.
Born against.
Got it?
We got it.
Speaking of which.
Did you see the article on our website about the evidence of the universe's first instant?
No.
Oh, you might be interested in this.
It's probably more interesting than a verb that Dreamfield's pasta.
All the way down it.
For a fleeting moment, the very fabric of the universe became a kind of hyperspeed spandex,
stretching outward to perhaps a hundred times the speed of light, had like those pants that were very mantelowwares.
That concept which describes the first, treasurer of the second of the universe's beginnings has gained wide acceptance among cosmologists.
Now, scientists say they discovered the first comprehensive subtle signs from that cosmic growth spurred.
The discovery announced Thursday does not quite provide a smoking gun confirmation of the concept,
known as inflation.
But scientists say they have detected whips from the muzzle, with a few more years of data gathering.
They say they may be able to find the missing pieces that would clinch the case for a process widely being held
and have given the universe its initial bang.
The new results represent a significant shift in efforts to uncover the origins and future of the universe.
Notes, Lyman, Page, I wonder if he's going to fracky Lyman.
And the prince in the university, who?
And the data.
A prince in the university physicist and member of the team reporting the discovery.
Cosmologists have long struggled to answer basic questions about the university's properties and composition Dr. Page says.
Now, scientists are adding an ability to look back at these billions of a billions of a billions of a billions of a minute,
ask detailed questions about the physics and be able to answer them, like PecoBizmol and Maylocks.
The new evidence comes from NASA's Wilkinson Microof Ancetroppy probe.
Am I saying that right?
I don't know.
No, that's good.
No, it's not.
Anacetroppy probe, WMAP, I like that better.
WMAP, 1480 on your dial.
A satellite designed to study the final whisper of the big bang, the primordial burst of energy,
why they held it or give birth to the universe.
All you heathens out there, the Lord done it, man, the Lord.
He stabbed his fingers, all of a sudden all of these creatures showed up.
This whisper actually low level radiation is known as the cosmic microwave background.
The concept of inflation produced that this whisper should lead behind signals from that event.
The WMAP team says it detected these signals from friends in relative brightness of bumps and dimples in the microwave background.
Now, I stopped understanding this like several paragraphs ago. How about you?
No, I wrote some term papers and stuff.
These variations represent one of two kinds of polarized radiation and the easiest type to spot that inflation predicts.
Ground based in balloon-borne experiments have seen bits and pieces of this evidence,
but WMAP has put a sky's work together in one mosaic and important milestone.
Launched in 2001, the WMAP satellite spent a year gathering data for a baby picture of the universe,
which was built from subtle temperature differences in the microwave background.
In 2003, the WMAP team decoded the information needed the most precise estimates yet
of the abundance of matter and energy the universe's age and its expansion speed.
The variations also represent a cosmic blueprint for life-scale distribution of galaxies as strong as a receive of day.
These latest data come from an additional three years of observations during which scientists were working with the signal roughly a hundred times weaker than the temperature information they gathered.
The new measurements are so precise that we're now in a position to be able to test specific models of inflation,
some of which were first proposed when I was in grade school.
It's really cool to see it come to fruition to Gary Hinshaw, researcher at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland,
and a member of the team reporting the results.
Inflation holds that the observable universe blossomed from a tiny spot in space,
so my newton only quantum physics can describe it.
But the size of your rectum, then in a trend of a second, it expanded almost unimaginable speed.
The concept first proposed nearly 30 years ago,
you raised difficult mismatches between the standard big bang theory at the time,
and the universe's astronomers observed as they traced much of its 13.7 billion-year evolution through their telescopes.
It also solved conundrums particle physicists' space as they probed the world of the very small world of the very small.
So far the team has been able to make some rough estimates of the upper limit on certain conditions during inflation.
Dr. Hinshaw says that the inflationary period would have had less energy than 10 quadrillion billion electron volts,
still an enormous number that defies the comprehensive almost any one-bredate physicist.
By comparison, mankind's most powerful particle accelerator generates energies of only 1 billion electron volts.
This was 10 quadrillion billion. Like your paycheck.
Yeah.
Team member, I've talked about Josh.
Team members say they hope to keep the experiment already in an extended mission in NASA's portfolio running for several more years.
This will allow them to increase the accuracy of their results,
and perhaps the 11th for the second kind of polar-wide signal cosmologists seek in the microwave background from gravity waves the expansion would have triggered.
Their imprint on the microwave background will provide the smoking gun for cosmic inflation researchers be saying.
Meanwhile, the European Space Agency has slated to launch its own version of WMAP,
and he dubbed the Planck mission next year to give the field or venture competition.
Planck proves that the promises are more sensitive set of measurements than WMAP can even provide.
WMAP, let's change our crawler, just put this place on the map.
That's axelord.
That a great idea.
WMAP, you have to get some jingles, huh?
Everybody like him, record us some special jingles.
We get all the pan and singers back in Dallas again.
Get the people from Pepper Tanner.
I bet you, PD Lin-Him, members of those Pepper Tanner jingles back when he was a child.
1998 votes on the poll.
Generally, which group of South Americans bug you the most?
Cubans 327.
New Yorkers 167.
Redneck 96.
French Canadians 84.
Senior citizen 75 old farts.
I hate everybody 65.
Hacen 64.
I like everybody 58.
African Americans 51.
I hate this poll 35.
Jews 30.
BOT 30, man.
Right on the heels of Purim no less than a picking on the poor Jews.
Radio Chronic XIV.
Jamaican XIII.
Brazilian 7.
Radio saleshold 7.
X Radio salesholds for the station out on there yet.
Gays 86.
And Bordecaus this one under, they got one.
Sort of meant the uno.
What I mean, feels thing, man, is it tremendous mudmintries in that, not?
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because nothing I'm discovering is that most diabetics and most people are fatter than they're in denial.
You understand?
I mean, I've given up talking to you.
I got about as much confidence I'm going to change his attitude about those things.
Is that they're going to make like 50 grand on that fundraising?
Other than yourself, because I don't know if fat people try to keep other people from getting fat or fatter or dying.
No, fat people generally, the misery loves company.
They encourage people.
Come on, eat, eat, have some.
So this is cruel.
Often, if ever.
Have you tried to talk a fat person out of killing themselves?
Oh, it's hopeless, you're right.
It's hopeless.
It's hopeless.
And I try.
It's like a re-tracker.
Don't put the rules on the table.
You know, because fat rich, if they run it.
And then he would reach over and grab the ones off the next table anyway.
It's hopeless.
And I'll try begging.
No, the misery is now.
Try threatening, try bribery, money, drugs, women, everything.
It reminds me of my mother.
And you know why?
Because they're both dead.
Now, she was 91.
Right?
He, I would say, was more like 61.
Okay.
See the difference?
Uh.
In other words, he lives a long miserable life, but he lived a well, whatever.
Provinist after one at five, 60 WQM when it comes to here and saying it took me a little while.
A little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize.
It's a way to deal.
You are the truth of the movement.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
Pat, I prefer and show.
I'm so like, check her to the end.
Now you can't take my life.
No, no, no.
All that makes that my consort.
The best years of what remains in my life I can't find his place.
That's plural time like being on the way to hell on the fewest of the blissful pertinent.
I apologize about the youth, every guy.
Not you, just as the roadside, yeah, yeah.
You've passed this road, you've got dead dead, die.
I don't want to stay home, I'll break from here.
I'll hand my jeeps back in, or in a car, then I drove on cars.
I told my orifice and laid out my guest, that is the fire we had in the orifice or a guest.
I swear, but the boat girl called a power prince, said, watch the shoppers from the bank.
Next to her.
I want both men waiting for the murder of helpless women, when he got taken down for a day to meet him.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Oh, Lord, oh, Lord, oh, Lord, a hearsti, accit, a elf, a piqued with piqueth, a pet with the name of thecience of my future someday, a girl, a star in her belly, a dawn symbol, c'est married
No, I can go ask Robert Creeper of the Beast though.
And ask Robert Creeper of the Beast because they're in charge.
In fact, don't ask once, ask about the eye at times.
Maybe you'll get a straight answer, but I doubt it.
And don't give him over what floor, okay?
I'll be very respectful to these guys.
Because they're in charge.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
I've got something for your poll.
Yes, Republicans.
Okay.
And have you been invited Christ into your life yet?
No, he's busy.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
And he's busy as you and the abortion doctors.
Get that on air, Republicans right away.
My cursor back was sure he would get a fine.
Oh, we're fine.
I got a picture of my here too.
If he had a haircut, he'd look half bad to me.
College student, 21.
He'd pay a couple hundred dollars like his roommates
and go on with his life,
even though he wasn't at the party that got out of hand
at his rental house after all his name was on the lease.
But what he didn't expect and hardly believe
was that like this is in Nebraska, okay?
Like Mr. County Court Judge,
Gail Pancorni had in mind as his punishment
for maintaining a disorderedly house
last October the 2th.
You know that was a crime maintaining a disorderedly house?
It ought to be.
Herschendbach remembered his attorney
from the University of Nebraska
looking reaching for a work release form
which would get him out of jail
so he could work while serving a sentence.
He didn't need it.
It's only a weekend, he remembered saying.
But Pancorni didn't say three days in jail.
He said,
30 days in jail.
For maintaining a disorderedly house,
two weeks after being sentenced to the term
in March 3rd, Herschendbach was studying
business at Southeast Community College in Lincoln, Nebraska.
He's got in a blue plastic chair in the Visity Room
at the Lancaster Correctional Facility.
First stated by the experience,
he talks to people serving seven to ten days sentences
for driving drunk.
He doesn't think it's right.
Otherwise, if you drive drunk,
you get seven to ten days.
But if you maintain a disorderedly house,
you get 30 days.
I think for Corni wanted to make an example of someone
I just have it to be in the crew around the wrong day
which Sucks Herschendbach said.
He said it sucks.
He said he was at his parents' home in Lincoln in October.
When Lincoln police went to the house,
he shares a mic turnus and Ken Jensen.
And found music blaring from the gay rise
and 170 or so people drinking beer.
When the cops came in, they dropped their beer cups and ran.
Oh, what about your pansies, huh?
Mm-hmm.
About a month later,
police pulled over Herschendbach for speeding.
The officer arrested among charges related to the party.
He said, call him and the party started.
He said his name was on the list so he pleaded no contest.
One of the charges was dismissed.
His roommates both got fines and he thought he would too.
In a two-and-a-half-page sentencing order,
Corni went through reasoned by reasoned by court
to need to take a harder look at this type of case
and missed her Herschendbach.
Reason number one,
people can die at these parties, he wrote.
The Corni said young people will come to college
and link it off make bad choices when presented
with unlimited beer and liquor.
Like Josh Cordist there,
who's always makes bad choices.
In other words, if it's around, he wants it.
I would say they're bad choices.
Good choices.
It's not uncommon for police to find people passed out
a party with near lethal blood alcohol levels, he said.
Reason number two, people can die at these parties, see?
Reason number one, number two, the same.
Corni alluded to Jenna Cooper,
the end-use soccer player shot and killed the party nearly two years ago.
Young man Cruz Neighborhoods looking for college parties
and walking uninvited, helping themselves to food and drinks
anything else lying around, like the chicks.
As to leave, they often get violent, he said.
The Corni said parties care at the fabric of someone
who can hold us in best neighborhoods, destroying the solid
quiet sense of community that has made our city what it is,
boring evidently.
Unlike Omaha, which is a lot more exciting.
They're also inexpensive to read on police resources, he said.
Herschendbach didn't disagree with everything that George said,
but like the fact that while police are going out to parties
they could be doing more productive things.
I agree with that, Herschendbach said, but that's also why I'm almost
22 and not having parties.
See that, Josh?
There's a kid that you ought to learn some things from.
Yeah, please.
Well, anyway, he's going to get out this Saturday and maybe give a call.
Give me his number anyway.
Here's the fact that this is, how about those South Americans?
I should know I'm married to one, and she bugs me and bugs these Shiite out of me.
She's Colombian.
Well, and by the way, you're right, Neil, very good looking people
as dumb as dirt, I.I.S. is here.
Colombian, what I tell you about some Colombians, man, such as that.
I always told you that for a long time had some very fine experiences in my lifetime.
With Colombians.
But anyway, yeah, with my going to Bogota, the only problem is,
anytime I go like on a trip, I like to come back alive.
It's always pretty good.
It's why I prerequisites for traveling somewhere.
Like the Mexico people say, oh, you ever been to Mexico?
No.
Too many people don't make it back.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
That dream field full car pasta manette.
That thing is going to get a response on that website today.
The almost as good as our fundraiser.
So what?
Boy, let down for me.
Give me the condensed version.
So in other words, being as lazy as they are, they're just picking up what I said on Friday.
They're not going to go make any more efforts to do any fundraisers then.
That's it.
Like what?
Like manhits?
I don't know anything.
Look, how do you want it?
Because the certain people who are doing a lot of work and getting no thanks,
are just getting bitched out for doing what we're doing.
Bitched out for what?
Like Miguel, he does these vanhits that take time out of his day.
See how these Cubans stick together just right?
Do you want to do vanhits or don't you?
Absolutely not.
Then that's it.
Then you got your wish.
So what are you vision about?
No, I'm not bitching.
I just would like to know what's going on.
That's all I'm asking you.
What you've wanted is what's going on.
Nothing.
And that's the way all of us like it.
Exactly, including me.
I'm not bitching.
Yeah.
I just like to make it just 20 grand so we can just give it over with what we got over the weekend on the Internet.
Yeah.
Maybe we got it 20 grand.
I just like to make it a two o'clock.
Oh no sweat.
And he's still talking by the way.
Oh.
You are going to like him or else?
No, no chance.
They can put him on for seven hours a day and the more they put him on the lower his numbers go.
Because it's a reminder of what he's all about.
And it's a reminder of how, but a little bit he is.
The two of these baby dumb and dangerous.
I'll tell you what else these stands for.
This is a good thing.
Dry concept.
Did you know?
Thank you baby.
When I monitored the moment.
Here are those 72 version.
Turns into the right moment.
Will you be ready?
You can be with Siala.
The only eb tablet that works for up to 36 hours or 72 versions whichever comes first.
Siala should be taken prior to detonation.
Side effects include muscle aches and being dead.
In the event of an erection lasting more than four hours.
Have at it again with the first virgin you deflowered.
Although at that point she'll no longer be a virgin.
I asked my mother about Siala.
You didn't you?
Individual results may vary.
And as a distinct chance you'll go straight to hell for killing innocent people.
And that this whole 72 version thing is a sham devised to trick you into doing something indescribably evil.
Siala, I'm ready.
I guess what I just found.
What?
Chef's quitting controversy.
Here's a news story about Isaac Hayes and South Park.
And I'm putting that right now.
Okay. Can you handle it?
Oh, while we're waiting for that to come out.
There is an interconnectedness today that affects our economy.
Right.
There's no question about it.
That's why we're like mortgaging the next 4,000 years.
Oh, look at this.
Vermont's two senators, Democrat Patrick Leahy and independent Jim Gepperts believe that hearing should be held.
On a Bush administration's secret domestic war is having program before Central vote is held.
We know about Russ Feingold and the Central Day.
Yeah, yeah.
A few Democrats have openly come out and supported it.
But Senator Feingold says he intends to his resolution of prompt congressional investigation into the president's action on these issues.
Republican leader so far been reluctant to allow that said David Carly Leahy's spokesman.
Senator Leahy believes in first things first.
And the first thing is Congress doing its oversight duty in investigating the Bush administration's illegal domestic war is having.
And Geppert says he'd like to have hearings on the resolution.
But in meantime, they hold hearings and they find out that what we already know is true, which we do.
Then go ahead and censure his est.
Or by the end and pitch him.
Yeah.
Now, you know the important stuff.
Isaac Hayes did not quit South Park.
My sources say since Roger Friedman at Fox News dot com that someone quit it for him.
I can tell you that Hayes is in no position to have quit anything.
Contrary to news reports, the great writer, singer and musician suffered a stroke on January 17th.
At the time, it was said they was hospitalized suffering from exhaustion.
It's also absolutely ridiculous to think that Hayes who loved playing Chef on South Park would suddenly turn against the show because they were poking fun at Scientology.
Last November when they trapped in the closet episode of the comedy aired, I saw Hayes and spent time with him in Memphis for the annual Blues Ball.
If he hated the show so much, I doubt he would have performed his trademark hit song from the show Chocolate Salty Balls.
At least to have that in the VCS, you know what?
We still have it on CD.
Boy, hear it.
Oh, damn.
Go play it.
John Xerlady will call up and get all that out of shape.
He tossed the song into the middle of one of his lestelations hits and got the whole audience in the Memphis Pyramid to sing along.
I can tell that you Hayes was very pleased with himself.
He was in a great mood and has always loved his fans coming up and asking him about Chef.
As recently as early January before his stroke, Hayes defended the South Park great and interviewed with the AV Club, the serious side of the St. Tyrical newspaper, the Onion.
And of course, I'm going to be here.
It goes on.
I feel so much better now.
Hold that up at the stroke.
Meanwhile, Hayes did not suffer paralysis, but the mild stroke may have affected his speech and memories, been having homotherapy since it happened.
That certainly begs the question of who issued the statement that Hayes was quitting South Park because it mocked Scientology four months ago.
If it wasn't Hayes, who would have done such a thing?
Deal, come on.
Meantime, Tom Cruise may have gotten Comedy Central to post repeated South Park Scientology's food class week.
But the result is that it's all over the web. You can see it for yourself free at youtube.com. That's why you're at U2B.
YouTube.com.
That's right.
Not only that, the Comedy Central website has four clips from the 21-minute show.
It also says that Trapped in the Closet will air this Wednesday at 10 p.m.
Which I think that's not correct.
Oh, well, what's the date on that story?
The date is today.
Okay, then let's see if it airs this Wednesday again.
At 10 p.m.
We'll check it's Josh is going to look at the listing to see if it's listed.
So whether or not Cruise actually did use Influenza by a Compair a month ago to show a poll from last week's schedule,
here it is bigger and better than ever.
See, this must be correct because it admits that it was off pull last week.
It says, of course, no one would have cared one way or the other if Trapped simply aired on schedule meaning last week.
Of course, no one could blame Cruise down from over even R&B sell a single R Kelly for being upset about the episode.
They're pro fun at mercilessly. Well, too bad.
In the episode, Stan, one of the South Park characters is listed in the Scientology.
We know about this, but it'll be put a boop.
That would be bad enough wouldn't it?
A Cruise visits Stan in his bedroom, minds of hiding in his closet when Stan tells him he's not the greatest actor.
This is born the line. Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet.
You're fairing.
It's repeated dozens of times.
John Pervolt assumes, join Cruise in Stan's closet.
He won't come out either.
And when they do, there's the ecstatic announcement that they've come out of the closet.
Right?
Yes.
Some of us have already seen this episode and maybe even want to have to watch it again because we enjoyed it so much the first time.
You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
It says you get to picture, but nothing entrapped in the closet as anything worse than South Park Raider's still in Parker have done before.
Just rent Team America and see what I mean, which we love Team America.
Lots.
So what's wrong with that?
Excuse me, but I do believe that's a fact.
Well, it's from Fox News.
What are you saying?
Presidential 2008 candidates campaign in New Hampshire.
Oh, and look who has pitched you there, Wesley Clark eating a deli sandwich from the pickle bureau from the deli den.
Preventing civil war in Iraq will require America's political influence, not just its military force,
retired army general, Wesley Clark said Saturday, ended up at the third anniversary of the U.S. Let invasion.
Clark was in New Hampshire long among three potential candidates.
He said nothing about his own plans, but said he was campaigning to get more Democrats elected to Congress this year.
New Mexico, governor Bill Richardson, a Democrat, started a three day tour of the state and Massachusetts,
governor Mitt Romney, a Republican, was finishing up a two day swing.
Clark said the U.S. should push T.I. Muslims to include Sunnis in the government and ensure the county the country's oil wealth is shared by all.
He predicted a long struggle at conspred elsewhere in the Middle East if diplomacy fails.
This is the decisive moment in Iraq to retire general forward crowd of about 200 people at New England College.
While he was wiping the pepperoni juice through law, it's a political problem primarily, not a military one.
Maybe he didn't have pepperoni juice, maybe had rumoured sandwiched rule.
Okay, what color is that, Drew?
Orange.
Russian dressing. Never saw that?
Oh, yeah. I ordered without the red.
I hate Russian dressing.
Red and fat. You know, soggy bread.
That episode is not going to be played by the way.
How do you know that?
Because I looked at the schedule.
Well, maybe they maybe it's a change. Don't you understand?
Maybe the schedule is not there because Wednesday starts new episodes of South Park.
Yeah, I looked through Thursday and there's at least an episode.
I'm going to tell you something.
A lot of us are going to be watching Wednesday now.
We're going to be googling. We're going to be keeping P.V.R.R.ing and C.V.R.R.ing and whatever else.
T.V.O. with it.
T.V.O. in it. Well, that's P.V.R.ing it. Yeah.
And if it's on there, then you're going to apologize on Thursday.
Wednesday is a new episode. New season. You hear what I just said.
Okay.
If they repeated on Wednesday because it was delayed a week after having it the ax last week,
then you're going to apologize to Josh and Robert and the Beast.
Not to us. We don't care.
What are you laughing about?
No, in the shirt. You know what?
I got a guy like just go off on that for a minute.
Go right ahead.
Oh, listen to me.
As you think back to the Greg Reed dynasty at QAM,
and the way that he surrounded himself with this bunch of people,
this bunch of sicker fans, without whom he felt very uncomfortable.
All the people that had their head deep inside his dome body,
you know, the water Nazi in Maddie Bell and Ray Perry,
who obviously somebody likes him for whatever reason,
have no idea what he does.
Nice guy, but there's nothing.
But anyway, and of course, the other one.
You're fairy.
Who's now? We don't hear anything from any of these salespeople.
You know what I'm saying? Since the New Sales Manager,
no duff, no Troy, no nobody.
I have no idea whether anybody's left on here,
like Pompano Park or anybody.
But anyway, Clarence is now doing the same thing.
You see what he's doing? He's Greg Reed Jr. now.
He's preparing for that day when he's going to be,
because obviously he's aware of the fact that Joe Bell is just a paper tiger,
a the Corchester.
And so he's the one.
He is the unoriented one by Joyce and the Beasley.
Like, and I tell you that a couple weeks ago,
when I found out the inside dome, yeah, I did.
Yes, you did.
And so now he is surrounding himself with his own group of misfits, you know, Robert.
I mean, I mean, I like to beast personally.
You know, we have that gambling thing in common with the Wheel of Fortune and the Slots and all that.
And the beast is okay.
And the small doses.
But put him and Robert together and Clarence,
you've got that U of M trifecta.
You know what I'm saying? They have misfit you.
M U, misfit you.
Now that's what this is all about.
And the worst part of it is that they go to you,
I'm not like that with you.
They just make any difference.
That's not the point.
He is a U M flunky now.
Don't you understand?
Broadcaster sports.
He's got his head deep inside.
And that whole thing.
They're all joined together at the lip.
Don't you get it?
I get it.
You've known that a long time.
It's not a revelation.
So that's what's going on now.
And Joe is just like sitting back, you know, oblivious.
You know, like, hey, well, I have no idea what he's doing.
You?
No.
Oh, man.
Generally, what group of South Americans bugs you the most?
That's our poll question today on your Rogers dot com.
Where you can click on that link to that great pasta.
What is it, Diamondhead?
Yes.
Dreamfields.
Dreamfields pasta.
I mean, the hardest.
I know what it is.
Time.
Remember what that was.
There it is right above of OJs.
I mean, Osama's picture.
Oh, Jama.
I'm going to join the Dreamfields healthy advantage.
I'm trying his great stuff.
Worst for me.
I can't guarantee it's going to work for you.
So if I only want boxing, then don't bitch me out.
If your blood sugar goes skyrocketing, you need something else.
Like a box.
He's big in a food.
If you're hungry, I mean, got a big appetite right now.
Then head over to John the Baker to locate play like men.
And they look like women.
Oh, good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
The name is London V.
And I would very much like to see nails straight away, please.
I have this package I wish to deliver.
He was in Canada.
Lisa, and you can't go in there while the show is on.
Perhaps you didn't hear me the first time.
I am none other than London V.
Your dress like Austin Power.
Yes, well, actually, he dressed like me.
That was my act.
I was quite the damn the Udo.
Thought it was time to jump on the old bandwagon, shall we say?
That movie came out eight years ago.
Quite simple, really.
I was frozen longer.
Oh.
You thought of this bloody battle.
I demand the sea meal now.
George.
There's a man by the name of Leithy Lee here to see.
No, no, no, London Lee.
Does he hear with spoon face?
Oh, have you know I'm London Lee?
Be listand by guessful the Mike Douglas and Murr Grithin show.
I work with a great by K-Star and Carol Cook.
Somebody get full character in here.
You haven't heard of me, have you?
No.
Does John Byner form Sandy Baron ring a bell?
Sorry.
Last and all.
With the situation we have here.
This hooligan refuse.
It's gonna let me see the erogist.
He'll love here, man.
Thor's douchebag.
I'm the handy of Bruce.
How'd it go with that?
Ten to the least of time.
They didn't know who I am.
I always had the same problem.
No, it came and asked to go.
But I thought they would know you're more.
Well, I can't hold package back.
I can't.
You didn't leave it in the air.
No.
So you want to write it by us again so we know what that bit was all about.
London Lee shows up.
I don't know why he's nobody ever heard of him.
We heard it.
Pinky Lee and Pinky Lee.
Let's call him.
Wonderface.
Apparently everyone had, I didn't get the pleasure of interacting with him.
But everybody else did.
Josh had some moments and the girl spent some time with him.
But why would I want to see him?
He has something big going on.
He had a CD that he brought in.
And that got given to Miguel to give to me with the, with the, uh,
Hummington.
I don't want to like go off on a tangent.
All right.
Which I like Miguel just fine.
He's a fine human being.
But since it's about that time of the year when a Marlon regular season is going to be starting in a couple of weeks.
Yeah.
Those Marlon tickets are going to be coming from Ray Perry now that he's back in the fold and getting paid for Godowing.
Those what?
But he's a good guy Ray.
He's, he's okay to.
Uh, I don't want anybody like, uh, cherry picking and going through and picking out a bunch of tickets.
Uh, because I'm not going to be there before I get my hands on him.
Okay.
But your tickets.
No problem.
You know exactly what my, uh, where my house is.
The address it can be mailed there.
You can take them out.
Whatever you want.
All right.
We will get things.
Because I've had very loud and vociferous complaints and rightfully so from my household a bunch of facts.
At last year when it took us to arrive like all the good stuff was already gone.
Well, none of that would happen if, uh, there hadn't been a consent at some point somewhere.
No, and I'm not, not like to just go through and pick everything under the sun.
Anybody might want to go to see?
How about this time nobody will touch anything?
Hey, if it's going to be a trap set of hunt.
Don't touch anything.
Okay.
You are McGill, eat or anybody.
Meals.
Oh yeah.
It was just a lot of people anyway.
Because it's not an payroll.
I was going to say, I don't think about tickets because I can go now.
Just kidding, man.
Don't worry about it.
I had my heart set on him, man.
Oh.
Now speaking of doing business with Israelis.
Anyway, I think that you and I can come back to an agreement on.
Yeah.
And Israeli court sentenced to made a two years in prison yesterday for operating a fake clinic
that offered penis enhancements and so-called medical treatments to make people taller, which failed to work.
Oh, damn it.
Simon Soford told Simon said, told dozens of clients he was a doctor and said he could have up to 3.9 inches to their height
or 2.4 inches to their genitals, they court and tell them you've said.
His clinic had operations since 1999.
Let's see, 3.9 inches to their height.
They're going to make you about 5'4".
Right?
And in my case, well, his clinic had operations since 1999, was not medically supervised.
The government prosecuted a full record.
So far has appealed the condition.
He pre-charged patients 640 pounds and 1953 pounds to increase their height with a Russian made its cut in shekels.
With a Russian made treatment method, he told the courts and Italian largements were not performed despite advertisements that promised them.
People were so to become taller, were suspended from...
Yeah, suspended from the air by their arms and legs or had their body stretched with weights.
Others were poked with needles or given food supplements and exercised it for...
...for arm and arm.
Suspended from air by their arms and legs.
Only a lunatic could take a person who's not been checked by a doctor and hang him upside down,
the court in the transcript quoted a witness saying in a trial session in February.
Only a lunatic.
The court said, so far, I didn't judge the health of his clients and that none have received their expected result.
A judge sentenced him to two years in jail, taking a wakowdy at no criminal record, and is in Israeli,
and lives with his mother who supports him financially, the court gave no age for so far.
How you like that?
Stop turning, man!
Whatever, probably 50.
He lives with mama.
How about that?
It's that Jewish thing, you know.
Well, it's about time that somebody other than a Cuban fake doctor that, you know, busted.
Israeli business people, man, avoid him like to play, run, run.
So you told me.
And then you had your own experience, didn't you?
Yeah, well, remember the line in that movie crash, since we talk about it so much,
remember Sandra Bullock's tirade there that she felt like doing something,
but she didn't because she didn't want people to think that she was a bigot.
Yeah, yeah, that was my experience.
I wanted to run based on things that you had told me.
What did you shoot of?
And I didn't.
No, no, no, I better not just let my bigotry take hold here.
You know, how bad can they be?
Bad.
Bad.
It's a way of life.
Walmart's beginning of very favorites has really business people followed by Walmart and nice quinoa.
Walmart plants to have an extra 150,000 staff in China over the next five years,
as it boosts its presence in the fast-waring retail market.
Walmart is gobbling up the world.
That's exactly right.
They're like a gigantic monster with an endless appetite, a pack bed.
They don't give it to them about that pasta, whether it's low-carb or high-carb, they just want to eat it.
The US firm, the world's largest retailer and the anti-Christ,
currently has 56 stores in China, plants to open another 20 over the next year.
The plants who established a university degree to help new staff acquire skills,
include preparation and finance.
The world's largest retailers are all looking to expand in China.
However, British from Tesco and Germany's Metru among a number of other companies in China
are making further inroads in China.
Of the current retailers, French from Carapour leads away with 78 stores.
Domestic business currently accounts for 80% of Walmart sales,
but the firm is looking to grow its international operations.
We're going to be growing in all directions.
They're sending their testicles and tentacles in all directions,
gobbling up every dime on a face of the globe.
Walmart.
And last but not least,
well, we covered a little territory there.
We had some sensational calls.
Oh, yeah.
It was okay, except for that memo.
I'm going to read the again one more time down in the show, one more time, one more.
That is the worst memo.
And I remember reading a certain memo over the years and saying,
this is the worst memo in the history of broadcasting.
Now, I've never even come close.
I mean, you know, you don't know whether to laugh or cry.
Yeah, I mean, I do that.
Robert Gryper is now like a pretty soon he's going to be your supervisor.
You better like, let's suck up to him.
Oh, word Chalms.
You better kiss him right on the cheek.
We're going to temple on Saturday together.
Self-hating Jew, Robert Gryper.
And backstabber.
Fony.
I'm glad to hear that his tongue is foreshades lighted now since phone left.
Absolutely.
The public and Senator claimed on a one of the talking head shows yesterday
that generals have told him that a low grade civil war has been going on
in Iraq for the last six months to a year.
Chuck Hagel, who's a painted bushes thrown in his side.
Actionally raised the quotas.
I think we have had a low grade civil war going on in Iraq certainly,
at least for six months.
Maybe last year he said on ABC's this week with George Stepin top of us.
Our own generals have told me privately George, that's what he said.
So that's a fact.
And for us to walk away from that or try to hude this up with some rosy veneer,
forget about it.
Hagel was picked more than a few fights with the Bush administration in the last few years.
Also criticized the line from a column that Secretary of Defense
Rumsfeld wrote and published in a Washington Post, which compared with
Drelth and Iraq to appeasing the Nazis.
Turning our backs on post-war Iraq today would be the modern equivalent of
handing post-war Germany back to the Nazis' road Rumsfeld.
And of course it's totally bogus anyway because the Nazis were all either in prison
or had surrendered at the end of WWII.
When asked by Stepin on top of us if that analogy was appropriate, Hagel said that
it wasn't that we understood the Secretary said a difficult assignment to try to
assigns an credibility to the current policy which isn't working.
Hagel complained about the constant refrained in vote by the administration about how we're not
going to leave until we achieve victory.
After rattling off a number of goals already achieved, such as Sodom's capture in Iraqi elections,
Hagel argued that the term was too nebulous and could signify that we'll never be out of there.
Step on top of his other guest, Senator Jack Reed, Democrat of Rhode Island,
argued that another major problem is that there was no complement to the military forces in Iraq.
We don't have the State Department of People, the Department of Agriculture,
the aid people who transformed this military success, and something that people
would talk about as a stable and effective governmental structure in Iraq, Reed said.
A low-grade civil war is going on right now.
But other than that, everything's going all wear fire.
I need to worry.
If you don't see me, you'll be in the middle of Roger's.
It's almost $6,000.
You did a lot of things.
All right!
The Bureau Rogers on Sports Hole Radio, W2A.M.
And now, a word from the unborn child of Angelina Jolie in Brad Pitt.
Hello, I am the unborn child of the Unborn Children's Jolie.
I can't put my life in color between.
I am a very huge child for being hot.
And, thanks, baby!
My father is here, son.
And my marminous beautiful is not like being a child of Billy Joe.
And, crispy, crispy, we have our 50% chance of looking like him.
That poor daughter looks like a troll.
Can you imagine the baby-lock having Billy Joe as your father?
And the beautiful, crispy, green-bringer as your mother, and you wind up looking like Sam.
Anyway, my life is pretty good, so far.
Except the oldest, struggling, too, damn where we are.
I don't know where I'm going until I hear about it on your table tonight.
And, of course, I know it.
I've been a Cambodia.
I've been a good dad, play.
I've been a Cambodia, yes.
And hope I can get you there soon.
I'm like feeling the belly of my mother.
You can leave it, you'll leave.
But I'm also looking for what's up in the end for him.
Because then, I'll get to you.
You know.
And the other thing I want to talk about is imagine idle.
Because I wish him to live in my marminous belly.
And I don't want the grandmother to live.
But I think kidding, Corvay is from another kind of long island.
Corvay is very cute.
He's very cute, but I can't see him because my eyes aren't even open yet.
I can't wait to write actually out of here.
Right now, I saw that like two fish cans and he sent my arms.
And it's just a grabster.
But very soon, I will end here.
Okay, that's all for now.
I got a job because I think the plane is being viewed.
And we have to go on another quick and strict.
Bye-bye.
You've just witnessed an official pre-birth monologue from the unborn baby of Angelina Jolie in Brad Pitt.
And by the way, you're all welcome for the fact that I saved you from any stories about Brangelina
with all weekend long and all over the minute of the day.
Oh, sweating that never took place and who cares already.
Geez, sure.
Here's a life.
I have no life.
Anyway, here's speaking I have no life.
How many times should we read this every day?
Yeah.
Memorandum from our program director, Judge Dero, aka Clemens, the worst memo in the history of the business.
Carbon copy to general manager Joe Bell, by the way.
And everybody, all QM employees, Ray Beeston Reaper.
Remember the prisoner?
He was number six.
Reaper is number three.
Yeah.
Well, according to that, no, he's number two.
Oh, you even say that again.
I've always said that.
Can't you smell it?
Clemens' is I've enlisted Brian London and Robert Reaper to assist me in running the WQM programming department.
They ask you for something.
Please come dry.
They're communicating the seasons I have made and goals that I have for the radio station.
They are my flunkies.
They are my underlings.
They are my spies.
Please consider that when they contact you and if any issues arise, please handle them respectfully and professionally.
Oh, brother.
You're right.
Number one N, number two N, number three, whatever that is.
Also, if I cannot be found, which happens more often than not because you use your emphasible nerd.
And there is a pressing issue.
Please see them for any assistance.
Now, if you had some kind of a problem, would you go running the Robert Reaper?
I'm going to start.
Brian and Robert have been with WQM for a long time and are deserving of this.
They are passionate about the station and care about its sound and success.
I'm glad they've agreed to help me with this endeavor.
That is just that we have now reached the bottom.
Okay.
Just when you thought rock's bottom.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
So, Clarence, this is for you as we know it.
Bye, bye, bye!
