Gang rate is funny.
Hi, I'm Drew Allison.
Notice you haven't seen me in movies for a long time.
That's because I always wet my pants.
Remember my love scene with Jimmy Stewart and that Monty Stratton fixer?
I was so...
Do you know Gene Kelly's same stance in singing in the rain?
That wasn't rain? That was me!
But I'm back.
Thanks to deep-end adult diapers,
they're so absorbent,
it's like having two rolls of toilet paper in your back pocket.
Oh, and each diaper has colorful pictures of the great stars of the forties,
reddish hair,
Donald or Connor, and there's me!
Drew Allison,
I still wet my pants,
but thanks to deep-end,
I'm working again.
She's off the deep end now because Drew Allison...
Well...
She died?
That's it. That's what I heard.
Yeah, that's the room we're going around, that she's very dead.
Anyway, before I even get to do an Allison dying,
guess what?
We'll be out with Washington last night already told you.
Josh, I don't know how you actually watched the whole movie,
and I'm very apologized for sending it to you.
What's that?
Rear window.
Oh, you don't like it?
Well, in its time, it was okay.
It was like a...
You know, it could one of those real slow-fifthies movies.
That's what I was very, very slow,
and it was much going on,
and it was a very corny dialogue,
and just...
Oh, God, I have no idea how you stayed all the way through that.
You know, the fact that you watched that all the way through,
and you fell asleep in the middle of the network,
that tells me that you've got some real problems.
I think it might have been a Grace Kelly,
or the ballet dancer that got me through it.
No, the ballet dancer.
Oh, okay.
That's inspiring.
What about my lonely heart?
What ever happened with those pills?
Did she actually take the pills or not?
I guess not.
Maybe the dogs took the pills.
Yeah, we never did find out.
Yeah.
When you put it in your outfit,
you notice when they put the dead dog in the basket,
they put the dead dog in the basket,
and they pulled it up,
and the woman there was screaming at her.
Oh, why, did you hate him because he liked you?
Well, he's screaming and carrying out bitching out her neighbors,
because somebody killed her dog.
And what they pull out of the basket is like a ragtaw.
Right.
I guess they almost did a four-season thing.
What if the dog's name was precious?
Do we really have to curl on for three hours tonight?
Absolutely.
I guess that's figurine at the sportsters.
We'll be watching the All-Star game.
I heard the Humper say he's going to be watching it.
Well, glad he will, because I sure as I won't.
How many pitches will you be watching the All-Star game?
I vote for none.
George, we already know, goes without saying no.
What about Josh?
I'll dabble.
Oh, my God.
We're not asking whether you're going to dabble
and otherwise you'll see what he'll say.
We know you're going to dabble.
I'm not going to watch the whole thing.
Oh, my God.
Just like that World Cup final.
If there was any doubt, and of course,
the Italians here, there's 500,000 Italians in Toronto,
and they were all having a field.
They're going crazy.
Oh, just going nuts.
Thank God they don't live anywhere near me.
But what is that all about?
Oh, it's hysterical nationalism.
Oh, that makes sense.
What does that make you?
Okay.
Especially with the big match fixing scandal
that they're going to do in the first place.
Doesn't kind of cast a dark poll on that whole thing?
All the diving going on in the guy that from France
that was retiring, and I have no idea what his name was.
I could care less.
He had butts the guy and gets tossed out of the game.
I saw the whole garbage.
What an A-hole.
That's what I said.
What a French hole.
Yes.
God.
I was speaking to that, speaking of holes.
Issue in the...
There is the chief...
The Fumpir in chief.
Two in Allison, the sunny, raspy voice,
perfect wife of Jimmy Stewart,
Van Johnson, other movie heroes,
has died, her daughter said Monday, she was 88.
Oh, that's old enough.
Allison died, Saturday, or home in O-J.
I never heard that.
I never saw him print.
Some place in New York, California.
I guess O-J.
Maybe it's O-J.
Okay.
Maybe it's O-Hi.
With her husband of nearly 30 years...
Futscord, man.
... with a extra-witter side.
She died a pulmonary respiratory failure
and acute bronchitis after a long illness.
During WW2, American GI's pinned up photos
to read a hit worth and Betty Grable.
But June Allison was the girl they wanted to come home to.
Petite blonde and alive with fresh-faced optimism.
She seemed the ideal sweetheart and wife,
supporting an unthreatening, in other words, sexless.
I had the most wonderful, last meeting with June at her house.
We were sex-steer friends, our missers,
said lifelong friend and fellow actress,
Esther Williams.
Remember Esther Williams wasn't she the bathing suit model?
Yes, she was.
To be a day over 100 now.
That's right.
With typical wonder-men,
Allison Express Surprise,
not in 1986, and if you let's see it,
ever become a movie star.
I have big teeth.
I list my eyes disappear when I smile.
My voice is funny.
I don't seem like Judy Girl,
and I don't dance like Situaries.
But woman identified with me.
And while men desire Situaries,
they'd like to take me home to meet mom.
I was married to actor director Dick Powell,
and then I went down the toilet,
and then she, after Paul's cancer,
that's in 63.
She battled breakdowns alcoholism
and a disastrous second marriage,
and but a bit a bit a bit a bit about it.
After graduating from a wheelchair to crutches to braces,
Ella was inspired by Ginger Rogers dancing with furthest hair.
That was her real name, Ella and her Geisman.
Okay.
She was six when her alcoholic father left.
And it goes on with all kinds of information about somebody
that almost nobody in our audience except chicken,
I know who the hell that is.
And you know because she pee a lot.
That's right.
Or at least she invented those,
and she invented those commercials.
I mean, we all grew up with that.
Yeah. Everybody grew up watching
June Allison plug into pens.
If you pee in your pants,
it depends on where you're doing it.
So if you're a lot of depends.
Or just by a shinduck tape,
always comes in real handy,
or day after about that before the show.
Like in that movie,
Hollow Man, it's a good thing.
There was a bunch of duck tape
in that room where they got locked into.
That'll solve all your problems.
Because your boyfriend is lying there
with his guts ripped wide open,
and all she does is take a nice piece of duck tape,
and not only does it stop the bleeding,
and heal him up,
realize that then in the last scene of the movie,
he comes and saves her ass.
That's right.
Oh, India trained glasses in a Bomba Grande.
Or so.
Right now it's many Bombas.
Five here in India.
In Mumbai, it was used to be Bombay.
That'll keep sending,
keep changing the names of them places, you know.
Well, it's the British that changed it in the first place.
At least 15 killed in the last rock commuter trains
in your India's financial capital.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
No, that's because you don't have no India people in South Florida.
We got Indians all over the place here.
Some of them are very nice people,
and some of them smell very bad.
Because that's a curry thing.
Here's a fact before we get into your poll result from yesterday.
We will do a thousand votes I believe today,
which would be quite an accomplishment in the middle of summer.
546 right now, and today's poll.
Think we'll do it?
Oh, you can do it.
Now we're going to push heavy duty for that.
Because look at the rest of that schedule.
We got people go, Caporec.
It's the 11th of July, man.
And I do not lie.
When I tell you that on the 11th of July,
here we are at WQA, and we still are no closer.
We haven't made.
We've done nothing.
We're still doing the revolving dough from 2 to 4.
And boy, are we paying a wicked price for it?
Or what?
Well, they're negotiating with Kenny Walker
and his contract, but it'd be better to move it about.
And Mad Dog agreed to do 2 to 5.
And a hopper, they're going to like,
try to beat him over the head with a broom handle
to try to get him to go back to the afternoon's where it belongs.
There's just nothing going happening.
We're like in suspended animation, like Larry King.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
Just, uh, amazes me.
But the text keeps showing up there too early,
which is fine.
It's all I care about.
But we apologize for the, ineptitude of the, the, uh...
What do you call it, like, uh...
The petrified forest, you know?
Okay.
You know what I mean?
Like, like a tree that's been petrified.
Or like a bug frozen in amber?
Yeah, that might be it.
They're in suspended animation.
They just can't make a move.
They're, uh, that means, should we do that?
They just ain't doing nothing.
And of course, what's his name?
Uh, your buddy, the GM.
He's still got that lobotomy thing going.
And then, duck him in his morning to tell me about, uh, whatever he's got.
Some, what, what has he got?
Don't ask me.
I wouldn't ask him.
That's something, huh?
I was totally not listening.
No.
You think who, when I said to him,
You fairy.
Yeah, I mean, Mark from Hellen the Elbeats says,
this is kind of cute.
Oh, and I think the judge never saw Faso, did he?
No, I never saw that one.
So George gave me a fiery 40, said,
you saw the whole, um, imaginary heroism, you loved it?
I, I, I thought it was very good.
Yeah.
It is very good.
It's a great movie.
You see what I mean about Sigourney Weaver?
How good she is, isn't it?
It was great.
She, you see the part, you mentioned the part where she walks in the head shop is great,
but when she's getting arrested, to me, is the funniest part, which is, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And Josh isn't gay, but you might be.
It figures.
Makes sense.
That's a great line.
It makes sense.
So, speaking of great lines, Mark and Hellen the Elbeats says,
just wanted to let you know that Pazzo was finally released on DVD.
Well, that means I can send you guys Pazzo.
All right.
I heard a scene, but you, Josh hasn't.
That's a keeper.
I know. You'd like that.
Josh has a very good sense of humor.
He likes rye, comedy, non-standard comedy.
I think he'd like that.
You see, because a lot of the stuff that we play like,
that the honey tune, yeah.
It doesn't mean anything unless you see the movie.
You're like poor Anne Bancroff, who's dead like,
you're a Tionic.
It means nothing unless you see the movie.
And that, of course, that whole feeding friendly.
Right.
I like love Shincoca.
He's a worthy guy.
Me too.
And Mark, we won't see that.
And the facts is also very funny.
I've forgotten all about that.
He says, Pazzo was finally released on DVD a couple of weeks.
Oh, I guess what else was released on DVD?
Ed Wood.
Okay.
I don't think Josh would like that, because first of all,
I don't think he's probably that much into Bellow or Ghosty number one.
And number two, he should watch it.
Number two, one to one.
Like I told you, once you see in the first 15 minutes,
it just keeps repeating the same thing.
Eddie, please come, Eddie.
Eddie, you know, a D.
This is a D.
Yeah, then we should have sent him over to see a Bellow.
But anyway, Pazzo, you're like, it says,
our unfortunate, this has no added features.
Well, I don't know, but I don't usually watch the added features anyway.
I'm calling it crazy, but I don't watch the added features.
And George watched a while we a fight.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Riddett has been talking about it, and everybody on there should be forced to watch that.
But you won't.
Mark says, I've got to say, my favorite line in the movie is when Dom says to his brother,
Jr. during breakfast, you know something, Jr.
You don't know how to run your plate.
You're not much of come out even with the bread.
You don't know how to run your plate.
Yeah.
That was great.
I was great.
Although I did like where he said, you like bread.
You love bread.
I like bread.
Right.
Everybody keeps giving him too much bread.
Right.
I love bread.
No, he says, you love bread.
I like bread.
Jr. is just a Dom.
But I still.
I started giving me lines from Pazzo.
That was my line.
I love bread.
It reminds me of the call you had several years ago when he asked how you worked a plate at the buffet.
At the Amelco's, do you remember that idiot?
How do you attack the buffet at the...
Oh, thanks, Mark.
That he brought us Pazzo because that's the movie that everybody should see during the dog days.
There's somebody boring hours for you to fill.
It's 180 degrees in the shade.
People are in a coma, which I can easily understand.
And especially with his sports crap on man, that World Cup.
Oh, man, there's nothing going on.
I watched in HD the entire thing from beginning to end.
If you can believe that.
That's probably the first time I ever watched a soccer match in its entirety in my life.
And the last time, too, by the way.
Well, I got, you know, chocolate got all caught up in the height.
I felt like it was obliged to watch it.
Like I might miss something.
I wouldn't have missed nothing.
It is.
Oh, and then you know who's a real jackass, which I already knew this.
I guess.
Jeff Greenfield, that the medium-mouthed commentator on CNN, who never says anything who's supposed to be there.
I don't know what this title is.
He's a jackass.
He's a real...
...cool.
And he goes through a commentary about, well, the rest of the world is into soccer so much.
And maybe the US can finally...no.
No.
Can blame the US for a lot of things, including our crappy foreign policy and our idiot president.
But I'm going to tell you right now.
Soccer.
Socks.
It is...
There's nothing to happen.
And then the guy will like, oh, here's a chance.
And he kicks the ball like 40 yards high and wide on the goal.
The goal is about 80 feet wide anyway.
And this is stupid.
And then to decide the championship on penalty case.
Then we like to decide on the Stanley Cup on shootouts.
See, they have shootouts in the NHL during the regular season.
And it takes...
He plays off.
He hears the score in soccer.
And they live out of the house.
They don't have it as shootouts because the games are too important so they have overtime until somebody scores.
Well, they can't...yeah, if they can't play in the game until somebody scored another goal, they'd still be playing that game, I think.
So they have to have shootouts.
And the guy is like, you know, it's like...
It's like if you were playing like dodgeball and a guy stands five feet in front of you and he's got like a bowling ball.
And you're...you know, he's got a golf ball.
And he heaves it right of your head and like, you're going to get out of the way.
Well, that's the chance that the goalies got to stop and those penalty kicks.
They're not going to stop him.
The one that France missed and hit the crossbar and it came down and missed by two inches going over the goal line.
And that decides the championship.
Plus that trophy, it sets a little piece of crap.
You know, even people who hate hockey know the Stanley Cup is a big, you know, beautiful...
You know, it's got some substance to it.
Got some size.
But that little puke trophy for the World Cup, I think it's appropriate.
Just amazing.
How many people that I'm reading very jackass writes about all the ratings were this and Unifizion and all of my Argentinians have presented.
By the way, how did Argentine and Brazil do there in the final?
Were they in there?
No.
Didn't see them for a change.
Thank God.
You know, that's the big thing in Brazil is that half the men are...
Half the women are men.
And the other half would like to be here.
I don't know how that works.
Well, the better, better, so...
And so we're happy.
Right.
10-13 at 5-60 WQM.
And for years now, I've been telling you about a great place to drag all your friends.
Take them to the pot, the melting pot, and their fondue restaurants.
For what a fantastic treat this is.
If you haven't been there in a while to the pot, now is the time to go back.
It's a full four-course dining experience starting with their renowned cheese fondue.
And they serve it up with three different breads to dip in dunk in there.
Granny Smith apples and crisp veggies.
Next comes your choice of lively salads.
And then your enthrase, including the combination of all kinds, are really nifty stuff like lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, caged and seasoned chicken, pork, duck, portabello, shrimp.
And then you have the mushrooms and lots more cooked in order broth.
I got quite a stare about mushrooms later on by the way.
Really?
And don't forget the melty pots homemade dipping sauces that we make your fondue experience a blast.
And here's the clincher.
When you're done shoving all this good stuff in your poist, top it off with their famous chocolate fondue desserts
with fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, cheesecake, brownies and tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed oreos or graham crackers for dipping only at the melting pot.
And like I've said all the time, and it's the truth.
It isn't just another meal at another restaurant.
It's an experience.
You'll find a pot in Fort Lauderdale, Kindle, Bokeh or Cooper City, North Miami Beach and Coral Springs.
Tell Matt Neill since you and the gang buy for a real fabulous eating experience at the pot.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16 QA.
I got your crowbondicks right here, homeboy.
Here's the grill.
And we're talking hobbond on 5'16 QA.
Come and homey right here at 5'6 7 H.O.
Oh, oh 5'6.
Come and homey.
Let's be talking to Steve and Miami.
Steve, you know what me?
Warring to my.
Well, Crow, what do the marbles have to do to win the world series this year?
Oh, that's an easy one, Steve.
They got to swing them back, hit them bow.
It's those strikes.
Remember, the game of baseball is 50% hitting.
That's almost half 50% feeling 50% pension and 20% managing.
But Crow, that's 175%.
What? Don't you be questioning me?
Would you be ignorant?
Be what?
Evening.
Evening I said you be ignorant.
Well, now I'm not ignorant.
Boy, I play ball pensioner baseball in a darn world country and get men half my size.
Did you?
Well, actually I...
I play.
Not even an athlete!
Are you?
Not even an athlete!
Come on, me homie.
I'm the Crow out of gate team.
In the middle of gate team.
1018 at 5'60, WQM.
We got the Kibbleball Camp or a 2, Mad Dog at 4' and then we got the Crow talking hardballs
from 7 to 10 tonight followed by the indication.
I guess we got the Crow under because the All Star game is on and we figure anybody that's a baseball fan who be watching the All Star game
and wouldn't be listening to us anyway.
So rather than signing off and doing transmitter maintenance, which we couldn't get a spot in there, we just throw his ass on, right?
Oh my god!
Yeah, right.
Another bad piece of news just hot off the wires, they're dying like flies, man.
Oh, you're going to be very depressed when you hear this, although you're not going to know who it is.
Mylon B Williams?
Who?
You see what I'm saying?
But once I tell you who he was and what group he was with, and then what song?
Oh man, if you had this, he wrote their first hit.
If you had this song in your Vance collection, or I'd be very pleased, but I think you would do it well.
Sounds like a challenge.
It is.
Mylon B Williams is one of the original members of the Commodores.
Died after a long battle with Cancer, he was 58.
He died Sunday at the University of Texas, MD.
Why is it that, you know, June Allison died on Saturday and now we get the news today.
It's Tuesday last time I checked and this guy died Sunday and it just takes a long time for this to come down to the bonsai pipeline, I guess.
At the University of Texas, MD Anderson, Cancer Center in Houston said Joanne Geffen, a spokesman for the band.
I wonder if she's kind of like David Geffen.
She sure wasn't his wife.
Williams who played keyboards was one of the founding members of the Commodores which formed in 68, while all three members work in college at the Tuskegee Institute of Alabama.
I never knew that, did you?
No.
The group whose best-known member was of course the anxious Lionel Richie.
Had a series of hits during the 70s and 80s including Brick House, Easy and Three Times a Lady.
But, but, yes.
I don't want to hear that.
How about Easy?
No.
Oh, so do you bother.
Pressing every time.
Here's a thing that's suicide vibes.
Williams wrote the band's first hit, My Scene Gun Mine.
That's the song I was talking about.
Oh yeah.
No, I know the song and I don't want to make great instrumentals of all time.
I'm fun to go get it.
It's good, My Scene Gun Mine.
He was once, twice, three times a brother and we love him.
He gave all that he could give to the Commodores.
He'll always be remembered as a band member, Walter Orange.
Huh.
Walter Orange who's probably dark.
Although you know something, there are a lot of those, there are many of the groups which is the one thing I love about those time life infomercials.
There's where they have clips of the different bands that you never saw them before.
And you had some of them that you thought were black, are actually white and vice versa.
And some of them that you never saw before, actually like Bo Donaldson and the Haywoods.
He was a pretty good looking guy.
Bo Donaldson.
The most common thing is realizing how ugly a lot of these people were.
Most of them, you know.
He is survived by his wife, two sons from previous marriages.
The funeral of the young Friday in Oklahoma, Mississippi, where he was born.
There would be a memorial service in LA in August.
Myelin B. Williams, the name would be nothing but if I told you he was one of the founding of the original Commodores, you'd say,
Oh my goodness.
Oh my God.
Especially a machine gun. You don't got to do it.
No, but I'm getting it.
I had it on a red 45.
You know, in a radio business, how we went back in the days when we played music.
We used to get all those radio station copies.
You know, there were all these neat colors green and red and, you know, like translucent.
You know what I mean?
I did.
You ever see those?
Oh, slick. Some of the clear see-through.
Oh yeah. Some of those really neat looking 45s.
Well, anyway, I had a machine gun on a red disc.
On a red vinyl disc.
Oh man, that was something.
I wish I still had that.
I don't know what I'd do with it.
Where the hell would you play it?
Oh, the best one.
I still have a turn to hit it.
One of the...
Every kid's best possessions in the 50s and 60s was the automatic 45 RPM.
Not the one that had the different variable speeds with 33 and even 78.
But just the 45, the little small one with a spindle, right?
Right?
I mean, you can enjoy an air unit.
Just load up all your 45s on air.
That's right.
Very dying light flies.
First, you know, Allison, now this is Schmuck.
Here's George's poll from yesterday, 997 votes.
Oh, we can top that during the show today.
What was that poll?
I'm not even going to go into it because I don't...
I'm afraid to ask.
The one before, the one that you took on a Friday for over the weekend.
Because I voted, I hate this poll and I see everybody else to do.
Yeah, yes, he ended that poll.
Josh saw it and suggested it.
I thought it was a good idea.
And everybody voted it.
He certainly didn't have all those words on it that you put on there.
Some of which I'm certainly positive you weren't saying on the air.
No, I was not.
Oh, I was saying popping.
Oh, okay.
Oh, finger popping.
Right.
Like that Hank Valver in the Midnighters, it's finger popping time.
Right, popping it.
Like a zit.
What do you miss the most, George, that 897 votes?
There it is.
There's machine gunman.
Oh, let's play a little bit of this.
An honorable, what's his name?
This is from the Boogie Night Sound track, as if there aren't enough reasons to like that movie.
Not too many instrumentals really cranked my chain, you know, but this is one of my favorite.
It's funky.
That's it.
That's all I got.
That's all it's downloaded so far.
Oh, really?
I mean, that's all I got.
It works my new disc, by the way.
What do you want?
I just getting really lonely.
Oh, did I mention I know I did, but I got to say it again.
This blackberry, what's the number, 8700?
The new one?
I forget.
This thing is slicker than which is butt, man.
It is just the best.
If you got one of them old first generation bliper, you just throw in the toilet and get
you a new one, the 8700.
I mean, it is phenomenal.
I just mentioned that in passing.
What do you miss the most?
997.
Low gas prices, 347.
And by the way, for you must have been psychic because the lead story here in the world, gas
price hits an average $297 a gallon, the second highest level ever in history.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low bargain basement prices of gas.
He can't get a good gas.
He can't get a great, don't worry about the deficit.
Stop talking about it.
The average price consumers paid for gasoline jumped almost 4 cents over last week to 297
a gallon, the second highest level ever.
The National Pump Price for Regular Unlimited Gasoline is up 65 cents from a year ago, and not far
from the record, 307, which last September after Katrina disrupted petroleum supplies.
The rise of the pump reflects an increase in U.S. crude oil prices.
Right, which accounts for about half the cost of making gasoline.
They always have some excuse, and then a couple of months later they'll say,
oh, extra on and all the other oil companies reporting record profits.
Stop and think about that, okay?
If they're gouging the hell out of the public and they're making record profits, then what's the excuse?
How can there be an excuse?
That's why that movie that I sent you, which you ought to be kissing me on the kneecaps for that.
Why would we fight?
That's the definitive movie about the world and why we're in a shape that it's on today.
We're just tools.
We don't have a chance.
That's right. We're in the war business.
I don't know what the word is.
We're in the war machine, man.
We got to keep greasing that war machine, whether it's Vietnam, whether it's Iraq, and they're all based on a bunch of lies, by the way.
And like I told you the last time I was on, then we do a great job in Korea.
That's you're accomplished a lot.
You would have any more problems over there.
Right.
The price for U.S. oil delivery in August hit a record $75.78 cent of barrel last week at the New York Mercantile Exchange.
And all you people at the Gamblering Channel by the way, CNBC, I still say you ought to be on death row.
You ought to be in prison.
Kenny Lay had the decency to have a heart attack and die when you guys are going to do it.
What is that Maria Barca Romo going to turn into bags for a box?
Bitch.
And your buddy, David Ted, Ted David Webberius, would they have two first names?
Never trust a guy with two first names.
As soon as you know, whoever is the best example, if you look that, hang up on Wikipedia, you know, who this picture is there?
Do do do do do do do do.
Howard David, two first names.
Never trust anybody with two first names.
Rick James.
Yeah.
Right.
So it goes to show you all more is dead.
The pump price is a long way to fall before meeting the EIA's current forecast at Canceling
the Leverage 276th of summer.
Yeah, right.
What do you miss the most low gas prices?
347 democracy 261.
Oh, I remember that.
The land of the free in Yadi Yadi.
Teen sex 190.
Freedom of speech 93.
That was my vote.
That was my vote.
It was almost yesterday.
Good radio 73, which of course went hand in hand, I think, with freedom of speech.
Also, with less of this, you know, corporate crap.
Yeah.
Where a few companies, a few money grab and companies bought up every damn station in America.
And the FCC said, oh, go ahead and have a good time.
Have a good time.
Just chop them all up, baby.
When in doubt, chop them up.
And acid 33.
So do you like better Timothy Leverage or Dennis Leverage?
Oh, Timothy.
That'd be a good, that'd be a good poll question to take something.
Timothy was more fun at a party.
Oh, I don't know.
Yeah, but he never sang that.
I don't know what kind of bag that is.
Look at that today all day.
Do it for hours.
Double dog, Gary.
Oh, man, it's going to be a lot of fun today.
I just have that feeling in my bones.
It might not take too many phone calls today.
In fact, it might not take any.
Because the jury gave me a spy report on the crapper that's been coming in.
And why would that surprise me?
I don't know.
He's right there on the log.
He's somewhere with anybody with a half a brain gets out of that toilet.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.16 QA.
They don't come any better than Neil Roger.
The dadman's go down real hard.
His sentence was ahead.
There goes his heart.
He wanted to go with.
But then with the question of the spirit we see.
And it's Friday's done and now we wonder.
The
hero.
And we
We were not sad to see you.
No, we were bad.
Don't we shout it out.
It's sad that my baby's full again.
I want you to want to think.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
And say no.
Nowatch, dad and mother
And it's one of my usually fine efforts, I would say.
I'm trying to think of what inspired me to on through this pool.
I don't know.
I'll do it for all those stories.
I saw the news I sent about Julie Bremen.
And I just heard Somersault.
And I was right.
Yeah.
I see, I buy.
He's, yeah.
Yeah, I buy, I inquiry is man.
Yeah, what's he so sure with that?
Now he shouldn't.
Now he's found a rust is an independent.
Still, boy hooker by cook even if he loses
Democratic primary in August.
He's still going to mind a being on the ballot just wait who's going to vote for him
632 votes other than your president
You know so I put your president ahead of Eric underlined it because he's not my president
I don't want nothing to do with him other than your president the politician you hate the most is big change
Was there ever any doubt 279?
He's got almost half the votes 44.1 percent what are they great crooks in a history of the US?
One of the biggest liars crooks devious bastards who belongs no question in a federal penitentiary right now
Big change 279
Waiting news conference on deadly Boston tunnel collapse. When hell was that? I didn't see that it's a developing story
Is it that's what that's all now get out of here? There was a the Boston tunnel collapsed
How the hell could I miss a story like that? I've driven to that baby is it in times long ago
Catherine Harris 62 they hate that bitch
By the way, I have a story about her later on it says even the Republicans don't want any part of that bitch
I know by the way sure about her plane. Oh, man
I heard that the rain in Spain falls mainly on her plane
Jeb Bush 58 swillery 48
Let's see 46 time to lay 44 Julie. We've been God look how many he's got
Putting my vote was never any doubt in my mind. He like I said he makes me want to scream Rick Santor
I'm speaking of screamers 25. That's all he cares about is fetus isn't faggot's Rick Santor
That's all he knows from fetus isn't fags
That's the middle of his agenda, but there is that homemade car's eye in Afghanistan with the rummage fell
What a good pair they are a couple of stuages all we need over there now is
Do do do do do do do do I know I hate this poll 22 Ted Kennedy 22 George Herbert Walker Bush
That was Bush one or Bush 41 or Bush or whatever 11. That's the partner of the Southeast
Business partner a new king rich nine and the only reason he's only got nine is because out of sight out of mind
They forget how obnoxious he was contract on our freedoms Rudy Giuliani nine John McCain eight total phony if you see him in this movie
Why we fight you'll understand what a total sell out he is an absolute phony and full of grant
Saying all the right things in that movie and all of a sudden the phone rings all the vice presidents online about I can't
Can finish the interview here? I got to talk get more instructions from dick John McCain eight built printin for
Al Gore three and John Kerry only one. Yeah, it's interesting about John Kerry
They don't hate him. They just don't want any part of
Remember all the polls that we've taken about too, but they like to see Ron and sure
Luke warm about him. He's not a bad guy. He's just weak. Do you know what he's gotten common with Hillary?
Yeah, that's a couple of waffles man. He really is starting to piss me off big time starting
Thanks for catching up. No, but I mean increasing like day by day
Of the great waffles wow about a beep that a loop that about Benchie just she is strictly never does and that's all about it
The last name was Smith that wouldn't be anybody give two wouldn't give two looks at that bitch
That's right, but because it's a Bubba's wife
See it actually what it really is is that the public wants Bubba back again for a couple of more terms
But if we can't have him will have the next closest thing. Let's just vote for Monica
What do you say?
Did you ever go out and get the idea that I put it? Oh, yeah, yeah, shocked and dissonant now if she wasn't a
Walking cow a walking
Walking was stretching cow if she'd away at least 600 pounds that I'm talking through my ass
Wow, what a gigantic monstrous she is now she's probably eating her frustrations
You know she went through a lot of issues 641. Oh diplomatic moves on going more developing stories
They're on CNN and they've shown them up
But it just making dollar bills they were cutting up a bunch of bills and there were hundreds I'd taken more of an interest
More good news from a rack by the way nothing but good stuff going on over there. Am I right?
Oh, we're flying every day gunman and Baghdad intercepted a minivan carrying a coffin to the she had holy city of Najaf today
Killing all ten people on board and other five people were killed in about a double bombing at a restaurant near the green zone
The van was attacked in the volatile southern neighborhood of Dura by gunman in two cars
Machmoud and captain firis Kittai who's Machmoud? Oh, lieutenant Thayer Machmoud and
And the captain firis Kittai said those killed were sheards signacoff to be buried in a job 100 miles south of Baghdad a common practice among sheards
They were just slumping a coffin down there a lot of dead bodies a lot of coffins a part car bomb
Felt by a suicide attacker on foot struck a restaurant frequented by the police
The restaurant was about 200 yards from the entrance to the green zone the fortified area that houses the US and the British
Emphasis and Iraqi government offices
Let's get that bad news out of the way real early throw it on the ground
There you go. I just heaved it on the floor. We don't want no bad news. No more. It's hot. It's steamy
It's sticky as nasty people don't want to be like inundated by this important stuff
They want important things like America's got talent. Isn't that what's important? What else is and of course these good calls to WQ
I am sure already I was already hanging up before even you know what's in there was the finger was back on the button
WQ way and hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, yeah, I want neither this in the second
I got the sound that he was that you know about that the Commodore song
One that we just played on the air ten minutes ago. Oh you did
Yeah, get out of here. Get out of here loser
That you know something right there those two those two
Prozac Ron who needs to be by the way taken out I'm not talking about taking out for dinner
I'm just gonna talk about taking out all we could take about for dinner just
You know taking the Louise in a bronze for both right and then of course of this knit with who we did
Just got through planet George went through all kinds of herniatic gymnastic stunts
That was no trouble at all to get that for us and to play that on there and then it's got well
I got to saw in the old was talking about that my machine gun. Yeah, and you know something sir
yourself. That's what I would do do like do a Kenny late do the world a favor croak like a frog as they say in Montreal
One of the most is dressing and disturbing stories this thing about the I just if ever there's a case not just for capital punishment
But for vigilante justice this one is from Fresno and this isn't about those cookie-baking anti-warp of 80 year old protesters out there in Fresno either
Remember them in firm height. Yeah, they were dangerous cookie-baking a grandmas
What was in those cookies the rape of an 11 year old girl may have involved as many as ten men most of whom are football players at local community colleges
There's that jock mentality again, baby
The movie yep. Why why are people surprised at the scrap goes on?
I'm not a jock mentality man. We got to be macho and beat the crap out of women and rape them and abuse them
That's the whole mentality remember the other day and the other day the all the time we're talking about the fact that most
Jocks even if they're not they claim to vote Republican all the time. Mm-hmm. It's a macho thing. That's right
That's what it's all about you got to be with the macho party
Not those won't be coming pinko-fag Democrats, but you got to be with a macho like you know Charlton Heston and Ronnie Reagan the real macho guys
Reagan used to be macho before he croaked but then again he forgot about those days
Police arrested too many connection with the rape Saturday night and official said they identified eight others as persons of interest
Most are all our students in either Fresno City College or a redley college
Wonder if Greg Reid got something to do with that
The victim run away from a group home went to a Fresno apartment complex Saturday night to visit the Quentin said police
spokesman Jeff Cardinal when while she was inside one of the units
She allegedly was sexually assaulted multiple times by several men the girl then fled the apartment and sought help from a couple on the street
Who called the police the victim was taken the University Medical Center for an exam
Mackie Davis 20 and Eddie Scott 19 were arrested on one country each of child molestation with the victim under 14 and oral
Compilation with the victim under 18 both being held at Fresno County jail on a hundred thousand dollar bail
The rape allegedly took place in housing arranged by the Fresno City College football team
Davis and Scott were students that really may have been in the process of transferring the Fresno City
Caused and emails to Fresno City athletic department automatically return calls to really also an unanswer
Can't imagine why can you no that's the jock mentality baby
Let's get those women and rape them and just beat them up and make them black and blue and yeah
I'm using because that makes us a hell of a lot more macho
This is me who runs especially this is a living day of girl
That my junior honey
I
Can't
These leads
We just signed randomly. What about the new release huh the new
I can't close nobody
Oh
Leaves are we closing isn't always easy especially if you're only given the old leads
What if with one phone call you can get fresh new leads and actually close enough to get yourself on the Cadillac board
Get the truck
It's not too good to be true. It's the Glen Gary leads the leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them
Not the ones on the blue cards are used to trying to close on do you hear me you find it no matter what kind of property
You're trying to close on Glen Gary has the leads you need
The new leads and you don't get them unless you call now one 800
Gary
That's one 800 get to work. That's one 800 have you made your decision for Christ call Glen Gary leads now and you'll receive
Thousand dollars and one count them that's one 800 close
Boyd also I don't care how many day go guinea what grease ball gumbas come out of the woodware
14 to 11 at 560 W.A.A. and here's the facts from Andy and Miami Beach who says all the day go guinea
Wamp grease ball gumbas came out of the woodware on Sunday in South Beach
It's that stupid as world cup soccer match man the one were basically almost nobody scored afterwards one one
Unilaterally Lincoln Road and Ocean Drive was packed with thousands of Italians actually there aren't too many Italians in South Florida just a lot of
Guido's and there's a big difference although to be honest with you that's soccer that's soccer team
They were they were real Italian Guido's
Honking screaming and priding around with huge Italian flags
Why don't they go to realize that they're an American now if I walked around Rome like that with an American flag
I probably would be beaten and rightfully so by the way. Oh, yeah, they were going crazy at Il Coliseo
I see
Thousand six hundred thousand crazy
Italians out there about a coliseum you see that no also season here's the part we got to do a little homework
We got to look this up Wikipedia. What is it Wikipedia.com? Yeah, I'm looking at it now
It's just you might oh I got an email from the guy a while back but I forgot to look at it who did I got an email from the guy saying
Hey, I just wrote a Wikipedia article for Neil but I forgot to check. Oh also I noticed that your Wikipedia
President finally filed I had nothing to with it know that you will not be happy with it
It is easy to change and if you don't know how to do it. Thank you. And he might be good
What does it say you got it? Yeah, I'm looking at it so far so good
Is another one of those puff pieces one of those things that because everything on the internet about me is always
Negatory. Oh W.I. and Z the city of Hollywood wants to get Neil Rogers off the air and Helen
They want some off even worse and stuff like that that's it. That's that's the legacy that I leave behind everybody
Also was ever on probably even the crow has got a better well of course because he was a big jock
You know he used to take showers with guys naked celebrity atheist list. I made that
It seems fine. Is it the right up very informative? I don't see here
Here go Hollywood City Commission chastises W.I. and Z's near Rogers 1987
Well screw you Hollywood City Commission and Mara Galanti too, okay because life is a beach you bitch
I mean if that's the city you're just gonna look at that yeah go ahead
I'll save me the effort I don't feel like although the good the good news for Josh is that my um my
Thing my Alex
My Alexa toolbar has got itself straight now today so I can I can very quickly email him 50,000 storage for tomorrow
Well, thank god, aren't you relieved now? I am. Hey listen all those neat movies. I'm sending you let me write it down
I got to get fat so for you today, but I don't have to huh not only did Tito write in the adequate article about you
But at the very bottom there's a link to the neo-rogers dot com website well good
We need all we got three hundred and forty some odd friends there on our uh my space thing we're pretty impressed by that our goal is our goal is a thousand if we
Never get to a thousand friends. There are some chicks on there with like six thousand nine thousand
Well, by the way speaking of chicks thanks for the one who sent me the Tom Brady's ass picture there
I mean yeah, he does have his uniform on that was kind of cute. She has a thing for Tom Brady's ass
I guess I heard you had a thing for Tom Brady. No, I don't
Have a thing for anybody's ass
Trust me what I said. Why did you say no? What you did is you just send me the fact you faxed me
Sorry wrong page
Also Andy and mommy beach fax is
That's everybody kills those I'm coming out you know I grabbed the wrong key. Okay. WQ. I am hello
Q. I.m
Wouldn't this be a shame if I find one of the side-taker collar too WQ. I am hello
I
Have that thing yeah good uh-huh door door door door very weak. Oh, that must have been purely WQ. I.m
Hello
Q. I.m
The Rogers yes, I have a thought um
Why is this a star? You know I had a blue but um why would any other country want to get rid of us?
Who they're gonna sell their bull crap to nobody buys more crap than this country? You know what I'm saying?
So without this country who's weighing on a cell that crap China
What's he talking about oh here you go?
Neal Rogers the Wikipedia the Frinseculopidia redirected from Neal Rogers. What does that mean? I don't understand what that means
Don't yeah whatever radio personality bababak. H.e. uh, you do that
No, what's in February 76 was March 1? Okay, works at several cities including W.I.O.D
Or as weekdays 10 to 20 Q.A.M
His honor personality a stick that maybe best described as costically comic is earned him high ratings throughout his career
Until recently of course when a whole station's in the toilet and he's considered some of a local icon
Oh, I'd rather be an icon or class. Yeah, I can see that. Can you yeah?
Would you think about it? A typical Roger show consists of commentary where Roger's mixed with listener callers
And his first would pre-record a comedy, but he's been described as a shock shock
Although he's not so in the classics since the radio personality such as Howard Stern well
Thank God for that who the hell wants 500 million a year or whatever he's getting any out God
How can he have an ego when you're making that kind of money? I asked you know, it just
Estonishes me for the kind of money that he's making I would I would check the ego and the hair and the nose at the door
Wouldn't you sure that's just that just for just like 10% of it
Success several successful radio personalities could be protege of Rogers including Bob Lasseter and Randy Rhodes well
Howard
Bobo was a and I keep reading his blog entries every day and what is it?
Lasseter what is it? Blaseter block acid or dot counter-hound and
lately like the one yesterday about how he's after all his business about his kidneys are failing and it might be a kidney still
He does know I'm hoping for you Bobo hang in there, Bobo
Currently Rogers lives in Toronto. No, I don't live in Toronto. I just hang out here most of the time. We broadcasted show remotely
We mostly
Oh, yeah, when you ride wq. We have already broadcast remotely that's a good one is that that's the best I ever saw who did that again Tito is Tito
All right, no local fan. Thanks Tito. I wonder if he and MJ are busy
One of our line human to me over in Bahrain will fix that one
Everything we're on a payroll over there in Bahrain. Okay. Everybody else is taking graph. How come I can't get it?
I needed to he feeding those machines man. I'm done with those machines. What are killing me?
681 votes on our poll today
681 you think we're gonna make that thousand oh, yeah, we can get up to 800 by
Um, what by noon? I think we got it licked all right, we can do a hundred an hour start licking 682
Now who was it that said that was that Tom Hopkins said that no, it was uh suds suds
Now sir, I had a her aspire port that suds has been on with it who don't he has I don't know what he's probably said start licking
You know one of my spies told me that the head says on Friday and I thought well, what's new about that nothing
Does he on every Friday now or what like like every other Friday whenever he can make it whatever he can make it
Wherever he can get some good friends right to feed him maybe Johnny dark would come and visit you. I'm sorry. I'm real lucky
Oh, I gotta play that single
What which one
Yeah, that one hole. Oh, well, you know, you say the first part. No, he didn't he said the whole I didn't say the whole word
You're I got an article here that you are gonna be squeezing your kneecaps
You're gonna be so excited because I know that at least one of these people you hate like poison. Oh, let me roll my pants
Oh god. Yeah, roll your panel in fact. Where's doing Allison when you need her?
You can probably go through a case of the pens you're gonna be just peeing all over yourself when you hear this
I depends Ted roll somebody else I can get one with I just posted one of his cartoons today. It doesn't matter fact
He writes dates and buff it a thousand times worse than canlay
How do you like that? Okay? I don't have time to do it right now do it after the top of the news
Although I do have time to rip Dan Abrams and ask first of all he's an ass to begin with anybody to watch his msnbc
All five of us. He's a real egotistical jerk who you know
He's a lawyer and his father was a famous journalist. So he thinks he's a hot he's hot stuff
And he's a jerk and his show was a real loser there on msnbc
So like they usually do it's kind of like how are prima rt. A. T only on a much better grander level
Hey, Dan. How'd you like to be the general manager of msnbc?
Oh, yeah, let me say it again for the umteam time the only thing that they have on that network is Keith Oberman
That's the only thing as they continue now. Did you watch out Fox yet? No
Well, why not I sent you that nice package of other documentaries on here and how can we ever watch out Fox yet?
I've been a busy man. Well you watch it tonight. I mean if Josh could even watch imaginary heroes
Now that that one scene there. I mean there was something
You know, I guess the kiss is probably a little bit disturbing, but you could kind of feel that coming anyway
So to speak yeah, I told George. I was just funny that my roommate happened to be walking in when I when that scene came on
No, he's like yeah, you know, recommend this actually he's like yeah, I can tell he said yeah figures
Oh
Very nice now your roommate
Right
Is this the Russian Chikra is this a guy roommate? No, I got a guy's roommate. You got a guy and the Russian chick
I don't live with the Russian chick. Well, why not? Come on, man. It's not some space buddy. You live with a guy
Yeah, with all the big bucks that you're making
Oh my god, you got to be kidding me
Well, I kind of must interfere when the Russian Chikra I guess you must go over to her uh who she live with
She lives with the parents. She lives with her parents. You're living with some guy. Well, like I said
I know it's a good idea. I know it's a good idea. I'm not bad
Yeah, and a what whatever the hell that show is super nice room for natural. I ain't going on
You know we got rooms
Yeah, I got news for you Sam was your roommate. I'd be over there before midnight pushing the beds together
Yeah, pushing something by you maybe but I will I'm not
So what are you trying to say now? You got a male roommate and you're both sleeping
You don't have double beds. You got a what is this you sleep in the same bed. Did you say? No
In the hammock and that would be for Sam. Sorry
They both think it's time to 90 votes on a poll. Oh god. We're so I kind of heard you greatness here today
If we can make a thousand today, I might come back for a while on Thursday
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.60
This is the Neil Roger show
Oh
Now inside addition some crews
You never know what I'm gonna do. Yeah, but I know what you're not gonna do
You're not gonna jump on my couch or I'll break your arm
So now the story is your marriage between you and Nicole wasn't recognized by the Catholic Church
Well, you know maybe you're wedding wasn't acknowledged because of your sex couple page with young men
Who did I say that out loud? I've always been that way
You know or maybe the Catholic Church just named cool with that whole Scientology placenta eating thing
Listen, I really ate placenta. Whoa, I ate
And I did a videotape so I could go back and look and see maybe the Catholic Church just ain't done with crazy people
So I think it should we'll be right back
I don't know what at 5.60 WQM happy Tuesday July 11. I got bad news more celebrity death. Oh no
You know how they always say celebrity deaths come in threes somebody said that. I don't believe them
Well, they're right
First it was a June Allison and then it was the guy from the Commodore is whatever his name was it nobody I've heard of now
Sid Barrett. Oh no. Oh, yes pink
Sid Barrett the treble genius who co-founded Pink Floyd but spent his last years in reclusive anonymity has died a
Spokeswoman for the band said today. He was 60 ever here as music. I don't know. He made it any his own. Yeah. I know it's horrible
Oh, very lucky. Oh kind of like my buddy there. What's the name been Harper? No much worse. Really really? I don't know what's possible
Oh, yeah, the most woman who declined to give her name until a band made an official announcement confirmed me the reports that he had died
She said Barrett died several days ago. See what I mean
But she didn't disclose it cause a death he had suffered from diabetes for many years. Uh-oh
Dan Dan that he had suffered from
By babies
Barrett co-founded Pink Floyd in 1965 with Roger Waters and Nick Mason wrote many of the bands released songs the groups
Jazz infused rock made them darlings of the London psychedelic scene and the 1967 album the Piper at the Gates of Dawn largely written by Barrett
Well also five years before the release of Pink Floyd's he also wrote I think there's a word missing here
Uh, Pink Floyd's most popular album Dark Sly the Moon. He was replaced by David Gilmore
Who is not related to Buddy Gilmore or George Gilmore or John Gilmore even W. Gilmore. I don't think
Fair release two solo albums the Mad Camp last and Barrett but but soon we dropped the music business altogether
I hate Pink Floyd by the way. I don't care
He spent most of the rest of his life living quietly in his home time of Cambridge
Then where he was a familiar figure often seen cycling or walking to the corner store. Unlike of course
Some people we know who are like in their last days acting really bizarre
Don't help them right shirt. Oh, yeah. Let's see that movie again. Let's watch. Oh, yeah
Maybe we missed something right here on the ear. Maybe there was something that we missed about the whole right
I told you like that one scene there. I thought I did so I backed up the end
I like it. I first like the scenes where we watched the leaves blowing in the wind
That was really something there must have been something symbolic about that. I missed being the stupid old
Fancy red is blowing in the wind. Oh is that it? I thought he looked a little like Bob Dylan
Despite his great career Barrett's fragile wistful songs into what's many musicians from David
Boy who can cover the bar tracks see Emily play to the other members of Prince Floyd
It would be obviously I wish we were here as attribute to their troubled bandmate
bands folks instead of small private funeral would be held and we'll let you folks know when it's gonna be so all you
Pink Floyd folks, you know, just like the people who probably went to Jerry Garcia's funeral
Right. No, all the right. You know, sorry every group who's got their groupies
If you got a group you got a groupie if you got a group you got a groupie you got a groupie
Something like that speaking of idiots Dan Abrams as I started to say before Pink Floyd interrupted me
Boy, they're dying like flies now. It's unbelievable
credible if we got 700 votes yet on the pool because if we can get to 8 by the top of the hour by noon
I think we got a really solid solid shot rock solid 702 rhymes with Jew Lieberman
Who's been pretty well on the pool? I was in the president your president what politician do you despise hate the most
Dick Cheney 315 boy nobody can touch your vice president
Catherine Harris 771
10 Bush 63 the wildly popular governor of Florida fat ass yet bush 63 we hate him liar
Family a total dysfunctional family hypocrite vs artist Hillary 51 Tom belay 47 Julie
34 Rick Santorum 28. I'm surprised that many people even know who he is that right way lunatic
Ted Kennedy 24 that's bad. I hate this pool 22 George Bush the 1th 12 new King rich 10 for Newtie
Rickav Rudy Giuliani 9 John McCain 8 if they watch that movie see they have watched that movie why we fight they need to
Everyone needs to but they won't Al Gore for Bill Clinton forward John Kerry only two John Kerry comes in dead last
He did win. That's your president by the way. He won the election amazingly enough as fighter is very
Tepid campaign
But of course just like they did with Catherine Harrison Florida. They had Ken and black well in all Ohio and and they
They rock the vote can't rock the vote fix it
Well, they sure are fixing MSNBC. They're doing a hell of a job over there just like our management student a Q a.m. Not
Then Abrams is shuffling the deck is what he's doing shuffling the direct
And then because he's not gonna be on the Abrams report anymore. Thank goodness. Who is their new
Anchor on edit 4 and 6 in the afternoon mother Tucker Carlson at stupid right wing twinkie with a bow tie
Oh my god, hey Tucker
pathetic just pathetic the reason they moved him up to 11 o'clock at night is because the ratings were invisible on his show
So they moved him up to when most people are asleep and
Now they're gonna reward him I put him on a written broad daylight when people are awake
MSNBC the network with a death wish the only good piece of news is that going off the air will be
Cosby live in direct with Rita Cosby who has been doing the 10 to 11 slot Monday through Thursday
Hardballs countdown and Scarborough country remain intact countdown is keep over
The 10 to midnight slot Monday through Fridays will be MSNBC investigates an expansion of the MSN Dayline documentaries
Which have seen some ratings and provenering Friday nights. Oh
You know they have that on all weekend. I like those shows with John Singenthaler. Have you ever seen any of those? Yes
Now some of those are pretty interesting, but my god. They're on all weekend
Then I just don't get it. That would be like us putting the croon from 7 to 10 tonight because the all-story game is on
An active lunacy an active self-immolation an active self-destruction
We have a death wish even Charles Bronson can't believe this radio station. We got a death wish, baby
Three hours three freaking hours of the crow. I liked that one. Oh my god. How about you?
M. M. M. M. M.
Troll the me the blow up okay, but no thanks
This was not a decision by driven by the ratings for live and direct getting her off the air and then they're talking about she's gonna be on
MSNV
I think she's gonna do all kinds of crap
This will actually enhance readers visibility throughout the network here, right?
Then I totally discourage that I can't stand it because they put them in charge
To be like putting clearance in charge of QA and the Robert Greeper or both of them an active lunacy and active total irresponsibility
719 votes on the pool. Oh, we I think we're gonna do it today
That will really that would just keep me going right through the summertime if I'm the 11th of July
Now do you want to hear this said raw column or not? I do
Oh, let's head wrong. Well, we got people dying man. It's more important when we hear that
I'm dying over here. I mean pink Floyd and the Commodores and well
Got only nose will be maybe with a 1910 fruit gum company somebody from that group will die
We can only hope don't say that out loud
Ted raw writes gates and buff at a thousand times worse than canlay
He says bill gates were in buff at and canlay all thieves compared to the world's too richest man
However lay with small potatoes
So why are we praising them and kicking lay while he's down six feet down?
Yeah, yeah, I watch the documentary and run the smartest guys in the room lay in a sidekick CEO Jeffrey skilling
He used bluster lives in a bunch of fictional excel spreadsheets and an updated Ponzi scheme to create what appeared to be the nation's seventh largest energy company
Even when the truth that enron had negative net assets was about to come out
They continue to talk up his BS company and it's fraudulently inflated stock
Shareholder as many of them employees as retirement savings were invested in terribly an enron believed his reports that the company's finances were solid
Brock solid meanwhile while he lied through his teeth the thousands of men and women who'd be ruined because they believed him
He secretly cashed out millions of dollars of his own federal prosecutor say that lay in skilling illegally built in run out of 182 million dollars
Including company bonuses paid during their conspiracy to pump up the company stock and lays use of its line of credit to pay off millions
In personal that for such items as a $200,000 yacht for his wife Linda's 2001 birthday party
When laid out last week of a heart attack having been found guilty of fraud that led to the
2001 collapse of enron had been waiting sentencing the New York Post noting that Texas law may protect laser state from
Forking over the 43 and a half million dollars the SEC had sought his restitution
Public oh restitution. It sounds like a good song. Let's play it
Published one of its instant classic front pages pictures of the deceased executive and a coffin under the headline before they put Cheetos
Cheeto lays coffin in the grave check. He's in it. How do you like that? New York Post before they put Cheeto lays coffin in the grave
Check he's in it
True lay with scum, but the ice fit on your grayback is a new phenomenon cruel and
Averishes titans of industry typically we've seen the kid gloves treatment when they pass out of the great equities desk in 1989
Stephen J. Ross chairman and chief executive of time Warner paid himself a record 78.2 million dollars more than
9,000 times the average salary of his employees thousands of whom he had cheerfully laid off the year before
When some cynics mentioned that Ross's victims might be jumping for joy at the news of his
1992 death from prostate cancer they were universally and loudly denounced his rooted unfailing
Lays stole 43 and a half million dollars Ross overpaid himself at least 78.2 million worth 121.9 million today
Now consider investor Warren Buffett and Microsoft chairman Bill Gates worth 44 billion and 50 billion respectively
According to Forbes each one has accumulated one thousand times more cash than Ken number one bush campaign donor lay
But we're supposed to like and even admire these rogues
Buffett and Gates may not have broken any laws
Although in Gates case the Clinton they were adjusted to permithought he cheated millions of mercenaries consumers by violating anti-trust laws
But it's hard to see how their billions are more ethically legit than ladies misbegotten millions
Sorry, but working hard doesn't cut it. I don't care if you stay late at the office every night work weekends and holidays
You're never going vacation. It doesn't matter how smart imagine they were lucky you are
It just isn't possible to run 44 billion dollars in a single lifetime not honestly anyway
Gates and Buffett have created a lot of pain and misery on the way to earning their combined 94 billion dollars
Bear in mind. That's what they're worth. That doesn't include what they've spent
Gates scanned his dough the old-fashioned way overcharging his customers and underpaying his employees
Somewhere along the line of accumulating 50 billion doesn't it occurred to a guy that he could charge a little less than
$200 for buggy instantly obsolete software or that it's time for a company-wide raise
Take it even higher gasp a unionized American workers instead of building plants in the third world overlying on the slave labor of prison inmates
It's harder to drive direct line between buffets convoluted arbitrage machinations and the reduced incomes of thousands of other people
But anyone who's been downsized by a shareholder terrorized managing board has experienced the impoverishing of the workers whose employers he targets
Now we're supposed to be shocked and awed by Buffett's decision to give $37 billion about 85% of his assets to Bill Gates foundation
Stunning in its generosity rave the Christian science monitor
The scale of Mr. Buffett's philanthropy is matched by its good sense timed in the Washington Post
Recent grants paid off by the Gates Foundation of food $100,000 to the museum at Pearl Harbor
$241,500 to provide sustainable public assets computer hardware and software upgrades to libraries in LA
And 21 million dollars to provide correct elements in support for teachers as part of a transformation that aims to prepare Chicago public students for success in post-secondary education
Good causes all but maintaining Pearl Harbor is one of the reasons we pay federal taxes
What is the national and more memorial need help from Bill Gates?
Love can't help wonder whether LA librarians Chicago schools might be less cash draft in the first place
If so much of our society's wealth hadn't been monopolized by America's tiny
Increasingly powerful oligarchy rather than going to city taxpayers in the form of fair wages and affordable computers
Factoid the average number of the Forbes 400 list of richest Americans has seen his income raised three and a half times from
$800 million adjusted to two and two thousand six to two point eight billion in the last 20 years
Meanwhile the real income from more than half the population creep zero
Nada zip. They has created puppet acknowledges the rising income disparity
What has gone on in this country in recent years is a huge benefit to the very rich and not much to the relief to those below
He told fortune in 2005
But philanthropy won't slow the West slide into third world them and doesn't help the philanthropist victims
All things considered a 45 million dollar tout like Henry hurts America less than a 44 billion dollar one like Bill Gates
Consider a burger who boosts your TV and then thinking better of it. Donates it to an orphanage
His act of generosity beats the alternative keeping him for himself
But you probably prefer that he returned it to you or better yet in steal in the first place
That's your buddy Ted Rawl. How do you like that pick it on poor Billy Gates?
This is new
Rogers
And Jimmy you think it's a one-buffer
Delight I am not a not safe tired of watching news with a bias and watch the news channel that keeps insisting
It's fair and balanced even though anyone with an IQ overboard can see it's not it's
Fox News with a powerful prime timeline of so powerful that we're gonna keep repeating the word powerful as much as possible first at eight
It's the O'Reilly factor. Oh
Oh, now you said two sentences and I have not interrupted
Will Bill if I can
Oh, no, you know, I'm not letting you get away with that
Then at nine it's more debatable to meet on Fox News
Kennedy and Holmes discuss the issues of the day at the top of their lungs tonight the subject Hillary Clinton
Is she a crazed twisted liberal or just a vicious conniving bit?
Well I just shut up Alan you coming then it's him Fox News presents the edge with Paul is on we don't know why she has a show
But she's your love's good tonight on the edge we'll examine why two or two of us is the greatest president in the history of the universe
And we'll hear from both sides conservative Republicans and liberal Republicans Fox News that's coverage is always fair
Accurate and balanced towards our point of view on Fox News Fox News we distort you decide
I should then we expect it. Yeah, okay
745 votes on that pool, baby. We're gonna make that thousands of efforts the last thing we do
And then we got both camp or Kimba Bo camp or coming along a two with a big new cow from Van Dau's
It's down in front of a university dodge. What the hell more could you want and my dog three solid hours is no Marlon game
Because we got the all-star game and we don't have it
We don't we in Karen to all-star game who the hell would want to have that wedding have to crawl on from seven to ten right?
Right, I mean what are the chances you notice even on that and we got that embarrassing ad for sales people for our boy the room back there
It says if you're one of those people wants something about sports
You're you're on the smell of sweaty jocks. That's what if you like taking showers with guys naked like Josh does with his male roommate
I and to this day I never realized that that you live with some guy. I thought you were shocked up with that Russian chick now
Need to split space is good. Space is good. Yes, it is
Yeah, at least about two feet between those beds
That's why he's so nervous about watching that show. Yeah, super natural that that's why I get so nervous, you know, it's frex too close to home
I always like that. Hillary man. Wait till you hear this you're gonna love this all right
I probably should take some calls away. We're getting the I don't know maybe one or two
Because your report hasn't been too uplifting plus only being on these few hours, you know
They'll be reading I got to make the most of it baby. I got to make the most of it right here
That's right
In the attained last while 70 people did that they got over a billion people over there. So you know what 70 more right that sounds
In sensitive and terrible thing to say but do we do we know what the
Oh, there's that Anderson pooper man. He sends me straight to the pooper. Oh god. Yeah, such a fruity-looking thing
You know hey Anderson you fairy god. He's just well, what is the big deal with him?
He's the new era parent over there at CNN. He's got his baddest MSNBC. What he's got connections
And that must be it in the sack in fact, maybe they're two beds are not a few inches apart
Maybe they're like connected. Maybe it's just one big one. Maybe a big queen size
U.S. Senator Hillary Clinton took a shot at Secretary State 10 black ball of Cincinnati
Republican candidate for governor yesterday during her third visit to Ohio this year
What did I just talking about came black ball in the stolen Ohio election in 2004? Yes, just
Speaking to more than 3000 people at an actual conference of acorn the association of community organizations for reform now
Acorn and that cute very
Ever you chestnuts? Not that I can recall
Under time and in the winter time you know how they have like weenie stands in big cities all around you know
Hot dogs and sausages. Let me have this roast beer open fire
But they have yeah chestnuts roasting on an open aspire in the Italy and wrong. I'm sure I've had them now
I don't think I've rate maybe when I was a kid I just nuts. I remember the smell of them
No
Anyway at the national conference of acorn Hillary prompted whoops and hollers by saying let's make sure that we count every vote in our elections
What a concept I think they got serviced in Mexico which they do
Clinton also called for an increase in the minimum wage if the Ohio if it makes the Ohio ballot in the member
Seven voters will be asked to approve raising it from
515 an hour to 685
Well, let's see you figure it out 515 an hour just narrowed off to five
That's 200 bucks a week for a 40 hour week. How can that that's 10 grand a year even Josh Cordis is making more than that
Yes, that much more that's a tad
But couple of bucks
Referring to presidential races Clinton said this country deserves to have an electoral system that has integrity
I know there's been a problem here in Ohio and hope everybody from Ohio is watching this election like a hawk
Don't let them pull anything over your eyes again without naming blackwell
Clinton said one of the people running for high office is actually running the election
That should not be permitted as a conflict of interest
We got to take back our democracy she be saying
Carl O'Paro spoke to him for blackwell's gubernatorial campaign said Clinton is welcome to come to Ohio in November
And we'll make sure everything is handled on the up and up
Yeah up yours Carlo remember what happened to Carlo in the godfather?
Right. Well, it's a Hindu he got on the car in a way to Vegas, no
The Sunday he found Clemens in the back seat
Well, even pay he got leaf-guarded
Well, even pay for a flight LaParo said as long as Clinton stands right next to the Democratic candidate for governor
US representative Ted Strickland Clinton was in Ohio last month to raise money for Strictland and US representative Sherrod Brown candidate for US Senate
She also criticized the government's hurricane response lies here in federal cuts and tuition assistance
But you know something about her. I'm still I'm still gonna say the same thing
Sure, she had to be working at the waffle house
She's a leaf on the winds since you were just talking about it. Yeah, that's correct
She's a leaf-guarded on the wind
700 and some odd votes on a pool
755 and we're still alive for that thousand. He hit him with 18 shots and he still alive
I just love the way Celotsso says that they hit him with five shots and he's still alive
You remember that? Oh, he was good Celotsso Virgil Celotsso
But we don't know who the actor was. I think he's dead, isn't he?
Probably Eli Wallock though is still alive. That's the bad news. Boy, I can't get over that
I have a I usually try not to hold a grudge in life, but in his case I'll make a reception even Sofia
I mean, you know, she can't help but better daddy was the you know
Director director the movie and that daddy also had his daddy conduct the music
It would have to be there was any insist the nurse big on a Hillary shirt incestuous relationships man
That's what it's all about a tempest and a peacock. That's how June Allison would have described it
For everything to her was a peacock
Yet that movie a weird window really sucks, you know, I hate to say what no listen
1954 back in the day kicking an ancient style that's the way movies were very slow and very hard see far
It's the and we saw a lot of close-ups of Grace Kelly which she was she was pristine man
She was just gorgeous. Yes, she was and what thought she was doing with Jimmy Stewart. I have no idea
He didn't seem to be the least interested anyway
Whether without the broken leg without the cast and that's right
He didn't seem too interested he was more interested in watching Raymond Burr keeping what Raymond Burr, you know, okay?
What does that tell you with binoculars? All?
Latire Latire
Burr was a serenoso he's see and the sad part of it is we don't have any solace. Oh drop-ins
All the stuff all we do. I don't know. That's not we don't have any solace. Larry Gomez. We do have this
Look a brush. He's sweet with the fishers. Right
According to a story in today's New York Times
Representative James Sensen brand
The powerful chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Republican Wisconsin is the primary impediment to George H
George W Bush's plans for immigration reform according to raw story
The Times says that him and Sensen brand are 63 can be
Nutrially described as a Washington piece of work a big belly curmudgeon with a taste for old caddies
Upon tune boats and enormous cigars big stogies
He's equally at home discussing policy minutia or the disgusting details of his Dalmatian's recent intestinal problems
You know ordinarily we'd have some sound effects. They're where we can't do it
Yeah
Surprisingly Democrats on his committee prays and subredd for his parents sub-patient scene willingness to heed their concerns
His conservative populism often rub his house Republican leadership many several Republicans in the Bush White House the wrong way
He's emerged as the chief of order their houses enforcement first approach
Emphasizing border security
Criminal penalties for illegal immigrants and sanctions against employers who hire them
The congressman described by even his friends as prickly can tank-wrestling unpleasant
As no tolerance for illegal immigrants even using they do it yourself car wash
Rather than risk having his cattle act cleaned by someone of uncertain national origin
And he's made
He probably he probably asking for their papers
For their birth certificate their passport and whatever let me see your papers
And he has made clear as refusal to compromise with the Senate and the president find off her and say path to so you go Jimmy
You go
Illegal means just that law breakers you don't belong here in the first place go back where you came from okay and quit porn across the border
Might have been that movie uh what's that movie my tutor
With Matt lapanzy and i love you newton john no she wasn't in the movie she was as well briefly
After she told everybody she was a dichama tonight show and that was a lapanzy something like that
Don't see him no more. That's pretty cute movie my tutor you saw i didn't he said it nothing wrong with that movie
And remember the illegal aliens who were like the uh housekeepers yes pretended no speaking English
That's your reminded me a lot of south florida you know a lot of that going on oh no speaking English unless of course you're talking about me or it becomes necessary at the moment
That's right 27 past 11
560 wqm finally a tv experience like no other ticket for me
Comcast digital cable with on demand is easy to use unless you take viewer control a whole new level
With comcast on demand tv is on your terms because you can select to show on your schedule and pause the rewind or whatever you'd like to
And for a limited time you can get connected to comcast digital cable and hb on demand for just
3499 a month for your first three months
Why is tv so much better with on demand wrong glad you asked for starters you can watch over
3,000 free movies and shows whenever you want it's a revolutionary new way to enjoy tv on demand is ready to start when you say so with programming
Including free movies kid shows music videos
Cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it
You sure can't get all this with satellite
So did you this today and give big savings up to
15 bucks plus on demand so you can build your own tv schedule
Investible on demand is free with comcast digital cable
So pick your show time sit back and you wonder how you forgot along without it
Call today in order comcast digital cable and hb over the power of on demand for just 3499 a month for your first three months
In they'd call 305 comcast or in 954 comcast call today for full details certain restrictions apply
This is meal Rogers
Who took the boys is 515 Q8
I never said
I'm the true voice
About each say it's a boy
Hey
Oh
Yeah
I'm both tied!
Over the death toll in the India Train Blast
rises to release to 135.
Aren't you depressed?
Well, I'm going to do not know.
Happy about it, but...
Of course we're not happy about it.
They were probably the innocent, hardworking,
career-e-loving people.
Right.
They rode a freight train, but probably never drove.
There was no one.
26th Hill noon at 560 W.C.M.
are almost at the halfway point today.
Am I God?
This four hours seems awfully long to me.
At least 260 more wounded too,
and those explosions near Mumbai.
Which used to be Bombay.
Which used to be Mumbai.
Well, and they changed it back again.
Maybe it'll be a Salon again instead of Sri Lanka.
Because if there's anybody listening from Sri Lanka,
we hate you like poison.
Don't take it personally unless you want to.
And if you want to, feel free.
I don't think I've ever met one.
Oh, Sri Lanka?
Man, they are just...
Oh, yes.
Well, of course, if you look at the map,
you see that little turd under the Indian.
The Indian is like dropped a little number there, you know?
In the middle of the Indian Ocean.
I don't want to know.
Can we start it on Sri Lanka?
All right.
Anyway, here's some exciting news for you.
Getting this all hot off the press board.
Thank goodness for my computer.
See, one thing about me here.
I never lose my service like you guys there.
Yeah.
My internet's never goes down.
What is that?
Because I'm here and you're there.
Because first of all, I don't want to see you have Bell sound.
782, I think that's it.
We'll be over 800 by noon.
We'll get that thousand easy like falling off a cliff.
A federal judge heard arguments in a lawsuit arguing that President Bush overstepped
and that's a blood bath bush.
Overstepped is a 30 when he authorized use of warrantless wire taps on Americans.
Absolutely.
The arguments came less than two weeks after the Supreme Court ruled
that the Bush administration overstepped its authority and setting up military tribunals
to try war on terror detainees.
Oh, and that's a great war on terror detainees.
Oh, I love that.
That's the new catch all cliche war on terror.
How do you West Naval base in Guantanamo?
I have Gipmo for your money or just Gipmo.
The ACL U.S.
and D. Troye, you rule that the warrantless wire taps are illegal because they circumvent the
foreign intelligence surveillance act Pfizer, which requires the executive branch to obtain a warrant
before engaging in electronic surveillance of Americans.
Those warrantors are obtaining a secret court which is only denied three week question nearly 30 years.
But third man.
Which allows law enforcement to initiate surveillance before the warrant is obtained.
And that goes on.
So that we'll see what happens there.
The Supreme Court already gave him the old finger right up the old chute.
They stuck it to him.
Although I think he enjoyed it.
Probably.
That's what I'm hearing.
It would be the first time.
You know that Bush family man they sure like to corouse and the drugs and coke and they were in that brat.
Yeah.
The bones man.
788.
Now you can't say that no more of the.
This man was could be the Kingsman and you can't say that either because they did Louis Louis which they're talking about whipping out whatever they're whipping.
So any can't say that either.
So I said that bit we've got about the fundamentalist Christians.
What is that bit called?
Which one?
Oh you know the one way they call we can't watch Disney because Disney's you know we can't always add a life to that day.
But there's the Louis Louis there's the Kingsman.
Now what did I change it to some of the least 150 times and reach them one every time?
Yes.
And there isn't a off-color word.
Well that's good too.
See that again.
Okay so now it goes back to all these made up things.
Sure.
They couldn't understand what the hell they were saying so it must have been.
They could make up a bunch of crap and all of a sudden they heave it against the wall and some of it sticks.
And that's one of those things where folk lore tells us that there are lyrics in that song that are like really bad news.
Of course that also was back to the period of time when there were a bunch of lunatics trying to sense their things on the radio.
I look where we are now like 40 years later.
Good thing that's over with.
Yeah good thing they're not trying to sense the writing on radio or TV anymore.
Let's see the Kings Kingston trio.
I sure wish I could get the MTA.
Oh boy.
Where am I going to find that?
I guess I'll have to go to the music store.
What are you talking about?
The Kings Kingston trio.
You don't have that.
You've got time.
Do I'm sure but because I know I got that.
Let me see what I got.
What I don't have.
It's a man to sing a worried song.
I like that.
I like the Kings Kingston trio.
And they also did pink cigarettes.
Where have all the flowers gone?
Reverend Mr. Blank.
Where have all the flowers gone?
Well I just got the words out of my look.
That's already cranked that baby up on Capitol record no one.
They have all the flowers gone.
It's not a talk up but I can either be very nice.
What do I want?
The MTA?
The MTA.
It reached number one.
The Kings Kingston trio.
You know it was back in the late 50s and early 60s when folk music all of a sudden when
people started like and we had the protest songs and joined by Ed's and Judy Collins and all
of these people and all of these things.
As opposed to the...
Well I mean we got a little bit of that today.
You don't have the MTA right?
I'm getting it for you.
I don't have it.
But I don't have it.
I'm going to get it.
The protest song written in 1948.
How do you like that?
I never knew that.
Well they based on traditional folk songs.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
And Bob Sheepers' old boy.
Where has Mr. Brocagane?
He's watching for music home.
Will that work you return?
Can that work you return?
Oh, that's all over, man.
And Charles Gibson keeps shaking his head all around
like he's got St. Bright as dance in his pants.
It just hopeless.
It was 11 before 11 at 5.60 WDQM.
How's the MTA coming with the Kingston trio?
It's cooking now.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Going with something else surprise you like.
Oh.
You're really going to have it?
Yeah.
Oh, you'll love it.
Although you're probably not.
Don't give me like 10 seconds of it.
I don't like something else.
You're going to wait for it to finish.
Oh, good.
820 votes.
What did I say we wanted 800 by noon?
And we'd have it maybe in June.
Even though it's July.
It's the 11th of July.
And WDQM is still a stale as last year's Mondale bread.
Wow.
I'm saying one thing.
My mother's shirt could make some good Mondale bread.
Not too much else in her later years.
In fact, didn't she once give you some of the you?
I don't know.
I don't know if I ever got any of that bread.
It's not really bread.
I never had her Mondale bread.
Not that I recall.
Hard as a rock, but very good.
822 votes on our pool today and our prestigious pool on neo-roggers.com.
We got 300 and some odd friends there on my space.
That's a backslash by the way.
I was thinking about that the other day.
Not slash.
It's backslash.
What is wrong with forward slash?
What is it?
It's just a slash.
That's what the guy said.
A hollow man too, right?
He said, oh, let me get the duct tape.
See now, and I'm all confused.
The one that leans to the right is the one that leans to the right must be on Fox.
It's the slash and the one that leans to the left is the backslash.
349 votes.
The one that leans to the right is the slash.
Correct.
Well, that's the one we got on here.
That is right.
My space.
Oh, I think somebody turned the thing around.
Turn the thing around.
Turn the beat around.
No, it's seriously.
That was not that.
That was a backslash.
Sorry.
Oh, no, I saw gas lights several times.
Yeah.
Two or four nine votes.
A friend's.
That great.
Only been on here 30 years.
That's like what?
Ten a year.
It's not too bad.
He just got on there.
Just wait.
I don't understand how that works.
In other words, these people are on, I've got their my space accounts.
These are people who have.
One good thing about this is that almost all of these people are living and breathing under the age of 100.
These are people who have pages on there who are also listeners.
Right.
I know that.
Well, they're not the best.
Probably like half our whole audience.
So we got left now.
What's good is that when other people are looking at their page, they will see your logo on there and go, hey, who's that?
What's that all about?
They'll click on it.
So in other words, we're still building our audience one listener at a time.
By the way, how about that tremendous, fantastic promotional campaign by WDQA?
You can't complain about our promotions because we don't have any.
Unless, of course, we can get somebody to pay some money for it.
You know, that reminds me of that whole scam.
Oh, what a disaster.
If you thought the OJ golf tournament a few years ago was bad and embarrassing, this thing would add disc that Miguel forced us into putting out this year?
Yeah, that best of the three then.
Oh my god.
And then try to suck money out of our clients like Toppo-no Park.
They had them on the verge of handing over a five grand.
Oh, that would cover my bad day at Wood by yesterday.
Oh, don't.
Don't let me go back to those machines, mine.
Yeah, stay with me.
I don't mind going to Fallsview and Niagara once in a while for a last, at least they feed you there.
They give you like a nice room and everything.
Overlooking the falls so you can jump.
But Wood by anything they give you is like Agida.
What a place.
Oh, and you are absolutely wrong, by the way.
I've been waiting for years, although I've had these stories before, and you're still such a hard ass you won't admit it.
But circumcising men routinely across Africa can prevent millions of deaths from AIDS, WHO researchers, and colleagues reported yesterday.
Oh, never denied that.
Oh, in other words, you want them to die in Africa.
And how interesting?
Yes, it is.
And how's the do with the mucus, then?
Georgia is organizing a music recording room, USA against Africa.
It's a matter of fact, you know that rumor that having sex with virgins cures your AIDS, I started it.
The analyzed data from trials that showed men who have been circumcised had a significantly lower risk of infection with AIDS virus,
and calculated that if all men were circumcised over the next 10 years, some 2 million new infections at around 300,000 deaths could be avoided.
It's one thing to be circumcised, but if they were also circumspect on top of that, that would help as well.
Researchers believe circumcision, you know, that thing about those football players in California and Fresno with the 11-year-old group,
they should be shot on the spot, you know?
Right, which spot?
Now all night long, I see this nation's riot, what will become of me?
I can't believe it.
How can I afford to see my sister and Chelsea or my cousin, in rocker's hands?
Oh, the Russians are certainly about to fall in love with her.
The hell's that?
Just listen.
In new questions, there's a number of important trace of the authority of the employees, two men for the effort to track some of the target whiteboard soundfaring groups.
Citizens hear me out.
This quote happens to you.
And through the open window she has a darling, you said what she had to say, but I'm not the last one.
Oh!
My name is Elmer Wanderstoy, and I'm a target, you pay full days of fees.
What test is this?
I've heard two songs at once.
No, it's not two songs at once.
I mean, can you hear me as well as a cardboard box here in the beginning?
It's an narration of, in the beginning, the song was there as it was in the background, and he's explained what the problem was,
but there grew into the MV.
So I understand that I thought I had fired off.
You could get off the subway and you would hit a Zahin's pocket and you couldn't get off.
I thought I fired off two times at once.
No.
One more.
Nickel Tarlikert.
Get off a bad dream.
Oh, right.
Every turn goes, and every turn of the land is there.
It's still one more thing.
He may rise forever, but he could speak some false, with me the men who never returned.
Okay, that's all.
All right.
That's a good song.
It's a great song.
Kingston, Trio, or Gray Boyd.
Those were great groups back in those days.
The Brothers 4 and Peter Paul and Harry and when Harry met Sally and good stuff.
Joan Baez, that dyke.
Can I get back to my seat or try it?
I know why you fired that off now, because you're always trying to rationalize your foreskin.
Okay.
Researchers believe circumcision helps cut infection risk because the foreskin is covered in cells.
The virus seems able to easily infect.
The virus may also survive better than a warm wet environment like that thombonita foreskin.
Oh, God, and that's smegma.
Well, so if men were circumcised, fewer would become infected and thus could not infect their female partners.
And on a hot day when it's like 87 or 90 degrees in Italy, you talk about grease balls.
You don't know where that expression came from, do you?
You think it's olive oil?
Well, guess again.
That's papai?
The human head pops at you.
You'll papai.
The human immunodeficiency virus rate, which causes AIDS now, in fact, close to 40 million people has killed another 25 million.
It mostly affects sub-Saharan Africa and the main mode of transmission is sex between a man and a woman.
Percy Sledge is singing it now.
Oh, and you know something?
We have a bit for every...it's just amazing.
It's the movie everyone is talking about.
Meg Ryan and Alec Baldwin star in when a man loves a drunken pig.
You take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband?
Oh, I'll be damned straight by the secure.
Oh, Lord.
Oh, right.
I do like that.
Percy Sledge.
I didn't hear...that was Otis Riding.
I get him confused.
It was the same timeframe.
Otis Riding in Percy Sledge.
Sitting on the invention del Rey.
See, there's another one we got a bit.
Every dance system is amazing, like that we're all the flowers, but you could knock you over the figure leaf on it.
There he is, there's Percy Sledge.
I found one.
What is that?
Take time to know him.
Oh, yeah.
He says so.
Okay, that's enough of Percy.
What kind of a name is Percy?
Anything Percy?
No.
833 votes on a pool and three minutes still new.
Are we proud of that or why?
This audience comes through when you least expect it, you know?
Time for a real quick call, WQAM, hello.
Okay, that's a good one.
That's exactly why I need to write there ahead about half a second.
Hey, picture yourself cruising the waters of this game Bay of Sunset.
The Miami Sky on off the bow.
Miami Beach behind you, but wait, you don't own a boat?
Well, maybe that's the best news of all.
Because if you call a club not a good right now, you can rent one and do this smart thing called 1-800-Bolt-Rent.
The new club not a good one, South Beach and Keybus-Game will have top of the line sea boats ready for you to rent.
Exilarating power boats, new models prepped and waiting for you and their sea rays, these are the Mercedes's of boats.
So call 1-800-Bolt-Rent and Club Notacore will get you all hooked up.
Join the club at Club Notacore and see if you have any more boat rent left or boat rental.
They do all the work for you.
No preparations, no docking fees, no maintenance, no cleaning up when you're done, no fantastic cost, no hassles whatsoever.
Considering the cost of owning a boat, you can't afford not to do it the smart way by choosing the new Club Notacore, South Beach and Keybus-Game.
Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent right now, Club Notacore really does set the standard on the seas.
Call them at 1-800-Bolt-Rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-A-M.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M.
My wife took their card at a mall.
She drives my viewer, guess she's three feet tall.
I went and ride with her, no way.
I said I needed a lady to dance.
So I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur.
Waiting for the rally bus to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friends' time.
I can't let it slide, we can't let change.
But if I say it's no longer the same.
All that's gonna do with you, that tells me to do.
You tried it, her legs, she must be in pain.
Just sitting here, resting my bones.
Waiting why my wife won't leave me alone.
We've talked it over, but I never win.
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again.
Oh, so I sit on a pension derailleur.
Waiting for the rally bus to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a pension derailleur with my friends' time.
There it is.
It doesn't have time, that's the weight you're up there day and night.
It doesn't have anything to do with it.
I'm just going to come back to my home.
845 votes on a pool.
Other than your president, the politician you hate the most despise.
Like that.
Think Cheney, you're having the 76th day.
Cancer and Harris 89, Jeb Bois 78, your fan-ass governor.
A real piece of crap.
Tom Delay 59, Hillary 59, Todd with Tom Delay.
In fact, she looks a little like Tom.
You ever know this, huh?
Not even.
She also looks a little like what's your name?
Rebecca DiMorne.
Every time I say that, you get very upset.
I don't know why because she looks a little like her.
She doesn't look a little.
I don't know why you said that.
I can't assess.
She says evil is the role that she played in the hand at rock and needle.
She is.
Rick Santorum 36, Julie Lieberman speaking of evil 36, the evil orthodox Yidd.
Ted Kennedy 29, I hate this pool only 25, only a pulpy 2.9%.
They like it.
They hated your pool on Friday, man, and just a five.
Newt Gingrich 15, her George Herbert Walker Bush, Bush Uno 13.
John McCain 10, that's because they haven't seen that movie yet, why we fight.
See what a total turnaround he's done.
You know, total phone that, I mean, he's saying all the right things.
Oh, yes.
This is all the right things.
They're looking at him now, sucking up the bush.
McCain 10, Rudy Giuliani, read on his ass with nine.
Al Gore has only got four for Gore, Bill Clinton four, and John Kerry only three.
The fewest people hate John Kerry like poison.
But also the fewest people, they just don't want to see him no more.
But that's all.
They want to say it as opposed to some people that we do hate like poison.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
They want to see no more.
Now that story about the, cause I was curious about that, about the Boston tunnel.
Three time concrete panels fell from the ceiling of the city's big dig tunnel.
I know they've been digging that crap for years, killing a woman in a car
and shutting down a sect of the massive building project has become both the central route through the city
and a source of construction, concerns and cost overruns.
The woman was a passenger in a car hit by debris from the ceiling late last night,
late yesterday.
A man believed to be the driver was able to squeeze out and was taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Authorities say safety hasn't been compromised by problems with a $14 billion big dig highway project,
which buried on a three beneath downtown extended Massachusetts Turnpike to Logan Airport.
Massachusetts State Police said the stretch would be closed indefinitely while authorities clean up the debris in the spread theory.
Speaking of turnpikes, by the way, can I go back to the Sunsettle?
Maybe, maybe you can get the story.
I'm gonna have to go to Firefox.
You're right, Internet Explorer is evil.
It's Bill Gates, it's evil. It's the devil.
There you go. I think your buddy Ted Raw had a good point after all.
Okay, let me find a Sunsettle. I'm going more and more back to him as well at Firefox,
which I love it anyway, but the fact is I do like my Alexa email.
Well, we knew off that one of these days.
No, I don't think so.
It's instant. I mean, you click on that baby and that's all you have to do.
Where is that story? Oh, tanker crash into Sunpass Lane.
Here it is. Shuts down the Turnpike in both directions in Tamarack.
Don't you feel we ought to be putting something on the air like this?
Okay.
I mean, since we are your news intensive informing the public radio station,
if it doesn't have to do with sports, we don't want to know from it.
I mean, putting planes into buildings, what are we going to talk about?
We got to talk about sports. That's what our pan has to talk about.
You know what I'm saying?
One of the most disgraceful days in the history of broadcasting
and your buddy, Gildi, was involved.
He was the chigger in the wood pile talking crap on the worst team.
9-11-2001, and you turn on QAM,
and they're knocking down the World Trade Center and flying the
hijacking planes and flying into the Pentagon, and we're talking about ball games.
That's evil. That should have been on the axis of evil right there.
Florida's Turnpike at the tool booth north of the separate street road
has been shut down in both directions.
See, and they talk about me being out of touch.
Guess what? Touch this.
After a tractor trailer hit a barrier in the Sunpass Lane and began leaking fuel
the FHP Saturday.
No injuries were reported in the 10-30 accident this morning,
near mile marker 63, but some fuel was spoiled from the tanker's 9-1000 gallon load.
It was spied.
The rig was formed by firefighters to prove what was what?
Foam by firefighters to prevent any chance of fire explosion.
Another tanker's being brought into offload the fuel left aboard the rig.
Of course, that was at 10-30.
Well, it's just new now. You know these things take hours.
Trooper said the accident occurred when the tractor trailer rigged
to avoid hitting a car that had stopped in the Sunpass Lane.
The rig hit a barrier, gaffing the tanker and spilling some fuel.
Traffic has shut down in both directions between commercial bull ride
and the Pompano Beach service plaza.
Not knowing how long the fuel offloading process will take.
And this story came across the Suncentlewire 1152, 60 minutes ago.
So you can make your life on it pretty much.
That still shut down.
Oh yeah. Okay. Probably a nightmare.
There's a little word to the wise for you there.
They got a brief falling embossing from the damn big dig tunnel.
And now we got the turnpike shut down.
Near Tamarack where all the old parts are.
At least some of them anyway.
You can ever say we're all the old parts down in South Florida.
Right. You realize you're in a little over here.
I'm going to be a senior citizen.
I want to be a scientist.
I make it that far.
Wow. I'm extending my contract by the way until I croak.
856 votes. Well, I got a lot of people to keep alive.
You know, I got to keep the old checks coming in.
That's right.
Put on this facade.
Put on.
856 plus what else did they got?
Take a look.
Take a look.
Pop had Janko. Look what we got.
Oh my God.
We got Kim Bo camper at two mad dogs for the seven.
He's always locked solid.
But then after that, because we know it's the middle of the summer.
Who know what we're going to put on the air.
Okay. We probably probably what's his name made available now?
Sweet.
Oh, I don't know.
But we do got.
We're in.
We're in.
We're in.
Many.
We're in.
The crow from seven to ten.
The most.
The most.
The most.
The most.
You think you can't get anymore embarrassing.
In fact, let me take a look.
I don't usually pay too much attention, especially during the summertime because I'm not on that much anyway.
But let's see what we got on Saturday.
Oh, eight to nine.
We got Saturday, Lenny Martesne morning after the nation of my golf exchange.
Then we got three hours of that.
Then you got the big, who is really rock solid.
And then four to five thirty Saturday again.
You got more to crow.
Talking hardballs before the Marlon Astro game.
Oh my.
And then you got after the Marlon game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then you got after the Marlon Astro game.
And then we got after the Marlon Astro game.
And at that time tomorrow after six months walk over Going Through Jesus Christmas tree
we platinum the Marlon Tw will show David MacBeth for the polls
and MUCH TIME comment.
And then on to Christmas P impossible traffic,
John Allison died.
Many imports of Cantuna.
Oh I sure hope it's not that chicken this year.
What's your name?
Jessica Simpson get all upset.
Many imports of Cantuna have mercury levels higher than the federal limit according to
the Analyzation by Environmental Group.
This is just a little word to the wise out there.
Those of you who are people eating all that fish loaded with mercury.
You know where you go from mercury all the way to Uranus?
Yes it does.
Quickly.
Defenders of wildlife found the high.
You know actually when I was a kid they used to say that and then they changed it to
Uranus.
That shows you how uptight I am.
I still say you're eating.
They used to be Uranus.
Still is.
Well nobody else can claim it.
Defenders of wildlife found the highest levels of mercury in tuna from Ecuador and Mexico
country is known for setting that's where they see dolphins catch the large tuna swimming
below.
They tend to catch larger, more mature fish which tend to have higher levels beginning
and being at the top of the food chain said Bob Irvin, the group senior resident for
conservation.
The group is a long time advocate of dolphins safe tuna.
What does that mean?
Dolphin safe tuna I understand that.
That means catching tuna usually means killing a much dolphins in the process.
Well is that nice okay?
But dolphin safe tuna they take care and stuff.
I sure hope they don't mess with Jason Taylor because his wife is dumping his ass.
The group had a lab test 164 cans of tuna labeled as being from Ecuador, Mexico, Costa Rica,
Thailand, Malaysia, the Philippines and US.
Test were done by New Age landmark lab, a Benton Harbor Michigan company.
Don't ever go there.
That's been used by the federal government.
Analyzation of the samples found average mercury content of US tuna was generally lower than
imported tuna.
Tuna from Asia had the lowest average levels of mercury and tuna from Latin America had
the highest mercury levels with some exceeding government load of 1.0 parts per million.
That's like the average rating across the street.
1.0 per million.
That's how many people they got.
And considering this like what four million people in South Florida got four listeners
over there.
The lab found higher levels of mercury even in light tuna which the FDA considers to be
low in mercury.
How do you like that?
Much of light weights.
The FDA says it's safety two meals a week of fish and shellfish that are lower in mercury
such as canned light tuna, shrimp, salmon, pollock, pollock and canned fish.
What that was pollock?
Pollock?
Sorry.
P-O-L-O-C can't ever heard that.
I'll go order some now.
What kind of a fish is that?
Pollock.
But the agency says to limit Albacore a white tuna or 1 meal per week because it contains
higher levels of mercury.
Oh, that's...
In other words, if it's got mercury and it don't eat it, it's quitting that tuna man.
Quit eating so much tuna.
Right?
Sorry.
This is a business of only tuna.
I don't eat it.
I can't remember the last time I bought a canned tuna.
I won't eat it out of the canned anymore.
How about tuna?
1213.
Oh, no.
At 5.60 W.Q.A.M., how many votes do we have?
We're going to do that thousand a day.
Over 135,000 and it's a terrorist attack by the way, isn't it?
That's what they're saying.
Yeah.
You know what everybody's thinking, though, sir?
I give them all the countries in the US, England, everywhere.
They're thinking better than us.
Not only that.
You know, the same thing.
They're all asked to grind with them.
Although we are.
We did cozy up with the packies, which is a bad mistake with that moussier of guy.
866 votes.
Oh, we got that thousand like Josh is going to write it down in this wrist and tell his boyfriend.
I mean, his roommate when he goes home.
Now does he listen to this show?
Yeah, often art.
Does he really?
And what does he say?
Got cost of comments to make or what?
How old is your roommate?
He's 26.
Oh.
What's he doing?
What's a guy 26 doing with a roommate?
Well, we're saving money out of that.
Sounds like gay to me.
I mean, you I can see you, but I mean, 26 him.
Yeah, that says I want to step away from a 30 year old guy living with mommy.
Well, maybe he's 25 or either way.
No, it was you don't like get him a birthday gift or something like that.
Keep track of when his birthday is.
I wasn't so bad about that.
Nothing, but they're not that close.
It sounds a little gay.
I understand how long he lived with this, this guy like two months.
Oh, two months.
Yeah.
Well, for all you know, he might.
You don't want it.
Now you guys have separate bedrooms, of course, because you're very upset about guys who have like beds in the same room.
Of course.
You guys feel like they were sneaking there like a time or never, never that you were aware of.
Doesn't get lost.
Doesn't come on.
We say, oh, just a little.
Josh is the one that always comes home drunk.
So I guess we start investing in that 12 15 at 5 60 W.
If you have any of your own brand these is unbeatable.
That's why Brandy shoes stores been around for a zillion years while the others have come and gone.
How'd you like to have a thousand dollars for every shoe store that's come and gone in the last 20 years?
I'll take it in soft for it.
I'll take it to the only place to take your two seasons.
Brandy's in Palm, but it leads to carry all the top brands like four shine echo.
Muffisto, rock port, Hush Puppies, New Balance, all the other name brands and all sizes for men and women.
They even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes.
If you want the perfect deal all the way around the best fit at the unbeatable price.
Then go see our buddy Arnie who gives you the right fitting shoes for your feet.
Brandy's is located at 12 90 in a federal highway in Palm, but it leads right between
Atlantic and Copies on the east side.
You can't miss it.
Open every day of the week Monday through Saturdays till 9 and Brandy's is even open on Sunday till 5.
And the red tag sale event continues this week at Brandy's.
Thousands of pairs on sale famous brands men and women styles to save you a lot of cash.
So get your ass into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping online at brandy's shoes dot com.
This is Neil Roger.
Who's the 30 days is 5.62.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy
I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy
I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy, I'm a great guy
He was the guy Ray Holyyear, he was the guy Ray Holyyear, he was, he was funny, I'm funny, I'm funny, I'm funny, he was a funny man He was a funny man He was a funny man He was a funny man He was funny, he was funny, he was funny, he was funny
He was a funny man He was funny, he was funny, he was funny He was funny, he was funny He was funny, he was funny He was funny He was funny
So it is perhaps fitting that just like what's his name Robert Dubalsh is in the movie
What's that movie the great Santini? Oh, this is our want to be in the Nigma like a shink remember that yes to the daughter
He says dad I want to get to know you. I don't want you to give me know to get now. I want to be in the Nigma like a shink
That's that's a good movie very underrated. Did you ever see that talking to you? No, I have not oh
Let's see. Let me write these down fatso and you will like that a gira guarantee if you like that
There's something wrong with I agree George. I do agree. He's a big fan of good comedy
But it's not all comedy great. No, I'm talking about that so oh
No, I'm talking about great Santini. I know her like no. I think you're like it. Yeah, Robert Dubalsh and what's your name? Oh god
I love her. She plays a blah. Oh geez plays the wife. Jesus. No, she plays his wife in there. Oh my god
She's what's your name's mommy? You know, that was married to Tom Green, right? She's not well. What is her name?
Oh, I'll find it. Who will a great Santini? Okay, because this is gonna drive me know live banner
Slide Danner. Who am I confusing her with? I don't know bliss dinner. No, who is what's your name is mommy?
No, who is the actress that married Tom Green from our very?
Oh, you're very more okay. I don't tell me Ethel very more who I get confused with whose blind is blind? Danner got a daughter
She might anyway
She played the white one a great Santini who like like that or is Gwen of Paul Tro's mother?
That that's who I'm talking about Gwen of Paltrow. What is wrong with you?
Guy I smoke a lot of dope that must be it and today. Can we get back to Zinedine?
I don't know who these people are they all look alike after while I like blend. It's like a blur, you know
It's like a big blur. Just why did a man blessed with complete control of a football?
Loot the first of all there was no football in that game. Okay, it's a soccer ball and it looks to me like a very small one too
It's a football know it is to know this is spelled with two oh, so it's not that's not right
This isn't the British times online loses head and such a violent manner
It's such a crucial moment boring into the chest of Marco Maderazzi as they keep us live some French paper
Some up the moment of madness with a headliner regrets H. Rinales a day of endless questioning began with many conflicting versions of the events
Circling on the internet in the world's media the times listed the help of an expert lip reader
Jessica Reese to determine the process nature of the dialogue that causes it down to react in such a manner and
I'm gonna give you the the skinny on it in a minute here after we do the good
Not including some words that we can't yeah, well, they're they're even they even asked to work them out in the times online
You know the stuffy those stuffy brits
27 past noon at five sixty WQ. I am we got eight. Oh look at that eight ninety two well
900 by the bottom of the hour will go over a thousand easy man like sliding off a log
I understand that Abe Lincoln remember the old log cabins are understood he stood off many logs
No, he was told man would lightning quick speeds the latest features and security Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL
The dust call to the end get yourself the best offer the year and add Comcast high speed internet for only
24 95 a month for a six months plus Comcast will upgrade to the super fast eight-meg premium speed tier free
Within always on connection speed of up to eight megabits per second Comcast high speed internet is up to five times faster than DSL
One five and a hundred times faster than dial up nobody in their right mind is still doing dial up
It's like it's like men's two-piece bathing suits. It's like knickers. It's like white bucks with your downloading music watching streaming video playing online games
We're just surfing your favorite sites Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus
When you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to free features like
Video mail Comcast radio or abs city plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to be naming a few not only that
But you also get free mac security tools included so you can rest assured that your internet experience will always be safe and
Secure and annual savings of over a hundred bucks for the security alone
So what are you waiting for start doing more faster than ever before sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just
24 95 a month for six months and they call them today a 305 Comcast or in
954 Comcast call for details today and don't forget certain restrictions apply
Is
This is
He had a close call at the society ball
Two-fist street car one way with the girl from
Right after door she was looking poor
Baby, 14,000 pounds and breath, 15,000
The breadday was over, there were so few things
And no I love Lucy, she still preoccupied
19, 19, 19, 25
I got a hell of a fan, I thought it was not
We can take it apart in stories
It's running well ahead of something else now
As a friend of mine, I'm running in some like this one
And 16, like a boss, I get to have time
They get it for another man
She knows all the traffic, she knows every line
She puts on with the wind, drinking, on the kitchen
She did the jarl's turn, to do galling tin
Or a higher-moderate world, when she crept up with the bar
She's boyin' out there, like a flat bird
As a poet, we should do that no maker
She's not the time we show, like Jojen's race, you
But never happened to ever say, what's on the second?
I don't know who's on the third
So I'm Wilson and Chaplain
Waiting for eight couple of titles in first
But two flip, the president was you, the first
LTV, and no I love Lucy
I was the three acupires
19, 19, 19, 19, 25
You're fair, we're here
I'm inspired, I inspired myself
With that weird window, I'm glad I watched it again last night
All right
Because, you know, they talk about movies or TV shows
That hold up over a period of time, you know, that are still
Still entertaining and still enjoyable years later
Right
As opposed to some things that were like period pieces
That were very enjoyable, you know, during a period of time
We watched them again years later when they seemed camp
Or silly or just unentertaining
How is this our great poll question for Thursday?
Don't you dare steal it
Okay
Something or someone that seemed better years later than it really was
Is that a great poll question?
Good idea, they'll allow you to
Yeah, huh?
Well, you're gonna fill in all the answers, right?
I'm gonna start with some of them
Or like we always do
Well, what does that mean?
Oh, because they never answered a question right?
What did something like that?
Could be a movie or could be a TV show?
Could be a first-foot place thing?
Yeah, first-in-place thing, all of these
Party things
Right
You know, that's the first team on QAM
26-1 at 560 WQM, you're stuck in the mud station
Don't be a stick in the mud, well, we are, we're stuck
You know, I might as well take this one
WQAM, hello
I bring a light to them
No, huh?
Was there any doubt?
None
None
Zero
Anyway, getting back to Zind Zidan
After an exhaustive study of the match video
And with the help of an Italian translator
We claim that Monorazzi calls Zidan the son of a terrorist horror
Before adding just so just F-off for good measure
Supporting the natural assumption that the Frenchman must have been grievously insulted
As the son of two Algerian immigrants, the 34-year-old is proud of his North African roots
See, what did I tell you about that French colonialism again in Africa?
Dedicating France's 1998 World Cup
Into all Algerians who are proud of their flag
And those who have made sacrifices for their family
But who have never abandoned their own culture
So such a slur would certainly explain it not just to buy his violent response
When asked about the allegations on his return to Rome
Metorazzi issued a vehement denial
While sources close to the player emphasized that he had not been accused of racism ever before
Pointed in his close friendship with obafami obafrani Martins
The Nigeria and Inter Milan striker
Want to strikers out there on the pitch?
What a stupid f-ingame man, it's just pathetic
It's absolutely not true, Monorazzi said
I did not call a materialist, I'm ignorant
I don't even know what the word means
The whole world saw what happened on live TV
Zidan was understandably keeping his counsel
But as agents, Elaine Migglacio indicated that he responded to extreme provocation
The Real Madrid midfield players expected to break his sounds in the coming days
Wow, who showed his a crack?
Real Madrid, my ass
As if that made any difference
As if Frank was going to score a goal
I guess he was one of their top penalty kickers
Maybe that was the kicker there at the end
Maybe they'd still be kicking it
Because those goalies sure is homework
You know what it reminds me of?
What?
We were talking about this last week
A bit like La Crosse
Where they run up and down the field
They have those little like butterfly-ness
And they had that little ball in there
That little palota
And they just heaved it in the goal
Of course at least it's at least it's across the goal is small
You know, right
And then he's even there to pour goal
And he tries to stop it like I said
Like trying to throw a golf ball in the Atlantic Ocean
It's not really all that difficult
You know
Unless you throw it back over your shoulder
It's probably going to get in the water
At least it's a daughter
906 votes
We're going to go so far over a thousand today
That there is no stop on us now man
And we got 342
And 552 friends
And I don't care what you say
Maybe it was my fault
Maybe I wrote it on here myself
Maybe I made a mistake
A hernia-my-space thing
Because I think I did forward slash
Or is it done to back
Or you did backslash
Well now I got it right
Okay, just slash
Okay, just slash
Just slash
And Axel Rosen
Oh, the hook got some rich boho
1238 22 before one
We'd take some calls if we had any
But it's like, you know
See, when you keep pushing for it
What do you really get
Oh, you don't have to push
No
567 0 5 60
Maybe there are, I'm surprised
We don't have a whole bunch of people calling against him
But we sure enjoyed it
We went out and got that
Why we fight movie
Without a picture on the cover
And it was fantastic
And everybody ought to be forced to watch it
Including the one guy I got caught in last week
Who said he had it
And he hadn't watched it yet
Would you think he'd be calling us in
Watch twice
Now you ought to be watching that every day
Did Josh see that yet?
I guarantee you
No, but I have it
So I will watch it very soon
Even you, even a punk like you
I realize that you're not, you know
I told him
It's an easy watch
Not boring at all
Now you know, it's not boring
It's riveting
It's aggravating
It's very annoying and aggravating
And all these all this bloodshed
And all these people dying
And for no reason at all
Because a bunch of old men
It's an eye popping and jaw drops
But your old men sending young men out to be killed
That's basically what it boils down
Yeah, for money
That's correct
It's gonna piss me off
Get me fired
We're in the warb business
In that work in that movie
That you hated so much
When he said the world is a business Mr. Bio
That's right
The world is in the warb business
That's the biggest business of them all
Somebody QAM
Hello
QAM
Hey, how's it going?
Do you?
Okay, sir
One thing you haven't mentioned
The fact that the French captain
Was man the
MVP of the World Cup
The same guy that did the hip-hop
He was
He was named
MVP of the World Cup
Yeah, who cares
Well
You know the great person
Get out of here
WDQAM, hello
If you're gonna start with soccer calls
I'm in the calls right now
QAM
No, I don't soccer calls
Thank God
You ever hear a guy who speaks
Perfect English but with Latin action
All of a sudden just go into affectations
Whenever a Latin name
Sure, sure
Just like on the newscaster
Is usually the females that we've had in South
Fort Vier
Nick and I
Wow
And I squeak with famous for that
And also Isabel they cast side
All these affectations
All of a sudden
Because they're pandering
That's all
Well big old just
With it last couple of weeks
Cut and ad
For some sponsor
Vieres
And he was talking about
Solid
The Shaka read
And I
Perfect English
And all of a sudden they came to say
Her adorate de keel
And he said
Adadot
And I'm saying
How is that?
Perfect Shaka read
Adadada de keel
And I'm like what's that?
With like three times on it
I think if he ever met the big old
He is Isabel that you're
Kassad in
Disguised
Well you know only of the
The best thing about
World Cup soccer was
It wasn't in the way
I mean I'm watching TV
And I'm finding the best thing about it is
It's okay
It's okay
But at least it wasn't
It wasn't clogged
On my networks
If anything else
I wanted to watch
If you want to put on ESPN
6 that's fine
Or the
Important
Not the station
Whatever the heck it is
But you know
With those soccer fans
But I'm watching
But as long as it stays out of my way
That's fine with me
Yeah, let those staggy
Bridgewatchy man
They're animals anyway
Let them move their souls
Amen Neil
See you pal
Yeah, he's got a good point there
In other words it was not on every channel
Like some of this crap
Like like a bush
Like every time bush has a
Farter something
We got to see it on every damn channel
Leaving the comedy channel
And oh and by the way
I know this pisses a lot of this audience
I don't care
I'm too old to start pandering to people
Okay
I don't care what anybody says
But the daily show
Blows
Okay
Okay
I have tried to watch that so many times
And I told you I saw the episode
With what's your name Kevin Spacey
Was on there
You know
Okay
One day I'm in one day I'm out
Kevin
You're fairy
Right
Like a lot
He's a great actor
But in trying this way
And they don't say
You know
That they kind of like hint around
And like I told you last week
The audience is all wired
They're all on acid
Oh yeah
You whooping and yelling like the arcenial crowd
It's just garbage
And John Stewart
I don't know
I mean does he write any of his own material
Or does he got writers
Don't know what
I know he has writers
I don't know how much he threw
I got
I know you that's not politically correct to say that
Oh ministry that's why I got to get
I got to know that
I was supposed to get this week's
Go and I never went out and got the ministry song
Lies, lies, lies
Because I have a lot of ministry music
I don't know if it's your bag
No no that's not the point
I'm talking about to play on the ear
Well Neil Young is my bag either
But I got living with war
You whore
How about a whore for war
That's what we got
That's what the Bush family is
Whores for wars
And your buddy Cheney too
whore for Halibur
What was that?
Oh this
I believe the title was
That I will determine to a chast inside the United States
Just to give you a change
But I was kind of injured
Yes it was
Loosers
Just to give you an example of that
You can lie well
Yeah it's actually the big go
I didn't want to out him
But he is Isabella Cassada and Dre
Yeah
I guess they already knew that
Now he's just annoying
He's what he is
918 votes on the pool
I guess he doesn't get invited to those dinners
With Gryper and the clearance and
Well he's got Jewish
Oh and that's right
I forgot about that
He's not part of the
Sports Nerd Jewish fraternity
There we go
What do you think about that
1243 and of course Evan Cohen
That's why he wasn't invited out
He's not only fat faced in Jewish
But he's also a sports nerd
Yeah
And then Jim Sarny's got an Evan Cohen blow up doll
Hey if you love to find the things
In life like Jim Sarny
Then you love Stogies
My name is quintessential cigar shop in Kendall
With some photos larger selection of cigars
Stogies of Kendall is sure to have all your favorites
You like them they got them
Stogies got over a thousand open boxes of cigars
But it's used from
Including our Turofuin tape had grown
Mardi Cristo
Romano and Juliette and lots more
I like the way they spelled Mardi Cristo
Here just a beautiful thing
Who is this now Craig
We got a new guy named Craig and sales
Yes, tall guy
Big fan
Oh good like I said he's a good guy
Including a large selection of
Pemissar Garza clothes out
Prisons as well as the obscure
And hard to find brands
Come at the Stogies today and enjoy a smooth
Smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the
Finest boutique wines from all around the globe
Join Stogies every Friday for their wine tasting
From 5 to 8 in the PM
Featuring some of the most delicious
Bourdots that France has to offer
International France that just lost the World Cup
You'll find Stogies at 116
12 North Kendall Drive open every day
Seven days a week
Or Call Stogies and Reserve a box of your favorite cigars
305
598
980
20 don't forget when you stop out of the shop
Say hi to Mario and the girl Sandra and Yanni
And if you just know their names
You'll get a free cigar the day just for saying hi
And because they had big egos
Stogies 116 12 North Kendall Drive
Call them at 305
598
98 20
This is a new Roger
This is 516 QA
America loves to watch boobs and butts and biting
I hate yard work
First I have to hold the garden then I have to mow the lawn
I wish there was an easy way to do both
Well now there is all you need is the new garden gnome
Homo
The gardening tool that both hos and mose
You know I used to spend hours in the hot sun mowing the lawn
And tended to garden
Until I realized I needed a Homo
The Homo can suck up those clippings in minutes
And drive in a deep hole
With one easy flick of the wrist
Before you know it your gardening is done
I was working in the yard and I saw my neighbor up back with his big tool
And my husband said that's gotta be a Homo
Who would have thought we'd see a Homo in his neighborhood
The Homo works in front as well as in the back
And now with great factory incentives
There isn't a better time to join the happy Homo crowd
Your happy Homo dealer will bend over forwards to satisfy you
The Homo
No home is complete without one
You fairy
1248 at 560 WQAM happy Tuesday to you
Oh don't tell me there's a fax come on what says this is about ministry again
Yeah yeah since the concert was this weekend
And I was already talking about it in just past weekend
This Sunday night is not a fact
Past this past Sunday night
Well let's see it says ministry played last night in order
That's the fact that I had gone yesterday because I was talking about them
But just look at the anti-borsche anti-Nazis and say Republicans
Well isn't that like redundant there
Yeah it is but you can see
Thanks for calling my amazes ministry rocks
By the song titles what they're all about
Fear is big business
Yeah
Senior Pellagro
No W
Rio Grande blood
Great Satan
Waiting lies lies lies
That means Mr. Danger you know
Is that lies by the Nicarbacres now
That's right
Workless wrong in WO
NW
Oh
What happens before Orlando
Has that Orlando blue more Orlando
Elza query
Just one fixed these caver pants to what it's in
A rain down stigmata
Jesus built my hot rod
Oh and Psalm 69
Psalm 69 you can't say that
Psalm
Someday sometimes I feel that life is casting me by
929 votes on a poll already boy
This isn't even a swat
This ain't even going to break out into a sweat
Like those weep all Italians there in the world cup
Seriously I you know I mean you go to Italy
Which have been in many many many many times
Have been in Milan over a balloon near for winds at Rome many times
And yeah you see some people look like that
But there are different I'm going to tell you who is the epitome of what that
Soccer team looked like an entity attending Goli
Who's supposed to be the best in the world by the way
I'll take your first of all you looked about 50 years old
Oh, it's speaking at 50 years old
Josh would know this there's a guy what the hell I was watching a little bit of a
Baseball game I'm ashamed to say was the Marlins and the Mets
Okay over the weekend
And the Mets have got a guy who in next month will be 48 years old
48
Oh Julio Franco
That's it Julio Franco
Just another Julio
Yeah, he's actually his 47 years old
They still do it in the
He can still do it
In next month he'll be 48 years old
He says he's going to play till 50
Less central page
Right
Charlie Reese in anti-war.com
That's a website he writes for
America government of cowards
Oh, amen
Back in the 1970s Alexander Solz and Eats
And one of the giants of the 20th century gave a commencement address at Harvard
It was I believe the last public address he gave in America
His criticism was so dead on that he quickly became person and on grata
I've always thought that it's a permanent disgrace to this great man
Who many Russians credit with bringing down the Soviet Union
Was never invited to the White House
While all sorts of Tuba'd communists and other full trunes have been faded and dined there
At any rate, apropos they courte headlines
What are the criticisms he levied was that
We as a country had become cowards
He made it clear that he didn't mean the American people
He meant the American government and the American establishment
He said they bullied small and weak countries and appeased the powerful
That was true then and it's true today
Look for example at the contrast between George Bush's rhetoric
Directed at North Korea and his rhetoric directed at Sodom who's saying
Sodom he said had been given enough chances he'd run out of time
There was no point in anymore talk blah blah etc. Sodom of course didn't have nuclear weapons
We even chemical or biological weapons
With North Korea the president says we must seek a diplomatic solution
And diplomacy of course takes a lot of time etc and so forth
Gosh we hate to see North Korea so isolated
What's the difference? Sodom was weak his regime was a toothless old hag
And Bush and his war hawks knew it
We could bully and invade him without fear
North Korea however is a regime with very sharp teeth
And has a fully equipped standing army of more than a million men
It has artillery wheeled the way along the military zone
Even without its missiles nuclear or conventional
War with North Korea would produce casualties in the tens of thousands
And would do it no matter of days
So your darn right Bush wants to use diplomacy
But his diplomacy is so inept that it's not likely to work
We're not going to attack North Korea even try a surgical strike
And North Korea knows this
It has a deterrent sufficiently strong to persuade us to let the sleeping dog lie
on the Korean peninsula
You'll notice too that all the tough rhetoric about Iran is suddenly quieted down
I think both the US and Israel finally realized that we have no military option with Iran
Iran is in a position to cause us in unimaginable problems all over the Middle East
Our failure in Iraq and the Israelis failure to cover the Palestinians
It reminded both countries that the Middle East is not a good place to cause trouble
It is a place where conventional forces can win tactical victories
But not strategic ones
T.E. Lawrence or Lawrence of Arabia if you prefer
Note it a characteristic of the Arabs
They can be suddenly seized with an idea so passionately he said
That they will willingly lose everything for it
That's all the explanation you need for suicide bombers
There is a line in their psyche that Westerners would do well not to cross
At any rate our government and our establishment ran this cowardly as they were in the 1970s
Look at the great military triumphs in recent years
Invading Panama and Grenada bombing Libya and Serbia fighting towards with Iraq
Henry General who wanted a tramful procession in Rome after victories that petty
would have been limited to a single cart pulled by a donkey
Probably we don't have a real peace movement in this country because one isn't needed
We're not going to fight anybody who has half a chance to draw in real blood
We're never going to launch a preventative war against North Korea or Iran
And God knows not against China or Russia
Perhaps if Bush ever extricates himself from Iraq and Afghanistan
We won't have another war with Somalia
We are just as so as it needs instead the bully of weak countries
And an appeaser of strong ones
Amen to that
But again
Huh?
That's very nice
It is
941 votes on the poll other than your president
Which politician you hate the most dig chainy
414
Hey dick don't shoot anybody now
Watch it
Old duck hunting dick
414 votes
Catherine Harris 99
Oh my god if you heard about her plane you wouldn't believe what it's doing right now
What
Vernon
Uh, Jeff
Fat ass Jeb Bush your governor 90
You know what's interesting when Fox News remember they had that court case
And a court role that they can they can make up news they can make up stories
That's right
But of course if you happen to be to the left of a tell of the hunt you can't do that
Or you ought to get fired for it
Jeff Bush 90
Your fat ass governor
Hillary 67
Tom Delay 64
Rick Santorum 43
Mr.
Feedus hugging
Uh, Faghater
Jewelieberman 40
Talk about drag
There's the there's a Connecticut drag queen champion
Jewelieberman
Now what's this what's the website where these kids are making up the
Oh, it's you that wish I would have written it down
They're making up phony of political ads. Did you see that last night?
No, oh, it's great
And the one for a Lieberman is it
Erie he's talking it's his voice but they got Bush moving his lips
They got bush team
And Lieberman talking it's a beautiful I pay money
They're making up phony political ads and they're better than the real political ads
Maybe that was on the Keith Oberman
Jewelieberman 40
Ted Kennedy 33
I hate this poll 28
Newt Gingrich 17
George Herbert Walker Boer 17
Not to be confused with Bandaar Bush
John McCain 11
Rudy Julianne 9
Al Gore 4
Bill Clinton 4
And John Kerry still only 3
And he liked that
I like it
Well, that's our crowd you know
That's our county pink or liberal crowd thank god
Our A.R. Heathen crowd
Oh, we did a fabulous job at Afghanistan
The letter pinned overnight to the wall of the mosque in Kandahar with succinct
Girls going to school need to be careful for their safety
We will put acid on their faces or they're murdered and then the blame will be on their parents
Today the local stands school stands empty victims of what amounts to a Taliban war on knowledge
Remember how we got then we we wiped out the Taliban in Afghanistan
Not right no more problems there
Right the liberal wind of change that swept the country in 2001 is being reversed
By the conservative estimate of Afghan president and Unicael Stooge Hamid Karzai
A hundred thousand students have been terrorized out of schools in the past year
And the number is certainly far higher and many teachers have been murdered some
Beheaded oh no those barbarians
Just like our good Saudi buddies with those beheadings
In the province of Zabu a teacher and female MP
Tour Pillakai city yesterday
There are 47 schools in my province but only three are operating
Only one teaches girls
It is 200 meters from a large US military based in the provincial capital
Across the South schools burned during the night
According to a bleak report reason just like a cat that hears his plane
According to a bleak report released by humans rice watch
Today at least 200 schools have been destroyed in the past year and a half
They're black and up shells many of the new buildings constructed with foreign aid money
Are visible from ever more dangerous roads south of the Kandahar
And it goes on and I just you know we did a fabulous job
Just like we always do in Afghanistan hit and run
And the Taliban are back and of course the poppy ideal
And then we had that story last week
Did you see it about how Karzai's brother is one of the top
Poppy drug lords high poppy no I didn't see that oh yeah
Hamid Karzai's brother
Yeah, he's just he's just a farmer you know he's growing his crop
Sure for full time
1257 at 560 WQM lobster fest is back every Friday through Sunday at the Emerald Coast
The best Chinese buffet in South Florida
Three locations for the Emerald Coaster and Sunrise Pember Pines and Sunny House Beach
Over a hundred different items featured on the Emerald Coast buffet
So try them all go in there with an empty stomach and by the time you walk out you'll be wobbling over there
Stirner out with six gourmet soups then go for the New York State Grilled Order
Juicy and delicious the way you like it
Hand carved prime rib they have a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes
As well as a salad and
Seal bar you wouldn't even know what to eat next at the Emerald Coast just show it all down your
Puss and their dessert bar is spectacular during the weekend on the weekends even more
Spectacular a 40-inch chocolate fondle make your mouth water you'll be drooling all over yourself
As you hand if strawberry's marshmallows cheesecake other decadent treats
In loads of milk chocolate for dessert a perfect ending to a fantastic feast
Even the Romans would be embarrassed at the Emerald Coast which uses only healthy cholesterol freaking oil
And no crap no cornstarchinal MSG
So bring the whole family for a fabulous face real soon the Emerald Coast
Call them at 954 572 3822 and don't forget every Friday through Sunday at Slomsterfest back at the Emerald Coast
We can eat your hearts content without spending a lot of green 954 572 38
22 size Irish to me
This is meal Roger what solid this is 5.69
Oh
I don't listen to the one to two hour wouldn't be prudent at this time
A bad who had a talking car car drinks too much while apple bar
He is tall with lots of way to hear
Give a step to the left and step to the right and try to pick a fight I'm doing the Hulk
I'm doing the Hulk who asked to fight the Hulk
He was in the movie click and likes to drink until he's sick
He's working on a rap album that's true
I want him I rap out
Give a stagger to the left and stagger to the right and try to pick a fight I'm doing the Hulk
I'm doing the Hulk
I am my cool knight let me into bar
Yeah
Yeah I'm doing the Hulk
Does anyone have a fee
Yeah
I'm doing the Hulk
I just broke his shoulder
I'm just jittering around the world
I'm doing the Hulk
Everybody do the Hulk
Yeah
Yeah
America is telling yes
But why does David have success
Some people wish that he would go away
He is putting a ball to the left and ball to the right and try to start a fight I'm doing the Hulk
He is it sidewalks
I am doing the Hulk
He is doing the Hulk
I am doing the Hulk
I am doing the Hulk
I am working my Hulk
Boy is he a towerer rock
No I can't stand him
It's 103 at 560 WQM and boy am I the best or what
Yeah
Guess what's on the way to you guys
I can be delivered tomorrow
I'm thinking that's so an adjacent hole
Okay
Well not for you but for Josh
All right
I are coming to you but you're you're going to have to turn him over
I'll make copies
Well that's what it says
Now how can they do that?
It says order date to lie 11 and
Should delivery estimate
Shipping estimate July 12
That's tomorrow
Because I ordered one day shipping
Well that's one day
Pay big bucks
Well you know these are very inexpensive
When you order old movies from Amazon
They're like you know
699 into the price of these
They're embarrassing almost for free you know
That's what a great Santini guaranteed
If you don't like both of those I'll be shocked
Shocked
All right
There's nothing slower ponderous about either one
Just another great line of the great Santini
To tumors in trouble
Well you'll you'll get it
In fact you know what tumors should have said
George he should have been in Fanzo
That's right
He should have been one saying
That's the honey tune
Yeah
Yeah
Well you'll get it when you see it
It's good
960 three votes on a pool
And then the kid that played in there
What else is name?
Michael O'Keefe is that him
Whose father was the right actor
I like him in that movie he was good
And more like the movie
And then he was in some horrible movie
Where he played in Atlanta Braves pitcher
Who was married to some red necky trailer
Transprawd
I saw about 10 minutes of that movie was horrible
I think that's the pitcher's wife
Is that the name of the movie?
I'm looking it up
The pitcher's wife
The sluggers wife I'm sorry
Oh
That really was the name of the movie
Yeah
And I think we're talking about it
It was just uh I don't know
Yeah Rebecca de Mourne was the other
Always she wanted one
I wonder he looked so depressed and beat up
Yeah
Rebecca de Mourne
She was good in that movie
I've seen that about 20 times now
The hand that rocks the cradle
It's good
You don't like it?
I like it
Has Josh seen that?
Yeah
Okay
Oh
It's okay
That's good
It's fine
I'm a scale of what
I'm a scale of 10
How many stars have we given that
I give it an 8
I'll give it a 7
Okay
George
Yeah I'll give it a 7
I agree with that
Oh
I mean it's not
It's not uh uh uh uh uh
Why we fight
No but nothing is
I don't have a hard ass anyway
You know that
Well do you watch
Our Fox
Well that's your next one
This is some of those other ones in there
Like uh you know
Be watching it today
The one about Iraq
That's pretty much a rehash
Also somebody recommended
Fog of War which was on my
Documentary channel over the weekend
of the cable
I saw about the last 45 minutes of that
Save your time
Save your money and save your time
Get why we fight instead
If you're into that
You know if you want to like
Learn a little bit of something
Because Fog of War is basically
Robert McNamur
Just going on about how he
And LBJ
A screwed up during Vietnam
And how Johnson
Know what the hell to do
And uh
Hey you know and he
He's in denial one time
He's in denial and then another time
He's like uh yeah
I screwed up
But it's nothing
Just him rambling on
About the 58,000 American kids
Who came home in body bags
Six minutes after one
At 560 WNQM
I don't tell me their actual
Calls coming in the star
I sure wasn't planning on it
560
0560
In fact during the summertime
You know what the best thing is
Never plan on
Right
And pound 560
If you're rising in singular wireless lines
Come into QAM
Hello
QAM
QAM
Hey how you doing sir
Okay sir
I got a movie I want to mention to these guys
Okay
Yeah
Yeah, for healthy
For healthy and we saw it today and we saw it
And we saw it and we found it about
Great we all love it
Yeah
All thanks for having a nice day
I listened to you guys quite often
I never heard you guys talk about
For healthy and so how long movie
I bought all the time about it again
Thanks a lot pal
Yeah you're not the only one buying movies
I bought that just so Josh to watch it
It's good
It is
I want to backsock and copy from people too
And I apologize for your window
But then again it was my money and yeah
That's right
I didn't think it was horrible
Good ending
It's not
It would have been a really good like short movie
But it is so slow
Yes
I think
I was a little going on
Although it was good that tell my writer was in
She kept giving Jimmy Stewart back rubs
But
It just wasn't awful lot going on
You know
And then again you have to wonder about
The character Jimmy Stewart played
Because he's sitting there with his
He's like a captive audience
The race Kelly keeps like swooshin
And you know she's hard to try
And he's like a guy who got the binoculars on
He's looking at Raymond Burr
Yeah
What does that tell you?
Maybe that's why he talks like that
It was supposed to pull that little 90 out of her little person
Yeah
Out of her little suitcase
And then his detective buddy comes by
And he's looking
It just was very slow
It was fine in its day
1954
A long time ago
That's 52 years ago
And I want to say I actually saw that in the movie theater
Well how old would I have been?
I would have been like 12 years old
Why would I see that?
Well back in that day we didn't have like no R
Although after there was nothing
You know
There was no language and there was certainly no sex
Grace Kelly wanted there to be
But Jimmy was he was busy
A little looking
What you look at that?
You look a little bit of Billy
But with Billy from our
Who was missed?
Somebody QAM, hello
QAM
Yeah, guys speak to me
Speaking
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay
Uh I haven't been listening to it for a little bit
I was wondering if you could comment on the long go straight
If you haven't already
Oh right, well what's there to say?
I mean it's uh you know
Kissed that
You were going to be a patient man
Yeah it is
I'm an ex black hawks man
I mean not ex but they've been so horrible
For so long
For so long yeah
And you want to know why?
Because their cheap because Bill Worse is a cheap bastard
And they got a horse ball organization
Oh they're awful
Yeah
All right Neil
Good luck to you Pally
Hey George did an awesome job while you were gone
Well what do we want? I was gone
I'm gone all summer long
I'm only on twice a week
He's doing a fine job
And that pull on Friday man
That put him over the top
Nine hours
Thanks Josh
Nine hours of sleep
It was a fine idea
What
I was just
Well he saw it on ESPN
So it was the same pull
It was a nice idea
It was hard to pull
And overwhelmingly
I hate this pull
Which never that never happens
Yeah
That's what I vote
Popular vote that day
But I'm relieved to find that
A lot of it didn't
You know
And then just moving along
WCQAM, hello
QAM
Hey oh great to have you back
Oh
Yeah
You're fading you're fading over here
WCQAM, hello
QAM
Yes
Is Neil there
Speaking
Is Neil there
Hello
Hello
Is Neil
Hello
Is Neil there
Hello
Why do you keep saying hello
Because I'm
You're talking to me
And I keep telling you it's me
And you keep asking us Neil there
Oh
She's listening to the radio
Yeah, you're listening to the radio
I'm back
Take that thing and shove it down
The toilet that radio
Wait a minute, wait a minute
I'm waiting
I wanted to tell you about a great
place called U2.com
Where they have wonderful political
cartoons
Okay
U2, that's the letter you
Has been like that right
That is why are you
Why are you
I was hoping it wasn't so good
I can't
Q
What is it
YouTube
Q
I have a Q
A political cartoon
Okay
Okay, thank you
Now check it out, thanks very much
Hello
Yeah
She was great
You too
What is it you
Q
That's calm
I'll be all about it
Yeah, we've put everybody on the world's on there
Okay, just just relax now
She was very nice
I'm here to have a lady call in
Okay, hey, we'll take it
The first one
About two years of we've had on this show
Although we do have almost a thousand votes already
You guys ought to be just
969
I didn't put this pool on till about 10 o'clock last night
972
I think I
Why
I
FedEx to
Yeah, I
Facts to
Whatever, whatever that thing is when you stick in the machine
I faked it to
I reckon about seven
And of course around 10
He finally got it on there
He's busy man
He still got those fireworks going for the fourth of July
As far as he was like creating there at the parliament house in Orlando
972 votes on the pool
We'll make that thousand by the bottom of the hour
I'm confident of that
Aren't you
Oh, there's that guy. What's his name from the Pentagon barber star. That's a guy. I'm CNN. Is there any doubt
Boxers in place that will see that deep boy. That's a guy. That's a guy called guilty. Riley
In fact, you remember years ago
Now, I don't know if you remember this
Marys in North Miami
Marys restaurant on 441 remember I told you years and years ago I lived at Twin Lakes Racket Club
Yeah, 441 the Golden Glades there
And it was a fabulous. I mean, it was really excellent
It's kind of restaurant called Marys
We used to get pizza from there all the time and go there and eat
and
There was a waitress in there who was a transsexual okay with hairy arms for sure it was a transsexual as opposed to a trans gendered person
Well
Anyway, I mentioned that on the air and the person called in a year one time the the
Prie the the person that's a good way to say yes
The person called in on the air and then of course eventually with the changing neighborhood that marries long gone
That was a tremendous way what did the person call to say thanks for noticing. I
Don't know. No. It's just just saying that they work there and they listen all the time and there was
I mean don't start knocking poor, you know, they got their issues man. They got their issues
Oh, at least 135 didn't injure man and that's the dilly oh and the orcini increase is transit security and the awake of an Indian and by the way
I you know what I forgot to mention today that whole thing about the plot for this is what the media does
Because your government continues with the fear tactic, okay?
That whole business about and did put an article on there was I'm sure Josh all over the weekend about that so-called plot to blow up the
Tunnels in New York the link it on the Holland tunnel much a bull crap. It was just like the mimie seven
They had no materials. There was no real plan. It was just some internet bravado by some guys who are they were to like to have done this and you know
And not even in the planning stages or the thing you did just talking out loud as your buddy. I would say build wreck
I know that said
Best of lots of crap, but no they've got to continue to convince America that we're at a verge of someone and now this thing in India
They're already exploiting that
Like that bit we got, you know like that thing says be afraid be a very
That's the one that's nice
14 past one at five sixty wdq m for a years now
I've told you about a really tremendous place to take the whole game for an enjoyable meal and that's the melting pot
They got fondue restaurants all over town now if I've been to the pot for a while now is definitely the time to go back
What's not to like about the pot? It's a full four-course dining experience starts out with over-known cheese fondue
And they serve up three different breads for you to dip and dunk and enjoy granny Smith apples
You know, that's always one of my favorite combinations apples and cheese
And Chris veggies too next come here choice a lively salads and your octaves include a combination of lobster filet mignon
See
Cajun seasoned chicken pork, pork, pork, potato, mushroom and lots more cooked and overbroad and don't forget the melting pot's homemade dipping sauces
They really make the fondue experience fun and that's the key to the whole deal
You're not just eating a meal you're dipping and dunking in the food too
And here's the clincher tap it all off with their famous chocolate fondue desserts with fresh strawberries bananas pineapple cheesecake brownies
And tasty marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos or graham crackers for dipping only at the pot
My blood sugar goes up to 50 points every time I just think about that
You'll find a pot all over towners and melting pot and coral springs north Miami Beach Cooper City for La Vida
Kendall and of course Volker, Ritone
Be sure and tell them that old meal since your body for a really fantastic experience at the pot
This is meal russets
This is 5.16.28
New
Yeah
Look back and they were dancing on your grave
They all to pen it over with the roadside trucker stop to give everyone a chance to squat
In a streaming trip that you're gone
For a urology
And in these times of seeing justice always
them here's the only way we'll see it
You'll find it difficult out to spend your money now
I hope they bury you face down
Reckons you be followed by the rest of your first
family home
It would be
It's just
It's just
You were a welcome
electric
And
Is now
A word
You failed
119 at 560 WQM
We got 996 votes. We'll have like I said before the bottom they are
Got a 4
We paid down the debt
Oh there's Harry Reid who finally somebody woke him up they tapped him on the back of the neck and woke his ass up
Well the Democrats are so lame man. It's so lame
Guess what I just got on my email got an email from you just got amazon. Oh saying it's on its way
Will be there tomorrow wow how the hell do they do that?
It's already at 1 o'clock in the afternoon when I ordered this stuff and will be there tomorrow
They run a headship they're great. I'll tell you one thing man
And how you see how much for you the VBD 699 wow for the great Santini and for fans
So because they're old you know they're like correct great demand. So it's 699 in fact
I'm spending more for the one day shipping than I did the two the two DVDs together are 1398 and the shipping in handlies 1497
So 2895 above 30 man I can handle it even after yesterday even after somebody bad machines mine
But there you go. So it's on a way and you'll have them tomorrow. All right
Tell you even your roommate might enjoy them
900
You
997 oh man we're not we don't want to overdo it and get over that thousand too fast
We wouldn't want to like 990
Eight you know they're pouring in by the ones
Now that's got to be the whole audience doesn't it this time of the year on the 11th of July
They still want to tell me about their 8 and nobody around nobody in town
WQAM hello
Yes, sir
Hey
WQAM hello
Yes, sir
I was listening to the show you were talking about that transgender person at the restaurant. Yeah, and I was wondering different
Kex have you ever thought about doing like a pearl like what's your favorite like movie drag queen?
Favorite movie drag queen like how many are there?
Well, this divine
Such as
Go
Some like a hot number Jack women
He was a drag right oh
You're talking about people like Milton Burl people are dressed up in drag
Yeah
Queen you somebody who played a role he was in drag Tony
56705 C's don't you I never would have thought of it
Well, that does make it a bad pull
That's true although I'm really relieved that Josh is the one responsible today
That's not his the responsibility is pull ideas. Yeah, but I thought it was a good idea
Is don't do it again 999 the next person who will be our 1000th order of the day and that person we thank you
Profusely, but you're not under yet. I keep refreshing it and it ain't happening yet
Are you you've got a thousand yet for sometimes you're ahead although usually I'm a head
I keep refreshing and I'm not getting any marine. That's what I got 999 and I clicked it again and again
They're just they're just holding back, you know still I've clicked this thing about seven times
I clicked this baby
Clicked my big, but if he turned it upside down
Oh, no six six yeah, let's get off of that real fast man. Elante C leasto is that it again at least all right
You are the antichrist. Yes, I am still 99 maybe that maybe this thing is frozen now
Can we ever see anything like this in your life? No, maybe Eric took away the four digit
Yeah, Eric just kind of like frozen on us, you know to put us in the kind of QA and mode everything is like in frozen and suspended in time
2001
Wow that is shocking when I took a little while there
I'll tell you now ordinarily when there would be like more than 2000 people in town we'd have gotten that immediately
We'd have been up for a thousand ten you know, I'm saying
But we're you know, we're playing with like I think considering everything we're doing just fine
You know everything is relative and considering the fact that you know the numbers around us are like
Almost invisible especially the ones between two and four. How'd you like to be if I'm managed?
I'm screaming at them like how ready to do two to five just give me on there and now you know instead of following two hours
It did it every day
With all due respect to bowling that you know, I mean take a look at those numbers if you can find them
They'll all begin with oh holy moly. I still say that if anybody would have ever told me that during the
Era that we're on this radio station that we could have had a number in the middle of the daytime forget about like overnight or late at night
And the middle of the daytime when people most of them are awake and living and breathing as much as they ever do
And then we could have a number that began with oh how to say you're crazy
Wait, we could put grandma we could put Joyce farting on the ear for two hours and do better than that
Oh, I already we don't in fact maybe maybe that's part of the new format
Maybe as soon as we can iron out the iron out Joyce's farting problem or guess who we're gonna have come on and do it
What's his name my boy from crash Ryan Philippe. Oh, yeah, well, he has a farting problem. You know, that's what I heard WQ I am hello
Hey, nearly how you doing okay, hey Josh left this one for you got a chance to spoon or four
Oh boy WQ I am hello
George Rodriguez
Okay, okay, whatever you say WQ I am hello
See that another was there was a that took care all three of them right there. That was good
Let's spend time together five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty and leave a rising singular wireless science what happens when you got around 82 minute delay
You just one point right there to all vanish fucking to thin air
I'm gonna read them there WQ I am hello
Hey, yeah, I'm doing okay
You mentioned I know this briefly, but about the the fog of war yeah, uh, yeah, file file it's on I mean, yeah
You know, he doesn't know if he's like begging for forgiveness or trying to justify it
Why don't we just can why don't you just come on say we screwed up and I'm responsible for a whole lot of for
Thousands of millions of people dying and I should be on death row and the same with the you know, Johnson was already died
It said we don't like that that's the only way if the only way that we would have been justifiable
If he would have been in a prison orange on death row, right that's right. I'm so glad
I'm so relieved that even if it would have been like 299 that I go out and spend money to buy that piece of crap
I'm so glad that it was on the table and I saw about a half an hour that was more than enough
You know, I watch it hoping that he would eventually you know say this is this is how
All of me are culpo there would have been nice, but didn't happen
Not not even oh, but you know
Did you guys talk about the rumors that I've been listening all day?
You guys talk about the rumors of uh, can you wait taking his death
Faking his death yeah, there's some story circulating that uh, you know
Produce a corpse so to speak and they have you know, they're very much anyway kind of fake and keep in mind when a Japanese prime minister
Was here where did bush take him to Graceland?
Do you ever think about that maybe maybe and maybe it's Elvis and Kenny lays the car?
I think they're throwing up to like a
I can eat out of shone you just stop it
Ha ha ha okay, probably so
Yeah, that's and of course we had the article on there which was tongue in cheek about did bush have Kenny laid murdered because
That's what the right wingers would have done. That's what they did with Vince Foster. Remember that how Hillary killed of Vince Foster
Oh, that's right right wing lunacy man. That's just paranoia about lunacy as it
Yeah, oh, and you see bushes first video is gonna be on stem cell research funding. You see that? Uh-huh
Not beautiful
The as the stone age people continue being in the stone age. George says he preferred to be in the stone age
Speaking of that, I got the story about the mystic mushrooms. Excellent. It's coming in fact the statute can also be on the way
27 past one at five sixty wqm. This may sound crazy, but experts now say that you can lose weight while you're sleeping
According to ABC news and good morning America medical correspondent dr. David Kess
There's convincing evidence that a good night's sleep can really pay dividends in terms of weight control
Studies point to two hormones regulating appetite which are in balance after people have had at least eight hours of sleep
So called dial amateurs at one 800 mattress open till midnight tonight save a few bucks and shed a few pounds
dial amateurs offers you 12 months financing no payments to no interest
dial amateurs ranked number one in the world and go for a customer satisfaction and they are for you an all-around deal
It's totally unbeatable and they have all the top brands that you know. I love to like steely
Soda Simmons King Coral tempered it and Stearns and Foster you with have been using them for years
Not guarantee you this is one of the easiest the smartest pieces of shopping you could ever do
So do yourself and your waistline and your back a big favor call
1-800 mattress of your shopping on their website at mattress.com
1-800-MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for sensational saving
This is a needle Roger
This is 5.62
Who's gonna get Ricky of all on the 9-11 widows and in particular a group that had been outspoken and critical of the administration
These broads are millionaires lionized on TV. I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much
Yeah
Proves all worked out worship by the fox news game
Cuz it's gone that
Got to see ever
Know when we care at all
You could be
Oh you could be a priest
You know that to the time
You would be whoever disagree
The wonder what they say again by dropping their bow bones
She supports our soldiers by tactics re-brain bones
Can you make your go away
Can we break your skin in this
We wish each other face
But if I'm getting in the way
Is she a woman anyway
One thing we
You know
To speak out using the fact that their widows how about sending in somebody were allowed to respond to no
No, no, we always have to respond to someone who just had a family member
I think that we just found out your questioning their offent as we they were using their grief in order to make a political like these broads
You know our millionaires
I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much
Yes, they're all over the news all over the news
By the way the syndicate that publishes her crap as as anchored and played derives for the column
But raw stories is more possible plagiarism is found in her book. Huh nailat
Vista the wall. That's what I say keep keep after after him whatever it is talking about drag queens
What is it? It's a true angel person people who took an illegal drug made from mushrooms
reported profound mystical experiences that led to behavior changes lasting for weeks all part of an experiment that we caused the psychedelic
60s
Many of the 36 volunteers rated their reaction to a single dose of the drug called
Sino-Syban as one of the most meaningful or spiritually significant experiences of their lives
Some compared it to the birth of a child of the death of a parent
See there we go again with that spiritual crap. What what does that mean? I don't know. Maybe they're
Calling it for a like a spiritual
Significant in other words stone off their ass. Yeah, such comments just seemed unbelievable said rolling Griffiths of the
Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore Merlin these studies lead author
But don't try this at home. He warned absolutely don't absolutely
Almost the third of the research participants found the drug experience frightening even in a very controlled setting
That suggests people experimenting with the elicit drug and their own could be harm grip
It said don't go to Amsterdam and don't go to the endos a shop so they sell a magic mushrooms
They're all over the place. Okay. I won't
Viewed by some as a landmark the study is one of the few rigorous looks in the past 40 years at the hallucinogens effects
The researchers suggested that drug some they may help drug addicts kick their habit or aid terminally old patients
struggling with anxiety and depression
Kind of like working at QAM anxiety and depression
It may also provide a way to study what happens in the brain during intense
Spiritual experiences the scientists said I don't know what that is and you know what people are thinking
That's because you're just not a spiritual person. No
I don't I don't even know how to define that what what is a spiritual experience?
I've had some heavenly experiences, but they're like you know, they like that
No, yeah, you know like when you feel the museum in other words like oh god, that's good. Yeah, no, I had one of those recently
Funded in part by the federal government's research was published online today by the so the journal psycho pharmacology
I'm sure you read that religious. Yeah, the subscription good
Silo sivan has been used for centuries in religious practices and its ability to produce a mystical experience is no surprise a mystical experience
But the new work demonstrates it more clearly than before I will we have the Beatles and what would be one of the
How about magical mystery magical mystery tour would be good
But that's not the one I was thinking of there's an even better one one
So be seated the sky with diamonds there you go. No magical mystery
Close the freaking program even too much after taking the drug pronounced. Oh, I see
Silo sivan excuse me
Silo sivan how silly of me most of the volunteers and the experience it changed them in beneficial ways such as making them more compassionate
Loving optimistic and patient family members and friends today notice the difference too. Oh, there's nothing like a good mushroom
Charles Schuster a professor inside country and behavioral neuroscientist Wayne State University in Detroit and former director of the National Institute on drug abuse called the work a landmark
I believe this is one of the most rigorously well-controlled studies ever done to evaluate
Silo sivan or similar substances for their potential to increase self-awareness and sense of
Spiritualities that he did not participate in the research
See unless you experience it you don't know what it is
Maybe that's why why I never went to those the head shops in aimed to name. Hmm. Well never got no the magic shrooms
So maybe next time I go then we're gonna have to stop by and yeah
I do like shrooms report back
Silo sivan like lsd or mescaline is one of a classic drugs called hallucinogens or psychedelics
While they've been studied by scientists in the past research was largely shut down after widespread recreational abuse of the drugs in the 60s
Some work resumed in the 90s
We've lost four there you go 40 years of potential research experience with this whole classic compounds
Sorry
What sorry for what why is it a little hot? No
Now with modern day scientific methods. I think it's time to pick up this research
Oh
By the way, are we glad that we don't hear about the Darryl strawberry anymore? Thank God
The study volunteers had an average age of 46 never had used hallucinogens and participated in some degree in religious or spiritual
Like at least such as prayer meditation the scratching groups of religious services sounds like focus focus to me by focus
Each tricellus seven during one visit to the lab and they stimulate meth better known as riddlein on one or two other visits
methyl fennidate how do you say that that's how you say methyl fennidate
Only six of the volume six of the volunteers they were getting civil seven each visit lasted eight hours
The volunteers lay on a couch and living room like sitting wearing an i-mass listen to classical music
They were encouraged to focus their attention inward. What kind of sounds like a scene from
Clockwork aren't they're wearing an i-mass that one if they were listening to music on their ipod
Maybe the music wasn't quite as loud as in clockwork aren't
still seven to face lasted for up to six hours
Gryffind said 22 the 36 volunteers reported having a complete mystical experience compared with four of those getting
mental fennidate
riddlein
That experience including such things as a sense of pure awareness and emerging with ultimate reality a transcendence
This sounds like Howard Beal a transcendence of time and space a feeling of sacredness or awe remember that one scene
Oh, yeah, I'm in touch with him and birds nature remember that sure and then of course he passed out of course. He was always passing on
A feeling of sacredness or awe and deeply fellow. There's that snake in the drawer again. That's all
And deeply felt positive mood like joy piece in love people say they can't possibly put into words Griffith said
Oh, let's get some of them shrooms now
Lay a month maybe maybe Amazon will deliver us some tomorrow
Too much later 24 the participants filled out a question there two thirds called the reaction to civil seven one of the five top most meaningful experiences of their light times
Another measure one third called it the most spiritually significant experience that it was another 40% righting in the top five
Just like Diana Christensen said next year we'll have
The throughout all the top five remember that
Mm-hmm
They had the number one show in television. That was she was good
We'll get back to you
Diana
About 80% said that because of these civil seven experience they still had a sense of well-being or life satisfaction
It was either raised moderately or very much and some probably very very very much as in I have no line right
I think that was that was probably one of the criteria for being selected for the test. I have no line
I
Okay, let's get somebody's called let's get pro-Zach Ron off that pro-Zach and get him into some shrooms
What are you saying I wonder if that'll make him hi? I know what we can do with him just send him over some toad stools
It would be good or just some stools. Oh, no, I think he's got plenty of those and usually sends him our way
19 till two at five sixteen WQA. I mean let's let's watch that again. Okay
What I haven't seen that in a long time
I
Met that song that you've been hit with and purple arm
Hey
That was one nice
Well, and then the doctor and I keep forgetting the doctor in that movie when I stopped was it in Carolinas or somewhere
They stopped because he had that bad right alarm that was the guy that played the
A pedophile in happiness that is correct
Wow, he seemed to be nauseated by the sudden that thing
19 till two I find his arm too. How is your leader doing don't don't see too much of him no more. Oh, yes
I do he's a man just released in the
I'm a man. I know that yeah, and he's got a video that's on a lot and he's keeping busy
He's touring I think while he's no email a herch on Tim
Well, I'm pleased that Josh liked that movie. I had some crappitation about that whether you'd like it or not because
Yeah, I was a little and by the way Josh isn't gay his roommate might be. Oh, well figures makes sense. It's the ecstasy. That's it
I'll leave that I love that speak for itself
18 till two we got Kimba Bo camper it to mad dog at four we got talking hard ball with the crow boy
We got a big pair of what that we put that on for three hours holy moly and Eddie can't ten o'clock
Hey hurricane season is here make no mistake about that
Don't wait until it's too late to protect your home
Hurricane shutter outlet has you do it yourself hurricane panels. This is a smart way to go
Why bother with those big home improvement warehouses when a hurricane shutter outlet is your complete source for hurricane protection
They've got all the things you need to get the job done and save you a ton of cash too
They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels that are cut to your needs and ready for you to pick up or deliver
All products are date roudon Palm Beach County approved to contractors and installers are welcome and they accept all major credit cards
They'd roudon Palm Beach County approved step by step instruction included
So why would you want to pay all that extra money for installation when the hurricane shutter outlet can get you all the things
You need to do it yourself and save all that cash you'll find them at 600 anson Boulevard in the halendale on the east side of 95
Between halendale Beach Boulevard and Pemberton Road call them at 9.5.4
2.3.7
708.3 or log on to hurricane shutter outlet.com tell them that Neil sent you buying get a hundred bucks off on a minimum order
350 square feet
That's 9.5.4.237.708.3 or on a wicked web hurricane shutter outlet.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
You can't do anything
You can't open the seat
You can't reply and say that the handwriting said giant and how
Well, I want to show you what a big ass and I was to you and how
You know you're gonna find somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants
It's amazing
Right now kids I love to be coming back
I'm trying to consider a little bit of a counteract
If you want to know what will save you from shutting that transmitter to the end of it
Why that's easy
You
oh
Sure
I
way to the air this the a Toronto Argonauts are sticking to join up and their
game this past weekend he got nine yards and six carries. He's doing his
making strides. He is kicking it a lame style like I said week week wiki. Molly
Ivan's rights the politics agreed. She says I don't give it. What's the
percentage in keeping the minimum minimum wage at 515 an hour after nine years?
This is such an unnecessary and nasty Republican move. Congress has voted seven
times to raise its own wages since the last minimum wage budget. Of course
Congress always raises its own salary in the dark of night hoping nobody will
notice but now it does the same with the minimum wage quietly killing it. Anyone
who doesn't think this is a country where the rich are getting richer in the
poor getting poor needs to check the numbers. This is bush country where a
rising tide lifts all yachts. According to the current issue of mother Jones one
in four U.S. jobs pays less than a poverty level income since two thousand
number of Americans living below the poverty line at any one time has risen
steadily now 13 percent thirty seven million Americans are officially poor and
didn't even call Josh. Bush's tax cuts extended until 2010 saved those
earning between 20 and 30 grand an average of ten dollars a year while those
making a million are saved 42 thousand seven hundred let me read that sentence
again. Bush's tax cuts extended till two thousand and ten saved those earning
between 20 and 30 grand an average of ten dollars a year while those making a
million dollars is saved 42 thousand seven hundred. In 2002 Senator Charles
Grassley Republican of Iowa compared those who point out such statistics as the
one above to eight off Hitler surely humans stolen. Bush has diverted 750
million in their healthy marriages by shifting funds from a social services
mostly childcare. Bush has proposed cutting housing programs for low income
people with disabilities by 50 percent. A series of related stats starting with
the news that two out of three new jobs are in the suburbs shows how the poor are
further disadvantaged in the job hunt by lack of public or private
transportation. Meanwhile for those who've been following the collapse of the
pension system please note a series in the Wall Street Journal by Ellen Schultz
taking a hard look at executive pension obligations. Benefits for executives now
come for a significant share of pension obligations in the U.S. an average of
eight percent of large companies. Sometimes the company's obligation for a
single executive's pension approaches a hundred million dollars. These
liabilities are largely hidden because corporations don't distinguish them for
overall pension obligations and their federal financial findings. As a result
saving their companies made by curtailing pensions of regular retirees which
have totaled billions of dollars in recent years can masquerading cost of
benefits for executives. Executive pensions even when they won't be paid until
years from now drag down the earnings today and they do so in a way that's
disproportionate to their size because they're not funded with dedicated assets.
It seems to me that we've seen enough evidence over the years that the capitalist
system is not going to be destroyed by an outside challenger like communism.
It will be destroyed by its own internal greed. Greed is the greatest
dangers we develop and increasingly winner-take-all system and voices like
the Wall Street Journal said a trail page encourage this mentality by
insisting that any former regulation is bad but for whom. It is so
discouraging to watch this country become less and less fair justice for all
seems like an embarrassingly archaic tag. Republicans have written a lot of
re-life in this country in ways we don't even know about yet. The new bankruptcy
laws unfair the new college loan rules are worse. The systems have been
stacked so that large corporations have an inside track over small businesses
and getting government contracts. We won't see the full consequences of this
mean and careless legislation for years but it's starting to affect this
already. You guys are making a big bucks-wise you know right yet. How many
votes we got? Oh look at that in 1060 if we'd have really given it the big push
we could have made 1100 but we don't want to do that. We don't want to set the
bar too high especially during the summertime. 1060 I'll take it other than our
president and then your president excuse me the politician you hate the most is
Dick Cheney 470 year votes the heaped dick. Captain Harris won away and of
course remember the president who left in this race Dick Nixon. See what I'm
saying. Captain Harris won away. Jeb Bush your fat ass governor 97. Fony as a
$42 bill. Hillary, 80. Tom Delay 69. I'm sure he won't be pleased to hear that.
Rick Santorum 47. Julie were been 45. Ted Kennedy 38. I hate this poll 31.
New Digi Rich 19. Bush 119. John McCain 12. Rudy Giuliani 9. Al Gore 8.
Bill Clinton 5. And John Kerry 5. Well least John Kerry at least you have a
little recognition here you know moved up with Al Gore about time and they do
have something in common they both were elected president. 152 and 560 W.
Kim some bye bye bye
