It's R.K.P EXPR unfinished.
But won't somebody just grab that bitch?
Slam her upside the head, hold her school
What a bit of both who?
Don't wanna hear no more about it
I just wish somebody would shut her up
Well if Ann makes you so tough
But why don't we find out?
But my border at a room with Rosie O'Donnell and she wish one comes out
But won't her school?
But Rosie would rule
Let's make Ann snick a little longer
By giving her an uppercut to the child
Oh, right
So guess who this is?
Flight from Chicago, by CIS, and we'll be on to day two o'clock
Are you gonna be one guess?
Oh, right
That's who it is
So what do we got at two Curtis?
We can't have Curtis Curtis doing seven to ten with the beach
Oh, what have we got now with your kid, are you?
Gildies on it too?
You're joking me
No
The day after my birthday and that's the appresent I get is two hours of gildy
Or at least he's after us not before us anyway
You don't understand?
Oh my god
Thanks a lot, mad dog, you idiot, you a dumbass
I saw the Humper on the Breeders Cup telecast on Saturday
My god, he has butched up, but not butched up maybe, but butped up
He was bigger than my screen could handle
You know my 46 and Samsung, my HDTV set
I've heard about it
Wow
It's a good thing I got a big screen because the Humper was like all over the place
He took up the whole screen
What did I tell you?
Frankie Dittoy, the greatest jockey in the world
I always told you that but never less
They don't want to hear about horse racing, they don't want to hear about
They sure don't want to hear about sports
And about how the beer is just handed that game
It was like, I don't want to say look like a fix
I mean that would be you can't say that
But it now would look like Josh?
Yes, somewhat
Maybe they paid Rex off
And maybe Rex was going back to his Florida roots again
You know, maybe thought he was back working in Florida or something
I don't know if it was gross man
Yeah, it was gross, comma, he is gross, and he sucked
And of course in the last night I understood
You're a team lost, my wow, who the hell are you expected to win that game anyway
It was fairly entertaining
You guys always beat the Colts
No
Yeah
Don't always beat the Lost Team last year in a regular season
That's in the playoffs you're thinking about when Sandy Payton Manning
Tokes it up a little bit
And you're a good one to talk man
And the excuses that Josh don't have the, he doesn't have the package
He doesn't have the NFL package so we can't see the bucks play most weeks
And boy are you lucky, it puts you in a much better mood
They really stink
Yes they do
I mean the Saints just wiped him right off the field yesterday
There was a fine breeze between you, a breeze's knees
It's just a whole game, he just, and anyway nobody wants to hear about sports
They want to hear about the election or all
And about Dick Cheney's going to go hunting tomorrow with his a bull-dike daughter
We'll get to that
But of course the big news over the weekend was Pastor Ted
All right, hey Ted
You're fairy
Oh, well all of these, they all lined up the same
Have you noticed that?
I know, the same, everyone of them
I have seen, I have, yeah, I've lined up the seaver
Yeah
Less than 24 hours after being fired from the mega-churchy founded
Evangelical Pastor Ted Hagrid confessed to a lifelong sexual problem
Uh-huh
And a letter read to members of his new life church yesterday
Hagrid said he is a deceiver and a liar
Absolutely
Hagrid apologized to his congregation and letter asked for their forgiveness
There is part of my life that is so repulsive and dark
That I've been boring against all my adult life Hagrid said
And a letter read by Pastor Larry Stockstill
Remember the board of overseers of new life church
On Saturday members of the board ousted Hagrid from the 14,000 member church
Siting his sexually immoral conduct
Mike Jones claims the prominent pastor paid him for a sex over a three-year period
Hagrid only admitted to receiving a massage from the end of a man
Although he didn't say what parts he was massaging
The pastor also admitted that he had bought methamphetamine
But said he didn't use the drug and he threw it away
Isn't that what George usually does?
He buys a pound of pot and he also opens a mistroes it away
I burn it
Yeah, slowly
Over time
In his apology letter Hagrid made no mention of drug use but said
I am guilty of sexual immorality also noted
The things I did open the door for additional allegations
This is like everyone haven't I told you this for years
Every one of these militant historical homophobes
Everyone
Every one of them is a closet bag
Every single one of them
And I've encountered a few in my time
Every one of them is a queen
Hagrid asked the congregation to forgive his accuser
Who Hagrid also revealed the deception that was in my life
Whatever that means
And a separate letter from Hagrid's wife to the woman of the congregation
Also read by Stocksville
Gail Hagrid said that while our heart has broken to your mains
Committed to him until death to his part the couple's got five chillins
Wonder what moral Hagrid thinks of all of that
I'm feeling kind of Hagrid about him myself
Oh, we got the big election of our baby any interest
Huh?
Well we get to that poll we're taking a poll on that today
Here's the poll from Friday and look at how many votes we had
2027 is that incredible or what?
What?
Neil talks too much about I hate this poll 421
20.7% I hate this poll 1 again
These dumb polls 320 see he's doing it right now again
He talks too much about these dumb polls
Horse racing 223 how about that Frankie Dittori
Poor Javier Costalano
And he gets he nearly gets killed
He gets tore off the horse they had to destroy a Pine Island
And then he you know they take him off of the ambulance
He comes back and and rides a Bernardini in the classic and gets beat
By that you're a way in horse and gets beat and there are a couple of idiots on
They're like well maybe he moved to his sonia
I don't even want to talk about it just so stupid
Hockey 213 horse racing and hockey the two H's man
They do not want to hear about those
Manage of the 158 politics 148 well excuse me
Almost stuff 133 you ferry like speaking of a Reverend Hagrid
The past past your dead sales holds 105 George W. Bush 97 sports 68 religion 55
Food 46 and old crap 40 too much living in the past talking about that old crap you know
Old horse racing and old cars and old music
Old stuff that's because Neil was 64 yesterday
Happy birthday to you thanks. Thank you so much. Did I get a card or like any
Well wishes from the radio station got a nice gift from George
But I didn't get nothing from the station not even a card not even a facts not even a facts
Hmm saying happy birthday you old goat and thanks for you know those numbers in there
Thanks for keeping us on the year nothing but there'll be something in the mail in
A dare to it's called a check which I'm you know be much more valuable than a stupid
Facts to a card. I mean what do you do with a birthday card?
You know you look at it and you say oh that's cute or how stupid put it up on the mantle
No you throw it away
Vice President dig chain he will spend tomorrow election day on his first hunting trip since he accidentally
Shot his companion last February while aiming at a cover of coil on a private Texas ranch a cover of coil
What a wonderful expression that is isn't it a cover of coil a gaggle of geese and a cover of coil and a butchered a holes
The vice president after working at the White House this morning
We'll head to South Dakota to spend several days at a private hunting lodge near Pierre
Leah Ann McBride his press secretary said it was an annual hunting outing and said chain he spent
Election day in 2002 at the very South same lodge
He'll be accompanied by his bull-dike daughter Mary and his political director Mel Reigns will help keep him track of election returns
On a February 11th hunting trip in Texas chain you call a sharp poor old attorney Harry
Wittington in the torso neck and face when he pulled the trigger on his 28th shotgun
Oops! Oh sorry Harry the vice president later called it one of the worst days of my life
And said the image of him falling is something I'll never be able to get out of my mind
How about the image of all those soldiers falling and dying and getting named and butchered in Iraq
Will he ever be able to get that out of his mind?
I'm sure he will
I get them high
The shooting was ruled the next and it wouldn't even was hospitalized for six days but he's fine you know
Just all wear fire
Maybe he'll shoot his bull-dike daughter tomorrow Mary
Probably been fixing to do that for a long time
Straighten her up
You think he's been fixing to do it?
I'm a southern guy who expressions
Well I'm fixing to do this I'm fixing to do that
Kind of a stupid thing is that
So I'm fixing dinner I can see I can see that
Or I'm fixing your ass or like dumbass
How about that mad dog being a dumbass
So Josh does want me to tell a story on air about how when he went to a hank
Oh he did a daughter
I don't care Hank will say you know call me dumbass on the air on his show
Does he still do that?
Yeah he still does
On the air off the air
So the obvious question is tomorrow when we have the power hour with Hank at a mad dog between four and five together
We'll hang call mad dog a dumbass for missing his flight from Chicago and not being on the air today
That is a good question
Well that's what you want to know but of course then again you know mad dog
See what I'm saying
Oh right
Well fair is fair huh per come on
Well he got bigger than a I think there's some communities like not as big as Hank
He just gigantic mammoth
He is a humongous monster at a radio industry
Democrats poised to score gains in the US Senate are struggling to pull ahead in the final seat they need to win the control
USA today Gallup poll says in six key states
Democratic challenges are leading Republican incumbents in some cases very narrowly
In Missouri Montana and Rhode Island according to the latest USA today survey out today
Other poll showed Democratic challenges ahead in Ohio and Pennsylvania
Those are no brainers
Even if Democrats sweet those five races however they would fall one seat short of those six needed for a majority status
Two Republican targets in Tennessee and Virginia now lead by three percentage points among likely voters
It says to me the Senate is still very much in playing to go either way since two Rothenbury editor they nonpartisan
Rothenburg political report
In a separate nationwide USA Gallup poll they can Thursday through yesterday
Democrats were favored over Republicans for Congress by 51 to 44% among likely voters
And the CNN poll of Democrats were 10 points ahead Republicans are back in the game they were engaged in Andy Cohod of the Pew Research Center which had similar results in the survey released yesterday
In the House Democrats are well we know that I'm so sick and tired of them showing that chart
Well Democrats need to pick up 15 and we know what they need you idiots for crying out loud
And see they got the Alan ahead in Virginia last poll I saw yesterday show a web ahead by one point of a senator Makakawitz
Several races remain fluid in Rhode Island where White House's lead has tightened from 11 point margin a month ago
16% of likely voters say they made up their minds within the last week and 13% are still undecided
In Missouri there's still a 7% undecided
So for those people are getting ready to fix the a deep old machines and all the other touch screen stuff tomorrow
There'll be a real good cop out you know well there's all these undecided you know they made up their mind at the last minute
And they all everyone in voted Republican
Or at least when they touched the screen that's what the screen said they all voted Republican
How confident are you going to vote George?
Oh yeah sure
Oh you can't vote
Right
Being a legal alien
That's right
Oh seriously I thought you got that straightened out
Well I didn't
You did not?
I did not
Oh well I got news for a man if the Republicans remain controlled, retain control of either a house tomorrow you're deported
Well that would be bad somehow
That would be interesting
Well we'll hook it up for you
You can be in Cuba and I'll be in Canada
Oh look go to Vancouver and be a refugee there
Where we'll be safe
Yeah you can take your attend pound, you can take your 400 pounds of pot that you bought from the chiefs of son
And hang out in B.C.
I wish I had that
Just take a B.C. powder
1013 at 560 WQM
How about those dolphins
And early Christmas gift from the very, I tell you the bears looked so bad yesterday
I can't even begin to describe how pathetic they look they look like a little girls team
Did they die?
Yes they did
They really looked pathetic
Like they were just, eh who wants to do this?
You know let's go find some else to do
You know when auto accident is a traumatic experience they're shocked they're stressed they're grief there's a...
A...saurus
It's something nobody wants to happen
But when it does you need help lines around all the questions that immediately you raced through your mind
What do I do now?
Who do I turn to?
Do I need medical treatment?
Do I need an attorney?
Am I in total compensation?
So many questions
And of course you need to be sure you call the right number to get all the answers the first time we need you to help
Here's that right number
One, triple eight, crash 61
It's a free call
And there's no obligation
One, eight, eight, eight, crash 61
One, triple eight, crash 61
Because you need answers out of another accident
Twenty four hours a day, seven days a week you can call that number
It's your auto accident or hotline
One, triple eight, crash 61
It's toll free, there's no obligation
But all your questions answered about your auto will be a accident
Just by making that one easy call and get you instant peace of mind
One, eight, eight, eight, crash 61
That's one, triple eight, crash 61
The biggest name, the best talent for the business, Neil Rogers, 4205, secure AAM
I just got
That's the blue moon
Oh, don't don't don't worry
Oh, I'd like to know who, one me election
Said I'd like to know who, one me election
Count the vote, count the vote, baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote count the vote over count the vote
Ever since this presidential race began
Live up and wonder who was going to win
Some far-beach people went to do their voting show
So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Looks like lots of them just remember Supercentric we can and boy
So I'd like to know who, one me election
Yes, I'd like to know who, one me election
Count the vote, count the vote baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote
The final tabulation started coming in
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10
Some may repeat for all together in a bunch
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a bunch
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Looks like lots of them just remember Supercentric we can and boy
So I'd like to know who, one me election
Said I'd like to know who, one me election
Oh, I'd like to know who, one me election
Yes,I'd like to know who, one me election
Count the vote, count the vote baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote count the vote
Count the vote count the vote over count the vote
I'm in for Bush.
I'm there and then more.
I'm in for Bush.
I'm there and then more.
I'm there and then more.
I'm there and then more.
I'm there and then more.
I'm there and then more.
I'm there and then more.
I'm there and then more.
I can't believe it.
It's last year's movie.
I can't believe neither one of you guys seen it many or just, huh?
When I'm flipping a 5C Scarlet space, I stop right there.
Scarlet Johansson's in it and also Jonathan Reese Myers, which I never saw him before.
And now since I saw the movie, I've seen him in about a half a dozen commercials.
He's an actor and a model, which to me says, yeah, British.
That's how it always happens, isn't it?
I don't know.
You see somebody one time and all of a sudden I'll say that.
At least in this movie, when he's modeling and he's ads, you don't look all that good.
But nevertheless, and there's a lot of flesh in there.
Not you really don't see what you want to see, but I didn't see what I wanted to see.
But there's a lot of screwing in tattoo and whatever.
And the ending of the movie and the most amazing part of the whole thing besides a great ending
is that come to find out it's a Woody Allen movie, which had a no-known end to beginning and everyone watched it.
I hate Woody Allen like poison.
And there was none of that catchy New York year.
And the whole thing was epic.
And then he was, no, it was not really.
And he wasn't all, also he wasn't in it.
Thanks God.
So if anybody wants to see a really good flick, if you like Scarlett Johansson, for example,
that could be one reason, or maybe like Jonathan Reece Myers, whatever his name is, go see it.
I mean, go get it.
You're going to get it.
Believe me, you're like it.
If you don't like that movie, I'll be shocked.
And then you'll loan it to Josh to a dumbass and he can watch it.
Guess who came out of the closet over the weekend?
No, not Charlie Cruz.
Yeah, where we know that.
Did you see the story?
About who?
Doogie?
Or you saw it.
Yeah.
Well, I'd tell you years ago, I thought he liked to do a doogie star.
You did.
I knew you'd be looking at joke again.
Neil Patrick Harris is gay and wants to quill any rumors to the contrary.
I'm quite proud to say that I'm a very content gay man, living my life to the fullest.
Terry Harris tells people in magazines website.
The 33-year-old actor city was motivated to disclose his sexuality because of recent speculation
and interest in his private life and relationships.
Harris stars on the CBS comedy How I Met Your Mother, Your Mama.
He starred on TV as a teen, playing the namesake Doctor on the series Doogie Houser and The.
Oh, God.
Who cares, huh?
Why would anybody really care about that?
You're not a thing?
I'm slow.
I play the theme for you, but for some reason I can't find it.
Well, from Doogie Houser?
Yeah.
Never watched it.
What a stupid.
I mean, maybe I tried to watch it when it first came on.
I watched it once and it was really stupid and I never made that.
And I was against more than enough.
867 votes out today's poll.
Once Charlie Kriss comes in, I'll certainly hopefully be for the election tomorrow.
How important are Tuesday's elections to you?
That's our poll question.
Very 412.
Very important.
More important.
Tante.
Life and death 178.
Somewhat, 117.
Not at all, 48.
Not much, 40.
What?
Me, worry 39.
I hate this poll's only got seven and I put an alternative on there.
I just hate 26.
What did I tell you?
No matter what the poll would be or what we would say or what we would be talking about.
We just, we hate 26.
And I hate to pull only seven.
So there's a more honest response, I guess.
And how could you hate that poll anyway tomorrow's the right election day?
868 votes.
Our goal is 869.
I'll say a little bit of Eric kids.
Front page story on TEM and our Time Magazine this week.
God vs. science can religion stand up to the test.
No.
You know, they put these things on there like, like we're all about your five-year-old children, which I guess,
in this territory, in this subject matter, most people are equivalent to like five-year-old children.
It's in the faith that long predates Darwin, but the anti-religion position is being promoted with increasing
insistence by scientists, angered by so-called intelligent design, and excited perhaps intoxicated by the discipline's
increasing ability to map quantify and change the nature of human experience.
Look like, look at Reverend Ted, for example, he's your change of his experience.
He has seen.
He has seen, oh, stop.
Same old, tired crap, and all these stupid bastards out there, all these getchkeys,
slumping and bringing their money and turning it over all these phony gray robbers, all these fakers,
all these closet queens and preverts.
Brain imaging illustrates in color the physical seat of the will and the passions,
challenging the religious concept of a soul, independent glands and gristle.
Brain chemist track imbalances that account for the ecstatic states of visionary saints,
or some suggest of Jesus.
Maybe they saw Jesus on Halovah back in the old days.
You think they ate Halovah?
The most of them.
Halovah.
Catholic Catholicism, Christophe Cardinal Shonburn has dubbed the most fervent of faith-shounding scientists,
followers of scientism or evolutionism since they hope science beyond being a measure
can replace religion as a worldview and a touchstone.
Wouldn't that be a breath of fresh air?
Science.
Oh, God, the work of the devil again, Satan's added again.
It is not an epithet that fits everyone wielding a test tube,
but a growing proportion of the profession's experience of what one major researcher calls
unprecedented outrage and perceived insults to research and rationality ranging from the
elegance influence of the Christian right on Bush administration science policy
to the fanatic faith of the 9-11 terrorist to intelligent designs ongoing claims.
Some are radicalized enough to publicly pick an ancient scab,
the idea that science and religion far from being complementary responses to the unknown
are at utter odds.
There are other odds.
Finding a spokesman for this other question wasn't hard since Richard Dawkins perhaps
its foremost polenicist has just come out with the God delusion.
The rare volume whose position is so clear at foregoes a subtitle, the God delusion,
I gotta get that.
The five-week New York Times bestseller, now at number eight, attacks faith philosophically
and historically as well scientifically, but leans heavily on Darwinian theory,
which was Dawkins' expertise as a young scientist,
and more recently as an explikator of evolutionary psychology, explikator.
What the hell is that?
I guess he explikates.
Oh.
Dawkins said, are you eating again, you cow, you pig, you're going to be like the
humber, the bacon from how he just showed up, he is just seriously eating it.
The more I see him, he gets bigger and bigger.
It's like somebody is stuck a bicycle pump of his leg.
God, man, what a jackass.
Dawkins and his peers have a swarm of particular theological opponents,
of course, but the most ardent of these are really care much about science,
in an argument in which one party stands, he moved along scripture and the other immobile,
on the periodic table, doesn't get anyone very far.
Most Americans occupy the middle ground, we want it all, we want it cheer on science and studies,
and still humble ourselves on the Sabbath.
Right.
We want access to both MRIs and miracles.
We want debates and issues like stem cells without conceding that the traditions are so intrinsically inimical
as to make discussions fruitless.
Informed conciliators have recently become more vocal, and foremost among them is Francis Collins.
Collins devotes to genetics if possible, greater than Dawkins.
Directed to the National Human Genome Research Institute since 1993,
he headed a multinational 24-hundred scientists team that combats the three billion biochemical levels of our genetic blueprint,
a milestone that then present a clintonotted in a 2000-wide house ceremony,
comparing the genome chart to marijuana, the Lewis's map of his faithful continental exploration.
Collins continues to lead his students studying the genome and mining it for medical breakthroughs.
He is also a fourth-right Christian who converted from atheism at the age of 27,
and now finds time to advise young evangelical scientists in how to declare their faith in science's largely agnostic upper reaches.
All the Getchkees all the time.
The biggest name, so best talents to this is Neil Rogers, for 205-60.
You know when me, why can't you see me?
If anybody has a opinion, dissenting from our way,
you place your name into the system, and can be of the state.
Don't give a mother to quench your thirst for the untold faith.
Everybody's sending bad news, as is USA.
In the act of history, now, you're watching all of you.
Everyone does a secret, so why can't you do this?
This can be for nations under your mightless rules,
in push for the landation, as as USA.
You gotta hate those Jews, or the dead borrowers to,
or believe everything we tell you, under state and run rules.
Blood war and forth are gone, then, fill up your haste and then,
a roving chainy bush been you, back as USA.
We don't mind you see our comes go, but our comes is good.
We're passing, they may buy jail, or we don't stupid good.
All the hour is free of being, the tax of the American way.
Oh my God, everybody's turning back in, the S.S. USA.
We heard you don't miss the Borat movie, he said it's funny and all hell,
and you're peeing your pants, yes you will.
And I said, don't miss a match point, and here's the effects right off the bat.
It says, when my wife asked me to write a match point and watch it,
whether I was not looking forward to it, expecting another sappy chick flick.
But I was way off, your absolutely correct, Syria was excellent.
Absolutely correct.
And you're right, wherever's the facts, I'm glad you got to see it.
And of course, George and Joshua don't have to be talked into watching it,
because it's got what's your name in it?
Scarlett Johansson.
Yeah, yeah.
And it's amazing, I never knew that Woody Allen had any talent at all,
much less to this much.
It's really well, the story, can I tell you what the story is about?
Please.
So Jonathan Reese some Myers, who's the star, Chris.
And he's a former tennis player and tennis coach and whatever,
he's like, I don't know, like supposed to be off 30, whatever I would say.
And he meets this chick and she's like part of this very, very wealthy family,
very wealthy family with his big mansion, it's a British thing.
And anyway, so he gets married to her eventually,
and then his brother-in-law, her brother, he's the one that's dating Scarlett Johansson.
And then they have a falling out and he finally mirrors some other chick.
And so to make a long story short, Chris winds up having an affair with Scarlett Johansson.
I don't want to give it away, I don't want to spoil it for it's too good.
Okay, I'm not going to say the rest, but it's just when it gets to the end,
there's a great line there at the end of the movie, the line, I want to make sure I have it right.
I don't have it right, don't tell me the line.
No, no, it doesn't give anything away, it's just a good line about it.
Because they finally, they've been trying to have a kid, you know, Chris and the wife.
And finally she gets pregnant and at the end of the movie you see there's the baby is born in the audio-nia.
And the brother-in-law says, well one of the families says, I hope he's very talented
and the mother says, oh, he's certainly going to be.
And somebody says, no, that's not important that he's talented.
I hope that he's lucky.
It's kind of like sums up something for the whole movie.
Anyway, speaking of Getski's, and crazy religion, and just crazy people in general, Catherine Harris,
who has made past comments that raised questions about her religious sensitivity,
created a telephone prayer service recently that God would bring the hearts and minds of our Jewish brothers and sisters into alignment.
Oh, she's a crazy bitch. Yes, she is.
I hear a spokesman said Friday that the Longbow Key Republican who's advocating electing Christian office holders
was talking about converting Jews to vote Republican up to Christianity.
In a conference call prayer service sponsored by a religious conservative group October Turd,
Harris expressively that Florida will lead the nation in a spiritual reawakening.
She said that will include changes in government, including prayer in schools,
and changes in tax regulations on churches and charities.
Oh, yeah, I'm all for that last part. Start taxing the crap out of them. 90%.
We just decree and declare there will be a shift for this nation that there will be an enormous revival,
even a revolution as we speak, she prayed.
Once again, we'll rejoice with your son and bring this nation to alignment with your government,
and you're with your kingdom principles and authority.
Harris's comment solicited concern from the heavily national Jewish organization on governmental policy,
who is tractor campaign, Jeffrey Paschek, president of the Jewish Social Policy Action Network,
said he couldn't tell what Harris meant, but said he's troubled by her comments.
Harris appears to be asserting the country should be governed by religious law
and advocating alignment between American law and what she interprets as biblical law.
Well, God is a Republican, isn't he, after all?
Yes, and straight.
When told of Harris's, I don't be too sure about that.
When told of Harris's explanation that she meant aligning with Republicans Paschek,
said there is room to read her statements as being extremely insensitive.
I can't know what she meant.
I can only look at them and say they continue to trouble me.
In August, Harris told an abuse from the Florida Baptist witness,
if you're not electing Christians, then in essence, you're going to legislate sin.
You know, good Christians like Mark Foley, people like that.
And of course, Charlie A. Christ.
Yeah, don't forget that preacher.
Well, he's not an orifice holder, though.
Preacher Father Ted?
Yeah.
He ain't holding orifice.
Although I think somebody was massaging his orifice.
Intermediate Wednesday night with a poet at US Bill Nelson in Orlando
and moderator Tim Russ had questioned her about that.
He said he meant that everyone should be involved, everyone should vote,
and everyone should run for office if they wish.
I never said he had to be a Christian.
I would distinguish between Bill Nelson and how he says he votes,
versus how he actually votes, he said, or else it,
even though the comment didn't mention Nelson.
For October 3rd, comments about Jews took place during an awakened
the nation conference called Prayer Service,
handed by Ken Malone, Senior Pastor of Lighthouse World Outreach in Davenport.
His website says the ministry has an apostolic governmental role,
apostolic, you idiot, an apostolic government.
I'm having trouble with words today.
It's probably because I'm so old now, probably having a senior moment.
His website says the ministry has an apostolic governmental role
and seeks to shift the government and the courts of our nation.
Florida, he says, is the forerunner to the nation in that mission.
Florida is in the missionary position.
Malone's organization set up a series of telephone prayer services
that involve people who refers to as prophetic intercessors
and prophetic teachers.
I think he meant pathetic, not prophetic.
The recording of one of the involving heres has disappeared from the site
since the Tampa Tribute of Pastor campaign about it Friday.
It just vanished like magic.
I'm sure it's featured later a prayer on the conference call.
Harris said Florida is key with regard to a shift in this nation
and no doubt these elections in Florida are key as well.
That's why there is such spiritual warfare.
As regard to a shift in this nation, I think there's an extra letter in that word.
In the prayer at the end of the conference call she sought God's help
to bring these goals about.
And Father, awaken our churches now, she prayed.
Treat the pastors hearts of those who think there is no place for government.
Have them understand kingdom government, how they need to be involved in the governance on this earth
because God is our governance.
She added in Father God right now in the day after the Jewish New Year,
Father after the day after the Atonement, as they enter into the New Year,
Father God, I just pray that we bring the hearts and minds of our Jewish brothers and sisters into alignment.
She prayed for the safety of Israel, your sacred nation, Father.
Father, for your Father, she said, for your Father.
You're out of line, you boy.
How about for her mother, for your mama, bitch?
Catherine Harris, a crazy person.
How much chance is she God?
Much less than on, minus infinity.
Thanks God.
Although I think she took it right in with Ken the way America is going on.
George recommends the movie, which I talked about at length, which you forgot about.
Aaron Russo's America, Freedom of Fascism, recommends it hardly.
Well, I saw the trailer, so I can't wait.
You haven't seen the movie yet.
And as far as that, what's that voting movie that's on HBO right now?
Stealing the vote, hacking the vote.
Hacking democracy, that's it.
It's thought again, right?
And it's just as scary, just as bone-chilling.
So everyone needs to see that like today.
Let's see, it's on HBO today.
Let's see, East West Latino today.
When it'll be on tomorrow on regular basis, we'll watch it in Spanish.
It'll be on HBO East tomorrow morning and on the clock.
So before you go vote, watch that.
And then, well, maybe like I said, after you come home from voting, watch it.
Because otherwise, if you watch this, you might want to not vote.
You think, oh, what's the sense of voting?
Because it's all hacked anyway.
And here comes hacked the wife.
1042 at 560 WQYM, I experienced the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompo.
And don't forget that Mercedes-Benz of Pompo does make any difference with time
with a bunch of purchases of vehicle you always get the best deal,
whether it's the beginning of the month, the middle of the month,
the week from circus whenever, whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz
luxury sedans, the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV
or their large selection of great certified pre-owned cars,
when you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompo.
You'll have over 200 employees dedicated to providing you in comparable service,
offering express-loob courtesy vehicles and complimentary car washes to
making an appointment through our business development center.
You can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles with your airline.
Browse, Mercedes-Benz of Pompo does indoor expo with over 150 great new and pre-owned vehicles
or just go to benzpompo.com, B-E-N-Z.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompo.
The Toyota Findament R95 and Copens Road Collar had won 800 new benz in EWB-E-N-Z.
That's 1-800 new benz for Mercedes-Benz of Pompo.
Like I always tell you, it's a Mercedes-Benz dealer like absolutely no others.
The biggest name of the best talent for the business wheel roger for a 4-Tradio 560-EU-AM.
Tell me that's the rejoin.
Go yo, just like that.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
He'll ride you time.
I love the way those and the real suddenly real abrupt.
Kind like some of those rejoins we have now that we we've got the rejoin buried in the middle of so many spots now.
I can it's like a contest now.
Will the real rejoin please stand up.
You know, joke.
That's fair as for an idiot.
Hey, clearance you jackass.
1049 is 11 before the hour.
We got Geldie from Adog who missed his flight.
What a jackass.
Uh, Geldie 2 to 4.
We got the power hour I guess with the Hankin Geldie.
I don't know what's going on and Hank will be on 4 to 7.
Curtis and the Beast.
Seven to 10 and then 8 kids 10 o'clock.
Nobody and no Panther.
No nothing.
Very strange schedule.
The pants just played on, I don't know what till there was it Friday.
And now they don't play until the Rangers on Wednesday.
Very strange.
Here's the fact that says Borat movie is very funny.
You will love it.
Neil has chose how racist Nigger and U.S. really is.
Comic genius.
Also saw cocaine cowboys.
If you lived in Miami during the late 70s or 80s, you must watch it.
And then it says promise you will.
Cocaine cowboys.
Now raise your hand.
Okay, promise that you're left hand on your.
My legs are crossed in my eyes and my nuts.
And you know the amazing thing of that game last night is Tom Brady had three balls, three of his balls tipped.
How does that feel?
Then it says I listen to your advice.
Promise you'll watch, you know.
Die hard Finn fan.
Happy I'm running for the first time in a while.
Dolphins number 32 baby.
It's a yeah.
Here's Joe.
I noticed that actually, um, actually, what's his name?
Grossman, suitable.
Red and adjacent Taylor's hand for the dogs.
And I noticed that Joey Herodin reciprocated and threw him on the head of the line back for the bears.
Remember that one Josh?
Uh, there was a line man Alex Brown.
But yeah, whoever the hell it was.
See there he goes again.
What a jackass.
Yeah, that's going to be interesting.
I want you to monitor the humber today.
See if he calls Mad Dog or Jackass from the explain.
It's dumbass.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
Dumbass.
I keep the long ass.
Oh, well, I want to ask, you know, you see him when you see him all.
I'll accept for a scarlet you'll handsome.
Trying to think if you see, uh, Adam, there's not much.
Drivers are being asked to use alternate routes after a southbound tanker rig went off I-95
onto a street below the elevated roadway around Northwest 111st Street and exploded into flame this morning.
At least one person was reported dead.
FHP spokesman was headed Pat St. Asanozo said the crash occurred around 9 o'clock this morning
near the I-95 exit entrance ramps at Northwest 115st Street.
He said the tanker collided with a pickup truck and punched off I-95 and crashed and exploded.
St. Asanozo said the rig's driver was killed.
It wasn't immediately known if the fire that followed the explosion caused any structural damage to I-95 in that area.
And spectres have been called in and the road in that area remain closed until they complete their work.
Firefighters used foam to contain the fire and a 30-centre-needed douse nearby St. James Catholic Church with water.
They uttered.
The church also housed the school which was evacuated.
Flames were reported out by 9.30 this morning but a huge plume of smoke still hung over the area.
TV station showed the chart almost skeletal like remains of the foam of soaked tanker which had crashed under road near 4.41.
The crashed all all southbound traffic in the area and the backup was miles long.
It wasn't immediately known how long the road would be shut down.
So those of you who are still sitting in traffic, good luck to you.
That will teach you.
That will teach you to be driving in Tosh Florida.
For sure, miss driving, not?
Once upon a time I got the point I felt like I was two-olded or I was in a situation where I didn't have to drive anymore.
I would really miss it. Ask me if I missed it.
I missed my Corvettes.
Driving on an open road like on a big highway without hardly any traffic.
I missed that. The field.
The field under your foot. The field when three years in the fall, a ball's good tip.
That's a nice thing.
Three years.
That's a nice good tip.
Well that's what Rocky Discworld told me.
That was a Freudian tip.
A group that claims marijuana uses safer than drinking.
Ran newspaper ads this past weekend mentioning allegations that President Bush once drunk on Lee Chownd's father were fighting.
And Vice President Cheney's accidental shooting of a friend after drinking.
Feature.
Yeah you did.
Safeer Colorado would put a measure on the Colorado Valley to legalize possessed a marijuana placed in the ads in a newspaper in Greeley.
That's Colorado.
Where Bush made an appearance on Saturday.
Wasn't that Horace Greeley who said go West Young Man?
Who?
The ad in the Greeley Tribune had a photo of Bush accompanied by a text that read in 1972.
Who did say that? Go West Young Man. Horace Greeley wasn't it?
I don't know.
Oh I got to Google it.
Go West.
Horace Greeley.
All right.
Oh my god.
That's making up for all of the butchering those words in the first story.
Almost.
So who was Horace Greeley?
Guy.
Really.
The ad in the Greeley Tribune had a photo of Bush accompanied by a text that read in 1972.
This man tried to fight his dad when he was drunk.
Just one more reason to vote.
Yes, on 44.
The ad was referring to published reports that in 1972 a 26-year-old Bush had come home drunk and challenged his father to a fight.
The matter reportedly was settled without violence.
The group ran the chainy ad in the gazetta Colorado Springs that day after he spoke to troops that were nearby Fort Carson Army Posts and attended a campaign rally.
The ad said shot his friend in the face after drinking just one more reason to vote.
Yes, on 44.
The chainy, well we know what he did.
They were both in town and they're simply taking this opportunity to draw attention to the fact that alcohol contributes to far more problems than marijuana said Mason Tver to groups campaign director.
I wonder if Tver is a pervert.
White House spokesman Tony Snow asked for a combative voter.
A force one is Bush headed in Texas after the rally.
This misty ad is kind of snarky and juvenile.
I'm not sure they did their cause much good.
Referendum 44, which is on tomorrow's ballot, which would allow adults to carry up to an ounce of marijuana similar to an ordinance Denver voters approved last year.
No other state allows pop possession for anything other than medical use.
Federal law also prevents possession.
A recent poll of 625 registered voters by Mason Dixon polling in research found 34% of voters support the measure.
57% opposed it.
How do you like that?
Felt your Yahoo red necks.
Probably smoking a carpet.
Probably smoking each other. Probably smoking a sausage.
959 votes on the poll.
What a dumbass.
The Mrs. Flight.
Can you believe that?
And wouldn't you think there would be a flight back in the morning?
I mean, I just...
Maybe that's when this flight was in him.
It's maybe over-slect from the stress of all that parting air in the big celebration of the intelfin victory over the debares.
I'm thinking he had too many green lizards as he was saying.
That could be it.
Yeah, and this is going to be...
You just want to rub it in just because Hank keeps calling you a dumbass.
What do you care what Hank calls you in?
He's going to be dead pretty soon anyway if he doesn't stop eating.
Stop the eating already.
My God, he's humongous.
Maybe it's just a TV. Maybe it's just my set.
You know, because it's a big screen.
How did he look on your set, John?
Of course you got a big one too.
Screen.
Is that a goody look?
He looked there, you know, like he does here.
Fat.
What an embarrassment.
965 votes.
How important are our selections to you?
Very important.
459.
Life and death.
197.
They're sitting on the edge of their seat, man.
They're on pins and needles.
Somewhat important.
128.
Not at all.
55.
What?
Me worry.
46.
Not much.
42.
I just hate 31.
And I hate this poll 7.
You see that?
Now that we separated that and divided by...
By Gali?
I hate the poll 7, but I just hate 31 in general.
And that's the floor to FNW if he asked me.
They just hate.
The biggest name.
The best challenge for this is Neil Rodgers.
4th Radio 560.
You A.
Damn.
This is the Neil Rodgers show.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
Everybody.
A severed body.
All the time.
What is the Kimberly-Sぐ Nein?
A
And my tolerance and fear
It's where his fresh eye congregates
And they don't want to hear
You'll find their attitudes like solar
With a much scarier, a friend no slice you to the bone
Then in the dreadlock of a shower
A scarier window in someone's house you mad at home
A friend like a head, a friend like a head all the time
So how safe is it that he can do
Stop making the freezes walking from common old people
It's 11.1560 WQI, I am happy Monday, November 6th, today after my birthday, the day before election day
It's like a big day sandwich
Okay, or something like that
For us really, by the way, in case you really wanted to know, maybe you didn't, but I'll tell you anyway, I kind of did do
Was an American editor of a leading newspaper founder of the Republican Party, Reformer and Politician
His new archivian was America's most influential newspaper from 1840 to 1870
He used it to promote the wig and Republican parties, the wig party
I wonder if Moe was a man
As well as anti-slavery and host of reforms
But when you stop back and think about that piece that he used to wear, wow
It puts a smile on your face
And yet the grin
Cruciting against the corruption of Ulysses S. Grants Republican administration was the presidential candidate
In 1872 of a new liberal Republican party, despite having the additional support of the Democratic Party lost in a landslide
For us really
He was born in Amherst, New Hampshire, the son of a poor farmer
He declined a scholarship to Phillips Exeter Academy left school ladies 14
He apprenticed as a printer moving to New York in 1831
In 1834, he founded the Weekly in New Yorker, which was mostly comprised of clippings from other magazines
In 1836, really married Mary Cheney Greeley
Oh, wow!
Mary Cheney Greeley is sometimes suffragette
Horace Greeley spent his little time as possible with his wife and would sleep in a boarding house when in New York City
Of their seven children only two daughters reached maturity
And it goes on and on
Greeley supported liberal policy towards settlers
He memorably advised the ambitious to go west young man
Though the phrase originally was written by John Sol in the Terrahode Express in 1851
It's most often attributed to Greeley like I stayed
A champion of the working man he attacked monopolies of all sorts and rejected land grant
Oh, I guess it was a vegetarian, River Penis
Yeah, look what good it did
Yeah, he was Jewish
A champion of the working man he attacked monopolies of all sorts and rejected land grants to railroads
Industry would make everyone rich and assisted as he promoted high tariffs
He supported vegetarianism, opposed liquor and paid serious attention to any ism anyone proposed
What made the Tribune such a success was the extensive news story
He's very well written by brilliant reporters New York Tribune which he founded
Together with feature articles by fine writers
When the New Republican and party was founded in 1854 really made the Tribune its official un-official national organ
And fought slavery extension in the slave power on every page
On the eve of the Civil War circulation nation might approach 300,000
He's had a Turels and News reports explaining the policies of the candidates of the Wig Party
Where we printed and discussed throughout the country
Many small newspapers relied heavily on the reporting editorials of the Tribune
He served as congressman for three months 1848 to 49 would fail the numerous other attempts to win a elective office
In reconstruction he took an erratic course mostly favoring the radicals and opposing President Andrew Johnson
His personal guarantee of bail for Jefferson Davis in 1867 still many of his long-time readers have whom cancel their subscriptions
After supporting the U.S. grant in the 1868 election, Greely broke with grant and joined the Liberal Republican Party in 1872
To everyone's astonishment
Oh my god
They nominated Greely as their presidential candidate even more surprisingly he won the support of many Democrats
Who is party he had excoriated for decades
As a candidate, Greely argued that reconstruction was a success the war was over the Confederacy destroyed slavery was dead
It was time to pull federal troops out of the South and let the people there run their own affairs
A weak campaigner who was mercilessly ridiculed as a fool and extremist a churn coat and a crazy man who couldn't be trusted by the Republicans
The most vicious attacks came in cartoons by Thomas Nast in Harper's Weekly
Greely ultimately ran far behind the ticket and only when 43% of the vote the crushing defeat was not Greely's only misfortune
In 1872 Greely was among several high-profile investors who were defrauded by Philip Arnold and famous diamond and gemstone hoax
Meanwhile as really had been pursuing his political career white law read owner of a New York herald had gained control of the Tribune
Not long after the election Greely's wife died he descended into madness and died before the electoral votes could be cast
He descended into madness kind of like Greg Reed in his final illness spotting Reed
Spaw that's white law read
That was the I just got sure you weren't listening white law read owner the herald have been controlled the Tribune
He descended into madness died before the electoral votes could be cast in his final illness spotting Reed
That's white law not Greg outlaw he cried out you son of a bitch you still my newspaper and duck cast in his final illness spotting Reed
That's white law not Greg outlaw he cried out you son of a bitch you still my newspaper and died at 6.50pm on Friday in November 29th 1822 at Chapacua
Even though I received no electoral votes three of Georgia's electoral votes were left blank in honor of him
The Greely homie in Chapacua New York now houses the New Castle Historical Society the local high school is named for him and the name of the school newspaper is based homage to the 19th century paper owned by Horace Greeley
Chapacua and then you got Mary Cheney or Greeley oh my ready see all that and then you got Greg Reed in there too going
It's a little bit crazy like that and see to know somebody's newspaper you probably put very jackass to work on a random sports column
989 but we're going to have by the time we come back from the next break whenever that's going to be we'll have over a thousand votes
And then we can take a nice CSDA it's Monday man good day for a good CSDA
The American conservative of magazines started by Pat Buchanan to offset the overrepresentation of new conservative thought in public debate is taking a strong anti-bush position in this election
The article states that you'd surprise few readers that we think a vote that is seen in America and the world is large as a decisive no vote in the Bush presidency is important for the health of the nation
A decisive no vote just say to the Bush row to the Neocons
Since it's inception the American conservative is taking a strong isolation stance on most foreign policy issues
As Iraq has toppled in a chaos over the years the magazine is invaded against the Bush team in Harsher and Harsher to terms
In fact this is part of their article from last week
They said next week Americans will vote for candidates who have spent much of their campaigns addressing state and local issues
But no future historian will linger over the ideas put forth for improving schools and directing funds to highway projects
The meaning of this election will be interpreted in one of two ways
The American people endorsed the Bush presidency or did what they could do to repudiate it
Such an interpretation will be simplistic even unfairly so nevertheless the fact that will matter is the raw number of Republicans as Democrats elected the House and Senate
It's a surprise few readers that we think of vote that is seen in America and the world of large as a decisive no vote on the Bush presidency is the best outcome
We need not dwell on George Bush's failed effort to jam a poorly disguised amnesty for legal aliens to Congress
Or the assaults on the Constitution carried out under the pretext of fighting terrorism or as administrations endorsement of torture
Based on 9-11 with a great challenge President Bush made little effort to understand who would attack us and why
Thus ignoring the prerequisite for crafting an effective response
He seemingly did not want people to find out he did not want to find out
And he staffed his national security team with people who didn't want to know or were committed to a prefabricated answer
A prefabricated answer got that?
Oh yeah I got it
You know that River Phenus was a vegetarian?
I do know
As a consequence he rushed America into a war against the Iraq war now losing in Cannot win
One that's done far more to strengthen Islamist territory than anything they could possibly have done for themselves
Bush's decision to seize Iraq will almost surely leave behind a broken state
divided into warring ethnic on play with hundreds of thousands killed in Maine
And thousands more thirsting for revenge against the country that crossed the ocean to attack them
The invasion failed at every level
If securing Israel was part of the administration's calculation as the record suggests it was for several of his top aides
The result is also clear the strengthening of Iran's hand in the Persian Gulf with the reach up to Israel's northern border
And the elimination of the most powerful Arab states that might stay in the Iranian regional hegemony
See there I go again hegemony
Every article I read today is loaded with the words that I don't understand
I understand them I just can't read them, I can't pronounce them
Go away it's young man
That's alright nobody knows the difference
The war will continue nobody's listening is what you're trying to say nobody's listening to you
Nobody knows how you say those words right anyway so we have a thousand votes
That's all that counts, forget about hegemony, screw it
It's a stupid word anyway
The war will continue as long as Bush is in office for no other reason than the feckless president can't face the embarrassment of admitting defeat
The chain of events is not complete
Bush having learned little from his mistakes may yet seek to embrace the war against the Iran and Syria
There may be little Americans get due to a tone for this presidency which will stay in our country's reputation for a long time
But the process of recovering our good name must begin somewhere and the logical places in the voting booth this November 7 sounds like tomorrow to me
If we are fortunate we can produce a result that has seen in Washington and Peoria and the world capitals from product to quality and poor as a
Repediation of George W Bush and the war of aggression he launched against Iraq
On November 7th the world will be watching as we go to the polls seeking to Washington with the American people of the wisdom and try to correct they desached his courts
Posterity will know two of their collective decisions one that captured the attention of historians
That of a people voting again and again to endorse the leader taking the country in a catastrophic direction
The choice is in our hands. That's the idea of a type of can't resist vote again and again. Vote early and often man vote 20 30 40 times
30 men against these and the old fascists
So I was in votes on the poll aren't you impressed? No, no you're not. It's always the same. I always ask you. Oh by the way who's saying that was sentenced to death they're going to hang his ass maybe
Yeah, like that's supposed to really change a couple of votes. I think so. No. No. Well, I like that was a surprise you know
I was surprised and of course in the midst of all of this none of these talking heads in the media discuss and who to help put them in there in the first place
Right what you're in gases own people who props up all the dictators, huh? We do. It's a who cares if they put them to death or give them a cookie
What difference does that make over here or over there? Oh sugar cookies Michael sugar cookies. Oh that's Sandy Payton Manningboy. She was the best.
When she when she and of course everybody in the place hated her like poison it I would be have a nice day except of course for the queen never met her. I never did either.
In fact, I was hoping to meet her and then right when I thought I was going to get chance to meet her she ran off with ambitious body. Remember that I do.
Thousand two votes on the poll and don't forget or don't say it in more knew man oh my dog today he was a real dumb ass. He missed his life back from Chicago. So we got back from two to four.
The biggest name of best talent. This is real Rogers for radio 560. You. Hey.
I'm on coming up the rejoin.
Okay.
I've a start rejoin on Q.I.M.
And it's like they see that we're lacking it before.
They probably have a time will be you by the.
No.
Is the one.
I don't.
No.
I don't.
I don't.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
A.
You.
You.
You.
I want to give everybody a spin!
No! No! No! No! No!
What's the spin?
How about one more Hail Mary, Fred? Oh, come on, that'll do it.
See, if you get people to perform rituals, man, then you got them.
Crossing themselves, doing their Hail Mary's, uh, whatever it is.
We're in the be- uh, the beanie on your head.
All of these things.
Ever see a Queenie wearing a beanie?
Yeah.
Paul Lee wants to know on CommonDreams.org, is there a method that Hagrid's having?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, what a mess we weave when we practice to the thief.
Is there a Methodan tag Hagrid's having?
Does it rot your teeth?
It is 2005 Barbara Walters interview.
Hagrid says you can eat all the food you want in heaven and never gain weight.
Oh, I want to go there now.
Can you shoot all the mess you want and never lose your teeth and grow emaciated?
What about unprotected sex with gay prostitutes?
You get divine protection against AIDS?
Or only if you give regular spiritual advice to the President to help the Republicans blame Gays
for Murk's family problems.
Now that Hagrid's been outed by a gay prostitute for having sex with him and buying meth
and as resigned as President of the National Association of Evangelicals,
I wonder what it will take for the good people in the pews to call leaders like Hagrid,
Jerry Falwell and James Dopson to account for their mean-spirited hypocrisy.
And maybe even to approach the world with more forgiveness and less vindictiveness,
I hope they will just move on to other seductive leaders who similarly project their fears and flaws on
whomever they choose to demonize.
It might be too much to hope, but maybe this is an opportunity for the rest of us to reach out to those who call themselves
born again Christians and challenge them to listen a bit more closely to the Jewish preacher
who is visioned men like Hagrid, Falwell and Dopson routinely profane.
Maybe they could even find some other lessons in those biblical texts to set their course by
the lessons that genuinely are prophetic voices like Desmond Tutu, Jim Wallace and Martin Luther King.
They have made a core vision that actually promotes human dignity instead of trampling it.
A lot of typos in that story, a lot of mistakes.
And like I'm supposed to as I'm going along correct the mistakes and sound like coherent in what I'm talking about.
No, but like you said, nobody's paying attention anyway.
So what difference does it make? What point?
As long as this voice is here baby, like that Jackass Roger Houston at the Meadows, the voice, what an ego, what a pompous ass.
What's the word I'm a dumbass?
That's the word of the day, dumbass.
Now you want to demand equal time Josh.
You ought to go in there and drop up a doll on the counter in front of you.
I'll go in a control room with Hank is on.
It's only right, isn't it?
That's correct.
And say if I'm a dumbass because I'm Mr. Flight, how come the mad dog ain't a dumbass?
Okay? And a hopper will look right at you and say, I guess what you ain't no mad dog.
Now what do you say?
Something like that.
Or it say bring in some of those donuts.
Yeah, the ones with the sprinkles, the ones that Benny has to meet yet.
We haven't seen that picture on that cartoon on our website by the way.
It's not really a cartoon, it's a picture.
It's well worth taking a puke at if you asked me, don't you think?
I mean, it's been on there a long time.
Sure.
But if anybody missed it, it's right under six crimes in the Vatican,
which I think is a perfect spot for, a perfect position.
Doesn't look like any, what's his name?
Mark Foldey's in a perfect position, least for him anyway.
Maybe not for that kid.
There were just Rastlin, isn't that what it's all about?
It's a Rastlin picture.
Yeah, it's a sports thingy.
And my Miss Foldey is saying relaxed, then.
It's just teaching the kid to wrestle.
Try the donuts with the sprinkles.
The biggest name, so best talent for this is real roach versus sports radio 560.
If you AM...
How young is too young?
But third, man.
We are going to break down the door.
My or our daughters.
We have 10 foot, shall you?
If you do not adhere, even make you disappear.
And as you do, it's the reason for you to...
We are going to pull out your nail,
who will screw in your skull,
or am I glows the cup of your tube?
They're towards your belasement house,
they're pushing everything out,
and there's not a single thing that you can do.
Tube, elevator,
price, push as you're not a king,
or you will go to the kitchen,
if you do not agree, who step in line?
Enjoy the brown short flight.
Or I will make you disappear tonight,
in a bunch of pukes or eyes,
who will have your tongue more,
who will drive us back to your feet and act.
You will better watch what you say,
but Stevie would go away,
or else we'll make you disappear,
because we can't.
But I have to repeat you with a rubber hose again.
But don't you want the body of audience and your dead?
All right.
Don't ask.
1132 and 560,
and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You know, and you pump up air, and you're a tire when your entire pressure would go down.
The air pump.
They sound like that.
It's something kind of an air pump.
Anyway, it looks like somebody is using one of those and inflating.
Like, God.
That was funny.
Hey, it had to be my TV set.
Nobody could be that gigantic.
Wait till you hear this speaking of all these vits that we've been playing.
Thanks to your prodding about fascist USA and all this hand.
And knock on your door and all these other paranoid exclamations.
A plan to fingerprint elementary school students when they buy lunch has some parents worrying that big brother has come to the cafeteria.
The Hope Elementary School District in Santa Barbara, California has notified parents that beginning this month, students had manifesto, the A.H.A.
and Hope Elementary Schools will press an index finger to a scanner before buying cafeteria food.
If you want to send them to the cafeteria, send them to the San Thadia.
The scan will call up the students names and student ID, teachers name, and how much the student owes in some received government assistance for food.
It's meant to speed up cafeteria lines.
It raises sanitary issues, privacy issues, it's kind of a well-being said teen a dammy, a parent of two and a Montevista Elementary.
It sounds kind of creepy, she says.
Currently, the information is written on paper and transfer to computers so reports can be compiled and sent to the state and federal governments which reimburse school districts for these subsidized lunches served.
It's so archaic to transfer something from a sheet of paper to a computer day by day.
Hope schools will superintendent Jerry Faw set told the Santa Barbara News Press.
A similar procedure is already used in the Santa Barbara School District where students punch a six-digit number into a keypad that calls up their name, photo, and other details including whether they have any food allergies.
Isn't that great?
Here in the awful state.
Here's a little birthday card from Liz.
Thank you, Liz. Happy birthday, funny or non-existent female listeners.
I'll keep listing as long as you and George keep talking.
What does it say?
It says, thanks, Liz. Of course I've never gotten an arbitrary diary.
Well, we wish you'd get a whole bunch of them for you and the whole family, Liz, for a bunch of people to make up, whatever.
The cover of this card is a chaining holding a shotgun.
I'll grab it.
Well, he's going out there tomorrow.
Liz sends presents.
Bull-like daughter.
Are you pardon?
A whole bunch of DVDs for Vu and Moa.
So I'll be sending them along.
What are they?
With Boca.
Oh, like Walmart, the real cost.
A lot of stuff that you've probably seen and the sum that you haven't.
A rack for sale, stolen Congress, the wall-mars.
Great, center belong.
I will.
Unconquered two pedal industry.
The wall-mars civil rights.
Who killed John O'Neill?
Wow.
Uncovered the whole truth about the Warner Racks.
Great, well, like I said, center belong.
I'm sending you matchpoint.
Thanks to Amazon.
Right.
I got a lot of money to do.
Matchpoint.
And maybe you can drag your watch it together.
Okay.
Doug Thompson writes for this election.
Here's mud in everyone's eye.
And or Doug Thompson, Kevin Little Blue,
Doug Thompson, your very favorite comments.
I love it.
I could turn your ass around on that website.
Well, you say hate that.
At least I used to say it.
I don't know why I said it.
That was all about.
But I say it.
You know what he got four hours a day and you don't take any stupid calls.
Or you're full of it.
Ask me if I missed those calls.
No.
No.
It's waste of time.
I mean, if you don't, sooner or later,
eventually no matter how slow you are or lazy or whatever,
it's sooner or later you've got to catch on.
You don't want to say it sooner or later?
Like the grassroots used to say.
And like Chikin' X said.
Yeah.
Sooner or later you've got to catch on.
Get with the program.
Doug Thompson says,
and older rule of politics used to say,
go positive in the final days of the campaign.
But in today's politics,
rules are made to be broken.
Here we are the day before a bitterly contested midterm election.
The mud is still flying through a variety of attack ads
that are booked through the time the polls close tomorrow.
Here in Virginia, the Senate campaign
between Republican and come to George Makacco with Alan
and Democratic Challenger Jim Webb is one of the dirtiest
I've seen in more than 40 years of covering politics as a journalist
and working inside the political system as an operative.
Alan and incumbent thought safest a few months ago
may go down tomorrow because of his personal bigotry
and professional corruption.
His stumble started when he called a native Virginia of Indian descent
Makacco, an increase in former classmates
at the University of Virginia came forward
to reveal Alan's racist rhetoric while attending college.
That might have been forgivable
had not Alan continued his racist ways after entering politics.
I've heard him call African Americans Niggers in 1984 and again in 1991.
Others have since come forward to reveal a long history of racism
and bigotry by the Virginia Senator.
But Alan is also a crook, an AP investigation revealed
he took millions in stock options from companies he helped block governor of Virginia.
Then he tried to cover it up by failing to report the options
on his financial disclosure reports.
You'd never know that Alan is the corrupt racist
though based on his unrelenting attacks on Webb
over novels that Democrat wrote 14 years ago.
Alan's campaign ads, paid for by the National Republican Senator of Committee,
accused Webb of sexually demeaning attitude toward women
and even being adeviant because his novels contains some
steamy sex scenes, steamy and seamy.
Our Greg Webb's novels, he's a hell of a writer and books about
dealing with a stress of Vietnam hits home to those who were there.
The scenes about how veterans treated wives and girlfriends after returning from that war
are frighteningly real.
But what a novelist writes a decade and a half ago is hardly important
and the fact that Alan is using it shows that
the inspiration of his campaign and the depths to which the Republicans are willing to sink
to try to hold on to power.
Alan's racism in college might have been his old story as well
having not continued to use racial epithets as a state legislator in Canada for Congress.
This is an election where Republicans have dug deep into the mud
this merely opposition, the blatantly racist and the Republican National Committee
went against Gerald Ford and Tennessee, soft to stir up southern stereotypes
of black man chasing white women and played on the fears of the ignorant
that make up so much of the GOP base.
I meet the press yesterday in North Carolina Senator Elizabeth Dole,
sucker puncher Democratic colleagues by claiming a Democratic victim on Tuesday
was a victory for terrorists and other enemies of the US.
A charge so slanderous that civility on the show evaporated
and host Tim Russell tried vainly for a call to call a time out.
The Democrats can't claim the high road they've launched vicious attack
heads based on misleading information as well as my own review of ads
by both sides showed the GOP with a three-to-one agent slinging the mud.
If Republicans managed to hold on to power tomorrow and they aren't say they won't,
they'll owe that for three to run into the most sleazy vile,
lies-filled campaign I've witnessed in 46 years.
Let's hope the voters see through the mud the lies and the sleaze
if they do tomorrow could be the first step to taking their government back
from the crooks and returning it to the people.
Okay, we're holding our breath, Doug.
Let me know what I can actually, I wouldn't say.
1772 votes on the pool. I think we're going to have like 1100 by noon.
Antigone, 11 by 12.
Kind of like the size of the hanks.
Like 11 by 12.
The biggest news of the best talent is losing out.
The first four-channel 560 UAM.
Just hang Goldberg, it's a hip-hoponymous.
I can't move out the kids.
Keep the cameras rolling.
Please, people don't preach.
I'm in new mommy.
People don't preach.
Cause I've got money.
So I sound a little loud.
I'm taking this baby.
Who a new African baby.
People don't preach.
I'm a good mommy.
People don't preach.
I've got the best money.
I'm a good mother.
I'm a baby.
Who a new African baby.
I got the perfect name for that kid by the way.
Antony.
What's your name?
Annibbig.
Oh, for that kid.
Ampere.
Yeah, they were kid.
11, 47, 13, and then we got Geltie for the mad dog.
It was a real dumbass and Mr. Sliveback.
And then get back in time to work today.
Well, I think I'm going to try that scam tomorrow, George.
Okay, Mr. Flight.
Yeah, I miss my camera back from Woodbuy.
Nobody will believe that.
Cause we all know you can fly under your own power.
Don't forget to change that pole around whenever you feel like it.
By the way, the new one's already up there for tomorrow.
So whenever the mood strikes you like four or five, six.
Oh, high last and deep ballot scanned early.
Coyote County election officials began scanning absentee balance today with the judges' permission.
Despite a request by state officials that counties hold off until election day.
About 70,000 ballots needed to be scanned in the county to state's most popular.
Coyote Election director Michael Hues said his office was determined to get through all of them today.
Even if it took till midnight.
Franklin County, which includes Columbus.
Also started scanning absentee ballots today, official said counties wanted to begin templating the ballots early because of a large volume turned in under a new state law,
liberalizing absentee voting.
Yeah, you know how Secretary of State's office?
I'm starting to get choked up now that I looked at that.
FLMs.
Those all of the cruncher, whatever those things were.
Oh, God, those things are just.
This should be against the law.
The Ohio Secretary of State's office initially directed counties not to scan absentee ballots before tomorrow.
But Coyote County, please judge Dan Gaul ruled Friday that all 88 counties could start today as long as security,
processing, and precautions were taken.
He sure got a lot of Gaul, don't he?
I'm setting it.
The Secretary of State's office at counties must secure access to scanning locations, ensure that two bipartisan oversees control absentee ballots.
And that total does not be disclosed until fools close tomorrow.
Secretary of State Ken Blackwell, the state's chief election official in crook, is the Republican candidate for governor.
He's responsible for a lot of the bloodshed in the world today.
He helped to fix that damn, Ohio election in 2004.
Ken Blackwell, not a self-hating dark guy.
Just like those self-hating Jews and self-hating fags.
There's just so much of that going on.
And there's more and more that classic door keeps slime open.
We find out about all those Republicans, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Hip-hop worshippers hope to spread the rap.
I'll ride.
First came the hip-hop mass.
Then a hip-hop prayer book.
And our group of hip-hop Christians are hoping to spread the word across the US and New CD that puts their service to music.
Kanye believe it.
The Yorker Piscopal priest of Reverend Timothy Holder, he's holding it, who goes by the rap name Papa T, created a hip-hop e-mass two years ago, after an armed hostage situation in the South Bronx church made him focus on the neighborhoods.
Younger generations.
Papa T.
How about Papa and a zit?
Using rap music and the hip-hop vernacular, he got the attention to some teenagers in your adults.
Going on to hold about 75 hip-hop inspired services around the country over the past two years, attracting from 12 to several thousand people.
But he hopes the CD produced by his rap flock will be used as the basis for more services, his rap flock.
If you don't have an altar in the street, you have nothing, hold away white middle age priests and nine year standing told Reuters.
Don't get me wrong, he said.
We're not replacing our substituting the Bible. We're bringing the story of the Bible to a younger generation and making a median upfront.
The CD titled and the word was hip-hop, hip-hop e-mass, features about 13 songs including I Am Hip-hop, Goddess in the House, and one mic, one life, one love.
Why?
Holders among growing up are religious leaders to use holy hip-hop to reach the younger generation.
Melding religion would language-dress in dance moves of the culture that was born on the streets of the Bronx about 30 minutes ago.
Hip-hop foreshippers hoped to spread their rap. They're a rapin' it baby, they're a rapin' it in Saran rap. I sure hope they rap it carefully.
What the hell is that?
To one love.
No.
One love.
Just one.
A little one.
Can you name this group?
One love.
Play it, yeah.
Carpenter.
Well, if you would let it play, I could have toured it to the current.
Oh, come on.
But right in the middle, she's like in the first half of the further.
Can you name that group and he chops it up? You are, you are, you are guaranteed. You'd never been down in water while I name that tune.
I'd mop the floor with that game show.
And I used it too when I was a little kid. Tom Kennedy, name that tune.
Wasn't he the host?
I remember that, I remember all the tunes.
What ever happened, well, first of all, there's almost no game shows on real ones anymore.
Oh, there's that deal or no deal.
What I said, there's no real game shows.
And the price is right.
The price is right.
You know, going on.
Still over the old Bobby Barker, whose outlive two of his announcers, they've just been raising.
And he just announced he was going to retire.
How come you didn't mention that?
He did?
Yeah. How could you miss that story?
Get out of here.
Bob Barker is retiring.
Bob Barker is retiring.
Yes.
Even Josh knows it.
I don't know.
Where the hell have I been hiding?
Up in Canadian in a cave.
What a dumbass.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, so much of that chalky, I'll just catch it.
You can enjoy a delicious meal while vacationing in beautiful Scotland!
You and a gasful fly, Roger Turtimoff and once the glass goes down, we'll be for a six-night day to luxury hotel.
Enjoy the grandeur of the city surroundings, restaurants and museums.
And Linda, the showcase, can be yours if the price is right.
Linda, I'll give you a moment to cogitate.
What do you think you want to bid on that showcase?
There he is. There's Bob Barker.
The reason he put it on is if he's going to retire.
You want to hear that voice maybe one last time.
One second happened about 10 years?
No. The end of whatever the current season is.
Oh no. That's at the last.
Bob Barker.
Are they going to continue to show without Bob?
Yeah, they're going to look good.
They'll probably try.
You know how that goes.
Oh yeah, just like look how good it works for family fueling.
Sure. Maybe they can get Louis B. Anderson on there.
Yeah.
Oh, let's see.
Tom Kennedy hosted named that tune 74-81.
Kathy Lee Gifford was a vocalist on the show.
Oh, God.
And what it went off the ear.
And John Harlan was the announcer.
See, I told you Tom Kennedy.
Now I tell you that I know my game show crab, Mr.
Let me tell you that right now.
I know my game shows.
In fact, I wonder if I'm on a game show.
Let me see.
Do you think I have the theme?
For what?
Price is right?
Name that tune.
Oh, that one.
Let's see.
Now.
No guts.
Maybe students.
Neither.
You don't got it?
Nope.
I'm going to have to get it.
Yeah, we're going to have to go out and find it.
Although I don't think we're bringing any bells to me.
Does it sound off like a meteor?
I do have no list.
That's a nice one.
Nice.
Right.
Barker.
Just trying to 100 years old is finally going to make up all the feet.
Well, I will tell you this.
In spite of the fact we turned on Dick Clark and rightfully so.
No, it's a mess.
Maybe you turned on Dick Clark.
I've never done this.
You never thought much of me.
I'm going to put that on here.
1100 votes on the pool today.
The pyramid was the best.
The pyramid was great.
You know what's the number of people you stay about?
I don't want to go through all of that.
Okay, that's old stuff against me.
It's your fault.
Your fault.
Get me down to that old stuff so we can retake that pool.
Oh, gee.
If you put that on it from the beginning.
We devoted it for that old stuff.
1100 votes.
How old is Bob Barker?
Holy cool.
How old do you say 81?
Let's see.
Wikipedia will tell us immediately.
In December 12, 1923.
So he's coming up on his birthday.
77 and 8 is 85.
He's almost 86.
Wow.
17 time Emmy Award winning American Television Game Show host.
And best known for hosting the prices of rights in September 4, 1972.
The longest running daytime game show in television history.
On October 31st, he announced he would retire from hosting the prices right.
Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, and haven't been intelligent for 50 years.
October 31st.
This is the first time you're mentioning it, like almost a week later.
Yeah, well, you know what they do.
I don't give a rat's house.
Get out of here.
I know damn well that when I'm sitting here reading all these articles that you pretend that you care about.
You're sitting there watching the prices right.
Oh, you are so...
And don't forget to add your pen to the New Year's in my parade in the state.
The pet population has rights to have your wife neutered.
The biggest name of the best talent in the business.
Can I get your wife neutered, girl?
For $5.60, she'll leave.
I am Frail, Yli, and I'm a rush laden.
And I like scrubbing my stomach, really, as with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Rohe, a monista hour.
Take high-end!
And yet you admitted that there were these CIA secret facilities.
So what, why is that not within the law?
The head of Amnesty International says secret sites are against international law.
And plus my job is to protect you.
And most American people, if I said that we had to, who we think,
the mastermind of the...
Now, whatever, they would say,
if you can't get information out of them without forcing, which is what we did.
I have the obligation to make sure that our professionals, who I would ask to go,
conduct interrogations to find out what might be happening, who might be coming to this country.
I gotta get the tools they need, and that is clear law.
This is an important point, and I think you're good to go.
The point I just made is the most important point.
And that is, the program is not going for it.
Maybe you can give a hypothetical about North Korea or any other country.
The point is that the program is not going to go forward if our professionals do not have
clarity in law, and the best way to provide clarity in the law is to make sure
the Attorney Treatment Act is a trust of the law.
That's how we define common article three.
It is such a good standard for the countries that you just talked about.
There will be no outrageous upon human dignity.
It's very vague.
What does that mean?
Outrage is upon human dignity.
What does that mean?
Provo 205-50 WDQ-A and tomorrow's your chance to just say to Bush and the Neocons.
That's what it's all about.
Every race, even for dog catcher, those people will say,
well, Bush is not a ballot tomorrow.
Sure he is. He's in every single race.
That's right.
He's on every race except the human one.
A radio talk show host was fired Friday after he made a derogatory comment about the weight
and sexuality of the Green Rainbow Party candidate running for Governor Massachusetts.
WRKO pulled host John DePetro from the year after he made comments Thursday.
It was an unspried he was fired to did.
In the context of what he said in the tone and which he said of the comments were completely inappropriate,
the derogatory and will not be tolerated said Jason Wolf, the vice president of AM programming
and operations for a station's owner, Enter Com Boston.
The Patriot Apolled us for his remarks about candidate Grace Ross.
He did immediately return the email request for comment Friday.
Ross was openly gay, laughed when she heard about it, but said the comment was offensive.
Big and fat, I guess that's supposed to be his way of saying he doesn't like somebody, she said.
He called her a big fat dyke.
After hearing the Patriot have been fired, she said,
I think the comment was offensive in general, so hope that many people who stay were offended by will help
set a standard of what political debate is supposed to be about.
The Patriot also been reprimanded by a station manager in July for using a slur, often aimed at homosexuals
and referenced to Matt Amarillo, the former chairman of the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority.
How do you like that?
I have no doubt that terminating John's employment was the right action to take Wolf's day.
Just because he called her a big fat dyke, maybe she is a big fat dyke, how do you like that?
Maybe the other guy from the Turnpike Authority is some kind of a silly, simple, fat guy. Who now knows?
Oh, what?
Yeah, right.
126 votes on the pool, including 39 who just hate.
They just hate. Not the pool, they just... they hate.
Only in nine people hate the pool.
That's not too bad when only you get.
How can you eat the pool? It's a freaking election, you morons.
A retired priest, so Bob Barker is going to retire, huh? Wow.
That is really. That means if I win the $36 million dollar lot on Wednesday,
maybe I won't be such a dumbass. Maybe. Huh.
We'll be a snort ass.
I bet you there'll be some people have like second thoughts about that.
John.
I think, boy, I wonder where that envelope is coming, where that big fat one in it.
Well, you could always just send him an envelope.
Yeah, so it's going to send you blank envelope, say, hey, guess what? I won the lotto.
$649, I won $36 million tax-free.
You could throw some confetti in there.
Yeah, throw up much of stuff and say, hey, aren't you happy for me?
A retired priest committed suicide by sending himself on fire
in a German monastery and protested at the spread of Islam and the Protestant Church's inability to contain it.
Ronald Weistelberg, or is that Heiselberg? I'm sure it is.
73 Port of Can of Petrol over his head and said, light to himself in the grounds of the Augustine monastery
in the Eastern City of Erfurth, Erfurth, where Martin Luther spent six years as a monk
at the beginning of the 16th century, long time ago.
Whitton, oh, the monk soon, man, I really missed that bad.
Witnesses said that Weistelberg climbed into a building site next to the monastery church
where a referentially service was being held.
He showed in Jesus an Oscar before the flames engulfed him. Oscar, he must have seen the odd couple.
Oh, it's big of old theme.
Contra.
Now, did you ever see the movie about what's his name or not?
Yes. It was pretty good. It was pretty good.
Yeah, even if it wasn't true, it was pretty good.
Well, nothing he said was true, but at least it was a kind of music.
It's entertaining.
The latter name, Oscar, was an apparent reference to Oscar Brusewitz, a priest who burned himself in 1976
and protested against the communist regime in East Germany.
Monastery staff tried to put out the flames on Weistelberg and he was still conscious
as an unpaid within before we'd taken the hospital he died the last Wednesday a day later.
He was...
BAAAMING!
And then again, our most priests kind of like, are you sure?
BAAAMING!
Meeting reports that he had tried to kill himself inside the church, but changes his mind
when he found that the side door was locked.
The provost of Airfort, Elfried Bechrich, told reporters that Hezler Ezzelberg's widow
had said that he killed himself because he was allowed to dispred of Islam and the church's stance on the issue.
She described Hezlberg as an erudite man who had addressed repeatedly the church's position on Islam
and meetings over the past three to four years.
He had written to were urging her to take the matter more seriously.
What are we going to do about these Schmatteheads?
They protested in Bishop of Saxony, Axel, Noak, said the suicide has shocked the community
and that he hoped to win her relations between Christians and Muslims.
Yeah, how sensitive they are to get very uptight.
Yeah, they're the murderers.
They're the murderers.
We in the East are still among ourselves when we discuss Islam, said Bishop Noak, adding that there weren't many Muslims in the area.
Thanks God.
Relations with Muslims have been a matter of intense debate in Germany in recent months,
stoked by the cancellation of the Mozart opera in Berlin amidst fears that could provoke Muslim violence
and a speech by Pope Orroxy in September in which he quoted from a medieval text
like in the spread of Islamic faith to violence.
The Berlin-Durch opera, a sedable stage of the opera, which has a scene showing the severed heads of the Prophet Muhammad, Jesus, and Buddha.
At least they give equal time anyway for Christ's sake, the severed heads.
Don't forget your wife and your wife's point.
And that's the best you can do in the midst of all this crap.
That's right.
That's so good that I read all this in the sanity every day to show you that the world is a...
But no, no, no, no, no.
Crazy place for a crazy people.
Crazy people.
That's what it's all about.
Rising affluence is made about 60 million Chinese equal to the population of France, obese, state-mediacity, fat Chinese.
I used to think like, you know, you see the sumo wrestlers are Japanese, they're interested in fat Japanese.
But usually you think the Chinese is being skinny.
Most Japanese are thinnets up for the sumo's who go to great lengths to get that big.
Right.
Well, maybe that's what Hank aspires to me.
He used to go to Japan and be talking to me with.
That was funny.
Shinwaniw's agency quoted Pan Belai, a deputy director with the government affiliate of state food and nutrition consultant committee.
I wonder if he or she is akin to Eric Bolai, the great Italian harness racing driver.
As saying that worsening diets had led to health problems including obesity and increasing number of Chinese
are reading more fat and junk food, but less grains and vegetables leading to a high number of cases of high blood pressure and diabetes.
Pan was quoted as telling conference on food consumption health and beijing.
Pan said, a widening wealth of a gap meant that increase in the number of obese people came as
20 for-maging people in China still have an abject poverty and suffer malnutrition.
Neverwing the regional income gap.
In fact, that's what you ought to do, are we?
You get a lot of free food in there like you got again today and you were chomping out shamelessly earlier.
You got to go on the year and say, hey, if there's any starving people out there, come to the studios and we'll throw you some scraps out the door.
No.
Neverwing the regional income gap will have improved the diet of people in poverty, stricken areas, pan said.
I wonder if he's akin to Peter Pan.
Because of the four eating habits, the quarter of the Ministry of Health statistics last year,
160 million Chinese had high blood pressure up from 90 million to 91 and 20 million had diabetes.
I guarantee it's a lot more than that.
It's a lot more.
It's not good to get diabetes.
Let me tell you right now, I sure know about it.
I didn't have a pint of ice cream yesterday, it was a bad idea.
It was a bad idea.
What?
It was a super fun chunk of that.
You're right, it's stuck, I hate that.
I don't even like it.
I don't even like it.
Oh, that makes it better.
Well, no, I should have gotten my banana nut, but I don't want to keep getting that because you know, you're hooked on it and you don't want to keep getting it.
You know, it's like you maybe doing a little heroin now instead of smoking all that dope all the time.
I'm saving heroin for when I'm old and in the wheelchair.
Oh, because when?
In the next week?
What else are you going to do?
Yeah, exactly.
1138 votes, I think we'll have 12.
We got 13 left today, don't we?
We got 13 and we're left.
Want to be a good number?
Maybe it'll be a real good number, machine number 13 today.
I don't think so.
Voted best massage and personal trainer for the years, 2000, 2001 and 2002 by readers of the community newspaper Outfront Colorado begins the personal ad for Mike Jones.
The escort who revealed they had sex with evangelical, either the now disgraced and finally admitted the anxious Reverend Ted Hagrid.
It was looking pretty Hagrid this weekend.
I'll tell you that.
Hag rhymes with gay, fag.
Jones, whose revelation subsequently led to Hagrid's confessionality enjoyed a massage and bought methamphetamines.
He was massaging his ego, baby, or maybe his f*** still has a bio in AOL hometown and they put it on here on the roster in Ola.
So it was pretty raw.
Is this roster at well?
Yeah, it is.
And his pictures of this queen here.
I offer a deep tissue and Swedish style.
I do like Swedish meatballs.
I'll tell you that.
Not his.
Who does it?
God.
Can you believe that Tom Brady had three balls tipped in the game last night?
I thought, you know, I mean, I knew he was really good, but when he got three balls and then he had a fourth one picked.
I offer a deep tissue and Swedish style massage with the pleasure of the man in mind.
Jones writes in his profile.
If you like a strong muscle man to bring pleasure to you, then please call me.
I'm a muscle stud with a friendly personality and a caring heart, a caring part.
When the Broadway show plays in town, the cast and crew call upon me for massage.
When the Broadway show plays in town.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Alright.
Maybe even things from the show tunes, you think?
Wow.
Through fairy.
He is gross.
Close to show you.
I give him credit though, when anybody looks in the mirror and sees that they got that crater face and like all fall in a parting and ugly.
And got a really nasty shapeless body too when he come right down with.
Anyway, you'll enjoy my next point.
You'll like what's your name Scarlett Johansson.
And I like Jonathan Reese some Myers.
I could just watch her walk around and stuff.
Well you will.
Good.
You'll see lots of her in there and then you'll understand why he becomes so smitten with her.
I mean just chill.
So say that I'll be smitten.
Well at least he had good tasting.
All of his wife has kind of me is.
But he married into a very wealthy family.
Very rich.
Isn't that the way to do it?
See the real way to do it would be, of course, you know, nothing in life is perfect.
But if you can marry into a real wealthy family that's some hot chick then you really got to me.
That's the way to do it.
Like Josh for example, his is a Russian girlfriend.
I'm sure her family is just loaded.
Well not with money.
Are they loaded?
Well the Russian.
With vodka.
Oh.
That's what I meant.
Dumb ass.
Talk 13 at QAM.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Neil Rogers, Force Radio 560, QAM.
Hey boys and girls.
It's me, Terrell Owens.
It's time for T.O. Spare Tales.
Here's one of my favorites.
Little Jack Horna sat in a corner.
Wide open all day long single coverage and through pretzel came to get the moral to him.
I'm open, man, I'm open.
Wait, that's not how little Jack Horna goes.
That's because they T.O. Spare Tales.
Here's another one.
Simple Simon, Metapymon who couldn't cover the taller, stronger, more athletic to Mayor Owens.
Nobody could cover me.
He's not even champ Bailey.
Who is champ Bailey?
They're right.
Who he think he is.
Who champ Bailey?
Who he think he is?
He's scared of me.
Sixties-one-out.
Little Miss Muppet sat on the top of it.
Board off my ass because Bill Puff sales wants to run the ball all game.
Folks don't come to say him.
See that?
They want to see T.O.
Run the post-pallon to the end zone and score just down.
There they go.
Shut up.
Here's a short one.
Bob-Bob Blacksheep.
I want to be traded.
No more anyone is out of here.
I don't need you all.
I don't want you all.
I'm out.
Okay, the hand case.
From 19 to 560.
That could be the cowboys that lost to the redskins on the last minute field goal.
I guess they 22 19.
Could it?
That was pretty sweet.
Just when they thought that they were going to kick the game when they field goal.
I'll block.
Sorry.
And then there's the penalty on top of it.
1157 votes on the pool.
Guess who died, George.
Somebody you never heard of.
Okay.
Ernestine Gilbruth Carey.
Hope.
Who is lighthearted memoir, cheaper by the dozen.
Detailed a frenetic life of a family with 12 children and inspired several films has died.
And she was only 98.
Oh, what's he died from?
The Spring Chicken.
Carey died of natural causes.
Saturday at St. Agnes Medical Center in Fresno, California.
Her son Charles Carey Jr. said.
Sheeper by the dozen, which Carey co-wrote where their brother Frank Gilbruth became a bestseller
who was published in 1948.
See, here's another old quote with old crap again.
Old crap.
Really old.
The book documented the adventures of the Gilbruth clan, which included six sons and six daughters,
and parents early in more Gilbruth than Frank Bunker Gilbruth.
Managed from experts who focused on the science of motion study and industrial efficiencies.
Sheeper by the dozen was adapted in the film star and clipped in web,
Jean Crane, Murnal Law in the early 50s, and was remade in 2003 with Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt.
A sequel followed in 2005.
I didn't see it, but if Steve Martin was in it, you know it sucked.
The siblings also co-wrote bells on their toes, which was also turned into a film.
Filmed.
She had only two children and herself have to take care of younger siblings for much of her life when her father died,
while she was still a teenager.
The third of her family's 12 children, she outlived nine of her siblings.
Why in fact, 98?
Isn't that great?
Yes, sure.
Well, look at her, the projections on the earliest polls, speaker.
What about the Simmons?
I think four or five seats.
It's a very reasonable prediction.
Six seats, of course, is a majority.
That could still happen.
Yeah, yeah, we know.
But I mean, Peter Bobito, everybody's got predictions and polls.
We'll see what happens tomorrow.
We'll see if they bring any real machines out the Count Nut writer.
And we'll see who turns out.
Wouldn't you think, based on all the things that have been going on these last five years,
wouldn't you think in a country where people give a crap about anything that would be this gigantic turnout
and that the public would be like just climbing over each other and just say,
the bush, wouldn't you be thinking that?
Okay.
Yeah.
One could only hope.
You never know, maybe that'll happen.
Maybe Josh will go vote tomorrow.
Yeah, I'm going to go with George.
I'm driving to get away, Clark.
Dave said, I heard Neil Spirits say,
I'm speaking about a lack of birthday wishes early on the show.
I dropped off a card and give to Freaky Curls on Friday.
Did you get them from him, maybe Josh P. Stave?
Yes, sending it to the book is next package.
Well, what is it?
The card?
What's the gift?
A cash gift of like millions?
What's the gift?
I don't know.
I didn't open it.
It's over here.
It's with the card.
What's in the box?
You want to read the book?
It seems to be a book based on the dimensions of it.
Oh.
Well, send it along.
I don't know whether you want.
It's gift wrap.
So I figured, you know, you might want to unwrap it.
Yeah, wrap it.
It's a ritual.
Dan from Army Beach Festival says I couldn't more about green more about grabbing him this
time which has gotten progressively worse since I moved here over 20 years ago.
I've lived in many big cities, New York, LA, Amsterdam, Netherlands, not New York, and
some very populated cities in South America.
Miami is definitely the worst traffic I've ever seen.
I guess Dan's never been in Rome.
Holy moly, rat man.
I live on the beach of my office and locate on a commercial area in the same building.
We rarely have to drive anywhere.
And when I do it's usually only a few miles at the most.
I avoid 95 like to play candymacks and have him commute in this town.
Like all those poor saps probably still sitting in their cars says Dan.
Sorry folks, Dan's a hard ass but he's got a good point.
Yeah, if you don't have to drive, don't do it.
Every time you get behind a wheel of your car, you're like putting your life in jeopardy
as Alex Tobbeck would say.
And God, do I hate that show?
Once he's going to retire.
Silly conuck.
The answer is, oh.
Now what was the other guy I heard from him?
Okay.
So he goes to show if I screw up enough times on that family.
You know, eventually I remember the name, art Fleming, the original host and jeopardy like
100 years ago, more old crap.
1160 votes on the poll.
How important are Tuesday's elections to you?
Very important.
Mouli important, they 554.
Life and death, 235.
Life and death.
I have no life.
235.
Somewhat important, 152.
Not at all.
73.
What?
Me worry?
54.
Not much 50.
Yeah.
Take it or leave it.
I hate this poll 9 and I just hate 41 out of 1188 votes.
1188 and 41.
Hate.
Pretty sad, ain't it?
There are some nice people around.
Just when you're in Florida, you have to travel long distances to find them.
Like maybe go up a river there to an entry.
Oh, I did.
I did.
I did.
I guess something I'm not playing at, though, because there's a lot of language in
that.
You said to me, you ought to tape this one.
Deliverance was on this morning before the show.
Yeah, for the audio.
And I'm saying, I was taping the audio, but there's a lot of language in here.
I don't want to just tap it on there and see what they'll say on here.
You want to lift and clip off all the good parts.
Other wiretaps.
We don't deserve any nano-prison.
What was that?
That sounded like a Rolex commercial.
He and his friends at their team.
Oh, there's spots before the movie actually you got going again.
Right, how is it?
It's in birth to a baby, right?
She had just given birth to a baby on Thursday, a six pound.
Oh my God.
You got a little bit of everything in here, okay?
That's good.
The amount.
Call 1-800.
Lot of spots.
The prod market.
Definitely not.
Wow.
What the hell was that?
That ain't it either, isn't it?
Maybe I never recorded it and I just thought I did.
Think that's possible.
Why didn't you do more to put in Latin and Al Qaeda out of business when you were president?
So you did Fox's video on this show.
You did your last little conservative hit job on me.
Well, I want to know what you're doing.
No way, no way, we're going to question.
You don't know.
I'm going to make a question.
It was a perfectly legitimate question, but I want to know how many people in the bush
and they're just trying to ask this question.
Yeah, it's really interesting to notice that bubble was up there in entry, huh?
Yeah.
And?
All right, here we go.
I'm probably going to board something out.
Now let's you just drop them fake.
All right.
Like that?
That was well worth it, wasn't it?
At any price?
They don't say anything.
Did the hell they don't say right here?
I was listening very closely this morning.
Yeah.
It's always very funny.
It's a very clean scene.
Yeah, okay.
Whatever you say.
Painy.
The nice known.
Pichin'le.
26 after a noon at 5.60 WQAM.
It's a great Monday, man.
Tomorrow's the election day.
And then once we get after that, then what?
Then there'll be a lot of gnashing and rehashing and like the post game show and the
analization, you know, it's a whole panel on there to analyze what went right and what went wrong.
Who did this?
It's Charlie Kriss really?
Yeah.
What that be something we're going to be electing looks like our first gay governor, at least, you know,
that anybody knows about in Florida history.
What that be, a real corker?
Yeah, right.
We have a Tennessee.
They're trying to say corkers like 12 points ahead.
And then I'm reading this morning that it's only like two to four points.
It seems to me that even for those red necks in Tennessee, I mean, her four junior, his family is very, very prominent Tennessee family politically.
And he's a pretty like complex.
I mean, he's just barely a shade darker than what you call it.
You know what I'm talking about?
Who?
I don't know.
He's just barely even mocha, Harold Ford, junior.
Who?
If you're expecting guest this holiday season, then it's a great time to now 1-800 mattress plus its Dalmat-fusus 30th birthday.
About 30, man.
And to celebrate Dalmat-fus and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons Videarest Pillow Top.
You can choose from yourself for this biggest selection Simmons Videarest Pillow.
And get same day delivery too, like always.
Call Dalmat-fusus at 1-800 mattress for factory direct prices and award winning a service with no nonsense.
With Dalmat-fusus, all you do is choose the date and time you want that new mattress delivered any day of the week, seven days from 8-8-10-10-PM, even the same day that you call.
And Dalmat-fusus reads it delivers every time.
That's why the ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
Why have been using them for years and why just about everybody at QAIM uses Dalmat-fusus when it's time to replace the lumpy old saggy mattress.
On the web check them out at mattress.com or just call them tool free.
The easiest and smartest piece of shopping you can ever do 1-800 mattress. 1-800 MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Stu Pindus Saving.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Neil Rogers for 20560 QAIM.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
I'm gonna talk and vote, gonna do my typical things.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
The best talent in this year is the best talent in this year.
Yeah, I'm here to talk to people at the mall that we sell.
This race is too close to call.
I'll be in the press of my candidates because there ain't no cure for election day.
Will the format of Toby said we really need your money?
Well, as you can, our company we can win the Tuesday.
Yeah, people not the cash and got the check of my life.
The senator was called with a woman not his wife.
Now I know my kid is day for the list.
I'm not gonna say no cure for election day.
So, 33 on my back pages, that's gonna be the autobiography of Miss Foley.
When you think, oh boy, 1190 votes on the pool, 1190.
Well, well, four Wayne, W-O-W-O, four Wayne comma, talky, baby.
Newark, New Jersey.
Prosecutors want a former Newark teacher accused by a student of infecting him with the virus that causes AIDS to be tested for the disease.
Austin Van, 29, a former music teacher at Westside High School in Newark, was indicted last week, accused of sexually abusing a student who now has AIDS.
The Essex County Prosecutors' Orifice said,
Van faces up to 30 years in prison and 14 charges including sexual assault and contact, official misconduct, child welfare endagement, giving drugs and vues to a child,
and failing to notify a sexual partner, then he had HIV.
Mr. Van Zleitz conduct involving a former student was vial and has forever changed his young man's life.
So, Essex County prosecutor Paul Adau, my office has zero tolerance for these brazen acts and will prosecute these matters and they fullest extend the law she'd be saying.
Van could immediately reach for comment, North Dakota's attorney Raymond Brown, Paul Lorra Kett, spokesman for the prosecutor's office, said that he can told authorities he's only had unprotected sex with Van and the prosecutor's plan to ask the judge to order Van to want to go an AIDS test.
The student believes the frequent unprotected sex with Van led him to contacting the virus.
Essex County assistant prosecutor Mark Ali said the indictment covers a period from September 2000 to June 2004, where the initial incident happening in December 2000,
when the then 14-year-old male was pushed against a high school wall and sexually abused.
The student graduated in 2004 and tested positive for HIV in May of 2005, which is when the prosecutor's office said it was notified.
The former student, now 20 prints, to file a civil lawsuit against Van in the school district,
a state of appeals court in August, given the right to file a lawsuit even though he missed a legal deadline to do so.
The court said an extraordinary circumcise is surrounding the case when granting the right to file suit.
How do you like that?
The music teacher, I guess he was singing some sweet music, pushed him against the wall and sexually dumbed him.
Maybe he had a real party mouth.
Could be.
Oh, now you're trying to egg me on and play more of that crap?
Yes, I am.
Going for a drop?
Yes?
Just taking a ride off.
What's this all about?
Don't say anything.
You can do it.
Just do it.
That's right.
Just do it.
The scariest movie ever.
Well, at least it's true though.
I mean, that's that part of the country that part of the woods.
Uh-huh.
You heard that expression, this neck of the woods?
Well, that neck of the woods.
That's how I came to be reared in the South.
Yeah, reared.
Don't get stride, just read.
Still sore about it.
Paul Krugman limiting the damage.
He said, President Bush is not in the ballot tomorrow, but this election is nonetheless all about him, to which I would say.
Absolutely.
The question is whether voters will pry his fingers loose from at least some of the levels of power.
Thereby limiting the damage he can inflict in his last few many years in Orphus.
There are still some people urging Mr. Bush to change course.
For example, a fleeting editorial published yesterday by the military times, which calls on Mr. Bush to fire Donald Remsfeld.
It's clear that this is not about the midterm elections, but the editorial's often sure we know better than that.
Mr. Bush won't fire Remsfeld.
He won't change strategy in Iraq.
He won't change course at all unless Congress forces him to do it, to be doing it.
At this point, nobody should have any illusions about Mr. Bush's character.
To put it bluntly, he's an insecure bully who believes that owning up to a mistake, any mistake, would undermine his manhood.
And who therefore lives in a dream world in which all of his policies are succeeding and all of his officials are doing a heck of a job.
Just last week he declared himself pleased with the progress we're making in Iraq.
In other words, he's a sort of man who should never have been in position of authority, level on being given the kind of unquestioned power, free from normal checks and balances that he was granted after 9-11.
But he was a last given that power as well as a prolonged free ride from much of the news media.
The results have been predictably disastrous.
The nightmare in Iraq is only part of the story.
In time, the degradation of the federal government by rampant cronyism, almost every part of the executive branch I know anything about, from the EPA to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been themified.
It may come to be seen as an equally serious blow to America's future.
And it should be a matter of intense national shame that Mr. Bush has quietly abandoned his fine promises to New Orleans and the rest of the Gulf Coast.
The public which violated around Mr. Bush after 9-11 was still prepared to give him the benefit of it about two years ago seems to have figured most of this out.
It's too late to vote Mr. Bush out of office, but most Americans seem prepared to punish Mr. Bush's party for his personal failings.
This is in spite of a vicious campaign in which Bush has gone further than any previous person, even Richard Nixon, in attacking the patriotism if anyone criticizes him or his policies.
That said, it's still possible that Republicans will hold on to both houses of Congress.
The fading frenzy over John Kerry's boxed joke showed that many people in the news media are still willing to be played like a fiddle.
And if you think the timing of the Saddam verdict was coincidental, I've got a terrorist plot against the Brooklyn Bridge to sell you.
Moreover, the potential for votes of pressure and an outright electoral fraud remains substantial.
And it'll be very hard for Democrats to take on the Senate for the very simple reason that only a third of the seven seats are on the ballot.
What if the Democrats do win? That doesn't guarantee a change in policy.
The Constitution says that Congress and the White House are co-equal branches of government, but Mr. Bush and his people aren't big on constitutional niceties.
Even with a DASILE Republican majority controlling Congress, Mr. Bush has been in the habit of declaring that he has the right to disobey the law he's just signed, whether it's the law-preventing torture, a law requiring that he hire qualified people to run FEMA, whatever law might be.
Just imagine them what they'll do if faced with demands for information from, say, congressional Democrats investigating war-profit tearing, which seems to have been rampant.
Sorry, crack it in knuckles again.
Actually, we don't have to imagine what House Dredidus has already told time magazine the administration plans a cataclysmic fight to the death if Democrats in Congress try to exercise the right to wish his subpoenas, which is long heck of a metaphor.
He even, Mr. Bush's history of giving American service members trapped in cataclysmic fights where the deaths are anything but metaphors.
But here's the thing, no matter how hard the Bush administration may try to ignore the constitutional division of power.
Mr. Bush's ability to make deadly mistakes is rusted in part on GOP controller Congress.
That's why many Americans, myself, included will breathe a lot easier if one party rule ends tomorrow.
That's a poor firm in the Senate, that's on his swish list.
Got it? Crack it in knuckles and we're going to send your ass up to entry.
I don't know my way of doing it.
Just drop him, boy.
Now, if you wonder how, how may the media made it from that scene to the boardroom of IT and TN Networking,
which movie was first?
Good, we're going to be delivering deliverance to network.
Network was a 76 or 72 and one of them was 72 and one of them was 76.
Godfather was 72.
George McGovern was 72, that didn't work out too good.
What was it?
Deliverance 72, Network 76.
Wow.
But when I tell you, when I tell you, never came later, took him four years to heal up.
So I guess he walked both like it to that boardroom.
20 to 1 at 560 WQM, we warn you that the mad dog being the dumbass that he has, he missed his flight back from Chicago,
so he didn't count.
So Gellie's going to be two to four.
Bring back some really memory, some serious memories, all of them really bad.
Remember those memories from how long was that?
A year and a half?
Oh, God.
Hey, don't forget now, it's lobster fest every weekend to be Friday through Sunday at the Amrocos,
the best by a million miles Chinese buffet in South Florida, with three locations for you.
They're in sunrise, Pember Pines and Sunny Island.
Over a hundred different items featured at Amrocos, amazing buffet, six gourmet soups, delicious, succulent, juicy, New York steak, a steak grill, the order,
hand carb primer, there's sushi, traditional Asian dishes, a salad bar, and a...
...seal bar.
And their dessert bar is really spectacular.
Weekends, featured the 40-inch mouthwatering chocolate fountain, handed out your good fruits in there,
man, your strawberries and all kinds of good stuff, marshmallows, cheesecake, other decadent treats,
in loads of milk chocolate for dessert, a fantastic way to win the real pig-out at the Amrocos,
which still uses only healthy cholesterol, fake and oral, never any MST or cornstarch, no crap, no pounding headaches,
when you leave just a big fat puppet.
And right now, when you go in as a party of four asks for the Neal deal, you'll get $5.60 set off your total check with four-pang adults.
Amrocos opened for lunch and dinner daily, call 954-572-3822.
954-572-3822 for reservations, and don't forget every day is a Neal deal day, and every Friday through Sunday,
it's lost to best only at the Amrocos Chinese buffet.
The biggest name, the best talent to be the best is Neal Rogers, four-pang, 506-8-am.
Lord even loves Neal Rogers.
Yeah, we know.
We are right now, what are you saying, right?
Neal, good.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Yeah, we're at the TVN. Maybe Paul Crouch is going to alter out a couple of F-bombs, huh?
Lighty.
Being sick and bad, which I watched for the past couple of weeks is bad enough for right-sale porter,
but being sick and bad while living in a political combat zone, in this case, the sixth congressional district,
is enough to make you want to kill somebody.
My God, the phone call, she says, just as I'd begun to drift off the sleep, the phone would ring,
and would be at another Dan computerized message about lowest Murphy.
One, two, three, four times a day, it's seen the phone rang with robo calls about the Democratic challenger to incumbent GOP representative Jim Gurlach,
and one of the nastiest races in the country.
I never listened to a word of it, just slammed the phone down and seized with resentment.
Now, there's an effective campaign strategy I thought, and period the voters so much that they won't vote.
What part of do not call don't campaign advertisers again?
Sure, political speech is exempt from FCC regulations, preventing unwanted phone solicitations,
but since most Americans consider unsolicited calls and evasion of privacy, why would anyone campaign flawed voters with free fabric rhetoric?
Yet the tactic, yes, the tactic is cheap, in many cases, pennies of phone call,
compared with a $15 to $30 an hour, polls used have to pay for telemarketers to call the old-fashioned way.
There are dozens of online computerized call firms available to do the duty work,
and it's much cheaper, and it costs the media market, such as Philadelphia, to use robo calls and paper TV ads.
But if they annoy voters rather than lighten them, what's the point?
That's what I asked lowest Murphy's campaign yesterday, and the answer was simple, it wasn't us.
Only three recorded calls have been made on behalf of Murphy's campaign, including one from Governor Rendell,
which is sponsored by the Democratic State Committee.
The rest, a dirty trick by the Republicans in Communication Director Amy Bonabitus.
The calls which begin by offering important information about lowest Murphy are designed to mislead voters,
into thinking the messages from a her or most recipients find down the phone before finding out otherwise, then call to complain.
We've gotten a ton of complaints starting two weeks ago, Bonabite said.
Some of our biggest supporters, I don't know how to pronounce her name.
If you call me again, I'm not voting for lowest.
Great behalf, great technical, and behalf of the gearbox campaign, then.
Not so said John Gensel, Communication Director, we've only done a handful, maybe five in last couple of months.
Right.
So if your phone is ringing off the hook, it's disconnected.
More games and more dirty tricks in the stew.
Let's just see if we can't piss people off it off, so they won't vote for whoever the hell it is.
Some schmuck.
Ford Motor Company said Thursday that it stopped buying pig iron from an Illinois company after a news organization found
that a Brazilian supplier of charcoal needed to make the raw iron used slave labor.
Oh, not in Brazil.
In addition, General Motors Corp, Denver Chrysler's AG Chrysler, Group Toyota Motor Corp and other auto makers and suppliers,
are we examining their supply chain in the wake of the findings which were outlined last Thursday in a 6800 ward, Bloomberg News Story.
Bloomberg reported that thousands of Brazilians were forced to work in oppressive conditions to produce charcoal used to make pig iron,
and the reading of steel.
The pig iron is bought by brokers and sold steel makers and foundries that sell it to companies that make vehicles,
thanks refrigerators and other products.
Despite malaria and chronic cough, Alexander Pereira dos Rios, 32 city works long days, shoveling charcoal out of a kiln
near the city of Tukuri in the Brazilian Amazon without getting paid.
This hits you hard, those raised told Bloomberg.
I would leave if I could, but I need the work.
Many workers spend their nights in lean-toos, they make from plastic sheeting, they throw over branches,
and places open to rain and snakes.
Bloomberg said drinking unclean water from stagnant pool shared with cattle, food is scarce,
and many people die in the poor working conditions.
The amount of pig iron in vehicles that could be linked to slave labor is small,
a fraction of 1% of all supply purchases, 4 in G and by $155 billion in global parts,
the amount of questions up to 8.2 million in pig iron.
Well, I sure hope the Gary Surname driving a car that's got pig iron.
You think so?
That wouldn't be bad.
That would be bad.
That's not good.
Bloomberg said four to planks make a whirlpool and coer company which makes things in baths
of used steel, praise to the charcoal, camping, and the basil, how the officials say uses slaves.
All of purchase pig iron from the importer national material trading company,
which is supplied by the camp Bloomberg said, coer also said it's going to investigate.
And it goes on and on.
Slave labor, I can't believe there's a, you know, since Kathy Lee, I've messed up,
I can't believe there's any sense things going on, can you?
No.
Except the QIM.
The judge said.
Yeah, just as Josh, he's a dumbass, he's working for like two bucks an hour.
He's, he's waiting for the envelope and he's coming.
Unless I win that 36 million on Wednesday, then I can afford the envelope.
It's only about two cents.
Look at that.
We got one, two, two, two.
I think we got a shot of 1300 today, don't you?
If we don't get to 1300 by two o'clock, I'm, I'm not coming back tomorrow.
I'm going to fly away.
I'm going to miss my plane.
Yeah.
How important are the Mars elections to you?
225 votes, very important, 587.
Life and death, 242.
Life and death, these are the people are going to vote 100 times all against Bush.
Somewhat important, 159.
Not at all, 79.
What, me worry 56.
Not much 51.
I hate this pool still only the same number.
Yeah, and I just hate 42.
See, that's a good alternative.
We're learning something.
I mentioned it on Friday, didn't I?
We ought to have like another category.
I just hate.
Not to pull necessarily, whatever it is we put on there, they just hate it.
Because they hate us, they hate themselves, they hate everything.
Kind of like they're self-hating facts that the log cabin Republicans, I think they got the log, the wrong log in mind.
You know what?
I think that's what they thought that meant.
They want to put their log cabin in the, in Germany's first comment on the conviction sentencing to death of former Racky Dictator Sodom was saying,
Chancellor Angela Merkel said yesterday her government did not approve the death penalty.
That's what they're saying all over the EU, even Tony Blair said that.
Leave it to those Germans to be against the death penalty.
On the other hand, it was right, the era of Sodom where she was being reviewed in the courts, she said.
Merkel spoke after attending a special cabinet meeting in Berlin on Germany's upcoming EU presidency.
Germany is abolished, it's been regularly criticized as it's used by the nations, including the USA, the barbaric US.
Because the trimmings are civilized and they don't believe in killing people.
Oh, I got a good stir, but I don't have time for it right now.
Okay.
In America's ABC blacklist, the real straight, it was on our website.
And of course, if you people would spend a lot more time reading the stories on our website, you'd actually know what else going on.
Then you'd be really depressed, probably blow your brains out.
So don't get too carried away with it.
Oh, Josh, Josh ain't too happy about the fact that George got my hot mail all straightened out there.
How did I do that?
I overdue it with the stories this weekend or were they okay?
They were just fine.
Let me take a look.
Oh, no, not too bad.
I don't really, I pay no attention.
I just keep punching them out, punching them out, lending them out, punching them out.
Click, click, click.
Like those funny ballots in Ohio, when in dot punch them out.
All of a Saturday, I think I got a little bit carried away.
Looks like a pretty long list on there.
And there's no point in doing it because on the weekend, I mean, everybody even a crowd that says they hate sports, they're watching football, right?
Right.
Or doing something.
Maybe they have a life, maybe they find a life on a weekend.
Because we just, we get a fraction of the readership on the stories on a weekend that we do it during the week, which means I guess I'm going to cut way back on a weekend.
And say maybe Josh, two, three hundred stories a day on a week, weekdays.
And I make more sense to you.
Yeah, not really.
Because we got that big audience out there during the week, at least we used to.
We sure as hell used to, man.
I remember all we had to do was fart on this show.
And the whole town knew exactly what it was.
We all had for breakfast, right?
That's right.
Everybody in town was at the water cooler at the, you know, that's right.
They were doing it.
They were trying to emulate it.
They were trying to match that.
And in fact, remember the show we were talking about before, named that tune?
Sure.
Name that fart.
Right.
Oh, that was Neil.
That was your horn, baby.
He's tutin' his own again.
He's tutin' it.
Remember Rudy Kazoo-Dee?
Who?
Rudy Kazoo-Dee.
No.
I can't believe of all things.
I mean, you know, every cartoon character that's ever been invented in a cartoon.
A cartoon character?
Rudy Kazoo-Dee.
Yeah, I don't know.
Sorry.
And you're right.
I thought I didn't know all of them.
Yeah.
Going back to the Betty Boop days when they all had spaghetti arms.
Rudy Kazoo-Dee.
I'm googling it right now.
Well, I'm telling you, I'm quick.
Rudy Kazoo-Dee.
If you're a baby roomer kid like me, if you're a watching TV in the 50s, remember the name
Rudy Kazoo-Dee.
And I'm going to go to your...
Let's see.
Steve Carlin was the creator and he's got a website, the official Rudy Kazoo-Dee website.
It's a memory class to our childhood past, images of a god by era, lost and forgotten
time on puppets and their human hosts, first dominated the Saturday morning or away.
It's all at the start of what would become known as the Golden Age of Television.
Rudy Kazoo-Dee wasn't a cartoon.
At the height of Rudy Kazoo-Dee crazed in this country, the kids' adults even comedians
at the time found themselves mimicking the show's fresh slang he used in English language
in terms of like, Yazoo Rudy, Nasoo Noza Rudy, Gasha Rudy, and Absoluti.
Absoluti!
Absoluti!
Each one making English teachers flinch.
Even today, Rudy's isms are in many ways a permanent part of American slang, without
it as knowing an originated with Steve Carlin, Rudy's creator.
And the abit goes on, look at this, there's the dolls, collectible dolls, there's the Rudy
Kazoo-Dee doll, and the galopucci pup and his girlfriend, Pokadati.
Oh god.
You know, it's pretty obvious there wasn't a lot to put on the ear back in the early days.
There was howdy-duty though.
I mean, Rudy liked that a lot.
Rudy Kazoo-Dee or howdy-duty.
I've never watched either one of them.
Or Scarlett Johansson's booty.
Oh man.
Proffitty Six at 560 WQM get attention Las Vegas right in Pemberpines at the one and only
MGR Palace.
MGR Palace Pemberpines is over 10,000 square feet of Vegas to a fun and their segment.
Don't go to the big expensive resource throughout the sea, because at MGR Palace you can win
cash lots of it up to five grand per spin.
Spend the day at MGR Palace and get free breakfast, lunch at the intern free drinks, plus enjoy great music and live entertainment.
MGR Palace at the southeast corner of Palm Avenue in Pines Boulevard.
Get the personal attention you won't get any place else.
Plus win lots of cash up to five grand per spin.
Enter free drawing for trip to Vegas to Atlantic City in Carnival Cruises 2.
Your money goes a long way at MGR Palace.
No waiting with over 300 machines, Mon.
Open Sunday through Thursday till midnight.
Till two in the morning on a weekend.
The one and only MGR Palace at southeast corner of Palm Avenue in Pines Boulevard in the club fit Plaza.
The only thing missing is you.
The biggest name, so best talent to visit the O'Rodgers for 3.0560.
You A M.
We're going to have a just time around and win them up in Belkettiga, slapping all women with paint and lips around the pole.
I listen to the O'Rodgers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the O'Rodgers here in balance one to two hours.
Here for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for
you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and for you and
bowl and bowl and bowl and bowl and bowl and bowl and bowl and bowl dishes and juices.
is
in the second let's see if they're still doing an MSNBC maybe girlfriend is on
now oh boy oh it's a macaca witz oh quick be one the difference so Alan at the same
time that he is trying to inspire his supporters you have Jim Webb the
Democrat also trying to inspire his later this afternoon the Democrat Jim Webb
yeah let go who cares here's a fact that says you may be interested in know that
the entire HBO hacking democracy documentary is available legally online at
Google video and that's got the link on here do you want to put this do we want
to put this on our fair not no just tell people go to Google video and you know
type in hacking the market it'll pop right up there and you want to
prepare or yeah you know if you read HBO just watch it or if you're like stealing
signals and stuff like that Josh Silver and Robert W. McChizney on common
dreams dot org right now let's see where's this to originally from did they
write it for common dreams or you know I like to know you like to know sure
their co-founders of nonpartisan media reform organization of free press
air america's ABC blacklist the real story is the headline this week we learned
that some 90 major corporations demanded that their ads be pulled from radio
stations that run air america programming demonstrating the fundamental
challenge facing everyone working to promote critical journalism and a
vibrant free press first off let's verify why this is taking place the crime
isn't that air america is partisan all are most of these firms advertised on
politically conservative talk radio programs and or stations and the crime
isn't even being liberal some of these advertisers have moderate or level
executives who donate to democratic candidates and are far from rapid
conservatives so what's the problem while liberal american clearly favors
big D democrats unlike virtually all other program on commercial radio and
TV it gives a time to reports that are critical corporations and the powerful
politicians they keep in Washington this is the heart of the problem air america
commits a crime called journalism almost none of the so-called conservative
radio shows an average to any semblance of actual reporting they merely
pontificate repeating talking points that seem to be emails straight from
crowroads laptop america does it share pontificating as well air america and
we leave it to register compare its integrity that of limbo on hand it we can
say that air america journalism occasionally focuses on corporate malfeasance
it examines closely the deeply for relationships between corporate power and
government officials this brand of journalism is found almost nowhere else on
the commercial vile it's brand is as liberal because it doesn't practice
journalism is stenography to those in power this is the same reason that bill
lawyers doesn't have any of these 90 firms lining up to underwrite his PBS
reporting so what should we learn from this episode one commercial media are
highly concentrated corporate advertisers have massive budgets giving their
programming decisions profound implications according to its own website
ABC radio is more than 4400 affiliate radio stations reaching really a hundred
five million people nationwide monopoly media power translates into
significant political power and that's dangerous it's a big deal to media are
concentrated in the hands of massive corporations were only concerned with
profits anything that reduces our threatens those profits is eliminated
and basically it was because it's too expensive government accountability
because it pisses off public systems and regulators who do a billion dollar
policy favors like media regulation corporate accountability because in
anger corporations like the long list of pulled air america funding good
journalism can be bad for business and three note the presence of the West post
office and U.S. Navy on list of advertisers who blackballed air america it's
an outrage that public money's are being deployed to push the any logical agenda
the Bush administration or any other administration for that matter this is
one more example of the corruption of governance in Washington where big
money and political power are picking over the bones of democracy what's
left timid left dog journalism that fills our TV screens and radio dials a
newspaper market dominated by a handful of massive firms that suffer the same
symptoms cheap to produce reality show celebrity fluff regurgitated press
releases spin assessing other spin and entertainment is news that
titulates for early informs obviously we have to stop the corrupt and watch
in the laws this business as usual but there are three specific and crucial
areas that demand our attention first we must stop further media consolidation
this episode vividly illustrates the peril of monopoly media power Bush's
manifest DC is actively moving to some of the last remaining ownership limits
the dream scenario for big media eliminate ownership rules so one company can
own all the media in town and have one newsroom serve all outlets heaven for
the conglomerate health where everybody else public backlash stopped a similar
move in 2003 and the battles being fought again at www.stopfigmedia.com
second we must understand that virtually all media TV for radio phone will soon
be delivered digitally through the internet with increasing speeds every
website holds the revolutionary potential to become a TV or radio network
breaking the corporate bottleneck on media access and distribution but today
cable and phone companies are mounting a full-core press in Washington to
privatize the internet and make them the gatekeepers to all media by removing
the long-standing principle of net neutrality on the internet fortunately
public backlash is winning the day so far void by the save the internet dot com
coalition at save the internet dot com and third non-commercial media including
PBS NPR community broadcasters must be well-founded and isolated from political
pressure the u.s. has the lowest per capita funding of public broadcasting in the
industrialized world our dysfunctional system has the president appointing
partisan operators to the board that funds PBS and NPR programs once again the
public must be engaged in the public broadcasting system must be
overhauled and reinvigorated critical journalism is bad business for media
corporations and advertisers it's time to engage the public and demand a media
system that will inform and protect America rather than one that is in the
words of John Stewart hurting us well there you go
an America baby who's on right now how do you like that we're in a regular
time all right a real estate of a bow time there's mother Tucker
in the park or is it fifty percent of the twelve percentage point we
but he believed that all no congressman Harold for junior
you know you're saying they gallop all has four trailers for three points
and bc's run below joins us now from Memphis
run what's the truth what's the story run
well the truth is there are only sampling about six hundred fifty people who
happen to be home and answer their phone willing to to do a survey now the
polling people still say it's scientific there's a margin of error of four
percent the republican party is feeling very good about Tennessee now this
was a toss up just a week or so ago and the numbers have been breaking
corkers way some of the Mason Dixon polling seems to indicate that those very
heavy negative ads the ones with the the bimbo in Tyson Harold Ford to call
me later that's right black guy bimbo uplined white chick works like a charm
especially in Tennessee you don't think that there was a susceptible that kind
of a racial of race fading to you yes in time of flight Tennessee which ain't
too far from one of your very favorite places you know what it is North Carolina
now Virginia
entry
you're both
I know it I know it I think all three of us at it that's it yeah you go see you
keep nagging me on I just knew we get to the point where they drop an F bomb a
B bomb some bomb
but I'm sure that after that now it's okay
yeah yeah let's hear a little more more than deliverance audio yeah once the
delay builds up right oh yeah well like I said maybe tomorrow you're just an
Ojan provocateur and never gonna change we got Gellie at two speaking of a
provocateur he provokes a lot of radios to move in the opposite down we got
the power hour I guess not today we just got the hump are between four and seven
good maybe the extra hours work will cause him to lose an ounce I don't want to
dwell on that too much but I haven't seen a humber in quite a while and what I
was like a shock you know it's like today that Henry Burrow walked in remember
that yes I do wow talk about it working up it's one thing to be doing all those
free wine tastings eating all that free food it goes along with that one but
Jesus God Henry my goodness ballooned up like I guess that bicycle bomb must be
going around don't you know the kind of pump I'm talking about used to be like a
red thing and you'd step down on it and had the two hook up to either your
bicycle tire or your car tire you know remember one of them yeah it's called an
air pump for a tire pump yeah they're all fashionier pump like you know old
again see old old crap they still have them but obviously they do and we know
where they're sticking the you uh... yeah maybe Henry loaned his to the
uh... humber
the biggest name the biggest name the best talent I think it's a waste of time to
keep cocker I did what's the point I think they should bring which back and get
rid of cocker you know do it now I mean why wait you know the recruiting
season's coming up you want to solidify things you don't want to lose kids
now a lot of these kids are coming back next year you can put things in place
now and start getting ready for next year
hot
okay
the
I went to new persistence, I was thinking about a losing weight.
I stepped on the scale and the guy I measured said,
I'm a second way to make it rifter, there's always so much we can do.
I think life will search to maybe be the oldest thing we need.
Suck a fire up on fire, it's like the same thing.
Suck a fire up on fire, it's like a same thing.
Suck a weight right away.
I don't have to die, I don't have to go and get your size.
I don't have the worry about no bulges around my thighs.
Because life will search to you, you know I'm a brand new man.
Look up the Hoover, suck a fat out of splash again.
Suck a fire up on fire, it's like a same thing.
Suck a fat off on fire, it's like a same thing.
Suck a weight right on me.
What's 16th always enough to make me want to get a piece of cheese.
Well that won't kill you.
Fire? That won't kill you?
No, although it's cramped.
I can't believe it makes a 1300 by 2 o'clock so I'll come back tomorrow maybe.
Unless I miss my plane.
Good.
My dog missed his flight out of Chicago, what a dumbass.
That's what Josh said.
Why should he have to suffer just because a hang picked on your ass?
Hey, that's what you said.
In fairness, that's right.
He should.
He missed the flight, he had a show to do today and it's a good excuse.
He used to that, slacking off.
India grounds hostesses who are too fat to fly.
How thin should you be to be a brand ambassador for modern India?
The question will be addressed in Delhi Supreme Court this week and as lawyers argue over
the Indian Airlines, the state-owned carrier national symbol can fire its air hostesses for
being too fat, too zophic.
You know, my saffic, he drives it to the woodmine.
Who?
11 employees recently grounded for putting on too much weight claim that the airline has changed its vision
of the Indian feminine ideal, abandoning the more buchsem prototype in favor of a more westernized skinny model
which staff see is unattainable.
Especially if you shove it all at curry, you know, I can't imagine that curry would be fending wood.
I don't even know what it is.
Curry powder?
Yeah, like what's it made out of?
Is it a root?
Is it an animal?
It's a spice mine.
It's a spice mine.
Yeah, but curry.
I don't know from curry.
Oh, I hate it.
It is grape it off a rock.
Do they grow it in a tree?
They were grape it off somebody's.
Oh, very, very heavy spicy.
And if you eat enough of it, it gets into your skin.
So that's why there are many people from India who smell like that.
They smell like curry.
I say it.
It's almost enough to make you want to, you know, have them for lunch.
Up.
Indian Airlines will argue that this is the case of selecting the best ambassadors to represent the national airline.
And the country as a whole and will also claim that thinner employees are more agile and better equipped with tackle terraces since other emergencies.
It was to me that the fat way fats do is they could block the terraces on their way up to the, you know, that's right.
The cockpit door.
They wanted to scarve the heavier women and bring in newer thinner models since Sheila Joji and Air Hostess
was brought at after a spot weigh in pounds.
She was 1.9 kilograms over the prescribed limit for her height.
So in other words, about five pounds.
Not even.
The stress that the prospect of losing her job after 25 years with a company, she went on a crashed diet.
Now, it's only one meal a day to try to keep within the limit.
She's been allowed to fly again, but describes the process as the meaning.
This is our national carrier and should represent the dignity of Indian culture.
These new policies are humiliating the women's you be saying.
I wonder if she's got a big dowry.
See, in India, if you had a big assly obviously they're all like it out, but if you got a big dowry, then they'll make an exception.
What if you have both?
Well, in that case.
Don't forget, match point. It's on the way.
You'll say to me, boy, this is a really sensational movie.
I'm predicting that right now.
If you don't think the ending, because that's one of the things we usually complain about, is even movies that are pretty good.
And we think they're going to be fine, then the ending sucks.
It's a peave.
The ending is one of the best ever.
Great.
Can't wait.
Each voter will have a favorite.
This is Frank Witt's throw the throw the truth in his thumbs up.
And all they're getting hysterical all over the web now about, you know what?
Karl Rhoves' dirty trick is these robal calls that are going all over the place.
There's a big thing I don't want to end it's much too long.
But it says this is turning into a big story.
Oh, I already read it.
It's the one about Jill Porter, the one about in Philadelphia.
Holmes Sicken, a phone ringing off the hook.
It says it's turning into a big story.
They're doing it across the country.
Kansas New Hampshire, now Pennsylvania.
It's the Republican October surprise launched in November.
It's to cheat, pretend that they're Democrats calling voters.
And then piss off the voters so much they don't vote for the Democrats.
Maybe you don't even vote at all.
The culprit in the race is the National Republican Congressional Committee.
An organization that's used such scourless campaign tactics this season.
It's been vis-a-vis out in some instances by the candidates and it's supporting.
In the past week alone, FCC records reflect 22,000 plus for anti-merfee phone bank expenses.
Set NRCC spokesman Ed Petrie.
It's just a part of the course playing games.
But what else do they got?
Frank Ritz says each voter will have a favorite moment from the fabulous midterms of 2006.
Forced to pick my own, I go for Lin Cheney's pre-Holoween slapdown of old blitzer on CNN.
It's not an every political campaign that you get to watch the wife of the vice president of the US.
Slug it out about lesbian sex while promoting a children's book titled,
Our 50 States, a family adventure across America.
The pretext for this improbable bust up was a last-it strategy by the flailing incumbent Republican Senator Virginia,
George Makaka with talent.
The desperate resuscitation of his campaign,
Senator Allen Texas' Opponent Jim Webb,
for writing sexually-especially-specited passages and his acclaimed novels about the Vietnam War.
Mr. Webb fought back by pointing out among other Republican epochers.
Mrs. Cheney's authorship of an out-of-pre-1981 novel,
Sisters, with steamy sexual interlude suitable for the L-word.
Not lesbians.
Not lesbianon.
Oh.
When Mr. Blitzer brought up sisters and live TV,
Mrs. Cheney went ballistic calling Webb a liar.
The exchange would have been a T-bo keeper,
had only the CNN anchor called Mrs. Cheney out,
by reading aloud just one of the many sisters' passages floating around the Internet.
The women who embraced in the wagon were Adam and Eve crossing the dark cathedral stage.
No, even Eve, loving one another,
is they would not be able to once they ate of the fruit
and knew themselves as they truly were, which again, had everything.
Even without Eve, the silly episode will stay with me as a representative sample of this election year.
It wasn't just that the entire Cheney blitzer Webb Alan Frecus had nothing to do with the issue that confronts the country.
It was completely detached from reality.
Mr. Alan has been caught in video in real life spuing racial epithets,
didn't attack Mr. Webb for any actual bad behavior,
but merely for the imaginary behavior of invented characters in a book.
As if it weren't enough for Mr. Cheney to regurgitate Mr. Alan's ludicrous argument,
she fudged the contents of her own novel,
further fictionalizing what was fiction to start with.
Then she turned around and attacked CNN for broadcasting nonfiction,
aka news, like her husband's endorsement of waterboarding
in a widely disseminated radio interview.
The incessant shell game played with fiction and reality turned the separate episode of Blitzer's program,
the Situation Room, into a sober inversion of Comedy Central's Colbert Report,
and with Steven Colbert's Centerical Fostyle TV Blowhard,
interviewers relive politicians.
Here, the interviewer, Blitzer, was real,
but the politician, Mrs. Cheney, was bogus,
shamelessly making everything up,
and hoping her play acting would make her out of rage as fiction's credible,
maybe in some precincts it did.
The 2002 mid-terms were ridiculed as the sign-fell election about nothing,
and 2006 often does seem like the Colbert election,
so suffused it is with, on reality,
or what Mr. Colbert calls truthiness,
or perhaps the beret election after the character created by Mr. Colbert
is equally popular British counterpart Sasha Verenko,
and whose mockumentary about the American travels of recruit
fictional TV reporter from Kazakhstan,
opened a great acclaim this weekend.
Kazakhstan? Kazakhstan.
Like both these comedians, our politicians and their media surrogates
have been going to extremes this year to blow the difference between truth
and truthiness, all the better to confuse the audience.
But there's one important difference.
When Mr. Colbert's fake talking had provoked a real congressman
in a making fool of himself,
on Mr. Berrin Cohen's fake reporter tries to term the real White House gates,
it's a very frank for our entertainment.
By contrast, the cons on the ballot,
busyly falsifying reality, are vital to be in charge of our real world
or one of the most perilous times in our history.
While lying politicians and hyper-bolic negative TV campaign ads are American staples,
the artificial realities created this year on a scale worth of Disney
have not stolen.
In the campaign's final stretch, Congress and President Bush passed
with great fanfare, a new law to erect a 700-mile border fence
to keep out rampaging Mexican immigrants,
but guaranteed no money to actually build it.
Rush Limbaugh tried to persuade his devoted audience
that Michael Z. Fox had exaggerated his Parkinson's symptoms
in an ad for candidates who support stem cell research,
purely as an act.
In a class by itself as the president's down to the White Effort,
to brand his party as the defender of traditional marriage,
even as the same sex scandals of conservative leaders on and off Capitol Hill
make like Haja Ful look like the sound of music.
Just in recent days, Reverend Ted Hagrid,
a favored Bush spiritual advisor and visitor to the Oval Office,
if not the Lincoln bedroom, resigned as leader of the National Association of View Angelicals,
after accusations that he paid for nice to male prostitute,
and the talking points memo blog broke the story
of the Republican Party taking money from a gay porn distributor
who stars include active-duty soldiers,
a film person of Mrs. Cheney's sister-religio still awaits.
And always there's the false reality imposed on Iraq.
Absolutely we're winning in the president's recent formulation.
After all this time, you'd think that Iraq's frictions wouldn't work anymore.
The overwhelming majority of Americans now know that we were conned in this mess
in the first place by two fake storylines manufactured by the White House,
a connection between 9-11 and Sonom,
and an imminent threat of nuclear armageddon.
Both were trotted in and out of our last midterm campaign
to rush a feckless Congress into voting for a war authorization before Election Day.
As the administration puts the polls the same ploy four years later,
this time to keep the fiasco going, you have to wonder if it can get away with lying once more.
Given the polls, I'd have to, would have said no,
but last week's John Kerry Forest gives me pause.
Whatever Lane Joker's not remarked the senator was trying to impart,
it was no more relevant to the reality unfolding in Iraq than the sex scenes in Jim Webb's novels,
but as the White House ingeniously inflated a mole-hilled by a non-canadated new amount in the fake news,
real news from Iraq was often downplayed or ignored entirely.
It was a chilling example of how even now a skit ginned up by the administration's screenwriters
penned war-finable-to-rate reality in our media culture.
On the same day, Kerry blundered the U.S. suffered a palpable and major defeat in Iraq.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki once again doing the bidding of the anti-American leader Moktada al-Sauder,
somehow coerced American forces into dismantling their cordon of Saudi city
where they were searching for a kid-napped soldier.
As the melodramatic debates over how much Mr. Kerry should apologize dragged on longer,
still more real news got short-trift.
The October death toll for Americans in Iraq was the highest in nearly two years,
some 90 percent of them did were enlisted men, and nearly a third were on extended tours of duty
or their second or third tours, their average age was 24.
When the premises for war were being sold four years ago,
you could turn to the fake news of John Stuart's Daily Show to find the skepticism
that might poke holes in the propaganda.
Four years later, the press is much chastened by its figure to do its job back then,
but not all of the press.
While both Mr. Stuart and Colbert make sport of the media's overkill on the Kerry story,
their counterparts in real TV news, especially but not exclusively on cable,
flogged it incessantly.
Only after the New York Times uncovered a classified Pentagon chart,
documenting Iraq's rapid descent into chaos,
then reality began to intrude on the contrived contriotoms posed by another tone-deaf flood
from a former presidential candidate who's not even on the ballot.
In retrospect, the defining moment of the 2006 campaign may well have been back in April
when Mr. Colbert appeared at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner.
Colbert, a cultural primary,
his performance was judged to bomb by the Washington Press Corps,
which he upded up instead for a Bush impersonator
who joined the President and the Benign sketch commission by the White House.
But millions of Americans watching C-SPAN and the web did get Mr. Colbert's routine.
They recognized that the beltway establishment sitting stoned based in his audience
was the butt of his jokes, especially the very news media that had pirated Bush administration fictions,
leading America into the Quagmire of Iraq.
Five months later, a video of Mr. Colbert's dinner speech is still a runaway eye-toons hit
and his comic concept for Washington is more popular than ever.
It's enough to give you hope that the voters may rally for reality on this crucial election day,
even as desperate politicians and some of their media and neighbors try one more time
to stay their fictional course.
The biggest name of the best talent in this is Leo Rogers,
the sports radio 560 issue A.M.
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the car, please.
Please try to pay 6.0 for in-care life.
Got go.
Real service.
Real saving.
Please try to save.
And another thing.
You know, as in me, we're a bit of an star, by the way.
We've got little bit of sweet voice, and you expect to get anywhere in a little beauty-pilk?
We should do.
I think it's a bit better now.
I don't want this to start with my wife, I just want to talk to you.
I just want to have some more wife here.
Yeah, what about it?
The more wife, hey, you.
What do I have?
I just want to have me here.
I want to have you.
I want to have you.
You expect to be also melting a roll.
I'm feeling a cold.
And going to make you cry.
Why you, why are you, I owe this, not you.
I know my smell attract you.
But unlike Zack, you still got your job.
I feel just like that you are my kid brother.
And when you need to win them.
That's why you're so much higher.
I'm going to show you.
In a few years.
I'm going to show you.
26.2, I'll tell you one thing.
We sure missed them all, Mike.
Here's the facts.
We asked in the audience response.
I'm amazed we haven't had 100 facts about Matt's point.
Have you ever heard of that movie before?
Never.
See, if you've heard of it, you didn't know that she was in it.
I don't want it.
I'd lick it.
You just see it.
Anyway, the sniff of the sniff of it, the fact says curry powder.
And we thank profusely the chronic who sent this in.
Curry powder is a mixture of spices of widely varying composites
developed by the British during their colonial rule of India
as the means of approximating the taste of Indian cuisine at home.
Most recipes and producers of curry powder usually include coriander,
turmeric, cumin, and fenugreek in their blends.
Did I pronounce all those right?
Yes, I did.
What you call that?
I remember that song by a three-dog night Eli's cumin.
Depending on the recipe, it is an ingredient such as ginger, garlic,
fennel seed, never-dick fennel on channel four.
The flow of mustard seed, green cardamom, black cardamom,
nutmeg, red pepper, cinnamon, and black pepper may also be added.
Nutmeg. What else is really good in the eggnog, right?
Come here.
Is that what you put in the eggnog?
Besides nutmeg.
Nutmeg is what I said.
It's also the name given to a different mixture of spices
that includes curry leaves which is used in South and Eastern Indian cuisine.
And then the last sentence of this is enough to make you want to swoon.
In fact, that cheese, I think, is making his way back up through my gullet.
Curry was originally used to match the taste of bad, slash rotten meat.
Oh!
Nice!
Right in the middle of a late lunch for a lot of people,
we started there, we interrupted it.
God!
Where do you know there's a billion people in in general,
there's Chinese and everything, a billion people over there.
You all got to eat.
You know the smell of rotten meat?
Yes, I know it.
Oh, God. I smell some bad meat.
I'll bet.
I run like a son of a bitch.
A democratic takeover of the US Congress will put two of the most out,
spoken critics of the Iraq War in charge of dispensing the money,
President Bush will seek for combat, adding pressure for a new approach
to the increasingly unpopular war.
And the House of Representatives represented David Obey of Wisconsin
with rise to the appropriations committee chairman of Democrats win this week.
And every opportunity the scrappy Obey reminds fellow lawmakers
of his opposition to the Iraq War calling it the dumbest war since the War V-T-12.
David Obey can be a cantankerist fellow.
I don't think he'd be in the business of giving the president an easy time
since the Brookings Institution senior fellow Stephen Hess.
Across Capitol Hill, Senator Bobby Burr at West Virginia now 88
would have the Senate appropriations panel just before the start of the war in March 2003.
Bush accused a bird accused.
What is it?
Burr at Bush are flooding our superpower status with arrogance
of the coming US invasion he said, today I weep for my country.
With either Obey or Burr in charge of the committees that pay the eight billion dollar
a month Iraq War tab, experts say the Defense Secretary Rumsfeld would have to do
far more explaining of how the money was being spent,
which toilet is being flushed down.
Whose palms were smearing?
That could open the door for Congress to first of the administration to work with it
and outside experts on a fresh, rigorous assessment of Iraq's political problems
and how to deal with them so American troops can leave the country.
Such an opening could dovetail with work by former Secretary of State Baker
who's a backstudy group will soon issue alternative ideas for Iraq
and as Republican lawmakers increasingly are questioning the war,
the illegal invasion, the slaughter, the bloodshed, the lunacy,
all based on a pack of lies.
And the idea that well, you know, it's even steaming in a lot of these states,
it's down the middle and you wonder, well, what is going on here?
What kind of a country are we talking about? Like a lot of dumb people?
Absolutely.
No, it's enough to make you play another clip from deliverance.
Well, let's try it again. What do you think?
I think we got past that one thing there.
What one thing is that?
Where he said, oh that thing.
Yeah, it's a lot of f***ing sharp and good to see in the hair.
What?
I don't know.
It wasn't nothing dirty in here.
And where the hell was I?
Anchored.
Oh.
Sitting behind OBE in British Chairman of Key Defense spending some communities
could be represented John Murtha of Pennsylvania,
the Eastern Marine who a year ago called for withdrawing troops from Iraq
and Senator Daniel, anyway, Hawaii, who lost an armed fighting in WW2
and is voted for withdrawing troops by next July.
But don't tell me that's your Vice President there.
Oh my God.
Awesome display of brass.
I think I've ever seen him.
You have been a, and sometimes a bit or critic of their ideas,
if not them personally.
That's what we were all happy beginning.
Do you see those other great ideas that you just described as utopian and will show?
Isn't that supposed to be a joke on us, the fact that he's wearing like a regular tie today?
Because since they put him on MSNBC, they made him ditch the bow tie
because he looked like a pretty sissy, you know,
were that the bow tie?
And he sounds like it anyway.
Sounds like a real screamer.
You think that's supposed to be full of us, the fact he's got like a real, real honest
to God ties, it's supposed to like a silly, prissy tie?
A preemptive strike on Iran, and they will push for that in the final two years.
And I'm not 100% sure they won't get it because on this one I think
the President may still agree with him.
Yep.
Happy Canada.
A wise man.
Oh no.
Craft, you can't know a wise man.
Is he one of the three wise men?
No, why do they believe in that craft?
He's one of the wiseasses.
Where the hell is that Rick and Ted thing?
Which one?
Oh, there it is.
I was this one.
No, who would you vote for?
Why was the other guy's bow tie?
What other guy?
The Republican guy.
Oh, no, man.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry today.
I didn't want to break this one.
Which one did you vote for?
I'm not going to get into it, Ted.
You'll freak out on me, okay?
Not no way.
Yeah.
That hooded freak.
Which one?
This is specific.
What's his name, man?
I'm not going to argue about it.
The guy from CNN?
Ted Turner, yes.
Oh, man.
You voted for Pete Pannon?
I voted for Ted Turner.
Dude, what?
Send the police right into my bed.
Why don't you give them my phone number and it's Rick.
Ted.
And let them come over.
Ted, kill me.
Man, you're going to elect the thought police.
Ted, this wasn't a presidential election.
This is a primary, okay?
I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side.
Give me the chance to vote for the other side.
Rick?
What?
My pal Rick voted for a Nazi.
I knew this would be.
I didn't vote for a Nazi.
The biggest name of the best talents in this is Neil Rogers,
4th radio 560, QAM.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to domic people killed
with the gas that we sold in.
First time at presser Nation and the only one that's going
now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going
forget about Korea.
The New Fairchild's in Canada.
All right.
Wean is drilling it over and over into our head.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Of course.
A guy on the hands 3000 people killed.
I'm now forgotten.
Let's exploit him instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after satan too.
Plankato's sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in lawness.
But no one seems concerned all.
I'm being complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration that
controls us by fear for media manipulation and the right.
Wean is drilling it over and over into our head.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
I know being in cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of roboque, battle, land.
World in dialectia.
Old regime must fall in how to burn in its gold.
With no objection at all.
Then my crack don't have the balls and the right.
Wean is drilling it over and over into our brain washed and irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Oh my god.
Only irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Holidays all the time.
All the decade before all the time.
All the blood on their hands.
I was just looking at the Q&M website because of this thing you sent me.
I noticed that I think I had a bottom there, Josh.
Hank's picks.
Yeah.
Humberhead had kind of an off week, wouldn't you say?
Yes, but I do believe over all first of all he doesn't, he just puts up five games.
He doesn't actually pick the games.
What do you mean by that?
Like you sign up to pick the games.
I'm just looking at what it says on our website about the picks, okay?
Oh, you mean Hank and T.C.'s picks.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, what is that?
That's something separate from Hank's picks.
I sure sell hope so.
Oh my god.
Maybe that's like Hank Schwartz.
So there has the Delhi down the street.
It couldn't be Hank Goldberg.
Beasley Broadcast Group owner of Radio Station's in Tantalarge and Mid-Size Markets announced that he has been
formed an interactive division and named Kathleen McCartan-Berquetto to head the new group as vice president.
Since 1999 McCartan-Berquetto has served as Internet sales manager for Beasley's Q&M and Power 96,
which power is taken up powder, isn't it?
Aren't they taking a dive?
Just a little, this last look.
It's not what I heard.
I heard the, what did you say to play Rigatoni music?
Yes, they are.
In a new position, I wonder what position that's going to be.
I'm sure hope it's not the same position that the SCRAN used to be in.
Crowned up like a press all the time?
No, in a position.
In a new position, McCartan-Berquetto will lead all the companies,
interactive and efficient programs, creating national sales opportunities for advertisers,
and overseeing the day-to-day operations of web-based activities,
including streaming and database development.
Now, what does that mean?
Streaming is the commercials that we play online,
and the database is all the people that get the QAM newsletter and...
You're playing commercials online on QM.com?
That is correct.
But there's nobody who reads, nobody goes to it.
Well, I wouldn't say nobody.
But third, man.
She'll also manage all local market and interactive sales managers who are in the online ad sales,
and direct all revenue and processes involved with Beasley's new growth initiatives.
It's another one of those revenue streams, okay?
Because times are tough, baby. Times are tight.
Instead of giving Josh more money to do some of this stuff, they're bringing this broad in.
I mean, Kathleen, we love Kathleen. Who knows who she is?
Yes, we do.
You know her?
I love her like yes, I do. I know her well.
I see. So in other words, she's some young chick with big boobs.
No, not at all.
But she's close near and dear to us here on the show.
And why is that?
She's kin.
Well, that's Josh's mother.
Oh, like I said, so she's probably splitting the cash with Josh.
Yeah.
But we were just talking about this.
So excited about this.
He's waiting for it to trickle down all that screaming money.
We look to Kathleen's experience in leading this initiative and who are building and developing new solutions for advertisers.
Explain saying, now why didn't you interrupt me before I said, bitch, that was bad.
Now I'm going to hear, oh, you called Josh, his mother a bitch.
Yeah, I'm going to get that.
Well, I'm going to tell you said a lot more than that.
Yeah, you'll make it up.
Yes, I will.
I'll add pretzel crayon.
I'm going to talk behind your back a lot too.
Yeah.
Now who is it that was chasing her around and building or who was that?
Me?
I don't know.
You know, that's all made up.
You made all that crap up.
I did not.
No, I did not.
Okay.
You told me that.
All right.
Anyway, we look to Kathleen's experience in leading this.
Nobody cares about this.
I mean, I'm happy for Josh's mother.
I'm happy that she's going to share 50% of the pace she's getting for it.
Mm-hmm.
It's just like a big promotion from hour one.
That seems to be.
Obviously, yeah, I guess so.
What's to me now?
Like you guys, like your whole family is getting a real foothold and they beastly empire.
Right.
All of a sudden, Josh's family is corporate pretty soon.
And he's going to be sending me a check every couple of months.
I ride the dinner check.
Yeah.
Just like Rimmer was always a past meet check over to pay.
Speaking of passing the money around, drug companies use part of their profits to make sure that the very best people are elected to the House of Representatives and the USN.
To them, the very best people are Republicans of course.
Through September of this year, drug companies are given $8.7 million to political campaigns.
If both Democrats and Republicans were equally good, those funds will be distributed evenly between the two parties.
Democrats and Republicans are not equally good Republicans are better.
That's why 69% of drug company contributions have got to Republican candidates.
In fairness, it says though, it must be noted that although Pfizer, since 67% of its contribution to Republicans before October,
its most recent disclosure show its had some sort of epiphany and during October, you have only 41% of contribution to Republicans and 59% of Democrats.
The story says there's no logical explanation for this change or heart.
Maybe they finally caught on the Democrats were most likely going to win and they're sucking up to them now.
That would be the explanation I would say, wouldn't you?
Indeed.
Drug companies are of course deeply indebted to the Republicans in crafting the Medicare prescription drug benefit that went into effect in 2006.
The Republicans left drug pricing to the free marketplace.
One of the proposals that Democrats favored would have permitted Medicare to negotiate prices for drugs that were part of a prescription drug benefit.
Republicans did like that idea.
Since that inserts the federal government into a sudden, that should only be between the senior and his or her pharmacist.
Thanks to the failure of that proposal, here's a scene that's repeated thousands of times a day around the country.
The senior walks in the pharmacy, asks for prescription access, told how much it cost.
If the senior doesn't like the price, the senior tells the pharmacist that if the price doesn't come down, the senior is going to buy the drug a different pharmacy.
Most pharmacists will immediately ask the senior how much the senior is willing to pay and as soon as the senior tells the pharmacist what a fair price is, the pharmacist fills the prescription at the lower price and identifies the drug company that in the future, the pharmacist will be paying the drug company less.
This is an example of the Republican's idea of the free market and action and that's why they refuse to let Medicare negotiate drug prices that a new senior could do a better job on their own.
That's not all Republicans did for seniors.
The Republicans made sure that the new prescription drug program would not permit the federal government to start its own drug program that would provide seniors with lower prices.
That too would not be the American way.
Nancy Pelosi, who'd be Speaker of the House of Democrats, wins since the first thing Democrats will do if they take control as long as an attack on the free enterprise system, loved by Republicans.
That's how she puts it.
She says Democrats will change the rules to enable the government to negotiate drug prices paid out by Medicare.
She says the result of the savings would be so great that there would be no need for the doughnut hole.
The losers would be the drug companies, the winners would be the seniors.
That's another reason drug companies get most of their support to Republicans.
It's a reason seniors should vote for Democrats.
How do you like that?
Oh!
She's our audience.
She's not probably all over the age of 90 like me.
You see we got 1365.
Now what Josh would have really pushed it instead of sending me all these members about his mom has making big bucks now and calling Mad Dog.
What was it? A jack-a-dum-ass jackass?
Yes, that's what you said.
We got the 1400.
And you know what that would have meant?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
The biggest name of the best knowledge.
We've been fun now.
You're a raw trust for 20560.
You A M.
They'll guide them.
You're free and freedom is beautiful.
And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos.
But we'll probably will.
So just think of it as a final solution.
Because the kick drum master is out.
Let's do it Josh.
The All of us.
We'll take the 1008 of us.
Freedom is gone.
Let's take the 1008 of us.
So long, boy, care, come, hurry and take it.
They'll have to keep the skill of mercy and play.
We'll see how the other things that we'll have to go.
Let's take them out this time.
Let's take them out this time.
Let's take them out this time.
Let's take them out this time.
Let's take them out this time.
Bye bye bye.
