The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, gas, and collar.
JP Morgan, she was a real bulldog. I just mentioned that in passing.
The most famous, the best talent, this is 43560, WQW.
Your tailor, gay, JP Morgan, gay, etc.
Charles Nelson Riley, gay, Paul and gay, all those, uh, usual people.
New York, New York.
The mayor of food and drug administration has joined the investigation of the E. coli outbreak at Taco Bell.
No, it is on the E. coli outbreak. The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell.
Well, I drove down to get a beanberry home.
Taco Bell was calling out to me.
Charles L.I. was shot with a toy feet door.
And then I got explosive number three.
Then I threw up higher than the little trees.
Then I threw up deeper off into my knees.
I was really playing beside my toy.
And my toy wasn't over yet.
But I am so sick.
You're not as sick as I am. I'm a sicker than you.
And once upon a time, I can't even believe it now.
Well, look at me. You can see stuff.
I've lost 12,3 hours.
Oh, that's bad.
Yeah, your voice can make you can see my scream.
Oh, it's a lovely scream.
Oh god, don't cry. I can't demand some hurt.
Don't leave me. Get out of the way.
I need to make it these up when I'm shown.
My son is on three long long days.
And then I threw up my inside into the ring.
I was weak with case of a deal for you.
And on my tongue, but my son is growing food.
Wow, what a heavy duty starter.
That's a good one. It is a good one.
We got a lot of good ones.
And of course, it's almost Christmas.
It's a middle of Chanooka, baby.
I love my space. Let me tell you right now.
Wait, I feel like yesterday you were bashing it, though.
Well, that's because I didn't know what I was going on.
Now that I've got more information,
all I would say is if you're going to go on my space,
just be a little bit cautious about the kind of people,
find out who they are, what they're all about,
find out the link to their webcam and take a look and see what they're doing
while you're looking at them.
You know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
See if they got their clothes on,
whether they're like standing upside down on their...
Well, whatever.
And then decide whether you want to get involved.
No, I found out some very fascinating information last night.
So I don't take any of that other business personal.
There are some people who are running and hiding and hiding and running
and running and hiding and whatever.
And that's fine.
You know.
And they're paranoid and the scared crap.
Listen, that's okay.
So that's what it is.
But then,
now I don't know whether I should really do this on the air
because I might turn into a real nightmare as far as having a zid in people
expecting me to answer everybody.
Oh, you can go with it.
Oh yeah, okay.
Go with it and then you can answer it.
How's that?
Now I don't trust you to answer it.
No, but I have discovered that there's some pretty interesting
now.
Now Harry from Detroit was on here again last night.
The stalker.
He says, please don't call me the stalker.
He's the stalker.
You guys are email buddies now, huh?
We're old pen pals now and he didn't even mention what you call it.
Backgammon again is email last night.
And also,
there are a whole bunch of interesting people on there.
And I try to respond to there were there were several emails on there
and I responded all of my believe just a quick note.
Whatever except one, I responded to my length.
And certainly now what you think it was.
I don't know what the relationship would be.
I will keep saying nephew with my cousin's son.
Who's 29 by the way.
I just mentioned ages.
Let's just go with nephew.
Sounds better.
No, what do you call it?
I think your brother may going to have any kids.
I'll say that.
Not that he's gay, but he is.
But it runs in a family.
So if my brother had a son, it would be an nephew, right?
His nephew were five.
If my sister had a sister in she had a son,
wouldn't it be my nephew?
Right.
But my cousin's son, well, what's the relation there?
I don't know what it is.
That would be your cousin's son.
Oh, so my cousin's son, he's was on my my space and listens to the show online
in upstate New York and loves this show.
So there you go.
Happy Chinooka, David.
Good luck to you.
Believe me in this world you'll need it.
And as far as the other situations consume,
now you notice, don't I sound like I'm back to normal again today?
Sure.
Thanks to my good friend Moishi out there
who gave me some psychological counseling online
for a couple days there.
And also the information I discovered last night,
which now I understand by even though, you know,
people are game players and why I'm diddling around with other people's minds.
That's a cruel, horrible thing.
But when you consider who you're dealing with, you know,
it's like, that's way it goes.
In addition to which, you know, now that I realize that I was obsessed with
somebody who doesn't exist, did I say that on Friday?
You weren't here, Josh.
I said I was like, I was in love with a fictitious person.
Oh, you said that yesterday too.
Well, it's true.
I mean, you know, there is a person with that name,
but it's not the person I'd conjured up in my mind.
So I might as well turn it into something really sub-rosive.
Get certain people in the audience like all excited.
Oh, I know what he's a pervert.
I know it.
Yeah, I'm a pervert.
That's correct.
But I might as well turn it into something that it wasn't, right?
Although it's really a shame that I can't, that I'm blocked out there.
And I can't see all those other pictures again.
Because I consider all during the show and go,
I like that, couldn't I?
Well, I can still see the squat, right?
I can see him squatting on the rock.
I can still see that one.
But that big diamond is spinning around.
I'm blocked out.
You're blocked, baby.
You can't, okay, I'll survive.
Well, you got hairy as a friend now.
I don't want to look at hairy, okay?
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, if I want to look,
and if we got a new braille quintuctor on there,
but pretty looks a little bit down on the dumps.
Thanks for ever sent that in.
This MySpace thing, we got 871 friends on there,
which I bet you even you're just shocked and amazed.
I really am.
I got to tell you.
And it's growing exponentially, whatever the hell that means.
There are more and more people living and breathing people
under the age of 100 finding our MySpace page and this show
and listening online and sending mail.
So the point I started to make before we interrupted
me with that Jacob Krap again is that if people want
to get a response, all they got to do is go into MySpace
page and shoot me off some email and I'll respond.
Or maybe not.
Or whatever they want to do.
Now let's see, did you fax me this?
Yes, I did.
Oh, this is about the original Superman.
Now they bring the soup yet.
Are you a guard?
I got two cups in front of me right here.
And what kind?
I got a C2 combo.
And I don't know what's the other one.
I got a little chili action too.
Well, I'm loaded up here.
Starting at 11.30 this morning, the Superman, which is opening
in Eventure today, this is their grand opening,
204.75 Biscayne Boulevard in the Promenade Shops.
The original Superman features a get-rated soups of Al Yagana
who inspired the Superman, the soup Nazi episode on Cypher.
I noticed in the release it doesn't say the soup Nazi,
but that's okay.
The Stroll is location is the 20th, this is a Todd
and Hope Stroll of Eventure.
The 22nd original Superman opens since the franchise concept
was launched last year in the first one in South Florida.
Since 84 New Yorkers and tourists alike have waited in line at Yagana's
soup kitchen international, all kinds of weather just for a taste
that is much heralded lobster, Biscayne, and Jambalaya.
In 2004, we closed the shop to prepare for the launch
of his international franchise.
And here it is.
Starting this morning, 11.30, they'll be given away free samples
and t-shirts to the first 100 people who come in.
The grand opening officially is this Friday, the 22th.
Isn't that also Eddie K's last day?
I don't know.
What do you think?
Yes.
Well, we would have heard something if they would have come up
with some kind of a deal with him.
So the fact that there's silent means like,
oh, bye bye Eddie K's, probably going across the street.
Wish you all the best that he came.
You're a good guy.
Never still a freight train.
Good man.
Now do I want to read this whole release?
I'll save it for a little bit later.
Now how's the soup are you?
This was also a Charo-Hot Wednesday.
It was Chris's insane thing probably because he's about
ready to fall off the chair from all the food.
He shovels and burgers and soup at once.
Yeah.
There's a couple minutes on, baby.
And you know what I'm thinking is that if I'm in hiding
from the world, you know, because you know,
if I'm just one of those people, it's a game player.
Being out there on a boulder in the middle of Red Rock Canyon,
man, it's a good taste to hide,
but I just wouldn't plan on leaving there.
You know what I mean?
Let it go, man.
I'd pack a lunch.
No, I just think it's funny that finally,
so paid back can really be a bitch.
It's an old trite cliche, but when people are in hiding,
they get really panicky.
Oh my god.
You know, like that.
And then you say, oh well, good.
It would maybe be worth all the grief.
I don't think so though.
It wasn't really worth it.
Was it worth it?
No.
Okay, let's get into the show here and quit with all this BS.
But I do like the Myspace thing.
I do.
To a point, you know, it's amazing how many people can tell.
No, you're addicted.
No, no, I'm not addicted.
Yes, you are.
Listen, listen, it starts the same with everybody, man.
You're addicted.
You can't help it.
Why do you say that?
Because everybody is the same.
Everybody curses my space.
It's stupid.
And then they can't help it.
As addicted, I'd be spending hours on there,
looking at everybody else's friends
and clicking on and seeing their profiles.
I'm not doing that.
All right.
How long were you registered?
Huh?
How long were you on Twitter?
I was on last night for maybe half an hour.
You're going to tell me you haven't clicked
and started looking at some people just because,
you know, you look hot.
Or is it like that?
It's like, hop on their bones,
reach through profile through profile.
You haven't done it.
Really?
I've not done that.
Why don't I believe you?
Why would I, in other words,
now you're calling me a liar?
I'm just saying.
Let's get back to the thing about my will again, okay?
I think Chris deserves that.
What was he, we're getting 50 grand?
That's right.
Yeah.
I thought he's got 150.
Man, so now you tell me that I'm lying.
I'm not one of those people that lies about me.
And I'm also not addicted to this online crap.
Okay.
I know one of those people that sits there online.
Now, you know, obviously if I had,
you know, if I had the link to some people's
web cams and see what they were doing on there,
then maybe I might get more addicted.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
Because all these punks today,
and I've got their, and am I right?
All these, maybe, and the guy,
don't think you got one.
A webcam?
Yeah.
No, I'm not interested.
Well, of course, now you've already got your girlfriend.
You got your hot chick there,
and you don't need to be on, you know,
with some fantasy relationship with a webcam,
which all these punks are doing these days.
But again, like I said,
nobody ever got essentially transmitted disease from...
Cyber sex.
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday.
I hate to admit that I love porn.
I don't, I still don't get that, you know?
1532 people.
I guess there are a lot of embarrassed people out there.
What's the, what, I don't get that?
Especially with our liberal progressive,
you know, perverted audience.
But then Josh voted for it, so what do you expect?
I hate to admit I love porn 425.
I hate this poll.
It did very well.
233.
15.2% that really hurts me badly.
Not...
I hate to admit I love Neil Rogers.
175.
Antiques Roger, 117.
Talk Radio 109, Vanilla Ice Cream 104.
The Carpenter is 86.
That was my vote.
I love their music.
Not too crazy about Richard Carpenter,
or I'm certainly a Karen not...
Looking too good these days, but I love their music.
The bounty hunter 73.
Well, good luck to you.
Use it on 56th, the Food Channel 35.
Home in Garden Show is 22.
Neil Sardaca 18.
Country music 17.
My Space 17.
And I see, I'm not a shame movement and I like it.
I don't love it, but I do like,
I guess I do love it.
It's a craze, man.
Yeah, it's a craze.
Well, I mean, the fact that I found my cousin's son on there,
and I do know him.
I mean, not well, but I had met him in Florida.
You know, he was done with my very wealthy aunt,
who was still alive, I find out.
See, I got to find out a lot,
how my relatives are all doing by going on my space.
That's right.
See, it's good for something.
It is.
I hate to admit I love feet 15.
Got a lot of foot fetish people out there.
They're sniffing it and the feet too.
World Rage 14 playing Slots 9 and Cottage Cheese.
Oh, it's big at a Cottage Cheese feet.
Seven.
Wow, a Cottage Cheese hips like Christy Alice.
Discussing nasty slut.
Oh, what the hell is this?
Firefights, what the hell's going on here?
I just saw something on my computer.
Firefights has downloaded and verified an important update.
That's no big deal.
Restart your fireshocks or don't.
And the next time you do it,
we'll be up there.
I'll do it right now.
It's installing updates and we'll start in a few moments
and there's Brady Quinn like naked with his abating suit.
Damn it.
Anyway, see if I would like had links to find the naked pictures of Brady Quinn
and yes, I would be obsessed with my space or wherever the hell I would find them on there.
But I'm not going to find it.
Oh, it is amazing like you can type in naked Angelina Jolie or type in shirtless
this one or that one and they're there.
You know, they're right.
But well, not Angelina Jolie, but well,
when we're going to get that video going to miss the USA and Miss Teen USA,
what is that going to like pop up?
Very soon.
Can you imagine if we put it out on the year that if we put it on our MySpace page
that we're on our website that if you click to our MySpace page,
we've got the video of Miss USA doing Miss Teen USA.
We would just blow the whole thing out, wouldn't we?
Yeah.
Overload.
They might.
Overload, baby.
But anyway, we don't have it.
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to my
side voice.
I'm already near the God.
Embarrassing, humiliating.
What's falling?
Hi, my, my.
All right.
Well, I'm time in this, this whole deal is just,
life is just turned right around in 24 hours or less.
How do you like that?
Look at that.
It's not like my old self here now.
Yeah, you do.
Suddenly pressed in Psychotic and,
of course, that's the problem with internet, man.
You don't know what you deal with out there. You don't know who's running and hiding and playing and you know
You know, I think if somebody is playing with you, but if it doesn't feel good, it's not such a good idea
Here's the poll today
851 votes on the poll and I checked the mail on there. There's no new email
So I get I don't think we're gonna be in the end of day, are we?
Well, just wait for it on the my space page. Well, we've only got 871
It's not like we got thousands we will eventually though. I mean can you imagine by the time I'm 90? Wow
No, I'm gonna sign the lifetime deal. I'm gonna continue working as long as I'm physically able and as long as they're willing to continue paying me this kind of money
Of course cutting down the workloads substantially
Well, we're gonna be working five days a week especially like right after the new year sounds
But cut it back like about maybe one or two days every other week sounds good
Here's the poll and what a long poll question good every time I read it's gonna kill some more good time
Over the years what for by the way, thanks for the emails their moisture. You're good people
Things are and I did send you a message, but you'll eventually get it over the year now
See this is bad because now I'm sending personal messages over the year like you know, which is not good
Oh, is it great?
Yeah, you like it because your nose is your busy body
No, I'm not worried they are they want to know what's going on. Oh, you've whipped them up at this whole personal thing
Well, that whole personal thing is basically over
I mean come to find out that this is a person who's in hiding and got all panicky when he discovered a new certain things and the other people were like and so
Well, you know fine, right? You can't hide you can't hide all your life Jay. I'm telling you right now. You can't do it
You can't you know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna move to Vegas and sell insurance
What do you think?
Squad on that rock. I'm gonna squat on a rock and I'll send a picture for my space page. There's a whole meal squatting on a rock
What's that behind all Neil there on the rock? Oh my god. Well, when he gets to be my age, you can't always control your bodily functions
In fact, I think Johnny G might have sent us a picture of the other day. They might give you an idea anyway
Over the years what person or persons of QM has or have been see how complicated this is the subject of Neil's on air
Ripping has been the most deserving. I mean, that's the one of the most convoluted
But thanks whoever sent it and it's not a bad pull, huh? I think it's good
Yeah, but you think any pull is good and I would agree with you if we get any question on air that will get some kind of response
The one tomorrow is pathetic. It's very weak and you will be changing that later
Let's see if I forget no he didn't put on her yet, but that's okay. No pressure Eric no pressure
Which person's been most deserving of my ripping them and ask mole Howard David did did did did did did did did
325
Choice fixed 200 oh
Brother now that's a tough choice although I see I've never met Joyce even though I know she's anxious and obnoxious and hates me like poison
And we'll do anything that are powered to screw up the show
So far hasn't succeeded really all that well
But anyway, she's in second I would say the mole man and you would agree with that. I'm sure yeah
I mean he was just he was throwing a monkey wrench in everybody's life everybody's gonna get fired at it because
Listen here when I do this and yeah, what I hate this pull 83 9 1 1 2 1 1 2
They're unhappy with the pull second day in a row, but not nearly as unhappy as they were yesterday Greg Reed
62 a very good choice
The serving of this break in his station in the pieces then go across the hall they can come back in power 96 and
Try to steal away Jovelle's employees like Josh Cortister
Now is that thing is that finished or is that the what's the deal? I don't know
Oh
It's the QAMF and way man. It's just the mystery and the intrigue goes on see whoever said it was
This show turned into a soap opera a couple weeks ago. I started with all this personal
Weeping and gnashing on a year. It's QAM guys. I
Big important QAM passions. That's it QAM passions
without Miguel
Of the beesleaf 51 it is a bit of course you know when you're sitting most of your life in a tree is throwing at banjo
The sales team 37 such as they are Steve Belly-Gelstein
25
Panthers kicked the least ass-lice night 73 red there Canada Center girl
They never called me to like glowed about it screw in 23 that bitch Scott for rally team
The engineering staff well the water not I had a dream about Scott for all I'm not I mean not like person
I'm not getting that desperate, but I mean like I was doing this show and
All of a sudden his voice was starting to come from there
My previous in the studio who was in the studio and it was like all these other people wasn't really a dream about him
That would be that would be embarrassing
Scott for all 18 the engineering staff 12 the water Nazi 10 not to be confused with the soup Nazi
There is no water Nazi don't mess with my log unless you didn't say mess. I think it was a word to begin with an F
The water Nazi 10 Clarence seven well, you know he and I kind of like we got an understanding now
You know how he stays out of there most of the time. Yeah, but he will be in oh look at this
It's already almost 10 30 an hour from now their ratings two thirds of the fall rating book are becoming and I'll give us some numbers to kill some time with
Jeffrey or five Robert Gryper five. Yeah, I will say this for Gryper though
At least he was honest there because those guys was so impressed that he remembered JP Morgan
See I'm sitting here and they're like trying to remember who was on the gong show who that bull bike although they didn't realize she was a bull
But and I'm said JP Morgan in the right away Gryper is listening because I am but he listens to a lot of our conversation in cue
Well, he does he he's not gonna turn you on or anything no, he couldn't believe me. I would ruin their show
You know he's not gonna turn me on. I don't think he's gonna turn anybody on Clarence seven Jeffrey or five the rim man Gryper five
Jeff high spelled wrong to
Fat boy for the audience who don't know Jeff high that's her
Hi, I thought he former fat sales a trouble maker and if you me foe is got one. I mean, no, why we put him on their me foe
Jeff the forest has got one we don't like you by the way Jeff
We don't want to understand Joe Bell doesn't want any party eight hundred and seventy eight votes. Oh, look at that thousand today
It's not bad and an hour from now we got the ratings coming in. Let's hope everybody is really really well wouldn't it be good?
Yes, just a piss off you read just to solidify Joe Bell because Joe wants to sign me to weigh five lifetime contract even when I'm dead
I'm gonna be doing the show
In fact, I'll be doing my space from my place my special place underground
I mean because they built a studio in my apartment here in my second bedroom
Make it probably put like a microphone in my box
Sounds good. Yeah, I can my box and
Brad pick and like stop up and down my tombstone
What's in the box and do that routine? No, I know he's you know
He doesn't do it for a long time. That was a great guy. You think Brad Pitt is hot
He was once upon a time. He's way too old for me now
1026 at 560 double
My friend Moishi is 25. We have people out there very curious about the kind of people that I'm hanging out with my
former
email buddy there online Jay he was 32 and
Moishi 25 and who else am I and Brady Quinn? I believe it was like 22 or 3 like that. Don't forget about Harry
Who's like what 80 Harry's 180 so don't worry Harry and I will not be doing any dittling anytime soon
Not at least with each other although it looks to me like Harry is trolling the
My space good going Harry in between your back am in games play some other games
What's all my about to read this stupid story for what I got to do a break here?
Well, it's all it's the euphoria of being back to myself again nice going nail man
You're a survivor, baby for an old fart like you. Yeah, I am
27 past 10 to 5 60 WQM for last couple weeks and maybe it's partly because I'm taking nature be I feel like full of vinegar
And all that other stuff that goes with it with nature be when you wake up in the morning
You're more refreshed alert way to take on another hectic
psychotic neurotic day and I'm not alone here at QM having great success with nature be the big oh
Has been using it for months rock solid. I'm sure you're hearing him
Reave about it and singing its praises even tough is taken. There's a real girl for you
Duff was told me last week
He was on the verge of getting a cold. I just about everybody's got and he credits taking nature be with putting a halt to it
Nip the right in the bud didn't get it and a cold either
Just two golden capsules a day and you're on you wait a better health and vitality call toll free right now
1866 834 8355 or two or six months applying in an extra month free if you call right now
Plus I made arrangements for you to try nature be totally risk free with the kneel money back guarantee if it doesn't work for you
You get the money back period. So what's not to like what's to lose call that toll free number again right now and get that three months
Supply 1866 834 8355. That's a three month supply with your order. That's 1866 835 8355 go to the website nature be calm
Come on be like me try nature be
The biggest name
Potato pancakes
And then
I really like this dish a lot
It's delicious my mother
Cooked and this is color right off the stove hot this team double double double
So that's how we're cleaning them. I'm eating please believe it
Won't digest I am pre-reading checking that luck is it up with four seasons
But the tent is at them in the back of the house eating they're all eating everyone is leaving. I'm feeling I
Need you to get up back to the store buy us some more potatoes
Cuz I feel like bus to move and I feel like touching juice
Nobody stop you so baby tell me what's the use so hey, I'm eating what you hear I got it on my clothes
I am eating like this. I'm gonna take my clothes off. I'm eating what you see
So take off all your clothes I am eating like this. I'm gonna take my clothes
That's the only thing I miss about Hanaka is the potato like his man
I sure love those I can't even know because they were like all curves. I like potato pancakes
That's what potato luck is our schmuck. Oh, well
Not you get when you're dealing with goyem folks. He likes potato pancakes. I like luck as you like pancakes
It's the same thing. I gotta tell you something really amusing in kind of a sick way and that is during the break
I check the my space mail and
Guess who a friend requests guess who it was?
No, you wouldn't know it. I don't even get it was a little boy
Look about a four or five year old boy. We're not so we're so I deleted that so fat
Yeah, I don't want to end up on date line. I think I'm probably I don't want to be on date line
I'm not into little boys. Sorry, and that we're not putting any little kids on our my space
Now maybe it could have been legitimate, you know, maybe somebody kids are home for the holidays
Maybe it could have been somebody putting their cat, but of course it obviously was not
Don't be putting our little boys or little girls right thing else on our my space page
We will come and hunt your ass down
And then we'll wind up selling insurance in Vegas out in the middle of the red rock whatever that is desert
936 votes on the pool
So how was the soup lie about it even if it wasn't good. So it was no it was great, man
My seafood gumbo I had a huge chunk of some
Seam, you know, yeah
It was good. I'm waiting. Was that live or was that memory? That was off the the DCS?
Seam. Oh, it didn't sound like a lie one anyway, so that's good
So that's the original soup man and they're opening at let's see
Noon today
All of what says here is starting 1130 so don't pay any attention that press release starting 1130 this morning
They're gonna be given away free samples and t-shirts the first hundred people who show off and then the grand opening
Officially you'll be this Friday the 22nd 80k's last day go and have some soup and honor of etiquette
But anyway, they opened today a 204 75 this game bull bar to the promenade shops and of course the reason I'm plugging it
So heavy not just because they brought you guys free soup is because I'm a soup lover
I love my soup and even you were saying the other day that you know
You show me a person that's like a nice bowl of soup before a meal
I'll show you somebody with really bad taste. Yeah, I love the soup
What's not to like five and I tell you what I really like the best is my French onion soup
You know places that make it really great. Oh, a pompadopopadopark in the dining room. Is that right?
Oh, is that's one of the best things ever all these years
It's been consistently good with a thick cheese, you know, on top the French place. I used to work at best French
Onion soup in the world. Where was that?
And on sample in 441. Well, didn't have a name. I asked you this before and for some reason
I'm a lot of the rose. What is it? Lavi and Rose
Lavi and Rose. That's right. Is it still there? Yeah, it's still there
I'm been there. I'm going to have to try all these places out of ever come back to you man
If that's not the best French onion you've ever had all really pay for it
I'll be damned and they have also very good at the roots Chris's matter of fact, but nevertheless
5 6 7 0 5 60 were food intensive today. I got a big pile of stuff here, but you know something
It's the 20th of December who really cares, you know
We got all this excitement going on and my life is a back unscrambled again
And I got people running and hiding and squatting on rocks and I got my buddy Moishi emailing me from some phone somewhere
Got all he knows where and all kinds of stuff going on and of course my good buddy Harry
He's probably in that backgammon tournament online right now
He's okay. He's a good guy. He means well. He's just a little bit too pushy, you know
Pushy guy
Nobody Q I am hello
Is this me? Yes sir. Hey, yeah, I was just thinking you know how you say everybody
Take off speaker you know how you say everybody's young on my face. Yeah, the old people should go to a new stuff
So I'd like to call my plot and they can not only you know
Yeah, come across on my plot. Yeah, that's good. Yeah
So that's I bet from a board
Shales rep driving around nothing better to do than listening
Okay, thanks a lot, palie. Thank you. Thanks you fighting always go sell insurance in Vegas
Always be on the land you know running and hiding and hiding and running and jumping whatever
And of course blues and up pretty good
Blues and brawds and bongs baby. That's what it's all about
911 votes on a pool 911 man
We're gonna have that thousand before you can save man
We sure ate a lot of food here this morning already good thing you're there and I'm here for many reasons the sun is shining
It is curious and spread the fact the least really stumped the joint out last night the panthers kicked their ass
Semilo 3 that was pathetic. I don't watch too much of it
In fact, I was on the phone with the Norma Kent during a lot of that game and he was giving me a lots of really interesting information
I thought well I sure thanks Norma by the way
See because everybody I know all of my real friends they've been during these last couple of friends
I bring me back to a state of sanity and reality because of my juvenile and unacceptable and irrational
online obsession, you know, right?
And they did they you know they succeeded
But then of course when you find out that you were right in the first place and that you were being a dittled along and that people are
Game players and that they're running and hiding
What are you hiding from the sweetheart? But anyway
918 on the pool all the way do know what some people are hiding from it's gonna be 45 the sun is shining
What it looks like a great wood by Wednesday to me, you know what?
I probably shouldn't say that because here you'll be amailing me any minute now
Oh God, I thought I talked you off those slots those stupid machines fun. I like it. I enjoy it's fun
But let me ask you this question because I know you don't like it that much and you had a bad experience there because you don't have a lot of money
But do you think that I'm that's not why I didn't like it?
Do you think I go there with the idea of I got to win some money today?
No, I know you like doing it. What I fun. It's okay. Everybody's got their own fun now granted
There are other things that'd rather be doing, you know
I'm sure that there are probably some people of legal age there on my space. I probably rather be you know
Taking and escorting them by the hand into my bedroom and having my way with them and just you know having a wild time in the other room and then maybe going through a woodbying
Or maybe doing both would be good right right to the machine
And believe me in spite of what you think I've seen plenty of people in there. I would just
Wow
Like to have reached out and lend them a helping hand with their machine or whatever I could they get my hands up
Wow, but you think it's all old parts in there. It's not
Well, definitely it's not a place to be in their cruising for you know
Don't be doing that. Don't worry
Well, I mean in your case you probably got that girlfriend ears is right on your shoulder
And let me just suggest this too because when these couples come in you know and you're playing the slots
If you want to stand behind your other your significant other, you know
I am just realizing it
I'm gonna have to run in there and do a doose here in a sailor Joyce
Is that right? I don't know why well that's because I'm getting all the beds to follow my system for the holidays now
We're the one patient a lot of food over here. Yeah, man
Maybe that's it. Maybe I'm catching that from you. It's affecting my innards
Because I thought I was gonna have one of those late life accidents in the chair right here now
Maybe it's because what that other guy said about let's have plots my plots
918 on the pool we'll get to that thousand easy. They even know it's not one of our. Well, it's okay
Even you said the pool was okay. I don't think anybody's gonna catch Mo no Mo
He enjoys strictly with a two ass race Mo's got three forty seven joys two ten most deserving
20 before 11 at 5 60 WQM that schedule we got Curtis for the mad dog at two power hour with a hump or at four all by his self
Hank solo five to seven to seven noon and he got Hurricanes warm up at seven o'clock
Hurricanes and Binghamton at 7 30
Some college hoops baby Hurricanes and Binghamton followed by Hurricanes wrap up after the game in the 80k show his third to last show on QM
Thanks to look at it. Take care of yourself. We love you. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Fouls
走
Order
But hope you did not read it but that's at a dog food
You be LA, LA, you be LA, you be LA, LA, you be LA
You be LA, LA, you be LA, you be LA, you be LA
You be LA, you be LA, you be LA
Yo Yo, you be LA, you be LA, you be LA, you be LA
LA, LA, you be LA, LA, you be LA, oh, oh,lol
I know you're good.
L.A.
L.A.
L.A.
L.A.
L.A.
What's your problem?
I'm dying on the ass.
1049, 11 before 11, man.
I've said to this my space thing is taking off and finding all kinds of new dimensions, man.
So it's a hoot.
It's a very little episode there during the break.
What do you mean by that?
Usually you don't play that whole bit.
What do you mean by a little episode?
What's all the zenmets?
Why, I figured you were busy doing something on my space.
You were like, I'll just play this song right here.
No, I felt like playing that.
Okay.
What's wrong with that?
You don't like that?
I love that song.
874 friends on there and not the little boy though, he disappeared real fast.
Although he was followed very rapidly.
It's almost like this is a test, you know, of the my space emergency system to see how we can push
Neil's buttons.
They sure pushed the right one.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, man.
Oh, I do get a response from my cousin's son.
I know a few whatever he is.
Who's a good guy.
He's 29 by the way for the crazy people out there.
And then we got a one of the last three new members on our my space page.
His name is, huh?
Well, he doesn't, well, he doesn't, I'm sure, have a name, but it's just, you know.
You know what I'm saying?
8,2,8?
Quasimar.
Huh?
And yeah.
He's an high school senior.
He's been listening since he was 14.
He's 17 years old.
Unfortunately for me, really, really looks good.
But nevertheless, all you people out there, he's right there on our page.
And if you want to go to jail like Mike and Miss Kamal, go right ahead.
I will give a response, but of course it'll be very, very cautious.
I'm not too friendly, you know what I'm saying?
Anyway, it's a 10 before life.
560.
Why didn't you give me the smiley space thing, Miguel, you idiot?
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
Well, at least it's better to have somebody, you know, who looks good on there as opposed
to somebody's mouth-breathing.
You know, I mean, we can't all look great, right?
Look at me, for example.
560.
560.
560.
Huh?
And 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
This is Rick.
How are you doing?
Good.
I just want to know what the Jacob update, if he's working for the Tarke line's Pickle
Penis Pumps.
560.
560.
And POM 560.
You know, actually, he's selling insurance in Vegas is what he's going to be doing.
One of these days, he is whatever.
He's running and hiding and running.
Whatever.
And now they've got my friend, huh?
On there.
Oh, man.
Wow.
I can see, I mean, talk about being, I mean, this is a whole different category from what
now I was going through.
But this is a, I can see that there could be people on there, you know, if, and who, hello,
I was who you're dealing with.
Who the hell knows if it's really the person that claims it to them.
You know, they can be using somebody else's picture.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
How?
How did they or somebody posing as me?
Really?
I believe he's a friend of yours on the site.
A friend of mine?
Oh, you mean one of, yeah, well, a friend of mine.
I love the way you say that.
See, this word friend, you know, with this, my spacing.
Oh, you have 874 friends.
Yeah, you should look so long and all these people are friends as I discovered.
But nevertheless, 560.
Here's the poll results so far because I know that's the most pressing thing on your
mind.
Now, every break I'm going to be like checking on that thing and I mean, you're going to
turn me into like a neurotic my space person.
But I will be like I told you extremely cautious, okay?
Because number one, I'm not, I'm not like a fish in the sea.
I don't bite at jailbait.
I don't bite on that.
Number one, number two, I'm not interested in like little little boys or little girls or
little anything.
The only thing little I care about is attached to my body.
955 votes on the poll over the years, which person or persons of QM have been the subject
of the meals on the year ripping who deserved it the most.
Mohar, David, is leading by far, 359.
Joyce Fitz rhymes with bitch, 215.
And after that, I hate this poll 92, Greg Reed 68, the beastlies 59, the sales team 40,
Gildy Gildsyne's got 29.
Didn't even invite me to dinner.
Screw in 24, Scott Farrell 19, the engineering staff 14, the Water Nazi.
There is no Water Nazi and don't mess with my log.
She had 10.
She's gone.
Clarence 8, Robert Creeper 6.
Hey, Creeper!
I got one at KT Morgan A.
Idiot.
Jeff Rimmer, the remand 5, I got rid of him.
Jeff High 5, we also got rid of his fat ass.
And Jeff, me, photo forest, me, photo money, too.
And of course the one thing about engine, what a default.
You don't tell us.
Yeah, I blew that whole line.
Well, I'm emotional now, you know what I'm saying?
Huh?
So I'm looking for a hug.
I can't find him.
He must be writing messages to him.
I take it.
I'm not writing messages to anybody.
I'm doing a show here.
I don't have time to be writing messages to people.
I mean, what are you talking about?
I'm going to write some, a message to some hot-looking 17-year-old kid
that just showed up on my space coincidentally right after some little boy showed up on her.
Like, I'm really that stupid.
Give me a little bit of credit.
Okay?
I will say this.
You know, whether I write a message or not, he sure looks good to me.
I'll tell you that.
But I'm not stupid now.
Although I will be in town soon.
Oh, man.
This opens up a whole new dimension for all the teases of the world out there of all the senses.
Oh, man.
Just put a real self-reliqun picture yourself under saying, hey, how you doing?
I'm like that.
And people will be getting spastic all over the place.
Experts says, machines set up caused a serosota under vote.
An MIT political science professor is an expert on election systems testified yesterday that is
statistically unlikely that nearly 13% of serosota voters chose not to vote in the Southwest Florida congressional race.
That one that we all know was fixed in a bunch of BS.
A more likely conclusion to explain the unusually high-end of voters that something went wrong in the preparation of voting machines.
The expert, Charles Stewart, told a judge during the hearing of whether Christine Jennings campaigning an access to computer codes used to program the Electoral
on a touchscreen voting machines, man.
We had some bad machines, man.
Stewart testified for the plaintiffs that confusing over ballot design seemed an unlike explanation because far more confusing ballots, confusing like you look at it and you go, huh?
Such as the infamous Palm Beach County Butterfly ballot from 2000 had much lower vote error rates.
Lawyers for makers of the voting machines, election systems and software encountered that Stewart's testimony counted as speculation,
noting that there were higher under vote customers, for example, in the Attorney General's race in neighboring Charlotte County, I'm the same machines, man.
State officials have declared Republican-Vern B. Can in the Winter River Jennings by less than 400 votes out of more than 238,000 cash in the race to replace the Unchist vote fixing representative Catherine Harrison Congress.
But 12.9% of voters in Sarasota County didn't record a vote in the race far more than the 2% to 6% of voters in other counties in the congressional district who are pre-dose-skipped in Jennings Buchanan race.
But a beat but a boop about it. In other words, can you say fixed election fixed?
I think you need to be really very weary about this. Especially old fart like me, I'm sure that all the punks out there, they've been through the ropes.
You know what I'm saying? They've smelled it and sniffed it and checked it out and they know what it's all about.
So you are really bad. Well, let's see, did he show up on it as one of our friends yet?
I don't know, you're going to lift through him all?
No, what do you mean by that? Don't the most recent one show up on the most recent page and believe all you perverts out there, leave our friends alone.
If you want to be friendly, that's one thing. Unless you want to maybe go up there and make license plates with Miss Kamal, some of you perverts.
How do we know where they show up? Don't they show up in an order like that? No, they don't, I guess.
So you'll have to do a search, just keep looking and looking and I'm sure some of you probably will. 10.56 a QIM.
The Neil Roger Show. This is a blame. Any questions?
Well, my friends, the time has come. Who did my doctor get real drunk?
The highway she swirled to and fro. While the sirens play on, play on.
Just a just a thing I say in advance. You see a coming runway of fast. She going to Smokata, Beganjo, get on the rest of.
Helikot sing it long.
Be quiet. Keep that high club manners. And wrap up the slammer to you. I'll fly a line. She can't drive.
Oh, that thing's in it and I'm right in the middle of something very important message. You have messed up my life, Miguel. Go find him and beat him with a club.
All right. Oh, you're not eating more food again, are you? No. Huh? I'm done, man. Oh, start of a guild says, can I be a friend to your my space? We're up to 875 friends now, by the way.
This thing did not tell you before the show today. It kind of like grows exponentially and the site to. Yes. It just keeps growing and growing and it's just like out of, yeah, like that. It's just amazing.
I can remember we had like five, six hundred people. It just keeps getting bigger. Yeah, you said it, Jennifer. I want to have Jennifer Rem is doing. You wouldn't know. You don't know all these people. No.
She was a she's a nice person. She's great. See, unlike a lot of the people you've met in this business who are real a whole she was a sweetheart like Jennifer a lot. Hope a happy holidays, Jennifer. Jennifer Rem and Terry Griffin and all about her other friends. We have so many. And of course, Pete, they aboard up chronic recall yesterday.
Anyway, it says, hey, Neil, can I be a friend in your my space? This is stuttering you pull idea. How similar the Julio's we turned to cue back for cancer? It is. Yeah. Right. Likely story.
Likely story. So I got another message on there for my close personal friend, huh? Who is in certainly not the four year old boy? Oh boy. Oh boy. What? Hey, listen, I listen. Anybody that he might be over to the house or anything, right? No, he's somewhere in Florida. He's very evasive. And I am writing to him. That's a very good idea that anybody who looks like that.
More evasive, the better. I'm just telling you right now, man, this this is like taking a stick of dynamite, lighting it on fire and sticking it right up your back. Don't say.
So be very, very weary because you don't know who you're dealing with on the other end. You have no idea because there are a lot of really crazy people out there.
As you well know, but nevertheless, WDQA and hello, what a friend. Yeah, huh WDQA and hello. You don't give me a chance. You never. You're right. I would you I would didn't and I won't nobody wants to give you a chance. That's why you have no life.
But I listen, Casper is going to be dead any minute now. You can get on a banana boat and go back five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line. We're making incredible strides into the 21st century boys and girls.
We're starting to like in fact, this is going to be when the hippest Joe in the history of the human race with a 64 year old daughtering old fart host. How do you like that?
That's right. A documentary says French special forces had to some of them in London their sites twice about three years ago, but their US appears never order them to fire.
The French military high ever said that the incidents never happened and they before was a ronious information. Right. The documentary, do they are next year and seen by roiders yesterday says the troops could have killed the alkydly of an Afghanistan, but the order to shoot never came possibly because it took too long to request it.
Oh, are we on top of things or what not in two thousand three and four we had been logged in our sites of sniper said I have been logged in an armist friend soldiers quoted as saying the documentary been logged in the feelings of a man hunt is by journalist, Emmanuel, Razavi and Eric Delavar some prog name who worked for several major French media, listen Afghanistan, a cable TV channel, Pants, where the documentary in March.
In March, gee that would be the one year anniversary of somebody.
I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a man, but I'm not sure if you're going to be a
or never put a shot to this thing. I don't know, I wonder what any self-respecting queen would think, I know what they would think.
I know what they would think, I know what they would think, I know what they would think, I know what they would think, I know what they would think, I know what they would think, I know what they'd think, I know what they would think, I know what they would think, I know what they would think.
and I'm just going to have fun. But what I'm staying is that, it's obvious to me now how it's so easy to get sucked in, that's a bad expression there, but nevertheless, um you know what I'm saying?
who do I know what they would deal with?
and this to me the timing of it's not that I want insulting everybody because I just don't know, but it seems very strange.
Oh, speaking of that, speaking of gay, 73% of US military members would have
except openly gay and lesbian service members being in their units according to a
new poll released by Zogby International and the Michael D. Palm Center. Over one
and five respondents to the survey said they know for certain that somebody in
their unit is gay or lesbian. Over one and five respondents to the survey said
they know for certain that someone in their unit is gay or lesbian. You're
fairy. The survey was conducted at both combat and on combat units according
to a statement issued by these service members legal offense that they're working
obtained by page one Q. We know what the Q stands for. Today's poll is one more
nail in the coffin of Don't Ask Don't Tells and see Dixon Osborne executive
director of service members legal offense network. He said the statement the
survey included over 500 troops who served in Iraq and Afghanistan. 45% of now
can you imagine knowing the number of perverts that we have listening out
there? How many of them are scouring our my space and that page right now
looking for? Huh? Can you imagine that? Well how about giving out the you know the
URL since a lot of people I'm sure aren't even my space they don't have my
space. Space.com slash Neil God. There you go. That's what you got to do. Well we
have a nice link to it on our on our Neil Rogers page on your Rogers.com.
Although it's right above Al Gore's picture. It's way way down there way under the
poll though. I was looking at that this morning thinking boy that's way maybe
Eric ought to move that baby. You think he can do it? Can you do that? No I can't
do that. But Eric can move the link. You can move it up in a real prominent
position. We can get 80 million people on my space and then get all kinds of
trouble. Hey listen there there's no law against looking okay when I look at
some of these people I say I just like Miss Fully. Like that what's wrong with
that? I mean even Jimmy Carter had lust in his part in his heart. Did he say that?
Something like that? Yeah something like that. I had lust in his heart and you
show me any person that doesn't have lust in their heart I'll show you
somebody that's dead. I don't care what anybody says all these liars out there
all these voodoo shoes all these oh well I'm a happily married man. Well I'd
be happy for you but you still got lust in your heart. Especially if you're
married to some old bitch I mean nagging old bag. The survey included over 500
tubes of survey in a Mac and Afghanistan. 45% of those wars indicated that
although they were not certain there was a gay or lesbian member the unit they
suspected that there was. They can't be sure but there's a lot of looking in the
showers you know I'm saying a lot of real yeah the survey responses
represented dramatic change from 93 when 13% of service members said they
supported the rights of gay and lesbian to serve openly in the military. I may
not be reading well to them a little bit tongue-tied for some reason. Oh man
I just can't believe this show I just cannot understand what if you notice the
turn that we've made here in the last couple of weeks yeah a little bit we've
taken a turn and I think it's a big improvement too you know I could be wrong
about that maybe some of the old parts out there we don't want to hear about
all of this disgusting sexual and and of course whether they know about the
Internet you know right some of those old funny bloody people. See I feel bad
for the Humper because he at least work off some calories that tapin on the
you know on the keyboard you know I'm saying he's just stubborn I don't know
maybe he's not anymore because I haven't talked him in quite a while but you
think that he's a doing computer stuff now and of course Larry King you know
who doesn't do the Internet because wow I have what all those buttons and stuff
you know punch and buttons and of course in Larry's case when he's holding
this suspenders up with one hand and using the other to like squeeze his bag you
know it's kind of hard to get involved in all this stuff you know I mean huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 60 other you've risen in singular wireless line W.D. Q.A.M.
Hello W.D. Q.A.M. Hello I die I hate you die you know die you know
Borrasset.
Okay I wonder if the art of Yiddish is a dying matter that was not the
Yiddish that was Hebrew of course he's not ending in Hebrew but I thought
a knife a rapier of golfing oh boy that one looks pretty good to me and
whatever it is nice
haha
haha
oh man that's your is somebody Q.A.M. Hello you know I'm sick of people complaining
about whether there's a Christmas tree or a menorah I'm not even religious and
I'm getting a tree I'm a celebration because it's fun and positive I think
I'm going on a millis and sell you go boy I'm going this thing is not real
sharp anymore this box may have to be replaced sometimes your box gets old
and it don't function well then you've got to replace it that's what I'm
describing anyway I think I think I've been bored again I might just get a
Christmas tree too although you know I don't want the religious part of it but
just just to celebrate the holidays because I feel like I have had a
re-injection of life and something in my veins now you know what I mean I got
to buy gifts for those people and I'm not buying any gifts for strangers okay
and I've got somebody I can put my will see the first time was sincere you know
isn't a friend somebody forget about friends okay who don't needs any friends
I got plenty of friends I don't need any more friends I just need what do you
think I haven't finished my message here maybe I'll just mention that in
passing and I can just see now and he leaves one million dollars to who is
somewhere in Florida and is probably just a whole I don't know I have no
idea and unless I find out the better will be it just makes more fun just keep
it a mystery you know I'm saying isn't that the safest way yeah that's better
for you keep it all a big mystery 12 minutes past 11 and I better get on the
phone normal okay it's changed my will more often than some people change
their underwear including most of our listeners if you want to take good
care of your feet and we have found out that we have a bunch of people in the
audience who got like a foot fetish out there so if you got a foot fetish make
sure your feet are really in top top not's condition because you never know
when somebody might come along want to give a little squeeze a little sniff
whatever brandy's carries all the top brands like Floreshime echo Mephisto
rock port hush pop these new balance all the other name brands it all sizes
for men and women and they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes wow
amazing how easy I am yeah go see our good buddy Arnie at brandy so make sure
you get the right for you shoes for your feet at the right price brandy's
you'll find them at 12 90 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach right
between Atlantic and Copeland's on the east side you can't miss it brandy's
open every day for your Monday through Saturday's till nine every Sunday till
five and this week brandy's of course wishes everybody a happy holidays and
invites you to come in and see all the new 2007 styles from Spirry S.A.S. Rock
Port echo 4 Shime all the other top brands that you know and love so be sure to
get your ass in the brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping right online at
brandy's shoes dot com the biggest name so best talent for the business
is me a Roger and say cheese
oh
police got my gun police got my gun police got my gun police got my gun
police got my gun police got my gun
but that's all right with me because it was sprayed with out a quad
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while they're talking all of my mind
police got my gun police got my gun police got my gun
They come best hated all I got
Police got my pun
Police got my pun
Police got my pun
They busted me in a parking lot
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
Love an I-10 at 5.60 W to QAM
We're all of a sudden for the holidays
Becoming my space intensive
I think it's Josh's fault, aren't we, Gail?
I think you're the one who put them up to this
Huh
What all right
During the break I was answering a couple of uh
Aside from that one
Oh I know you were
What?
Huh?
Huh?
You are bad
I've actually haven't even found that picture yet
And I thought you would care of course
Being the firmly heterosexual male that you are
But nevertheless
You'll be looking for it
I just know that
And I think a lot of other people will be too
Just out of curiosity
Don't respond any of those people
Uh huh
Whoever you are, which I think uh who knows
Is it real or is it memoryx?
Don't respond because these people are all a bunch of preverts
I told them I said you're probably a
Maggett magnet
Or in the end I changed it
I said or do I mean a
Fagget magnet
But nevertheless
I think the second one was correct
5, 6, 7
And I can see now
I got a message on air from some uh
Guy, well they got one couple
Or they wanted to get out of Florida
And they want me to suggest some places to move to
Like upstate New York somewhere
Don't go to upstate New York
Okay, unless you're a crazy people
And I'm sure they want me to say
Oh go to Rochester, okay
Then you can hop on the bus
And you can come up to Toronto
And you can buy me dinner
Or something like that
Maybe I'll leave you in my will
Huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
And pound 5, 60
On the horizon
And I noticed that
Ha has got a couple of
Interesting young ladies on there
One of them much too young by the way
Well maybe not for him
She's 15
In California
That's the underage scene right there
How about you, Pardon?
That's the underage scene
Yeah, the underage scene
Well he's 17 and she's 15
And that means we need to be
Known as out of their business
Because we're old perverts
Probably looking in there
But it's just like I said
It's just a picture
Just for fun
But the one guy that sent me a message
He said
This is like crack cocaine
My space
He said it's the crack cocaine of the internet
And just now just in this last half hour
Whatever
I'm beginning to understand why
I mean how
You know this whole date line
Thing I started to talk about
Before I get interrupted
Because you made me all emotional
And kept saying
Huh
But uh
That whole business
As much content as I have for those guys
And it's so easy
To entrap people on this thing
Am I right?
Yeah
Wow
Just easy to get all locked in
And he's just like
Huh
Look at that
Aaaaaah
And you know
And of course people are writing you back
What they know that you want to hear
And they're encouraging you
And egging you one
If I can say that
And then all of a sudden
Oh sorry
It's Chris Hansen
And whatever his name is from date line
Well
5670560
Pound 560 in the
See I did open up a Pandora's Box
Because I'm not going to turn my life
Into a uh
MySpace nerd
And sit here all day
Tapping out messages to all these people
I mean the
Oh
We've got
I don't know 80 million members
By now the thing is growing like crazy
Not amazing
And all these people are like living
And breathing
Under the age of 100 people
That's the amazing part
In fact let me take a look
And see what we got
And how many members
800
Uh
876 now
Pretty good
See if we had gotten to this heavy duty
Like a couple of weeks ago
We could have made a thousand
By the end of the year
But we're not going to do that
And that's already the 25th of December
Maybe we can get to 900 by the end of the year
Is that a good goal to set
Yeah
Let's get to 9
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
900 by the end of the year
And hopefully a lot of them
Looked just as good as
Some of the other ones
Wow
See who needs all the stress and grief
When you got
People like that
In the world
WMQA improvement line
Hello
WMQAM Hello
Neil
Yes sir
How are you sir
I'm excellent
Good um
I got a big favor to ask of you
Uh oh
I have a cousin who's going to be
Called up with the next shipment
To go to Iraq
Yeah
And he's kind of bummed out about it
I asked him
I told him I would call you up
And ask if you could play a bit for him
Okay
I had asked for it a couple weeks ago
But um
I got very upset and hang up and slam the phone down
No you didn't know which one I was talking about
Oh and I still probably won
Well
I'll try um
It's the one where the United States
Turns over a control of Iraq to the Iraqis
With Paul Bremer and the
Iranian guy who says um
Hey
Take back
We got a nice place for you
Here in the green zone
Oh
I have no idea what that is
And George didn't either
And he's got like a
Photographic memory for that stuff
I don't know
Well we got
How will we know when
We have that
That's not the one
No it's one where he starts out saying
This is a great day for two countries
Uh
And Iraq
Well how long ago was I playing that?
Maybe
Six months ago
Oh well I'll sell
Do a little backward the detective work and see
If you can find it that'd be great
Okay, I'd like to pally
Five
Thanks
Five six seven
I mean he's asked for that
And I would be glad I'd be ecstatic to play
I just don't have any idea what it is
Do you? I'm sure you don't
No
Tell you what do you know
From these bits
It is amazing to withdraw
And of course chicken that he might know
All the way down
What do you mean I love the bits
What are you talking about?
No I'm just saying
You don't have the photographic memory
Like George does for what the names of them are
In fact a lot of times I've played
And even I don't remember what the name
We got a thousand twenty votes on the pool already
What a what a banner day this is
I've recovered my sanity
We are my space pages
Smoking maybe it's harder than
It's harder than a witches tale
And we got a thousand twenty votes on the pool
Five days before Christmas day
That is a major accomplishment
I'm going to pat myself on the back
And I decide I'm going to work until I croak
In a couple of weeks
I'll tell you one thing
By keep looking at that picture
I am going to croak much sooner than that
You know what I mean
What do you mean?
Well it's just you know exactly what I mean
That we all are what we are
Like oh wait a minute
No I don't see any new messages on there
Okay that's good
Give me a chance to like calm down here a little bit
There's upstate in New York
Oh no I see I see
You want me to read the message on the air
It would be because we don't
It doesn't have a name of fix to it okay
Of course let's go
I wrote in the message about you know
Just be careful because you look like a
Faggot magnet
And he said that's why I do it
My profile is said to private
So I have to approve anything
Who wants to view my page
Or message me or comment on my page
That's how I keep the lurkers away
He says good thinking Pally
The reason I post only post my picture
Is because I know people steal pictures from other pages
And poses others like Josh
In other words posing as you
He's not knocking you
Don't take it personal
No I know
Said happen to him
I had my space
I find my space to be born
And sometimes full of fake people
Oh yeah that's quite uh right huh
But it's entertaining
Your show is great
I'm in a house of right wingers
So it's great to hear the other side
What's going on in the world from your show
Always uh anyway enough family says
Thanks for the compliments and laughs
Especially the last few minutes
I'm not a will stalker
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh I believe him in my will
I'll tell you that
Sun unseen
If I you know
That's how easy I am
See a new people that were like all
And including you
The other thing was an emotional thing man
You just didn't get it and either did
My close former friend there
Who the one that's running and hiding
And selling insurance in Vegas
Who the hell needs that crap
When you got the somebody like this
I think this could be a real person
What do you think
Uh I don't know
Could be a front
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Or a back
The biggest name
So best talent
So this is real Rodgers
Okay
Absolutely
You're not straight
But fully the whole world
Cheers
Ha ha ha
Oh no
The kind of republican
Or a list queer
Oh
can
Anything you can
And play
Who I
I watch off
me
Yeah
a
All
she wants her birthday
ala
you have to admit that
I understand
where are you?
Oh
partner
leave
yeah
You're fair.
Oh, haven't too much fun with two bunch rolling.
Is a silly grass can't be far behind now?
He just looks around the corner, round the corner,
round the fountain line, of the light,
roll back, roll back,
he has to roll up food.
He has to roll up food!
Ye所有 food, oh ye hogy ye sensory food.
He toys like people,
asked them to roll away free hamboο dool esta trís,
witt początku,
ındallia frag≙ooooooodh番ablata dríll
D'Helva Vasega,
Sahiah-åba nada.
We are the Hatshackers!
Mmmmm.
And don't forget, it's just a matter of days before the new governor, Charlie Chris with the...
Hey, Limp Frist.
Get this sworn in.
Anyway, I got a new wallpaper on my desktop.
Oh boy.
That's what I'm saying.
Now, why do you say that? Why are you so negative, huh?
He's... he's squatting too?
No, he's... I don't know.
He's sitting in a restaurant somewhere.
Huh?
A restaurant.
I don't know. He's my new wallpaper.
My good, close person, a friend now.
Now, see, this is good because this is somebody I have never met, never will meet.
And it's just... it's... see, this is fun.
If you keep it in perspective, and hopefully I will.
Although you never know. You know how emotional we all are.
And it makes me sit here thinking about the...
the good-looking young people in the world.
And on the one hand, you curse them because you say,
boy, you're all about to tease his man.
You like to applaud it.
And stick all your beautiful good-looks in our face.
And then on the other hand, you think,
yeah, but what the hell kind of a world would it be without those people?
And that latter one, I think, is much more important to me, like in Berlin.
Man, man, the people there, wow.
It's just enough to make you want to drop your pants right there in the Kudan.
But nevertheless, it's 1134, which means they're giving away our stuff
at the original Superman and Aventura.
So you guys... they brought the soup and the charade brought the burgers.
Right.
Boy.
And here, on the one hand, I had to go into a joist there during one of those breaks
and a half hour ago.
Wow.
Well, you were joist and we were...
Now, actually, right now, thanks to all this my space stuff, I'm rejoicing.
Is that what's supposed to do during these holidays?
Rejoice?
That's right.
And have a real gay time.
Giving away free samples at the original Superman and Aventura starting four minutes ago.
They're doing it right now.
T-shirts to the first hundred people who show up.
The grand opening will be Friday.
If you're a soup lover like I am.
Now, see, I'm curious, what else do they have?
I mean, is it a place where it's like a regular restaurant and soup?
Oh, yeah.
They have wraps, salads.
Smoothies.
The wrapping.
Hold on.
Let me go over here and get a menu.
That would be a good idea since they brought you all the way.
Yeah, they're wrapping.
I already played that.
You'll be ill in.
I might just play that the whole rest of the show while I're conversed with some of my friends
on my...
Yeah, they got soup.
They got soup.
They got sandwiches, wraps, smoothies.
The whole...
Yeah.
The whole Shabang.
The whole Shabang.
Anyway, it's a 20475 viscane polar bar to the promenade shops.
The original Superman cafe.
It was, you know, based on the soup nausea in Seinfeld.
I wonder if Mike...
What's his name is going to be showing up there, Richard?
Oh, that was bad.
I shouldn't have said that.
But I did.
Just a little joke, okay?
If you can't handle a joke, you shouldn't be listening to the show.
If you're too serious, if you're sitting around listening in your underwear and getting all
of worked up, you know?
And there are some people doing that right now.
They're sitting around by the radio.
They got a cranked up.
Oh, I heard him say, I know what he's thinking.
Yeah, right.
You don't know what I'm thinking.
You think you know what I'm thinking, but do you know what I'm thinking?
And I'm glad that some people don't know what I'm thinking because they give off that page real fast.
Hey, now do you want the ratings are starting to come in?
You want everything?
Oh, I've got all about that.
You want everything?
Huh?
You want everything?
Like, I got Man 18 plus.
Do you want it?
You got him now?
That's what I got right now.
Now who brought an inclerance?
Was he smiling or frowning?
No, it's your boy Greeper.
He brought me.
Oh, Greeper.
Well, of course, in his case, how do I look at you, tell?
If I've told him once, I've told him times.
Get a little bit of emotion in his life, but nevertheless.
Yeah, but something like whatever he got.
I got a lot of facts paper over there.
It'll kill some really good time.
And allow me to converse with all my good close personal friends on my MySpace page.
This is just, I mean, who the hell would have ever thought that an old told like me?
And haven't I said a million times?
What?
I could have thought.
What?
Now, it would be on MySpace thing.
Yeah.
We'd have to help you.
People become obsessed with the MySpace.
No, no, I'm not saying I'm obsessed yet.
Oh, there's Harry again.
Oh, and by the way, Harry, stay away from Haul.
Okay, hey, listen, Haul, if Harry approaches you, stay away.
He's an old frag.
Maybe that's not the Harry.
Oh, this is not the Harry from Detroit.
I'm Wisconsin.
Not Detroit.
Well, I don't know about Detroit.
I'm Wisconsin.
It's just sent you a bulletin of, oh, I see that, too.
The thing from SNL about the, um, in a box.
The bulletin in a box.
I guess we can say that.
Right.
The bulletin in the box thing.
Anyway, he said, this place is a tad slumish.
I don't understand what he said.
This place, oh, that place Detroit is a tad slumish, right?
Thanks for the man where he says Harry.
So this is Wisconsinery.
Not to be confused with the other Harry.
Got it.
So if Harry the back-end guy contacts you, huh?
I would just, I would dump his ass real fast.
Run, run into the desert and squat.
Maybe we can get pictures of hosts squatting on the air in Red Rock Canyon.
I'd be a big improvement.
I'll tell you that.
Now let's see.
Oh, these are the ratings coming in right now.
Let's see.
Many 18 plus, 6th and the midnight.
This is first indication, okay?
Oh, no, really bad.
Radio Mam B.
That means all the old Julios.
No speaking English.
Got all the diaries.
From number four in the summer to number one in this trend,
September, October, November, 2-thirds of the fall book.
Radio Mam B.
But again, that's all old.
Oh, look at that.
QA, nice jump up there.
Look at that.
27 in the summer, 835 in this trend,
up from a three in the last trend.
Isn't that nice?
That's overall, of course.
Very nice.
We went from 18th to number nine.
And that's why Greeper brought him in.
We're number nine.
Yeah, I didn't meant overall.
No bonus money for that though.
But then again, this isn't the whole book.
If we get a big December in the course,
now that we got all these living and breathing people out there on my space,
out of your place, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Well, I'll be damned.
In spite of the lack of promotion by the Beasley corporate loan and
Tixeter, we're still mad at it.
We make our building our own audience and our own my space page
one less than at the time.
That 876 friends out there.
Some more important than others, of course.
I guess I'm going to have to get chicken eggs to do me a several drop-ins
like, huh?
Like that, you know?
And I'll be going, uh-huh.
Well, there's that one that he did for me.
Remember?
What's that?
All right.
It's supposed to be me.
Oh, yeah.
There is...
Huh?
Oh, yeah!
Ha-ha-ha!
All right!
Woo!
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
A couple more times.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Let's go.
Anyway.
Okay, let's knock it off on that tangent because it sounds awfully fey and awfully embarrassing.
I've had enough personal embarrassment on the show of my own making, by the way.
I have no regrets the last couple of weeks.
It's just the call of being honest with yourself.
What the hell do I care?
Because I see, I've told you this one thing before.
I don't live my life based on what other people think.
I, uh, you know, I just did do it.
I just, uh, like I see it and I live my life as I of you it.
And that's it.
Ain't I don't like it?
That's for you.
Including you, Joyce, and then other deranged individuals out there.
Okay, let's look at it morning.
I bet you can't even go out, kick and ask.
There's show has been really a big improvement lately because they're talking very little sports
and talking about a lot of sex.
Radio Mambeen number one in the morning and many, team Puss with a six forward, is anybody believe that?
Old Julio's man in Domino Park.
If they were smart, they'd be playing backgammon, they're playing Domino's.
Hot 105, dropping, uh, oh, they're tied for first with a six forward man.
WSDJFM, more no-speak in English.
Radio Amor, no-speak in English.
We haven't got a chance.
How do we even compete in a market where nobody speak in English?
Big, drop from a six in the summer to a five three.
That's Ron and Old Paul.
That's Ron, who spends a lot of time on his Myspace page too by the way.
CNQFM, no-speak in English, is a six for the four five in EDR.
I'm looking for us.
QBA, all these ethnic stations, I don't know, HITMO, wow, wow, wow.
IOD from a three five down to a three three.
In QM in the morning, we went from a one seven in the summer to a two seven.
That's here for Kenny and Bowen toast in Ozeaglame.
From 19th to 13th to a two seven in the morning.
All right.
What about across the street?
We can't read the ratings without mentioning about them.
Even though I think they're basically out of business.
Chris was telling me that they really need help.
Is that what you were saying?
Yeah.
He said they stuck over there.
Although they went up a little bit in the morning from a two two to a two four.
Joe Rose got rid of his two two and I was wearing a two four, a two by four.
So that ain't much.
And Radio, what about the Air Scar America?
They even still on the air after the bankruptcy.
They went from a one four to a two two.
Look at that.
They went from 23 to 18.
So we did okay there in the morning and then we'll see what happens in the mid day after the day.
So I'm going to be a great break while I check out, you know, some things online here.
Look, I'm going to be a busy guy.
If I'm going to be able to keep up with all this, you know what I'm saying?
I actually not on our website.
The biggest name, the best talent to be the best is real Rogers.
Hey, senior on QAM.
We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard.
No.
Thank you, please.
Like, drop in the taxi car.
I said drive a central park.
You look at me so quizzically.
I could tell he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture rate.
And with my arms the trees I made.
No bunk speaks English and in my arm.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather.
The weather is nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtzian Beemys' non-tea.
And what does that mean?
The butter's too English and I'm all.
Got the cornered deli.
Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's big English melee.
Or you can go back to the Iraq.
Alright.
I came here many years ago.
Where my ABC is.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I say pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quicker in America now.
Stop making me think.
No but I speak English.
Oh, there's my suggestion.
If there's any tourists out there who might be accidentally finding our show.
If you're a drive it around town you stop at a gas station, convenience store.
And you can't understand what all these people are saying to you.
Just say, huh, huh, huh, like that.
Right?
Yeah, that's it.
That's a good way to communicate and stuff.
You've seen that.
1089 votes.
I've been busy answering all kinds of stuff.
And not just like that either, okay?
See, that's a problem.
You understand that I'm bonding with our listeners out there.
You think it's all about sex.
It's all about getting pictures of some hot-looking young dude.
I mean, yeah, that's fine.
I don't have any links to any webcams yet.
Or do I, you know, this is just, it's a whole different world.
It's like I've fallen off the earth.
And I've been on some kind of a spaceship and landed on another planet.
You know what I'm saying?
I've left the earth and landed on Uranus.
Okay, let's get back to these numbers.
Now, we kicked some big fat ass by the way.
Did I give the morning number or what?
I think I did that, didn't I?
Yeah, before the break.
Yes.
Radio Mambe, which is old Julios.
And of course, the good part for the good news for us about that is once you get back to the normal demographic, 2554,
it drops off all those old farts like me.
Because who cares about 55 plus?
Anybody care about us?
No.
Except those nice people on our Myspace page.
Oh, God.
Anyway, midday, many 18 plus CNQFM69 is number one.
No speaking English.
Radio Mambe 67.
And again, keep in mind that's old.
I would be surprised if we're number one when we get to 2554, even these two months.
Because we went from a 4.6 in the summer to a 4.5 in the first end of the fall.
And now a 5.5.
And that's 10 to 3.
So that means 10 to 2 were like about a 6.
Got it?
Yeah.
IOD from a 50 to a 49.
There's about there about flat.
We're moving on up and they're about flat.
Love 94, hot 105.
How magic do they're in the morning?
I probably don't look at that tonight.
Our buddy Ricky Tiki.
What's all this he carries getting out anyway?
By the way, Rick, congratulations to you.
I'm not retiring.
I changed my mind.
And you know, you know what has given me?
Well besides my friend Moishi and all my other friends in the normal and all these.
What's given me the inspiration to continue for at least another 50 years?
When it's time you'll know?
That's part of it when it's time you'll know.
And when I think about retirement, I think to myself.
And then I say, no, I don't think so.
Right?
Right.
You don't even know who I'm talking about.
You're like, you're sitting there.
I beg your auntie doing every break you're scouring that page.
Who would that be?
Who's the auntie?
I just search in forum.
I know you're not.
No.
I mean just out of curiosity.
In other words, you tell me you're not the least bit curious to see who this is
that I'm making such a big issue about here.
Well, what do you mean?
I can't, you know, I can't what.
I'm going to look for them right now.
Okay?
No, you don't have to do that.
No, I'm going to.
Okay.
Let me know when you find them.
Now, where am I going to find them?
Is it, did he?
Oh, I don't know.
When you want to get friends, I mean, yes.
Jesus, I'm going to have to look through all your friends.
Well, you only got 876 friends.
You'll know when you see them.
Okay.
He's got like a navy t-shirt on with some yellow lettering out of the way.
He's sitting like at a table in a restaurant.
Do we have to get all these, you know, all these, because now, of course,
they're going to be looking.
They're going to be on it.
They're going to be searching.
They're going to be scouring.
Oh, of course, he just says he's somewhere in Florida and he's like an animus.
Good thinking, huh?
Good thinking.
He knows that, you know, and he knows that people are looking at that of all persuasions
and they're going, they're not just going, huh?
They're going, like that.
A lot of hives.
Do you understand?
Anyway, he's taping the shoulder today.
He's been listening to it when he gets home from wherever he's hanging it right now.
And I would suggest one thing.
I know that a lot of people out there that get all excited when somebody talks about them
and they like the attention and that.
But just when you listen to that tape, keep your hands above the counter, okay?
CMQFM is number one in mid-day with a sixth hour.
I just got through reading these.
She's not that I'm distracted or anything like that.
It must be your fault.
It's me.
Afternoon, three to seven.
A radio, I'm more, a five, nine in men.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
First on the next page from a 2 4 to a 3 or 7. All right, nice going Joe Bell. I said I didn't have a long time ago. But it's better late than never.
Now, I know what I want for my rating bonus, because it's obvious that we're going to make a nice bonus on this one the full book comes out in a month.
You follow me?
Kind of.
Oh, you're busy looking. I'm sorry, you're looking to see what's...
Oh no I'm not now I'll start doing that now.
No, in lieu of the cash from my Christmas bonus I just want, huh?
Let's see, IOD is a 10th with a 3-6th and then I&ZScare America went from a 2-4 up to
a 3-4.
Woo!
Look out now man, they're on the move now that the bankrupt.
That must be, who is that?
Spanking Al Franken or no, see afternoon, I don't know who's on.
And I don't care.
Well actually from a 1-9 in the summer to a 2-2 in the afternoon, what did we do?
We're in the house Q-A-M, oh a 3-7.
We kicked their ass baby, now that we got the lineup back there into people in the right
day parts and we got the Humper back in the afternoon and Mad Dog following us.
Nice going, if they would listen to me a long time ago, who would I have to go through
all this grief?
Am I right?
If I wouldn't have been trolling at my space page the last couple weeks I would have to
go through a lot of grief either, but you know something I have no regrets.
I can't believe I was.
What?
I'm arrommaging through your friends right now looking for this guy.
Yeah.
I just ridiculous.
Oh, now that I'm interfering with your arrommaging.
I'll tell you what, during the next break I'll find out where his thing, his picture
that is popped up.
Tell him what it is.
It is the comment or something.
I don't know.
I know you're communicating with him.
Tell him to post the comments.
What do you mean you know I'm communicating with you?
You said it in such a kind of like sub-rosal way like I know you're trolling this hot young
stud and that's what you really were thinking.
Isn't it?
He's jealous.
Yeah.
Oh, let me set my profile the private real quick.
I got in his for it Josh.
You're a nice guy.
I appreciate everything you've done in the show.
It's not because you're leaving or anything like that, but you're not in the same league
with your friend.
Wow.
I think he's not in my league, but you know.
Look at him.
At least physically.
Now he may be a mental midget all of his messages.
Me amount of messages have been great.
Loose it in the lured or whatever that means.
Okay, so there's the numbers.
We did great.
We take the audience as usual.
They're loyal and they put up with a lot of crap.
But I think they're having a good time.
It's that gay time of the year and the festive and gay.
That kind of gay and whatever the kind of gay you want.
We got $10.99 if I click that baby, I'd actually go to $1100 and then sum.
I just click it.
Over the years what person of QA that has been the subject of the Niels Anyur ass ripping
has been the most deserving.
And of course it's Moe.
What do you know Moe?
How you old?
With a bad hair piece that he finally I'm burst him out of it.
That was a great accomplishment.
Even you would agree with that.
Moe Howard David had 410.
Joyce Fitz the bitch 238 and I hate this pull 109 9.9%.
Very soon got that 9.9.
It's the Robert Creeper factor.
Must be.
Greg Reed AD the beastly 75 the sales team 50.
The oldie girls team got 31.
Didn't even invite me to dinner with the panthers kicking a crap out of the lease last
night 7.3.
Screw in 28.
Scott from Al 21.
The engineering staff 15 the water Nazi 11.
Clarence Solanantin Webe only in the eye and there's that nine again.
Jeff Rimmer out of sight out of mind.
Eight.
Speaking to buying people dinners.
Robert Creeper's got eight.
Got six.
Jeff high five and Meephoto fourth has got three.
He's still on the year of an error.
I mean Chris with no he listens over there just to monitor.
He's still on the year of an e-foam meter.
I don't know.
You don't know.
See he's he's vanished from the scene.
See there's a lesson in life for all your kids out there.
Never be a.
I'm done.
I'm alive.
But I was bad move on my part or you're going to vanish from the scene and not be seen.
You know I'm of course there are a lot of people these days like vanishing from the
scene.
The biggest name.
So in the last.
Welcome Roger.
This is British.
Quint.
Whenever I shake my ball.
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Right.
Absolutely.
Oh.
Someday you'll be dead.
Yes.
Someday we'll all be dead.
The medic were born.
We start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Young or old.
Richard Ford.
There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So look long at that Christmas tree.
It may be the last one that you see.
Huh?
That great your house in green and red.
Someday you'll be dead.
Oh.
Dead, dead, dead.
Oh.
Someday you'll be dead.
You're ferried.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Yeah.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you.
Huh?
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle in today.
That you thank God for your family.
Because someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas' are left in their short night?
Nobody knows.
That's my point.
Enjoy the while you die.
But turn them in.
And so on, this was morning let good tidings through your head.
Yeah.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Oh.
Dead, dead, dead.
Oh my god.
I won't you no dead.
I'll bury Merry Christmas to you.
Dead, dead, dead.
I'm dying out of here.
Robo 20560 WQAM Happy Christmas.
A Final Go Merry Christmas like Christmas in a certain and so on.
Did you find my friend or not?
No, because he's not worth every three years.
Page 20, we have 22 pages of friends.
And in my spaces you're going through all of our friends.
Really I went through it.
I didn't find it.
Well you didn't find it because you're doing a sloppy job.
Go to page to the last page of 22.
Here's the easiest way to do it.
I'm on 20.
You're on 20.
And the top, third from the left on the top where there's Jeff.
There's Johnny too and there's, uh, uh, uh, uh, right next to Amy.
Where's no photo?
You don't see it?
No.
What are you looking at?
Um, okay.
Who's the, you're on page 20.
Yeah.
I think it's page 20.
I believe it says, listing 681 to 720 of 876.
Er, no, I'm on page 18, excuse me.
Like I said, well it's close to 20, you know, really a couple of lot.
Hey listen, little off your feet today, huh?
Little while I've been swept off my feet.
Okay, it's been a real treat.
You just swept off my feet.
And now I'm going to use some neat to get all they hear off my leg.
Okay, okay, okay, I got it.
You got it?
Now click on it.
Click on it a couple of times.
You'll see if you keep getting bigger.
The more you click it, the bigger it'll get.
I got news for you.
What?
I'm not gay, but that kid ain't got nothing on me.
But, you know, I remember.
I'm just telling you, you're right, Chris, he's jealous.
Very, very jealous.
I just can't listen to each its own.
Okay, I don't, I don't like you.
Okay, there's nothing.
He's 17 years old.
That's exactly right.
I just got through a tell you he's jailed, babe.
You see it says right there, male 17 years old.
If you click on his thing, somewhere in Florida, he's obviously staying anonymous for good reasons.
Because you know, there's a bunch of old perverts like me that would like to jump on his bones.
Now, if he tells me when his 18th birthday is that'll be another story.
See what I'm saying?
Did you go in the will when he's 18?
Yeah, he could go in the will right now as far as I'm concerned.
Because that's how, you know, that's just how the minds of some old perverts work like me.
Anyway, so you're not impressed.
You don't like him at all.
You don't think he's a good looking kid?
I don't know.
Of course you don't know.
Because you do, you want to say one way or the other because it's too embarrassing.
You can't have an effect.
I thought we cured you that a long time ago.
You're probably admitted that Brady Quinn was a hot stud after the time Brady business.
And now you don't want to tell me that my close friend, my best friend in the world is, you know, whatever he is.
Well, in any way, he's getting a lot of attention.
Okay, and we'll see.
I'm sure he won't run away like some other people because he's, I'm sure he's not hiding from anybody.
And he doesn't have to hide because he's anonymous.
He's smart.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
I like that.
Yeah, okay, good. W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you didn't tell us how, uh, O-C-D in across the street, how featured his ratings were.
I was waiting to hear that.
C-D?
Yeah, C-D.
Oh, man, let me see.
That idiot.
I threw all the stuff on the floor, so I had, oh, jeez.
Yeah, I was hoping to, I'm sure it's, I guess you, I'm sure it's like a 0.00.
Well, in midday, midday we had a 5-5, number three in men, and that's a 10-3.
So from 10 to 2, we're like, maybe number one.
That's 18 plus.
And let's see, Waxi.
Oh, man, is Cidicity on a low now?
Not that the juice is flowing to coop?
Yeah.
Oh, they went from a 1-5 to a 1-7, from 20 seconds to 21, so they move it on up very slowly.
They make it a little bit of a move, a 1-7.
Not even worth getting a transmitter turned on for.
Yeah, my friends called me last week.
You said, turn it on 790, they just got Iverson.
And that guy said what's saying that we traded so many people for him, and then he said it was a joke and started laughing and saying,
look at all the lines lit up by fool, Jew.
He's an idiot.
Idiot, that one, listen, what is it?
That's why I live in a city.
That's a good one, there you go.
Wait a minute.
See you.
That sounds like a bull-howard, David.
He used to do that.
Did he really make crap up on you?
I remember he cast Rose Dead and somebody just won $50 trillion in lottery.
Not.
I remember he used this show to promote that he had the breaking story on who the...
Deep Fin?
Yeah.
Oh yeah, right.
And turn it out to be just a scam.
Well, that's what you get from a guy that goes like that.
You know what I'm saying?
Huh?
Yeah.
In fact, every time we would do that.
Everybody in the building would go, huh?
Like that.
Boy, it's a good thing we got that in there.
You know, he must have been a psychic chicken neck putting that in there for you, making funny
you, of course, and coming to find out later on worthwhile altogether.
I don't know.
It's just my mind after all of this stuff and just...
It's almost too good to be true of the sunny shiny.
You wouldn't believe there's not a cloud in the sky.
It's the 20th of December.
There's not a snowflake anywhere to be seen inside here.
Not that there's such a thing as global warming you understand.
It's going to be 45 today.
Now, I realize for you, that sounds pretty damn cool.
And Florida, but for here, I mean, that's pretty damn cool.
And toastie, especially in December.
That's what I'm trying to say.
The 20th of December, no one's going to be sunny in 45 degrees.
There's not such thing as global warming.
And like I told you yesterday, the good thing for me is I'll be long since dead before all
the polar ice caps totally melt and you're all going to drown and stuff like that.
But all you punk's man, I learned to swim real well.
I have this little bit of advice for you.
Oh, speaking of Getskies, and I hate to do this at this time of the year.
I'll say the story to laughter, we take some more of these really good calls.
Well, there's so many of them.
They're like an outpouring.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
He's so great.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing sensational, man.
Excellent radio, my friend.
Good to hear you back.
It sounds like you're ready to send that contract.
Lifetime.
Lifetime.
How about those big, fattenerly numbers?
Yeah.
How they coming along?
I just got through giving them.
We kicked ass, man.
Oh, did you?
We kicked ass.
QM is on the open hour.
Now they think I got the line up straight enough.
Finally, thanks to me and Joe.
Excellent, Neil.
All right, my friend.
You take care.
OK, have a happy, pal.
OK, let's give those numbers again.
They don't kill some good time.
He didn't hear them.
The number on our poll is 1126.
And we were finding a lot of good numbers on that my space page.
Let me say it again.
See, because I know what's going to happen eventually down the road if we get like all involved with that thing.
Like we are now.
Like we are now.
Like we are now.
Oh, much more said.
This is just the teeny tiny tip of the iceberg, man.
We are just starting to explore what's living and breathing that's out there.
And you don't know what's real, what's fact, fiction, and what's friction, and whatever.
But somebody out there in this audience, don't go brain on us.
OK, if you can't control yourself, if you are some kind of a prevert.
Now I am a prevert, but I have a little common sense.
And I am not going to get myself in any of a jackpot like a crackpot.
But some of you people out there are going to start communicating with some of these people.
And you are going to be sorry.
I am just telling you right now.
You are going to get burned.
And when you get burned because you are an idiot, look at me and go like that.
Right?
Right.
We told you, don't say we didn't warn you right ahead of time because it's a place for punks and scumks and chumps and whatever.
Monks?
I wouldn't be surprised if somebody would have a monk in there.
Why sure?
I miss the monks in talking about good Fr. and Superman.
Oh, God was a good place.
Monks in.
Along before your time, no, you know, way back in the day.
That's what us old folks talk about.
All the famous restaurant, all the great places, long before you punks were born.
A woman who reported a vicious attack by an ad hoc modesty patrol on a Jerusalem bus last month is now lining up support for her case
and may be included in a petition to the High Court of Justice over the legality of sex-segregated buses.
This is in Jerusalem.
Miriam Mishir said she was traveling to prey at the Western Wall in Jerusalem's old city early November 24
when a group of alter orthodoxy, heredity men, attacked her for refusing to move to the back of the number two bus.
She's now in touch with several legal advocacy and women's organizations and at the same time waiting for the police to apprehend her attackers.
In her first interview since the incident, she asserted that on the bus three weeks ago she was slapped, kicked, punched and pushed by a group of far-bicent men,
who demanded that she sit in the back of the bus with the other women.
The bus driver in response to a media inquiry denied that the violence was used against her, but she as a count has been substantiated
by an unrelated eyewitness on the bus who confirmed that she sustained an unprovoked severe beating.
Sheeran American Israeli woman who currently lives in Canada says that on a recent five-week vacation it was real she rode the bus daily to the old city of prey at sunrise.
Though not defined by the bus line as a sex-segregated mehadrian bus, women usually sit in the back while men sit in the front as a matter of custom,
because the far-bicent treat women like garbage.
Every two or three days someone would tell me to sit in the back sometimes politely and sometimes not to be called this week in telephone interview.
I was always polite and said no, this is not a synagogue, I'm not going to sit in the back.
But sheeran a 50-year-old religious sketch-key woman says that on the morning of the 24th a man got on the bus and demanded her seat, even though there were a number of other seats available on the front of the bus.
I said I'm not moving and he said I'm not asking you, I'm telling you.
Then he spat in my face and at that point I was in high adrenaline mode and called him a son of a bitch which I'm not proud of.
Then I spat back, she says, how do you like that?
At that point he pushed me down and people on the bus were screaming that I was crazy.
Four men surrounded me and slapped my face, punched me in the chest, pulled him my clothing, beat me, kicked me, my snooved hair covering came off.
Well that's bad when your snooge comes off.
I was fighting back and kicked one of the men in his private, so I'll never forget to look on his face.
He was going, just like that.
Sheer says that when she bent down in the aisle to retrieve her hair covering one of the men kicked her in the face, thanks God he missed my eyes, she says I got up and punched him.
I said I want my hair covering back but he wouldn't give it to me so I took his black hat and threw it in the aisle.
Wow, get your keys gone wild man.
You think that next fight there, that it was nothing.
Throughout the encounter sheer says the bus driver did nothing, the other passenger says blinder for not moving to the back of the bus and called her a stupid American with no common sense.
No sayful, it says. I've never seen that in writing before. No sayful. Wow.
Aren't you impressed that I can actually read that word?
Yeah, he has much of a hit in Jewish I am.
People blame me for not knowing my place and not going to the back of the bus where I belong.
According to Yeshua Meyer, the eyewitness to the incident, sheers account is entirely accurate.
I saw everything he said, someone got on the bus and demanded that she go to the back which he didn't agree.
She was badly beaten and her whole body sustained hits and kicks.
She tried to fight back and nobody would help her.
I tried to help and somebody was stopping me from getting up.
I was going veismir and nobody knew what the hell I was talking about.
My phone battery was dead so I couldn't call the police.
I yelled for the bus driver to stop. He stopped once but didn't do anything.
When we finally got to the western wall, she was beaten badly.
I helped her go to the police.
She said, how do you like that?
All these far-fishing men, all these crazy religious still on the tell you again.
All you pucks out there, the crazy people are the religious people and the religious people are the dangerous people.
Stay the hell away.
The biggest name of the festival is Rio Rogers.
Don't let me tell you, don't bother me while I'm in here.
I, sir.
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, I'm not.
I got there but Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the protest?
Sir, you told me to move the protest.
I didn't tell you when you must have misunderstood me.
No, sir. You said move the protest to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe. On the boss.
I make the decisions. You take the heat.
Right.
You'll move the protest.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
What would I be?
Remus!
Yeah, boss.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remus.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir. What was your question?
I'm killing you. I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and not Michael Jackson called me every three minutes,
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remus!
Get him, boss. Stop it, Remus!
I'm so sorry, boss. Stop the floor, Remus.
Remus!
It's one fist in my hand, Remus.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remus.
That's a phone, boss.
Right. I can't hear anything, Remus. Stop's sawing the floor.
Sorry.
All right, sir.
Sir, the moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time for me to...
What the fuck?
What the fuck? It's time for me to see the WB!
Barely.
Oh, my God.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course, hold on a second.
Remus!
What the hell are you doing with a high monocle reading a little so
Don't play it, Remus. I'll jam up thing down your throat and get the food right away from me
I'm allergic eyes are sir over 25 million people
So stop up either listen. Yeah, you see me what I'm doing here. So you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone
Do you see what I'm doing? You're a imagination for crying out loud. I'm moving my hands up and down
Slide to side. I'm the puppet master. I plan you do it now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview
But sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work
puppet master me
Yes, what the hell you doing now listen to flow ball. It's nothing wrong with the floor remits. What's this in my ear?
That's your penis both my other ear remits
The phone remiss get out
I'm sorry sir. I'm sorry sir. I'm sorry
We've turned the corner and everything is a sweet. I mean sweet because somebody we know what say
Don't you think? Yeah, it's pretty sweet
Speaking of that most Americans have had premarital sex study finds like we need to have a survey for this and of course the
Getkies out there the religions will say oh you've made that's a sin. Yeah, everything's a sin
Yeah, everything that's good anyway that is correct if it feels good if it tastes good if you like it if you want to do it again
It must be really bad and God is gonna punish you for it
That's why he invented in the first place because he's a sadistic bastard
Almost all Americans have premarital sex as a report published yesterday that analyzes federal data over time and suggest
Programs focusing on safe lapsens until marriage may be unrealistic. Let me say it again unrealistic
The reality of the situation is that most people had premarital sex and it's been that way for several decades had Lawrence Finer
Directive domestic research that the goodmocker in student New York City based on like a bunch of Nazis
The goodmocker around student New York City based on private organization that studies reproductive and sexual health
The study which used statistics
Obviously this is chopped off again on the edge. This is bad as
40,000 people ages 15 to 44 and trace the trends of premarital sex back to the 50s of those interviewed in
2002 95% before they have had premarital sex 93% self the women board in the 40s nearly 9 intended it
And this isn't gonna make too much sense because the part of it's chopped off, but I don't care
You know, it's the 20th of December do we care no at the same time
It's shocked I can't make any sense of it
Too bad, but anyway, they're doing it just in case you had a doubt they're doing it and another thing
Nobody ever got a sexually transmitted disease from cyber sex
Okay, and don't be getting no web cams for many minors out there either because otherwise they're gonna come
You're gonna write up on date line Chris Hansen's gonna be coming knock it on your door any minute, okay?
What are you looking at there boy? Uh-oh?
Not good
See I'm I'm gonna be a terrified all these people and I've answered several emails to a whole bunch of people aren't you impressed?
Don't don't you think this is a bad idea?
because it's you know
Gonna occupy all my time. I'm gonna have time to even fart in between breaks here on the show
Well, it's a little excitement for you. That's right, and of course it comes in a very good time
I need a little bit of excitement to inject after a depressing couple of weeks, and it's just the way it goes
Just the way it is, okay, it's just you know you have a bad experience and you have a good experience
Then you have an erotic one and then you have an erotic one. I'm waiting for the erotic one
1155 votes Moe Howard David it's strictly a tourist race
It's all you need to know who has been the most deserving of my rip in them and ask over the years Moe Howard David
It's a
131 and Joyce Fitz 243
Which reminds me I have a
Almost forgot about it
Of course I'm stalling for time cuz I'm looking for it
But I almost did forget about it. I have a special Christmas gift for Joyce
There you go sweetheart just for you
See now if George was there he'd find that song especially for you by the McGuire systems on the cruel records from 100 years ago
But you're not gonna find that because you don't got that crap
So you found my friend there on the amice base paid in your unimpressed. Well, that's just you being you know
As opposed to saying yeah, that's a good looking kid. You know I can see why you're like all smitten with that and getting sticking your nose in that picture real deep, you know
You could have said that even just just to make me feel yeah, what you said what you said
Look at that phone baby. It's down to a precious few
Now maybe of course some of our old parts are saying all of this my space. Well, what do we know from this, you know?
See that's gonna be a real battle now to see if we can continue maintaining the the big Mo the big momentum that we had going with with our
Geriatric audience, you know old parts like over the age of 30 and
All these pumps now we're discovering the show and getting about give me about as my spacecraft. I don't want to get too involved, you know
I want to get to involve more in doubt right now
And I think I can mix these bedtime stories with all the stuff to I think again because for example my close personal friend there
Whatever the hell his name is he said that he found out what that was going on in the world by listening to my show
So you know these kids in between just doing all kinds of perverted stuff and smoking a lot of dope in between that
They want to know a little bit about what's going on out there now not too much, you know
Right, so maybe I never quote on the bedtime stories maybe not like you know the whole day just maybe yeah
That would be good might like maybe a little over two an hour two an hour and then one longer one to come out to the nine
Moreing doubt and I just read a more in calm yesterday that was the one from a Sunday now
She's got another one because it's Wednesday. It's would buying Wednesday
Boy, I can smell it man. I'm gonna find a good machine. I'm gonna win that 166 grand progressive jackpot. I guess what I'm seven 10% to Josh
Me no
Oh, how now am I gonna send money to somebody that is like a what what is that?
That's like said I'm gonna send 10% to Jacob, you know, what am I gonna do send out in the middle of the Sahara Desert somewhere?
Maybe I'll send a telegram to that boulder
That a good idea
The older I get the boulder I am the Red Rock Canyon boulder set a telegram just squat it right on there
Marine Dodd says flunking our future
The only sex that may be more savage than Shiites and Sunis are the Democratic feminist lawmakers representing northern and southern California
After Nancy Pelosi and Jane Harmon had their final cat fight about who would lead the House Intelligence Committee
Happily enough at the four seasons Harris Lawn in Georgetown the new speaker passed over the knowledgeable and camera eager Ms. Harmon and
Missed defiantly gave the consequential drop to Sylvester Ray is of Texas
Mr. Ray is probably tripped over the most critical theme in the field of intelligence
Jeff Stein interviewing the upcoming chairman for the Congressional quarterly asked him whether Al Qaeda was Suni or Shiite
Predominantly probably Shiite the lawmaker guest as Mr. Stein corrected him in the article Al Qaeda is profoundly Suni
If a Shiite showed up at an Al Qaeda club, I would say slice off his head and use it for a soccer ball
Mr. Stein followed up with a Hezbollah question. What are they again? Mr. Reyes was stumped
Hezbollah he stammered out Hezbollah let me ask me these questions at five o'clock. Can I answer in Spanish?
Okay, KS Hezbollah
She says
Sounding as naked of essentials as Britney Spears the new intelligence oversight chief pleaded that it was hard to keep all the category straight
Thank heavens Mr. Stein never got to this Syrian alawights
Many Americans including those in charge of Middle East policy are be funneled and fed up with the entrenchant travel and religious
Fevers of the region as Bill O'Reilly says the remark. I don't ever want to hear Shia and Suni again
But it's beyond the job description of top officials to worst the problems away
Especially when the entire region is decomposing me for our blurry eyes if Mr. Reyes had been reading the newspaper might have noticed Mr.
Stein's piece on the Times op-ed page too much earlier in which like a wonkish al-e-g
He caught many intelligence and law enforcement officials as well as members of Congress who didn't know the difference between a Suni and a Shiite
Too many officials from charge of war and terrorism just don't care to learn much if anything about the enemy
We're fighting he concluded and that's enough to keep anybody up at night the lack of intelligent urgency about our Middle East wars is chilling
The Iraq study group ordered that our efforts in Iraq are handicapped by the fact that our embassy of a thousand is only 33 Arab big speakers and just six of them are fluent
W of course failed to foreign affairs pop quiz and still became a close ally of the Pakistani dictator
He referred to as general that general
Once they have the job being set up a politician to study is somewhat dull
Charles Z. Wick who headed the West Information Agency during the Reagan years sent a memo to a staff saying that he and the president
He didn't know if France was a member of NATO
Mr. Reagan had already been the president for years the Times Steve Weisman reported when he expressed the price of reading that the Soviets had most of their nuclear weapons on land-based missiles while America had relatively few
One possibility is that Mr. Sons questions who just too darn hard
He should have pitched a few warms like how many sides are in the Thessaloniki triangle or which religious figure?
Muhammad or Jesus hasn't been the subject of a Mel Gibson film
Perhaps the questions could be for a jeopardy style as in the name shared by two kings in Jordan and Saudi Arabia. What is Abdullah?
I'm all the patrols might be easier on heried policy makers for instance
Which of the following quotes can be attributed to Dictani a so long as the Arabs fight against the tribe so long
They will be a little people a silly people greedy barbarous and cruel
Be down run still does the finest secretary to defences nations ever had and see certain things are not known to those week with forks
Or this is the Shiite crescent a a puffy dinner roll be a new Ramadan moon or see an archive crisis
Once our leaders get a grasp of the basics
We can hit them in a truly hard question three and a half years after the invasion of Iraq when you relate
Three thousand American troops did and the Iraqis now remotely interested in order or democracy what on earth do we do now?
The biggest name so best talents to the business
Well like you like a very much as
Here is the king
I don't have a miller and I'm much for a while
But I want y'all to know but up here in rock and roll heaven. I'll be thinking of you this Christmas
And not to give y'all a special Christmas message a message to peace
Like how about a little piece of that high go bomb
Like a whole friend
Christmas is a time of who time of joy or time for love and I sure would love it takes lies that teacher you got there
Okay, what was no more?
What about oh yeah Christmas?
The Christmas to me means family and family means friends
Friends means getting together and getting together means
Eat all passing that time to take which place
Now just want to say to you right now
You know, I may be a big star maybe too big
But ain't nobody so big you can't reach out a helping hand
Helping a hand
Would you hand me a helping over the mic?
Dator's over there, which is please like it like very much
Now I was telling anybody so big he can't stoop to help a friend and need over the holiday season
I'm speaking of season
You want to pass me that soul sugar when you get the chance like it. Yeah, just just a screw the color
That's like
So this Christmas why don't y'all take a tip from old a. O.S
Now I'll leave those steak tips right where they are. You know what I mean?
You know I appreciate it. I want you to remember we're all part of guys great big family
And you know God made man unto his own image and look in the mirror. I have to say God must be a big big
Son of a gun. You know what I mean? I like you dear
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing
And y'all that whom is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree
Save a big big bowl for the candy extra butter. No, I mean
I like you dear
Have another bowl faster at 100 double C's pizza and a few more than cheaper is to 12 34 26 to 1 at 5 60 W
Thank God the action on the my space has come down a little bit probably because it's a long time when you think I hope
Yeah, that's it. I need a break and then I got just for my buddy. You're slimy. I mean moishy
I just had to send him I'm just maybe I got to take this computer out of here. You're whipped up man
We mean by that
You're whipped up, but it's a good thing
In a positive way. Yeah, negative anymore. Oh, no, in a most positive and beautiful way. That's correct
Well, it's that kind of the area, you know
Maybe somebody will wrap that thing up and descend it here when it gets to be legal
56705 60 in pond 560 for russian and singular wireless line
Need to get these phones pumping here, baby. And of course now that it's Wednesday before Christmas
Remember what happened yesterday. We started out not great. Although today I would say it's been a little bit better when you
Okay, you don't think the phone a bit has been a little bit improved
We actually had some people say something they're so far with like one
No, we have no way not Chris. Are you listening to this?
He's just still mad about the whole you know
Not about the hot the guy he's just jealous that's what it is because I made the comment that you're not in his
The same game you're not you know, I mean you're you're a human looking guy. I mean maybe not the best
But I mean you're okay. He's outing between breaks. Is that it? Never gets you through the day, you know, but uh he
Believe me he's getting me through the day. That's no just one of those things just just a little friendship and a little kinship and a little bonding
That's all online my space in your place and my face
56705 60 and pond power 60 in the Verizon
Wireless line see now you're not talking to George now, okay? I'm not gonna go back into that crap again at the show
He did that was oh man. What are you talking about you know the one I'm talking about I'm not I'm not
I don't think I do. I'm not going back there again WDQ way in hello
hi
WDQ way in hello
Neil yes sir happy with the woodbind winsey to you and back to you say um I'm a sorry story about the slot machines
It's nothing I have nothing against them, but my old man
When I'm poor mother died, he married this woman and she used the slot machines money laundering deal
He put all the money in for her gave her the money and then she every time that hit a jackpot she put that check in her
Thank you, Kathy. So she pretty much cleaned him out with the slot machines. Isn't it sweet now?
She was a really sweet person
Are you have good all day and you too paly? Okay. Thanks a lot. Watch out for those slots man
All depends on which slot and where it is a lot of guys could all work that about those slots
1180 votes 1180 dollar 1180 w h a m in Rochester
Well, I'm sure glad I don't live there anymore
For that couple of was asking me on our my space where they should do the thing
You know a lot of people want to get out of South Fort Nancy. Good idea
I got a good idea why not go to Vegas and sell insurance
How's that so?
I mean I'm not necessarily like through any real people just like out there in the middle of the desert
Go out there and sell insurance for it. They're just telling everybody you're gonna go to Vegas and sell insurance to be good
56705 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
What a wicked web we weave when we practice to believe
Isn't that how that thing goes something like that? Yeah
By the way all your kids out there there's no Santa Claus your parents lied like crazy
And that's because that's how they were raised to lie through their teeth because they thought it was really cute
You know just like the God bull crap
Nobody Q a m. Hello. Hey good morning. Hill. Yes sir. Good evening. How you doing? This is Dave from Skyline
Chilli up here in sunrise. I'm giving you a call
Dave from Skyline chili is chronic again. What's going what happened yesterday you called us Dave?
I forgot what you said
I had my other dad calling
No, we uh we have invited you. We heard you talking about Jacob over there. We want you guys to come in. I don't know if you've talked with him
Yeah, I had a chat with Jacob. He's gonna be busy in the desert next week
and the desert yeah
Oh, what is is he is he like a stalker? Yeah, he's a stalker right?
Oh
Boy it sounds to me like I'm talking to the stalkers over there. Hey Jacob they're after your ass. We'd art
And even though you're gonna chance to ice me for this and I you know after all that what happened? I still love him, you know
It's true that that's just me. I'm just an emotional kind of guy and not like I love that and a different totally different way to leave me
Because Jacob is not in that category. He may think he is you know, I'm sure you you know
A lot of these punks have a high opinion of themselves
But I still love him with a passion like he was my long-awaited nephew and then I did find my long-awaited nephew
Not that I even know him but that was amazing last night
I'm just getting ready to go to bed
And I thought well, maybe there's a message or two on there uh certainly not from anybody
I know and of course my buddy Harry was on there from Detroit my back-end in coach
And then all of a sudden here's my uh cousin's son
From Naples, New York. I don't want to use their last name on here because nobody's business about my relatives
But you know and come to find out that everybody's alive and they're okay and like that
And come to find out that he's listening online and he says
He just obsessed with his show obsessed with it
29 year old guy and that amazing you he's obsessed
He smiles from ear to ear as he's listening
And he said something about balls. I think there was something began with an F before that. Yeah
He appreciates my big balls from a distance that is your breath are beautiful
Oh
Was the night before Christmas the whole house was mellow
Not a creature with staring
Because I had my gun under the pillow run up on the roof. I heard something now
Yo keep it down
When what to my wanderer and I should appear but the dawn of all elves and a friggin rain be
With a slotted a snout and a yank on the main
You curse running shout
Your Tony your Frankie your Joey your Vito
Hey Paulie. Hey Vinnie. Hey rackle. Hey Gwito with slicked back like hair and a rick silk suit
Don Christopher was here and he brought the loops
As I drew out my gun and hit by the bed he flew through the way and slapped me upside the head
No, why you getting this cold you friggin moron
Then point in a finger right up my nose he twisted his pinky rings and up the chimney he rolls
That I hide him yellow I least expected my refrigerant Christmas the world and his better show summer
1246 fun if I don't throw it tomorrow morning before the show forget to
And we'll give you that information I need
Hi
Huh about the past world and other stuff. Oh, yeah, I forgot about it
My vacation I certainly don't want to let down all of my penpels out there are gonna be inundated
It'll be the week of Christmas to me. There's nobody in their right mind is gonna be wasting their time with that
Well, we'll get us not here. I'll have to call it out. It wouldn't be my dinner. Well, he's off this week. He's off all week. Yeah
What did you say? Huh? Wow, that's bad. Well, you'll find it. You'll find a way. Where does the world is away?
A woman going now. This is a real rocket scientist this old bag a woman going through security at LA International
Put her month old grandson into a plastic bin intended for carry on items and slid it into an x-ray machine
The early Saturday incident bizarre but not unprecedented to cut air for workers by surprise
Even though the security line wasn't busy at the time a screen or watching the machines monitor
Immediately notice the outline of a baby and pulled them in backward on the conveyor belt
The infant was taken to sent in a hospital where doctors determined he did not receive the dangerous dose of radiation
Maybe grandma'll take a moment pop them in microwave, huh
Officials with a clienta released a 56 year old woman's name said she spoke Spanish
Maybe I do not apparently understand no speaking in English. She initially didn't want to baby transported to a hospital
But security officials called paramedics and insisted the child be examined by a doctor
The grandmother the avuela and the child were subsequently allowed to board the last airlines flight to Mexico City of all places good place for
The medicine and due attention to whether officials are staffing often busy security checkpoints and up to prevent such an accident and a raised question about the danger of x-rays
Used to pick up suspicious metal shapes and passenger bags given the medical communities warnings that even low amounts of radiation can build up over lifetime
You know with all the traveling that I've done can you imagine the amount of radiation in my body?
Wow, I'm just like a walk in time bomb
You know what I mean? What are these days?
Rather than focus on the radiation dose, which is a small amount we need to focus on why this happens
So it doesn't happen again to Dr. James Borg steed a diagnostic radiologist at Penrose St. Francis Health
Systems in Colorado Springs and president of the American College of Radiology human beings were not meant to go through those things
He said huh
In the several seconds the baby spent on the machine that doctor read it was exposed to as much radiation
It would naturally get from cosmic rays or high energy from outer space in a day
High energy from outer space baby go inside don't be squatting on a big boulder out there in the desert because you're gonna get all that radiation from outer space in your place and in your face
Don't get it in your face
Security experts said the incident the incident underscored a more widespread concern about the screening process and LAFs and other airports
The screeners are still reporting that they're being pushed said run
Celebrity return FAA security agent if a baby can get through what the hell else can get through
How about grandma's teeth? What do you think? How about her bag? How about Larry King's bag
You think they make him stick the bag of one of those things and shovel it through there when he goes in the airport
And it suspenders
man
How are we doing on that pool? I bet you're what we're gonna get today maybe 13
I wouldn't be surprised at all. We're gonna get 13 under votes today on the 20th of December wow heavy heavy duty
Is my fact we got trouble one already?
Here's another one of those polls of course we take a poll on the show every day on our website because that you know that
It's like a hook because most of you got nothing to say and nothing in your mind and that's okay. We understand
Life is tough
So we take the pool is like kind of a far a starting point
But everybody in their brothers always taking these stupid polls then you got all these different
associations and all these different
rocket scientists studying these stupid ass things stress
Now let me just see if Eric has got that thing ready for you. Oh, yeah, he's got a ready for you to switch at five o'clock
I'm excited about huh? I'm excited
Why because you get to switch the pool? You didn't give you a feeling of power. Oh, yeah
Or should I say power? There's a bad idea. Maddie Bell. So oh Maddie by the way Josh is not gonna work for you
He thinks you're an idiot
Because I asked Josh here that said you know, we know what you think about Greg Reed you're not too fond of Greg
But what do you think about Maddie Bell? He said oh
He's a little jyke kind of funny looking stress that tense feeling often connected to having too much to do too many bills to pay
Not enough time or money too many emails to answer on your my space page
Too many pictures to drool over
It's a common emotion in those few borders
About three-fourths of people in the US Australia Canada, France, Germany, Italy, South Korea and the UK say the experience stress on a daily basis according to AP of source polling
Those anxious feelings are being more intense during these holidays man. It's a stressful time of the year. It's a bitch
Spaniards
61% were not as wound up as those in most other countries pulled
And they could all take a listen from Mexico where more than half the Mexican said they rarely or never experienced rest in their daily lives
But then oh, there's a your girlfriend. It is a Lana Lang or whatever the whole thing is way
Her calm. Oh, yeah
Wait, where I'm on the scene. I'm not gonna say it. I don't want to argue with you. Okay?
Because I have seen her where she looks really as smoke in his gets and I've seen her where she looks like
What huh she looks gay? No, I'm just your gay and she's really hot
So in other words, I can't tell how looking one more back to that again
Listen, okay, I'll grab every straight guy in the building and I'll pull him in here if you'd like
Okay, you're gonna grab every gay guy and a straight kind of building and pull him is that we just said
Huh? Wow, that sounds awfully gay to me. But anyway, can I get back to this story and forget about the terror Conner and the Donald Trump with a purple hair
When you think of God with a kind of money. He's got what at least you know go out there looking like a human being
You would think purple hair. I mean the red hair he had before that was a bad piece. That was nasty. But the purple one
Anyway, come back to the stress
Uh, it says when the word stress was mentioned the Heidi Zebit of Durham connector recently
It seemed to touch a bundle of nerves. She has those nerve endings man
My life is just so stressful right now. I'm exploding all over the place
Zebit a paralegal and single mother of three boys
financials the stresses are putting me under the table
After a whole day of work we finished dinner and do homework by non-PM. I'm fried. She said she's fried
and if she was friends she would be
really fried
And it's magnified by the holidays. She said the a- they emotionally string us all out
They string our kids out as far as hopes and expectations
Germans feel stressed more intensely than those in other countries pulled
Huh, I'll deliver
People in the Westside financial pressures is the top worry about half the people in Britain said they frequently or sometimes felt
Life was beyond their control the highest level in the 10th country surveyed
In most of those countries men were more likely to say their lives were never out of control
The idea that we French leading the good life is totally utopian said Pascal Mungay
Pascal Mungay a councilor to private Paris tutoring firm
We are as stressed as anyone she said
The factors of cost to rest around the increase in modern industrial democracies
They include multiple jobs long commutes and increasingly complex technology
The level of stress and fast-paced technological societies has been accelerating to Gertian Kaufman
See what I mean all these experts
Oh, he's a practicing clinical psychologist and professor meridus and Michigan State University
I could old move you baby and he's lancing
I wonder if my name is still on the water in each shawhaul I doubt it
It's 40
40 or five years ago. Why would it be?
Hey, don't start talking about stuff you don't know about okay. Have you ever been to Michigan State?
The whole never been to an east shawhaul
No, well the manual business
There's an increased emphasis placed on wealth in this country. We're gradually exposed for actually
I wrote my name also on a in florist Italy in pherenza
What the hell is that bridge? Oh, they got all those bridges that go across the river there
Oh, what is that one? I can't think of it. Anyway
And on the wall there everybody had you know written the tourists they write their name and what the date was
And they were here and mo this one was here and that one
And mo was here and so I wrote my name on here many years ago and I think
On a bridge pontivecchio. That's the bridge
Inferenza florist never been to florist have you guys
No, no beautiful place beautiful. I would beautiful people too, man
You just you just wander around in the summertime in florist and your tongue drags along the along the street
In the US Britain and Mexico finances were said the most frequently is the top source of stress
Jobs with the top source of stress and austria Canada Germany Italy South Korea and is spania the French viewed jobs and finances equally as the top sources of stress stress
I know a little something about stress last couple of weeks
But now if you just if you just a survivor hang right in there, you know
We can overcome and know what they say now what martin Luther King said we shall overcome. Uh-huh
That's right
In several countries those who were in the highest income said their jobs are they leading sources stress while those who made the lowest not surprisingly said finances
And in many countries like Italy, Germany and France the word stress has such a powerful influence that has become incorporated their language
For the Germans just over half said they frequently feel stressed new daily lives the high stress level in any country pulled
During the week I often don't get home until lunch
It didn't time in my wife expects me to help with the children
Then there's dinner to be made often bring work home from the office on top of that said Roland wife Schneider 33 of Berlin
Wapatch, he's a good looking guy
If he's 33 and he's in Berlin the odds are he's a fine looking a little bit old for me who works in public relations
He said I'd like to have time to go to the gym, but it's just not possible
But Germans were they least likely of any group told to say they felt that life was beyond their control
The polling of about a thousand people in each country was conducted between November 13th and 26 and as a margin sampling your
Mosseumain is 3%
With all this pressure bearing down on them people find various ways to deal with it for Connecticut single mom Heidi's Abbott the key is good friends
When it gets the hardest there's always there's they're always there for me. She said
I have a line for that but George would have an arrest breakdown
Paris Tutoring customer Pascal Longay started taking weekly piano and swimming lessons
That's seem I don't know it seems like kind of strange combination isn't piano and swimming lessons
also
And from Mexico City construction worker Javier Juan one of the reasons he almost never experienced his stress
Maybe his strength and sense of priorities
What Juan worries about most are the well-being of his family members especially his wife and children's
They're health and how I'm going to obtain money to cure them is the biggest worry one said more than anything else
Well, there you go
So all the stress all the time. It of course is a very stressful business
I've eliminated the stress from my life. I
Have with the help of a few friends in my own cycle analization. I have eliminated the stress and then my space is good for limiting stress, you know
Really?
Yeah, you look at some of those pictures on there and it puts a big smile on your face
And maybe even a big smile between your cheeks. Right. Don't maybe a smile there too
The biggest name my best talent for the face is wheel roger sports radio 560
You
For it whole fairy came upon something great
gave them something good that they all ate
In a while they were moved depends and put on the bear of no last Japanese and hey boy
Take a ride on the toy side
They said oh boy take the ride on the toy side and the tranny girl play
Eating too much soil will make you gay
You'll be watching board and school grab as play
The soil make you gay or then a Leo con repulsed look in with their
boy
Take a ride on the toy side
Hey, you're good. Take a ride on the toy side and the tranny girl play
101 at 560 WDQM on a fabulous Wednesday is wood buying Wednesday the sun is shining here
I wouldn't be surprised if it was a hundred degrees out there, you know
Either that I'm just getting like emotional in my old age maybe I'm just again all he
Oh look at that's gonna be it's already 40 year 3 gonna be 45 in it and toasty for the 20th of DC M today
And I'm here too much screaming in the own about those nice ratings we end there. How that's that's two thirds of the fall book
Hello
Yeah, he's oh he's uh in dispose I guess wait wait wait by that well he's not here or he he's letting
other kids he's doing a decent and doose because he had all of that food all of that soup
Yeah, I wonder how it went over there with the original soup man and Evan sure
Which we thank them again for all that delicious soup they brought now did you partake?
I had a little bit. I wasn't really into seafood. So I had some of the vegetable chili. I see and not too much not too bad pretty good
Not too bad. Well, I'm not really into like the vegetable soup
So you know, but since you've not like the one you had learned enough is gonna have to come in here and give you some lessons
I mean it was great. There you go
I'm sure it was very good. I'm not an individual soup for those pretty good. It was good. Oh anyway the
original soup man is a 20475 this game bullet bar in the promenade shops and it features the get rated soups of out
Yagina Yagina. Am I saying that right? Sure
Who inspired the soup episode on sign fell or you didn't watch sign fell either? Nope
Good you got the job
The store's location is the 22nd original soup man opened since the franchise concept was launched last year
And they got other stuff they got wraps into the wrapping it and whatever else
So maybe that's what Josh is doing right now wrapping it maybe like with a sea in front. Yeah, he just walked in here
I'm back with pretty good. I hear that you were like I'm loading some of those 85 meals you had today already
They've done surprised me at all now. What was I asking him before? I don't know I asked you something might be important
And of course Chris is a member because he wasn't paying any attention
I was loading the spots at the time so don't worry. I'll get you those my space passports
Oh, no, that's very important make no mistake about that
I know what I was thinking about for example
Because I know that when I when I directed you to that page 18 there of our all our 80 million friends
Mm-hmm
And I'm sure you clicked on that thing hoping that you were gonna find some more
In front and maybe even confabulate with my close personal friend and telling hey you ain't nothing man. You're like
Uh-huh just like that. That's what I did. He's got it set to private. I
Know
So all you perverts out there that want to confabulate with the people on there just because they look really smoke into you
Uh-huh forget about that he only you know like other people that set stuff to private because they're running away, you know
And I'm confident that my new close friend isn't gonna run away anytime soon and probably anytime at all
Well
That is this has been a banner a week not just a banner day, but a banner week for me. It's just been beyond belief
Never would have thought so weak to go with you of course you want vacation week
Just with and I noticed by the way that you run our my space page last week. Why do you want vacation?
No, I have you weren't what are you talking about you were on there man? Listen to me. I didn't bring a cell phone little on a computer
You were on there no or maybe with somebody impersonating you again on there
Maybe I don't know well. That's what your buddy says online. He said that uh, you know
He understands that people can go under and see your picture in person and pretend to be you now. How did you fight out about that?
Because they were they were one of your friends and they were posted in your you know top friends and it was a picture of me
Yeah, and his name was like Steve or something. I don't know. What is name probably some old fag yeah
From 123 votes we got the 1300 licked. I believe I mean not necessarily we need 77 mo in 55 minutes
But I think that should be a no-drainer man
Doug Thompson and excuse me for reading stuff on here, but I'm gonna do a couple of many way
Doug Thompson because he hasn't had one of his rants in a few days. I'm careful to he'll move out coming
I love Doug Thompson's one of my favorite writers, but you know, he's uh, he's in hiding like a lot of people these days
He's in hiding and he's got the reason to because the government is come after his ass
After voters overwhelmingly rejected president George W Bush's illegal and failure were in Iraq tossed out the correct Republican leadership of Congress and sent a strong message that things needed to change and change right away
It appears we're back on the same old dead end road to a war that won't end can't be won led by a president who won't listen and he didn't embedded by a congress
That won't stop him. They heading on the column by the way is the more things change the more they stay the same
Borscht and interview with the Washington Post made it clear yesterday that he'll send more American troops to fight and die in Iraq
Because he still labors under the illusion that his failed work can be won
And looks like the new Democratic leadership of Congress will let him do so without questioning or recrimination
In coming Senate majority leader Harry Reid said he supports an increase in true levels to restore stability in Iraq
But claims that increase should only be temporary and the troops must be brought home in other words
little little little like that
In the house speaker to be Nancy Pelosi has told Democrats to want to investigate Bush or even impeach him to cool it
And she says she in the leadership will seek ways to work with the White House that bitch
I'm not surprised to read's capitulation says dog Thompson
He's a corrupt bribe taking old school politician with a growing defensitated industry in this homestay in Nevada
He knows that playing to the war mongers is good for business as well as this campaigned war chest and Reid has a long history of getting rich off his political contacts
By the expected more Pelosi the San Francisco liberal who promised to bring change to the House
But Pelosi's no reformer how she's the daughter of Thomas Delisandro the mob controlled mayor who turned Baltimore over to organize crime during his reign of corruption in the 40s
Pelosi likes to brag that she learned politics at her father's feet and looks like she learned her lessons well
As soon as the Democrats won the November midterm elections
Pelosi took impeachment of Bush off the agenda and meaning it was just a campaign gimmick
And impeachment is off the table. It's a waste of time she told 60 minutes
You have to wonder how much some Republican fat cat paid for that decision another corrupt politician bought
Says dog
He says let's look back to what's happened since the November midterm elections
The Democrats weak to power in the House and Senate aid by a straighted by a strong anti-war sentiment from voters
Then they immediately stopped talking about any firm timetable for withdrawal from Iraq
Pelosi tells her incoming chairman to forget about impeachment
The day after the election Bushvars defense secretary Rumsfeld the public face of the war and a poised former CIA head Robert Gates who tells Congress that we're losing the war
The Iraq study group issues it's long awaited reporter gined diplomacy and same combat troops should be withdrawn by 2008
And replacing it by moralitarian advisors
But the bottom line of the ISD report is that the situation in Iraq is grave and deteriorating
Just like the numbers across the street grave and deteriorating
Gates then starts talking about the need to win in Iraq the same nonsense line with the
Rumsfeld Bush and chain use the Pentagon says it needs more troops in Iraq to complete the mission and Bush admits the US is not winning the war and says more troops are necessary to win
We're back to where we were before
More Americans dying in Iraq would plans to send an even more to die more billions wasted in the war that most military experts
They can't be one no matter how many troops we send in a president who continues to do whatever he damn well
pleases and a congress that will sit on its collective ass and do nothing nice going dog
I tell you huh back home sometimes these are the best
When you say he's the best or one of the very best yes, he would yeah, you know, you don't pay attention any of these stories. I read
I read a little bit of them sometimes
I'm not talking about the ones I send you to put on the website
I'm talking about the ones I sit here and peep my guts out sweating and bleeding over hot microphone reading here on the show every day
You're probably on your damn my space there
Check it out somehow chickity on there right now wouldn't surprise me
Mm
And I sure hope that you're Russian girlfriend don't find out about it
Because from what you were saying yesterday she's a little bit of the jealous side. Is that what you were saying?
No, no, no, I just got myself in a bind. That's all
Well, what does that mean you I don't want to I don't want to put you on a spot
I don't need to get put on the spot. I'll tell you exactly what happened
There was a girl that I ran into that I used to see you ran onto on on the my hand ran into her and kind of met up with her on the down low and
got caught and
That's it. You met up with her down low on the down low. I did
Yeah, how far down and how low that's what we want to know
So you got in trouble. Well, yeah, listen, it's good
It's strengthens the relationship the fact that you were screwing around on the side. I mean you were like, you know
And the fact you're able to overcome that you know when you have a tip like that
Now let's see all of this that's good because it's lunchtime everything is calm down on my space
I was getting exhausted if I had to do that every day I would collapse. I couldn't do that
Because during every break I've been sending messages back to people and I've been like getting the next bit ready when we come back and and
getting the hell
And of course now I got my shirt on which this break is the put your pants on break on wood by one's day
You think that's too much information or you think that probably the audience is concerned about that
I think they like to know they're concerned they want to know about all of these things
Here's the pool so far we got the
137 votes only two contenders on this baby
Over the years, well, which person's Anila's ripped an ass on QM deserved it the most
It's strictly Moe and Joyce and the Moe they think about it the Moe they think it's Moe
I think they're right 462 Moe Howard David did it did
And 257 for Joyce and I hate this pool is up to 10 to half percent 131 that really you know between yesterday and today there's a lot of hate
There's a lot of hate about these pools if you notice that and this is supposed to be that time of the year for love and peace and brotherhood
There's always a lot of hate yeah, but then but this time of the year when you think that would dispense just for the hate no
Man, oh man
Of course, I can't be worried about hate because I'm worried about things like love uh
The biggest name
Rogers force radio 560
You
The federal food and drug administration is joining investigation of the E. coli outbreak at Taco Bell
No, it is on the E. coli outward the majority of victims ate at Taco Bell
They drove down to get a beanberry
Taco Bell
Was calling out to me
Felt like I was shot with a torpedo
And then I got
oh
Down
oh
I'm in my choice, but it wasn't over yet.
Oh, God, I'm so sick, and I'm sick as I am.
I'm sick of the new impossible.
I can't be waving down.
Oh, look at me, you've been too tough.
I've lost 12,000 three hours.
Oh, that's bad, a little friend.
Yeah, your voice can make.
You can see my screen.
Oh, it's a lovely screen, you know?
Oh, God, don't watch our eye to the mesmeral heart.
Don't leave me, get out of the way.
I'm still hot, even making these a brand new show.
I suck up.
Bring all the girls, the crowds will hold the world.
Let my life grow up, my inner thought is to breathe.
I was weak with gay Saudi appeal.
And on my tongue, I started growing thin.
What a lovely thought for the holidays.
I loved that bit.
I would know you do.
I think I'll play it all the way till two o'clock.
What do you think?
I say, all right.
So I just sent my final message to her for the day,
at least for the daytime hours.
Yeah, tell you right to back.
But go ahead.
And I made a good point.
And that's because this is a totally new, I mean,
even when you're emailing people,
I'll generally speak and you email people who you know,
and you exchange email addresses.
You know what I'm saying?
Generally speaking.
Yeah, so it's a different experience.
Well, with this thing, like you like happening to you.
And just like he said, you can anybody can put your picture on there
and say, oh, I'm Josh Cordis, you know.
And then you're communicating with them.
And you don't, and they can put anybody's picture in return.
And you don't know who that you're really talking to.
And the same with this thing.
But it's always nice to have good pictures.
You know what I'm saying?
That's the best thing.
Huh?
Yeah.
Just keep that in perspective.
Okay?
Just look at the picture and put a big smile on your face
and then move on with real life.
Okay?
This virtual life.
And you know what it reminds me of?
This whole cyber-sex thing.
Unless, of course, we're talking about the video cams,
which I know that every kid over the age of five,
he's not got the video cams things that are like, you know,
they're eyeballing each other as they're speaking.
And whatever else they're doing.
You know what I'm saying?
No, because I'm not into that.
But whatever.
But other than that, if you don't have that ability,
then you really don't know who you're getting all emotional
and involved with on there.
So that really makes it that much more of a fantasy.
Which if you just accept it is that, then it's flying, you know.
It's like phone sex.
Like these guys that call the 800 numbers or 900 numbers.
And they're talking to some big old fat mama out there
who looks like Kristie Ali in a bad day before she found a call Jenny.
And they're getting all whipped up and excited.
And the meantime, if they saw them in person,
they would like vomit from thinking that they were like getting,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
There you go.
But then again, if you want to live a real life,
or you want to win a fantasy life, that's what it's all about.
5.670560,
pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular Rottles line.
They're going to get a zinion calls in between now and two,
if we get them.
If we get them, that's the operative line.
If we get them.
Once that 45 minute delay catches up,
and they start hearing that we're looking for calls again,
you'll see.
You won't see much, but you'll see.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I know you don't like pea soup.
But if you mix it with a can of pea soup.
Yeah, okay, okay, good.
Oh, why didn't you give him a chance?
Two old.
Two old and two boring.
That's the kind of person we're going to hear from the next 40 minutes.
He's a QAO chronic.
He is?
Yeah, that's John and Davey.
Oh.
I'm telling you, this Chris is going to be good.
He knows the callers, he knows the voices.
Which talks to hell out of me because I'm some of our sportsmen.
How do we get to know this show's chronic still?
Well, he already knows those.
Don't forget, he worked last week when you were on vacation.
He hears them in his sleep, believe me.
And so does the audience.
WQA and hello.
Uncle Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you hear that story about here in South Dave?
They found a colony of Africanized bees.
And they're trying to...
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, and they've arrived in Singular wireless line.
Oh, how sad.
Hey, listen, Castro is dead.
Well, Pecky and maybe an O.J. and we'll give you a new Guadabero, okay?
WQA and hello.
Now, there's not a bad one.
And you should know since I got my pants answered on and my shoes are sitting right off here to the side.
Ready to go.
Since it's Woodbine Wednesday, yeah.
I'm hard to try.
And Woodbine too.
That I'm eating a piece of ass siago cheese right now.
Tre Stella.
Your big cheese guy, huh?
Oh, I love cheese.
It's not like a good piece of ass siago before you go to Woodbine.
Well, that's my lunch, you know.
Then I take my little pill here to get my blood sugar down to a nice low level so I don't get, you know,
don't get overworked up there at that...
It's working over that machine.
What's that, the Nature Bee pill?
Nature Bee is in the morning.
This is my diabetes, my glenys pill.
So, okay.
So you'll know when you're old and fat and diabetic and stuff.
Would you better watch it?
No, don't worry.
Just remember the day I told you, Josh watched all this excess food, man.
You're going to balloon up like a cow.
I would be surprised if the bee starts putting his picture on her and say,
Oh, this is Josh Cornish in the...
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
What was that?
Stella R.N.?
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Mary Krishmstea.
And back to you, Palli.
Thank you.
Can you play Reverend Jones for me?
What, what do you mean, can I play him?
You know Reverend Jones, the...
The idiot?
Yeah, the jackass, the pest, the nuisance.
What about him?
Can you play him?
The call you're talking about?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Yes, is this Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
Mr. Rogers.
Reverend Jones here, and...
Are you ever...
Another phony, Reverend?
Yeah.
You're ever a controversial show today on dollars from the past?
What is it?
You're having a controversial show on colors from the past?
No, we're not talking about colors from the past.
You're gay bits.
Bits that you're doing?
Sure, what are you talking about?
You're playing old bits?
No, no, I'm not.
Well, I weird when we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape
and you made some type of a card on it, I guess that's what they're telling me.
And we discussed not playing it on the air.
What are you talking about?
The part that gay bits, sir.
That was one of my...
There's gay.
Yes, sir.
You appreciate to not play that.
I just want you to read the letter, gay.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
Your gay.
Your gay.
Did you receive the letters, sir?
Your gay.
Your gay.
Sir.
Your gay.
Did you receive the letters, sir?
Your gay.
They'll be a lawsuit.
Your gay.
Sir.
Your gay.
No, your gay, sir.
Your gay.
What was he trying to say?
Your gay.
Yeah, that was it.
That was one of his boyfriend's call, and they're okay.
The great one, and we're so fully soon, the late one.
But, you know, he's...
Listen, he's small potatoes compared to this other stuff, so well, you know.
You take it as you get it.
And what did I tell you between now and two?
What did I tell you was going to be calling in?
The refuse, the drugs.
But I will say this for the week before Christmas.
That's been okay.
Now, if you decide...
Oh, that's right.
You say you don't even know whether the other deal has been finalized or not.
Wouldn't we have wanted to get an answer to that?
What do you mean?
The deal's finalized, man.
You sure Joe Bell's hand?
Yes, I did.
And I'm getting a pain crease on the first of the year.
Did he scratch the palm of your hand with his middle finger a little bit?
No, not so much.
Oh.
You're getting a pay raise win?
In the beginning of the year.
Yeah.
Oh, seven, baby.
I'm waiting.
Very soon.
That means you can go over to a ghost room and punch your best fight a good machine over there.
Oh, yeah.
Nice.
And dumb ass dirt.
Absolutely.
I'm tired out of here.
I'm tired out of here.
I'm tired out of here.
I'm tired out of here.
I'm tired out of here.
I'm tired out of here.
Oh, yeah.
I'm tired out of here.
Yeah.
I'm tired out of here.
What's lumps, you're tired out of here?
I'm tired out of here too.
.
So please quit there.
Birst moment.
See the comment you had on cocoa.
Of course, little assiago before my trip to Woodbuy.
56670560, 0560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
I'm going to tell you something, man, though, this is a dynamite, like I said earlier in the show,
like taking a stick of dynamite, lighting it and putting it into your mouth.
This is a little mind-space thing.
Because you know, Daniel, especially when you're like a public figure like Miss Kamal, for example,
there are people who are obviously looking to get that queen, and they sure as hell did.
I wonder how she's doing up there, huh? Where would hell she's...
Back down.
56670560, 0560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
We got 1269 in a pool.
We need 31 votes in about 26 minutes.
Piece of cake, man, to get to 1300.
And wouldn't that be a feather and Chris's cap?
Or we got to 1300 under his wife, with him sitting there in that room.
And wearing a cap?
Is he wearing a cap? Be a feather in it.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Jeff.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, that's him, yeah?
I was going to say.
I think in honor of that, maybe we just might have to play the...
We're not right this second, you know?
I'll play the other day, but I'm thinking.
Oh, yeah.
It was still there.
WQAM, hello.
5669
WQAM, hello.
Neil, you have a cell phone and I could text you a message from my cell phone.
I have a spring.
Yeah, right.
Sure.
The spring, the spring is pre-texting.
Yeah.
Then I'll use the number 999.
Why don't you give me your chance, Neil? You would be.
A chance at what?
Sir, a being your friend, sir.
I don't want to be your friend.
I don't want to be your enemy.
I don't want to know you.
I don't want to smell you.
Okay, go away.
Go away.
Hop into that old fart's black bean soup and maybe he'll be your friend for lunch.
Wow.
Pretty sad, isn't it?
And that's what I said.
All the sad poaks are going to be coded in this last 40 minutes.
And of course, if you think this is something, wait until tomorrow and Friday.
I'm thinking maybe Friday.
Isn't that what it was like the day after Thanksgiving Friday?
All those all-bit days?
Yeah, I wasn't here for that.
I'm going to have to see what you're talking about.
We should do that.
What do you know I'm talking about?
I just play all of comedy bits all day.
That's fantastic.
Yeah, sure is.
That's because nobody has to do anything.
I'm going to sit here and try to figure out which ones we can still play.
Which of those 15 bits we can still play?
Well, I'll tell you that Taco Bell won that new one.
Put that in the loop, man.
Put that baby on an endless loop.
Now which one is that?
The federal food and drug-administer.
That's the one, right?
That's it.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh!
And he's whipped up today, man.
He has worked up into a frenzy.
I think maybe he's been on that my space and checked out.
A little bit of that.
Wow.
WQAM, hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that's me.
That's every tire.
Yeah, okay.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Jack.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
You think we're going to have like, oh, he's back again.
That idiot.
Wow.
Just one of you thought you, and what did I say?
Because those are the only people sitting around like five days before Christmas and right in the middle of Channuka, man.
This guy ain't even eating his potato locus.
I wonder where the hell I would get some good potato.
I, in fact, I know a deli here where I can get some good potato locus.
I can't eat that, man.
I don't want to be doing that.
I don't want to be getting my blood sugar up for the holidays.
It's a bad idea.
1275 oats on that pool.
We're going to get to 1,300.
Easy today.
We got Curtis for the mad dog at two.
The power hour, Hank's going to have to do three solid hours by himself today, which is really good because just in front of the time.
I bet you he's having some potato pancakes.
When you see the hump, I ask him how many potato locus he's having every day.
But third, man.
During Channuka.
He'll be on till seven.
Then we got the hurricane warm up.
Man, we're going to have a fantastic audience tonight.
Hurricane warm up at seven.
730.
It's the hurricanes against Binghamton, college hoops.
Hurricane, f***ing blow.
What do you like that?
Binghamton.
Let me ask you, what is Binghamton?
I know where it is in upstate New York.
There's a Binghamton college.
I think.
Listen, I would have thought they were like one AA or something or division two.
Probably are.
They like playing those little girls teams.
They can break out into a big brawler, pretend they're the nicks and the nuggets.
And then ADK after the Avastable game.
And of course ADK is going away.
And it's often they, through us, hear it, cue them, it's bad news.
But that's the way this is a cross-cutting measure.
I mean, I can't imagine they're paying him a lot of money.
But nevertheless, you know, every dime is another dime they could be leaving you guys in their will.
The beesleaves.
Sorry, excited about my big meeting coming up, not too far off.
Gonna sit down in some of that lifetime deal.
Yeah?
Don't you think that's a plan?
Well, that's what you said.
Yeah, that's the plan.
Just keep working until I even no longer physically able to do it.
I just cropped right on the air.
And then there won't be any mystery with the audience about when I cropped because I'll do it right in the middle of the show.
I'll make sure I'd time it just to please the audience.
Good ratings.
No, okay.
We could promote it a week in advance, just like that Howard Beal business.
Neal's gonna die in the air today.
Josh doesn't remember that.
Now, he was asleep by that time.
Don't you remember he said he was gonna kill himself?
Yes.
In the middle of the newscast.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, I don't know.
There's no point in, it's just a matter of opinion.
You don't like the movie.
I'm not a hell, but I just didn't take that anymore.
I mean, anybody with any taste knows it's one of the most brilliant films.
I'm one of the most, um, prescient films in the history of mankind.
I mean, Patty Chesky was a genius way ahead of his time.
He never even saw Rick Sanchez.
He never even saw what that ocean, what does that show they have on it seven o'clock?
The Drecko Drive or whatever they call it.
Isn't that it?
That's it.
Deka Deka.
Never seen it.
And he still was able to write that stuff.
He knew what was coming.
And it wasn't gonna be good.
It was gonna be the channel seven mentality for almost all American.
And then of course Fox News.
But it's one of the...
You're watching it again someday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not.
1282 votes on the pool, man.
We got 13 licked.
I junior, honey.
This has more, how did it David it?
I'm still not working anywhere, but if it's all the same to you, I'd like to make my contribution to the war on Christmas by saying giggity.
Happy?
Hina cucka cucka.
That's...
Hina cucka.
Oh, it's you.
Let's say it together, shall we?
Hina cucka cucka.
Yeah.
I, uh, cooked a trouble, uh, getting a sump more, but here, there'll be it.
Cooked me?
Yeah.
Go ahead and open it.
Oh boy!
What's that design on the wrapping paper?
Oh, that's new wool.
Oh, yeah, that's the latest thing.
It's like a happy face.
Ooh, the cool thing gets real cool.
What?
Let me see guys.
That ain't really a ball, huh?
Yeah!
Now open it.
Hey, thanks, ho.
You like it, huh?
Yeah, but just one question.
Yeah.
What are these?
They're fridballs.
Fridballs.
Why sure?
Now you can keep your poop fresh.
I always thought that's what you needed.
Uh, where?
Would you get me?
Yeah.
Here's yours.
Yeah, right.
Meals will again, I see.
I know.
I even found a copy under my windshield wire for a public.
I have my bathroom wallpaper, this is a problem.
Flamete, I hope.
Use platter.
What is this?
A web pipe.
And what exactly am I supposed to do with this?
Apply it directly to the forehead.
Like this.
This is the worst of the worst of the worst of the worst of the worst.
This is the worst of the worst of the worst.
That's the worst of the worst.
That's the worst of the worst of the worst.
14 or two, he's winning the pool easy, hands down your pants.
Wipe it with one person who deserved my harassment over the years more than anybody else.
And then Joyce.
Are you shocked?
No.
You'll be shocked at this though.
I just called my attorney during the alliance break and I told him to change my wills.
And that's why I play that big because it's about my will.
That guilty phone under the windshield wiper or whatever.
I told him to leave all my money to, huh?
Huh?
Not that I'm emotional or anything like that.
Considering Boca Bryan made that little drop about me, I just want to thank you.
Thank who?
You?
For what?
Well, that's me in the drop.
So I guess you left, you know, me in your will.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Woo!
Man!
Huh?
Yeah, what did you say?
Reversing an earlier decision, the City Commissioner refused yesterday in Fort Lauderdale
to support funding to upgrade Fort Lauderdale Stadium, which could end the city's more than 40-year tradition of spring training.
What are we going to do now?
Oh my god.
The Baltimore Orioles have counted on Fort Lauderdale's support for a $48 million plan to overhaul the stadium and create a recreational park complex.
The commission's decision likely means the city will not be eligible for $15 million in state dollars to help with the project.
Without a refurbished stadium, the Orioles could be looking for a new spring home by 2008.
Wouldn't that be banned?
First day, Orioles, and then the Marlins.
Huh?
City Commissioner's would sit 10th or plus 240 grand a year for 30 years.
How many years?
About 30, man!
Voted three to two against spending just 150 grand a year to help pay off the bonds.
Unchist Mayor, right winged Jim Novel, and vice mayor Cindy Hutchinson voted to provide the money.
Novel twice urged his colleagues to allow the roles to stay their position.
The commissioners said, uh-uh, refused.
No chance.
No way Jose.
Commissioner's Carlton Moore, Christine Teela, and Charlotte Rodstrom said the city originally was to contribute only to land and they complained the team continued to ask for more.
Rodstrom also objected to be using General Fund Revenue for the project.
Well, I wonder if that leaves Panthers' game is on the instant on the league of gaming an hour, and now there are...
...crushing about it after the fact that the thank god had just ended.
Woo!
Talk about a stench of common or from the Air Canada Center.
We stand ready and willing and able to urge the mayor commissioners to have a special meeting said Bernie Friedman, an attorney representative of the Orals, he said the commission that he hoped they would reconsider.
The team has at least to play at the stadium through next spring, once to over all the 45-year-old building, or else hope to take advantage of the state legislature as the city of the set aside, up to 15 million for each of the five communities to upgrade their aging spring venues.
But a beep, but a boop, but a bob.
And it goes on.
I quite frankly don't give a damn.
I hate to say that.
But I did say it, and I don't really hate to say it.
Why should I hate to say it?
1299, next vote will be the 13 numbers, and the next vote, Josh is going to come right to your house and give you a bag of money or a kiss a little tongue action right down the throat.
1302.
Well, you can't do it because it came like in a clump.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Free at once.
It would be kind of a kind of...
Unless you want to spend a lot of time during the holidays going around trying to find who those three people were.
Maybe one of them was...
Huh?
Five-six...
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Am I easier what, huh?
Yes.
I am so easy.
But I admit it, I already told you.
I'm the world's biggest sucker for acute face man.
I'm just... I'm just...
Melt to jello.
Melt into like a little puddle.
That's me.
It's just the way I am.
And of course I should learn my lesson.
But just because somebody's got a good face doesn't mean they're a good person.
Am I right about that?
Oh yeah.
And you've seen recently what a good judge of character I am.
Well you can ask George though, over the years or nearly I have been.
You know we go to work for people at a station and uh...
You know, I'll tell you right off the bat who are the good guys and who are the bad guys.
At QAM, finding the good guys, they didn't take too long.
About five minutes.
And then the evil dude was like your little buddy Maddie Bell there.
It was trying to like, you know,
steed you away from power 96.
You would not have been happy over there with that rigatoning music man.
I'll tell you that right now.
Now do you listen to power 96?
No, not really.
Good.
Good excellent.
Good answer.
What about you, Chris?
You listen to power?
Not really.
Good.
Ask me if I listen to it.
Not really.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, you've been talking about my space for quite a while.
Um, away from my band had a problem with my space.
Uh, with a bunch of, uh, pain in the ass people.
We eventually took that, took it down because we got tired of the crap.
You know, I was living in the Midwest.
And on our site, we had, you know, news links and stuff like you did.
Like you do.
You know, talking about stuff to be a little bit too elective, but still the Han.
You know, be nice to people, be on age.
Like you like to say, three people with respect, you know, whether they're color, sexual orientation, whatever.
Three people like a human being.
Well, it was too much for those people in the Midwest.
We, uh, emailed right people saying, I'll tell you who this and your corrupting, you know, a bike.
I have it.
I'll be a corrupting children.
Go away.
I'll leave it.
Yeah, your cell's breaking up, man.
Your cell's breaking up.
We got them.
Okay.
Uh, email.
And we just took it down.
I don't blame you.
Okay.
And then get a new phone too.
Are you ready?
Okay.
Well, they had a lot of crap.
Oh, we got that he took it down.
He took it down.
A lot of things I'd like to take down, but that's another story.
Okay.
Like maybe somebody's pantaloonies, but that's another story.
I'm not going to mention no names.
Okay.
It's just, it's just, oh, I all of a sudden I got cloudy.
I think it's going to be cloudy over wood by.
Uh-oh.
I have a feeling I'm going to find a bad machine today, man.
But you know what?
Ask me if I care.
Do he ask me if it's going to change my life?
The answer to both is the same.
No.
I mean, I do care.
I'd like to have, you know, I'd like to have a good day over there.
I would cap off a fabulous week.
What a comeback, man.
The comeback old man.
You heard the comeback kid.
Kneels the comeback old man.
After we thought he was done in the dumps and on the verge of sausages, man.
We thought he was going to slow this risk to jump out the window.
Now, let me answer this.
I mean, this is just a rhetorical question.
There's not really an answer to it.
But suppose somebody, you know, it diddle with you online.
Like I'm at my space thing.
And it gets you so aggravated that you like blow your brains out or jump off the balcony and commit suicide.
How does anybody live with themself after they do something like a, based on a prank?
You know what I mean?
I mean, it would have to be some pretty nasty stuff.
But how could that happen?
I don't know.
I guess there's some pretty rotten people out there in, in radio land, aren't they?
And, and just in general, in non-radial land.
I'd like to toy with your emotions and play and screw around and then...
Ah, boy, we sure got him.
Ah, ah, ah, oh, why?
He told himself, oh, well, too bad.
1305, baby, son, otherwise, don't, you know, have good tender end at my space in your place and not on my face.
But, and whatever.
But just don't, just be careful who you're dealing with and don't take it too seriously.
Right, and that good, good sound advice?
Yes, sounds good.
Yeah, easier said than done.
Especially if you know old emotional basket case like me.
Well, that's okay.
Norm is changing that wheel right now.
He's just gonna, he's just gonna like toss it out the window.
And I'm sure that the right, the right party will find it, you know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, you'll find it.
The bad deal, man.
And I'm worried all those extra spots come from it and it last break.
He, yeah.
Not enough?
Chris?
Ah, that's what it was logged.
I beg your pardon?
That's what was logged in there.
Okay, well maybe you've had different logs than I do.
Okay, I'm gonna drop a couple of logs.
And anyway, it's so out of time I can't play that really hysterical closing bit that I was gonna play.
We only have time left to say, uh-huh?
Bye, bye, bye!
