What?
What?
What?
What?
Well, we got some technical issues again, Akui.
Apparently, it's a problem with the long distance.
Yeah, there's a problem with the long distance.
Probably didn't pay their bill again.
I hear that echo.
Echo?
Oh, I like hearing that.
The same thing happened last month.
Well, this goes on all the time.
Somebody had to run a check over to Southern Bell.
So we can get our long distance.
Well, I didn't know they just spent 17 million
about that station in Vegas, so maybe their credit line
is like a little short these days.
I don't know.
Maybe they...
Just got your facts.
Thanks, Eric, for testing out.
I got the facts from Eric.
Just fine from Orlando.
No problem at all.
He is still...
As always, on that end.
So Troy the boy had to run down the...
down the...
King Coz, somewhere to try to fix me to log in some copy.
Oh, yes.
That's something...
I have a feeling.
I could be wrong.
I have a feeling that if he didn't know
and then what he knows now, he'd have stayed right there at Kiss.
Joe Gerardi.
Yeah, he'd have stayed there, too.
Yep, wherever he was.
He'd have gone back to the Cubs.
The Ankees.
He was a bench coach for the Ankees.
Well, he'd have gone back there.
He'd have gone back with Harry Curie.
Joe Gerardi was part of that great...
What year was that?
88?
89.
The Great Cubs.
He won the division.
And any...
And any caught the Ankees in the World Series?
Let's see, who was the other Cubs catcher then?
Oh, it was...
He was...
Damon Berryhill.
Wow, he was...
Well, what a memory.
That's a good one coming up with that.
Yeah, it is.
Well, I was...
I watched Derby Cubs game.
That's when...
You even went to some.
Well, yeah, that was another story.
I remember when you went up there.
Yes, so do I.
Murphy's bleachers.
Remember when Harry came across.
Sure do.
When Harry Curie waddled in.
And he wasn't even drunk.
He was sober as a judge.
A spin early.
Yeah, it was before three.
Yeah.
Well, no, they were getting ready for a game.
Yeah, and they played all day games then.
Yes, they did.
But yeah, it was like 11 o'clock in the morning.
Yeah, they hadn't got a good start yet.
Are you okay?
Oh, I'm great.
Oh, that was Harry.
Yeah, that was Harry having a little up top.
I'm up and having somewhere.
What a trouble.
I'm there in the sky.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get in.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Your buddy Alan Brown.
Alan Brown.
That's fine.
Heck of a job, Brownie.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
I can't believe he worded that guy.
They made money on it for 1.5 million dollars.
Then there's no reason for them to pay anything less.
Yeah, right.
No, they lost 3.5 million.
Let me say it again at least.
That's right from the inside.
So they can put anything they want in the booth.
See, they really believe that they can
propagandize their way in a success.
Either you got it or you don't got it.
They don't got it.
They got no story.
And now that it's not Jefferson Parley anymore,
see they heard made a big stimulus about that.
It's Lincoln something, right?
They sold Jefferson Parley's folder insurance
and all their holding the Lincoln...
Lincoln downs.
Yeah, Lincoln downs, right?
I've been there.
I was also at Never Against It Park once upon a time.
Have you ever been at Mount Springs, Arkansas?
No, I've never been to Arkansas.
I'm getting there a week from Saturday.
Really?
The Arkansas Derby.
Oh, that should be a real hoot.
I can just see you in Arkansas.
I gotta tell you a very good...
You thought it was bad and fun to come.
I talked to a guy yesterday up there who was...
There aren't a lot of great hotels up there.
And he said, one thing I gotta tell you something,
it's Passover Week and he said,
if you want to get anything to celebrate Passover,
you're gonna have to drive a hundred miles.
Oh, yeah.
Bring your own pizza.
Yeah.
Good luck.
Have some season pesto.
Yeah, wouldn't that something...
Hank's gonna spend pesto and Arkansas, that's perfect.
Hot springs.
Yeah.
Hot damn.
Yeah, every home might be an interesting place.
I doubt it.
There's 30,000 people who live in hot springs
and there are 50,000 people with that race they tell me.
It's a big day there.
Well, how about Louisville?
Louisville's not that big.
I mean, it's not a big town.
Louisville has a lot of things bigger than hot springs.
Well, yeah, it's not a big town.
It's not a big city.
You know what?
It's a decent-sized city.
Louisville?
Yeah.
It's not, you know, on a par with major markets or anything like that.
But it's a good-sized city.
What's that place that I was at that one time and...
What was that track?
Kentucky, so many.
He went Lexington.
No, not Keylin.
No, hardest track.
No, it wasn't a hardest track.
It was Toledo.
Excuse me, Ohio.
Toledo.
Raceway Park.
That was it.
I told you that even the jockey said race bandages.
Yeah.
Even the starter, the guy who judges it, presses the button, the starting gate.
He had race bandages too.
Everybody was dribbled.
Even the case, here's had race bandages.
Well, this Saturday I'm in New York, so.
For what?
The Wood Memorial.
Wood Memorial.
Oh, the Wood Memorial is to say, well, maybe you'll run into a good friend of yours in New York.
Oh, do-do-do-do-do.
You can look him up, he can buy a lunch?
I'll probably see Dave Johnson, who is a good friend.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll have lunch with the-do-do-do-do-do.
Yeah, you and Dave, and he can have lunch.
Great idea.
Compare notes.
See how he's doing up there on 1050, whatever the call it is, are now.
The feast there, you can say, call it is worth.
And all of a sudden, we're going to have a WHOH in.
And before that, there were WMGM.
We've been through that already.
Yep.
So today, what's going on?
What about those Panthers last night?
Yeah.
They finally lose the game, and then they wind up losing two points against, instead of six out there, eight out.
Their tie with the Leafs.
The Panthers will be here next Tuesday, by the way.
I know, I saw that.
Play the make-believes.
They're holding out.
They've got three games at home, and then they go up there.
They're both finished.
They're both like Sakukouzu and Oli Yoken, and they're both finished.
I'm going to game tomorrow.
And Akie Berg.
You're going to work in the Akie game?
Panther game.
Get out of here.
Atlanta.
Yep.
Well, that should be a pretty good game.
Atlanta's pretty exciting team, and of course, that's another must win.
They're all must win now, but I don't think it makes any difference.
Oh, Atlanta's another one that's trying to get in.
Yeah, they're a point ahead of both the Leafs and the Panthers.
I got 78, but they're not going to make it.
Pretty good team, though.
And you know who used to call the thrasher game, so I said.
For real.
Yep.
Pretty embarrassing.
I had that tape of one game.
I couldn't believe it.
Especially when they hit it.
I mean, when you get bleeped out, you're going to hockey game.
You know, you're like a potty.
No, seriously, you got a potty mouth problem.
It was pretty bad.
And that's him.
He can't help himself.
You know, he's got the Tourette Syndrome or something like that.
He just can't stop with all of it.
Although I notice now we got that spot.
You see, one thing about this company, man, if you pay for a spot that's got like swear words in it,
we'll put it on the ear.
If I want to play a bit that's got those words, I can't play it.
But if you put it in the spot, when you pay for a word.
Exactly.
Oh, I know that.
So we'll put it on the ear.
That's amazing.
It's just amazing.
But anyway, your buddy Joe and I had a very good conversation yesterday.
But it beeped, it beeped.
Yeah.
So you're okay with it?
If he knew of anyway, he knows now.
He just said that Greg just left a big pile in every room in a building.
He said that Greg is there more now than when he was a general manager.
I saw him yesterday.
Yeah, I see.
There you go.
And what did he say?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry that I left you guys this mess.
Actually, he came in and he's got this style now where he's wearing a shirt out.
I was just kind of a fan.
I told him that he, I said, you know, I saw somebody else who was wearing the clothes the same way you are.
And he said, who's that?
I said, Elton John.
I don't know how he took that.
But I went to Elton John show Friday night at El Seasers.
And Elton John, where is his shirt?
The same way that Greg does.
Well, I think that's the only comparison.
Although Elton probably gets a haircut.
Yeah.
I don't care who you are, you're fairy.
Yeah.
That's what you should have told him.
Next time you see Greg, be sure and get him regards from me.
Okay.
Give him the same salute that Scalia did there.
That same gesture, whatever that is.
Yeah.
Okay.
The old Vafon, whatever, however that goes, can't say that.
Careful.
I know.
I don't think we can even say an Italian or anything.
Certainly not an Espanol.
They're not going to see the Spanish language stations.
They can say whatever they want.
Well, I'm throwing a caution to the wind around here.
What is that mean?
It's time.
You're throwing cars to the wind?
Yeah, we got to go back to the way we were.
Or at least I would.
What way was that?
Throwing caution to the wind.
No, blah, blah.
And we go into what?
I don't know what that means.
Say what I want.
Go ahead and test me.
He put me out there.
Oh, brother.
Holy cow.
I guess he doesn't make any difference at this point.
No.
What the hell is that?
The way we were.
Oh, there's Barbara.
Yeah.
Cross-eyed Barbara.
Bitch.
Just look at her nose.
Poet to trail for anti-Semitism if there ever was one.
Listen, it's almost paste-offs.
Any easter?
Yeah, I'll send you a telegram.
Hot springs.
Yeah.
Be sure to enjoy that hot springs deli.
I'm sure they got a deli under the street corner just like in Florence, Kentucky.
Might as well be in Dubai.
Just like in Tampa.
Might as well be in Brandon, Florida.
I've got a lot of delis there.
Oh, you see that?
I think.
Well, no, I remember when we did that when we were at IOD and we did that.
We could show us over at S.U.N. in Tampa.
And I had, there was a poor guy, a schmuck here, open up a deli in Tampa.
He didn't last too long.
Tampa, delis would work in Tampa.
Well, not his, didn't.
There used to be a wolfies in Tampa that did very well.
Really?
Yep.
Well, there used to be a lot of wolfies around that did very well, and they all went south.
South of the border.
Does that place still around, by the way, south of the border?
Where is that?
In South Carolina.
Boy, I remember you brought some north Carolina.
Those bumper stickers on card, not that.
Yeah, yeah.
All the time, if you were driving 95 or anyone in the country, people, all these travelers back in those days,
always had south of the border stuff plastered on their rear end.
It's in the first town when you cross the border from North Carolina to South Carolina.
Now I'll pass on that.
That's another place for going.
I remember those places.
Those were used to drive the Florida during the winter.
Huh?
We used to drive the Florida during the winter.
And so did I.
So that's where you saw south of the border.
We had a million of those, south of the border.
Well, what is it?
Is it like Stukies?
Why me is it in the amusement park?
What is it?
It was a big store.
I remember they had, I guess, they served food there, but it was like a big general store where they had all kinds of...
Like I said, that's what I thought of the border stuff.
Probably like Stukies without the peanut brittle.
Or the coconut patties.
Oh, brother, I'll tell you Stukies, the peanut brittle, it's been sitting there for like 15 years.
I think that's how we got to be diabetic.
That's how they call it, brittle.
Yeah, that one.
That's what it helped.
That put us over the top.
Yeah, that was the start.
Put us over the top.
How's your blood sugar these days, by the way?
Actually, pretty good.
What's, what's, what's, give me a number?
I don't know, the guy said it was good.
I didn't even ask him.
I went two weeks ago.
You only so depressed, I just want to blow my brains out.
What do you mean you just went two weeks ago?
How can you go two weeks without knowing what your blood sugar was?
It doesn't, doesn't, doesn't work like that.
I don't pay attention to it.
That's the doctor where he goes.
Okay.
Well, you have a good time in hot springs.
I will, I'll be, I'll be eating lots of sweets there.
Yeah, but you will.
Not, not.
Well, if you can't get the monster, banana split always in.
I think, I think it says in the Tomwood,
a banana split substitute for the monster.
Is that patient thinking?
It's, it's kosher for paysocks.
That's what it says.
It's got like the circle you on the bottom of the bowl.
All right.
Ask the man, you know, I say how to, my good friend,
what's his name over there?
The Jeffrey Luria.
Oh, yeah.
He's a taxi right now.
You can't mention his name, so I did.
They're wooing people there.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I think even Skola kept his thumb right on it.
They're busy.
Oh, you want a great codie, Ro.
Great codie keeps referring to the lame politicians
who won't give these guys what they want.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Another uninformed column.
By the way, Greg, if you and your buddies
over there across the street want them Arling Games,
they're all yours.
Yeah.
You can have them.
We don't want them.
See you tomorrow.
Yeah.
Those those are the previous programs are those of the host guests
and collars and you not reflect those of the busy,
blind, has been.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
That's not the shoe, right?
Yeah.
You want to cross the road?
Could be.
We're still value to what you say.
And you promise you'll end up me.
They'll run in hell.
This is the end.
You've got to hold on to it.
This is the end.
This is the end.
Love, praise, love.
Whoa.
You're an honest and no bomb.
Yeah.
Whoa.
With no rest to learn.
No one can say you don't know that you are dead.
Come on to love.
But you take no pain.
You give me positive.
I can't play a play.
Let me play them right.
And the love to change.
You can't take them to play a play.
Oh, the way you can't question.
Boy, you can't play a play.
Time to lay the residing from Congress.
We'll be doing OK.
Another cook bites at us.
10-14 already.
Let's get the good news from Rebecca,
the way they will get into whatever we're doing.
I have no idea how long is the first break.
Is that a difficult question?
Yeah, it is.
It's three and a half.
OK.
You know, ballpark.
I didn't need an exact number.
But just so I have some idea.
I'm going to say sorry.
Troy, emailed or excuse me.
Facts that you already.
No.
What do you say?
Well, guess what?
Nothing came through here.
I have nothing from Troy or anybody.
I got the facts from Eric just fine.
So if Troy facts something,
he must have facts it to the wrong number
or maybe stuck his finger in the wrong hole somewhere or something like that.
Or what's affecting the lines is not just in this building.
Really?
Holy moly.
What's that called?
They said that you're the fourth person to call right now having problems.
Oh, so they got some bell sound.
Is it a bell sound thing?
Good.
Yeah.
A car bomb killed seven people and moved to 25 others today in Eastern Baghdad.
They mid-afternoon blasted a place in the largely Shiite neighborhood of Saudi
city.
That's these are seen arising sectarian violence in the past six weeks.
Sounds like code for a civil war to me, sectarian violence.
Earlier today, two children were killed.
Three other people wounded when a bomb exploded inside a house in the new Baghdad district.
Also in the capital,
police found nine slain bodies shot and possibly tortured over 12-hour period.
And it's just the bodies, bodies everywhere, not a lot of electricity.
And maybe not even good phone service like we got in South Florida.
This is Neil Rogers.
What's all it?
This is 5.62 A.M.
I feel like a unit in a war house.
This is an ABC News special report.
I'll talk about the White House today.
A robot was used to investigate a suspicious package.
And authorities get all the White House personnel inside the press briefing room.
It's the president.
What was in the package?
It is my Jag Daniels.
You're getting dangerous.
Who's weapons of mass destruction?
Apparently the package is not dangerous.
Okay, 10-19.
Better make sure that these phones are working.
W.D. Q.A.M. It's a test. Hello.
In the gut.
All right.
It works.
Let's see.
What are we doing yesterdays pool?
Now, what's the story here?
I got an idea.
Can you fax Eric?
Will that work?
I mean, it's in state.
It's still long distance.
All right.
I'd have to get that package back.
Oh, yeah.
Get it back from a goofball.
They're okay.
He's not going to get anything done.
He's just want to be.
Want to be human being.
Yeah.
Easier said than done.
What do we worry about?
I might have to go recopy the log during the next break.
Who the hell who a goofball is?
Then how about that copy I'm supposed to have?
For the audience, it's just another Q.A.M.M.M.L. function.
That's a junction.
Here's what I said.
And here's what happened.
All right.
Okay.
Is it take this package, these five sheets,
that right of copy and the log, make a copy of it,
and give that back to me, and then take this to wherever
you're going to go and try to get that.
So we took the five sheets and he just hauled ass.
And did not make a copy and give you anything back.
Well, of course, that would have taken, like, at least,
another 30 seconds.
But turn it in.
Right.
We have been too much like work.
And so here we are.
So evidently, there's some kind of a, is it a long distance problem?
Is it a, what's the story?
Because our phone, our local phones, are working just fine.
Look at these great calls.
Q.A.M.L.
Hey, me.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, let's get a Jersey first out of there, man.
Yeah, okay.
Go to it.
Get up there and hit some a ride.
These phones are working.
Of course, who cares about that?
I'd like to have a log and I'd like to have that copy.
I mean, copy ain't us.
Maybe that's why.
Maybe the fax machine, like, had a coronary when it saw there was a new piece of copy in there.
It just couldn't handle it.
Maybe it went on overload.
But the fax from Eric came through just fine.
So if you can try faxing him something, then he can fax it to me.
I realize that's kind of like going by boopus, you know, round the wall.
Yeah, also, I speak.
Get something to fax to him.
I'll be sure and do that.
So in other words, what you're saying is that you don't have any of that stuff.
Oh, I can make another copy to log, but I have to wait for Troy to come back with that piece of copy.
Well, what do you mean to come back from where?
From wherever he went.
Well, he, I mean, he's a copy.
So if he doesn't want to give me that piece of copy, you know.
Tell him.
Yeah, screw him.
Anyway, here was the poll yesterday.
The audience doesn't want to hear about all our usual technical problems.
It's just pathetic.
Let me say it again that they lied to their teeth.
That's article in the South Florida business yearnal.
Whoever wrote that, better triple check your fax.
Or maybe just check them once would be good.
Because it is totally erroneous.
And if anybody over there is singing you a song about how they made money across the street,
they are full of it.
And there's two letters in front of it.
What poster would be compulsory reading 965 votes?
1984.
275.
Too many numbers here to digest, you know what?
And don't get picky with me on that poll today.
I did that for a reason just to show you a human or a regular people.
I wish you already know that.
But it goes to show you that there are just a few buttons.
That's how you got to push in South Florida.
That's what it takes.
Oh, you can put it in the form of this.
Yes, go ahead.
Troy Stratford said that the fax machines aren't working at KISS either.
He's at a hotel right now.
He's trying to fax it from here.
With who?
Hotel.
He's at a hotel with who's scurrant.
Who can say?
Maybe she's doing some of his bald spot.
1984.
275 votes.
I hate this poll.
134.
I don't read folks 16.
So I went down to KISS.
I thought it was going to KINCOs.
He was going to KISS you see if we didn't pay the bill,
KISS is the same company.
It's visibly broadcasting.
So they would have shut their long distance off, too.
That's probably what it is.
Don't give me this song in advance about how they had four other calls.
I can't even imagine if really you couldn't get long distance out of South Florida.
They had 4,000 calls already.
Follow.
Oh, there's poor Barry, man.
Look at the size of that tub.
What a tub.
His head looks like he's got that old bicycle bumper routine.
Like somebody stuck a tube back of his neck and blew it up.
Or maybe a syringe.
Yeah, we know it's fan through the empty syringe.
We'll get into that.
Boring.
I saw a little bad act, too.
They got their ass clobbered.
Good.
I don't read books 116.
It actually had been like almost any of you.
We don't read Bible neither anymore.
I did for a while.
I'm tired of it.
And you know those books I was going to want by yesterday.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Didn't do it.
Had my post and said my dreamfields.
The Bible 68.
Oh, yeah.
If you want a few good laughs or if you're into SNM 68.
Just read the first two pages of Genesis.
He made the larger light to rule the day.
And those lesser light to rule the night.
It's some real scientific revelation, man, that nobody back then could have known.
I just got a facts.
Uh-oh.
And it's a copy.
How do you like that?
Troy faxed this from some hotel.
Well, huh.
Isn't that something?
Now, and of course, if I ever get to log, then I'll know where that goes.
Hey, try to work.
I'm not interested.
Voice counts manual 32.
Moby Dick 24.
Fahrenheit 451 23.
Dude, where's my country?
My Michael Moore.
Great read 19.
Y'all to read that.
There should be way up higher on the screen.
I'm not interested in reading the list, but it's not.
Atlas shrugged it at 18.
Bush's brain 14.
Oh, I didn't watch that yet.
Oh, it's not on there anywhere.
I've got to get the, uh, it's on DVD, right?
Yes, it is.
I'm going to go out and get that.
Now that I will watch, because I have to read it.
Maybe somebody will read it to me.
All the presidents, men, 14.
Get them to be instead.
Ken's guided the Bible 14.
That's Kenny from South Park.
The Godfather 12, Katamani, Chris Goh 9.
The truth about Barry Bonds and steroids 7.
Read that now.
Robert Kennedy is times 5.
Go ask Alice 5.
The Emperor where his no clothes for.
Letters from Earth by Mark Twain for.
Elisabeth Cook's America 4.
How about Elisabeth Sim from a Christmas Carol?
What about him?
Don't you remember all his wild dreams he was having?
Nope.
Oh, yeah, you saw that one.
That's the classic one.
That's right.
Ebenezer's Scrooge, baby Scrooge and Marley.
I wonder if that was Bob Marley.
Who was Ebenezer's Scrooge's partner.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, I think it was.
And then eventually I would really turn him around.
It wasn't a dream, but it was like he thought a good machine.
Like Troy Stratford, he thought a good machine.
And he facts me the piece of copy and that's it.
I'm still waiting and now the phone is ringing all kinds of crap going on.
Where is the rest of the stuff, Troy? You idiot.
Jesus.
Call of the Wild Tree by Jack London.
Color Purple Tree.
Beyond behold, a pale hose.
Horace, too.
The exception to the rulers, too, and the powers that we don't have any.
Oh.
See, I never figured that out.
Why things on our poles don't have any vote that people call it in.
Because we sure sell it and put that on there.
The powers that pee don't have any.
Now what are we doing in this break?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Oh, there's the fact machine is going.
Maybe I'll actually have the log there and I'll be able to take a look.
See, I feel naked without the log.
Oh, no, sorry.
I'm a flying boy.
And one day that we got so involved in a backstabbing everybody else.
We forgot about the log.
That's right.
Let's see.
Oh, here's the log.
Oh.
Thanks, Detroit.
See, and you're putting him down for not bringing the stuff back.
He actually went the extra nine yards.
He went to some hotel.
Yeah.
Are you serious that he went to a hotel to send this?
That's what he said.
I'll be damned.
And look at that.
There's actually some spots here.
This is the only place.
Sorry folks, but they used to have been asked.
They saw it.
62 A.
Damn.
Come on.
Hi everybody.
Tom Boedab here for hotel six.
We don't cater to business travelers.
We're here for the average American family.
And we try to make it as much like home as possible.
For instance, RTV only gets one channel and it's in Spanish.
If you don't comprenday, you can always listen to the couple arguing in the next room.
We'll leave dirty underwear in the shower and an ash tray full of cigarette butts on the nightstand.
And since sharing is virtue, your family can share a towel with all the other guests.
We don't have a concierge.
You deserve theater tickets.
But the night janitor can get you laying near the bar at the ballorama.
We're not flashy.
You're fancy or even comfortable.
But spending the night at hotel six still beats sleeping in your car.
I'm Tom Boedab for hotel six.
And we'll leave the seat down for you.
Now, I'm actually that's where Troy Stratford's faxing.
Because just now as I must speak, and the fourth page of the log is coming.
Woo!
It's a little slow.
A little bit slow.
We've had these issues zero from there worth a little slow.
But this is like sitting in all time in the record.
Plus, I don't have that other piece of copy.
But then it's his account, like you said, we'll scratch it out.
Nice going, Troy.
I think he's at hotel six right now.
So what don't you have so I can call him and let him know?
I'm at your burden.
Because he's calling me, making sure everything's okay.
Yeah.
So you haven't gotten his piece of copy, everything.
I don't have the drag concepts piece of copy.
I have to whole log now.
And that's not so much later anyway.
So if he wants to go upstairs and have a little tussle with scruand,
he can always come back down in five minutes.
And thanks me the other piece of copy for drag concepts.
I got the other one.
Royce.
Remember Jerry Royce?
That's the only one that he was supposed to fact.
Where's a drag concept coming from?
I thought you told me we got new and you said you couldn't fact.
You got it.
The fact that yesterday.
No.
Incorrect.
Absolutely incorrect.
Wrong.
Okay.
You're losing it man.
I know.
You are losing it.
I know.
We had this discussion this morning.
You absolutely did not.
He did not fact that yesterday and I don't have it.
I didn't fact that yesterday.
I did.
Well, guess what?
That didn't come through either.
All right.
Middle of the show yesterday.
No.
Wrong.
That's what I got it.
That's what I got it.
Don't got it.
You're in Lala Lane.
You just, uh, sorry.
Not this time.
Never came through here.
Okay.
That might be.
But you want to take time to do this on the ear because I don't care.
We'll kill some good time.
Yeah.
You're obviously like I said, it's conditioned to what they're used to it.
They're used to all of our incompetence in the technical.
I mean, they might not have gone through, but that's when, uh, that's when I fact.
They are.
I'm looking at you.
Did what?
That's when I fact it.
Facts what?
The dry con.
Uh, the dry con.
Well, you've got to be right.
But I'm looking at the one I got here where I scratched out all that stuff from martens.
No, I don't have any dry con.
No, I never got any new one.
You're wrong.
I never got any dry con.
I was talking about dialometrics.
Yeah.
Wrong.
That's the best.
Wrong AE.
Other than that, nice.
I never got anything about it.
It's not on today.
No, and I never said anything about it.
That's your buddy fat boy.
Okay.
You are just so out of touch.
Let me do the show for while I got a cool college joe belt.
Take back some of what I said.
Have what I said yesterday.
Because I spent most of my conversation or at least a substantial part of it with him talking about you guys
making sure you guys get taken care of.
See how unselfish I am?
You're a sweetheart.
Well, I wasn't until you got this all balled up, but I never said anything except about one account.
What are you talking about?
You were the one who told me we got new drag concepts and the control email it to you.
I said, no, no, I don't.
Can't do that.
I can't download it.
I said, there's a new account.
Not new copy for an old account.
And it's that one piece of money.
Maybe we had a communication problem.
Someone who doesn't have any new copy for the other one.
He does what he figure.
He doesn't.
Well, screw you, Troy.
Are you idiot?
You craphead?
You bald-headed geek?
Jesus, God.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
Yeah.
Well, he doesn't want to be a sales guy, you know.
He wants to be a superstar.
I don't see this way.
Is he on a year anymore?
I don't know.
Oh.
Try to schedule.
You read it.
Well, wait till you hear this.
All right.
Wait until you hear this.
Let me give you a little bit of water.
Wait until you hear it.
Huh?
What happened there?
You got a call punch, does it?
That was it.
I know I never came in.
You were in your punch.
Hello.
Get out of here.
I never, I never, my hand is even on that side of the world.
That little box.
It was spontaneous for everyone.
Did you see it?
Why?
He's actually been on for about two.
A couple of hours.
I mean, I must have done that a while ago.
What the hell was he saying?
Anything interesting?
How would I decide to go?
I figured you out.
Oh, damn it.
Well, listen, I have to do something to spice it up a little bit.
I always said he argued about who's on first and who's got the copy.
I got some crow bodice right here, homeboy.
That's the point.
We got Geldie at two again today because Robert Creeper is making out of the schedule.
And I said, well, I'll take you one thing I did discover.
And that is that, forget about Clarence.
I mean, he's just, he's got joy spot of short hairs for what he must have to make in pictures.
He must have found him in Greg's office.
He must have, he must have like, right, rightful, true, Greg's desk after Greg got canned.
By the way, we all know you got canned, Greg.
So quick, it's showing up there.
Getting really tired of it.
Nobody wants to see it.
At any rate, so Clarence must have wrinkled through his desk and probably make it pictures
that kept him at job all his years because he's as solid.
He is absolutely rock solid.
Clarence, don't even think about the fiction about the fact we got to make believe juvenile
program directors won't do any good.
I would never.
Yeah.
Geldie at two and get used to him.
He's on a lot.
Way too much.
Mad Dog four to seven three solid hours.
Let's hear it.
Talking hardball with the crow.
Oh, my God.
I liked that one.
Yeah, that's it.
Seven o'clock.
735 Marlon's on deck.
Marlon's at the Astro.
Is there a second game?
Lost a tough one.
Nothing in the opener last night.
This is close as they'll come to a win for a long time.
805 then.
Any character to Marlon's baseball game.
I saw the winning run.
The only run.
Craig Vigio, who still don't look too bad.
How old is he?
About 50 now?
Good.
About 60.
He's been there forever.
Forever.
Yes, he has.
And I always thought he was, I have said this before, but I always thought he's kind of like a good old southern boy.
And then he's from Brooklyn.
I remember one time, the only time I ever heard him speak, he got a real New York accent.
It's kind of like shocking, you know what I mean?
Not really, but okay.
Yeah, it was, what do you mean not really?
He doesn't really have a New York accent.
Yeah, he does.
Like a New Yorker?
No.
No, not that kind, but like Brooklyn accent.
He didn't sound like what I thought he was going to sound, you know?
That's what I'm trying to say.
And don't start with me with your expertise on Craig Vigio, okay?
Because I was obsessed with him before you ever were even more born.
Well, that's good.
He's been there the whole career.
Now, who was the other guy who always was with the Astros and then he left and died?
Who was the third basement?
Wasn't it the third candidate?
He was the third candidate.
Yeah, he wasn't only with the Astros.
No, no, but I say he left.
And he wouldn't play somewhere else.
Where did he play?
Texas.
Texas, see, and then he died.
Yes, he did.
He was on the juke.
The George Bush Curse.
Because that's where the guy called yesterday and said the Royads started with the Texas Rangers.
But it was a consucco.
And of course that was Ann with Raphael Palmero too, by the way, she pointed out.
And that was the George Bush Curse.
Probably George W was the providing them with all the drugs.
He's good enough those hallucinogenic substances.
Anyway, former House leader Tom DeLay to resign.
So coming to indictment and voter run rest.
Let's hear it.
Bye, bye Tom DeLay.
You're right now, can't you?
Oh, I've looked at this.
Probably with downstairs.
Now it's the Book of Rindesk.
I'm not going to go get it today, though.
I'll wait till tomorrow.
Too much excitement I'll rate today.
Got the log, though.
And we got one new piece of copy.
That's not too bad.
One out of two for Troy.
I mean, why should he get copy for the other one?
He just keeps sucking the commission up.
Just like everything else he inherited.
Hey, remember, he told you he was working on it.
Yeah, he's working on it.
That's the prize.
He's in a hotel right now in a hotel six with screen and they're working on it.
So coming to scandal, former majority leader Tom DeLay intends to resign from Congress within weeks,
posing out a career that blended unflinching conservatism with a bare-knuckle political
scowl and corruption likes to which has seldom been seen.
Guess who's seen out by the way in a nursing home?
Cholten has to know.
All even better news than that, I think.
Overday power of Cuba.
Oh, Jesse.
Jesse.
I'll give you that story eventually.
Am I big pal?
Because Rida and Josie here on QAIM.
This is your news headquarters here, okay?
Where the entire town meets around the old hot stove mid days.
Now if they do around the old hot stove and they stick their finger on it or something.
Looks like a finger.
I felt like.
The Republican officials said last night they expect the Texan to quit a seat later this spring.
And they've been all over this like to think on Troy.
On CNN.
He was for a while we know that.
Democrats said the developments marked more than they end to one man's career in Congress.
Tom DeLay's decision to leave Congress is just the latest piece of evidence that the Republican party is a party in disarray,
a party out of ideas, a party out of energy said Bill Burton spoke to the Democratic Congressional campaign committee.
And a partridge and a pair of three.
Bye, bye Tom DeLay.
Well look at this power prayer they got that guy in there that wrote that stupid book by bad things happen to good people.
We asked God.
And of course you don't have to write a book about the answer is real simple because crap happens.
Yeah.
That's it.
It's just the way it is.
Oh you can't make anybody up to that.
No God it's going to do with prayers.
All this other getchkey crap.
Just crap happens, okay?
So you can get to get the whole bunch of your friends and you can pray like crazy.
You can go cross the street for my house and get together with that lady over there.
That's trying to convert the whole world at least in my house.
That doesn't work at all.
Cut the crap lady.
Cut the crap now.
What?
Does it work if you don't sacrifice a chicken or something?
No well may I like my son.
I'm going to need a meal.
Sixteen Mrs. is nail her door show when I get home next time.
Just in time for Simka Stora.
It'll be a real Simka.
1041 19 before 11 at 560 WDQM we got our technical situation.
Well at least the hotel's got it straight down anyway.
I still think we didn't pay the bill.
I want to blow our minds.
Brain!
And those are the interrupts to set the blind and early VVG on.
The hard-stopping action continues with a new season of 24 unlocks.
When a game C2U agent Jack Bauer is called back to action.
Agent Bauer is speaking to you. We need you.
Oh crap now watch.
A group of terrorists are planning to assassinate the president
by launching a nuclear warhead into Washington DC
while releasing a toxic nerve gas that melts people's faces.
That's it?
Yeah.
Isn't there anyone else you guys can call to change the world?
I mean haven't I been through enough my wife's been murdered?
My daughter's been caught in a bear trap.
My girlfriend dumped me and my entire body's been beaten with an inch of its life.
There's more bad news.
Now watch.
Your third cousin's best friend's college roommate was kidnapped by the terrorists.
No!
24 is back on Fox.
Will there be evil double agent involved?
Yes.
How about satellite tracking devices?
Yes.
Flaker protocol violation?
Yes.
How about mortally wounded dogs who whisper cryptic information before losing consciousness?
Of course.
Can you leak different of that annoying thinking clock?
No.
It's 24.
We're the annoying clock.
One day's on Fox.
Can't wait.
Okay. Let's see.
This thing is a wee...
There's some screwy going on all over the world now.
Yeah.
I'm trying to fix you and I will keep trying periodically throughout the day.
I'm going to keep trying to fix you.
I'm going to keep trying to fix you because who knows when it will be fixed.
Anyway, again, article just for you.
I was going to tell him what today's poll is and then explain a little bit about it.
But I can't get that thing back up there again.
Uh-oh.
I've had that problem.
Something...huh?
No, I'm not talking about that.
Happens to the best of it.
At any rate, Susan J. Douglas.
Now, who was Susan J. Douglas?
I would have.
Professor communication at the University of Michigan, an author of the Mami Myth,
the idealization of motherhood and how it's undermined women.
Well, that's kind of interesting.
Oh, there we go.
There's the poll.
Our goal is a thousand votes today.
We got nine sixty-one.
You think we can make it, Josh?
Oh, maybe if we push it.
Are you going to push it?
Heeey!
Very bonds are going to push that syringe right into his ass.
What's your take on your legal immigrants?
Now, 161 votes.
Deport all the legals now, 333.
That's obviously the correct answer because illegal.
See, I could have said illegal aliens.
But because of the fact that they're like trying to confuse immigrants and illegals together.
Which is like that brought on at the voicemail, you know?
Uh-huh.
333, that's the correct answer.
Only deport Cubans.
Now, I only put on there because, you know, Cubans who make it to shore based on that silly-ass
dry-footed wet-foot, uh-r-delegal.
But nevertheless, this goes to shore the extent of hostility and hate and self-floating.
That's why I put it on there.
Because we also have only lead in Cubans.
That's in last place.
That's where we got it.
About thirty-man.
Only deport Cubans, 247.
George First, it says.
Right.
Too many already here grant them anus to 158.
And I know that this disturbing to you, but that seems to be the general consensus because
generally speaking, they have the public brainwashed and there's all these reading heart thing.
Oh, the Statue of Liberty is crying.
Well, you know, immigration left.
Those people that came in that the Battle of Zyland didn't come in illegally, okay?
They went through the process.
Right.
They waited for years online, millions of them, just like there's millions waiting now to come in legally.
That's right.
Oh.
So there's a legal way to come in and there's a legal alien means illegal.
You broke the law and go back where you came from.
Go back to Mexico.
Go back to Guatemala.
Wherever.
Build a wall on the US Mexican border, 116.
I hate this poll 77.
Only 11 Cubans has got only.
But thirty-man.
Clemente Trainty.
Now, here's this article just for George.
Susan J. Douglas, Lou Dobbs, now more than ever.
I just just found this on the Smirking Chimp.
By the way, this whole Lou Dobbs thing is all your fault.
I never would have heard of the man if not for you.
Well, there you go.
Just like, uh, this, and Britney Spears, and see nothing's broken.
It was probably going to be a lot of money.
I'm not gonna ask that.
He was, uh, he went south.
Yeah, well, literally.
She went down.
One of the Bush administration's overriding goals has been to
discredit every institution that threatens the imperial presidency.
Congress, the court's the military, the electoral process, federal agencies,
and last but hardly least, the press.
Last but hardly least.
Absolutely.
Through its precision coordination of PR, spin, message saturation, fake news,
and demonization of any journalist who dare to ask questions as a terrorist-loving traitor,
team Bush enjoyed all inspiring success on this front for nearly two years,
from 9-11 until the summer of 2003.
Even though things started to fall apart then, no WMDs, no mission accomplished,
increasingly grisly news from Iraq, the administration persisted and it's
take no prisoner stance toward the press.
Television news in particular, is thoroughly defined its way wounded by the 60 minutes
debacle and forced resignation of Dan Rather on CBS, the Retirement of NBC's Tom Brokaw,
and the loss of AVG's Peter Jennings.
To add to the TV news woes, Fox has shown that partisan preaching to the choir news
is both cheap to produce and popular.
Meanwhile, the Daily Show and the Culber report have demonstrated that so-called
fake news is often more revealing about the days of incident more emotionally satisfying.
Into this gap between the lassitude of the nightly news and the edginess of John Stuart
has stepped an unlikely figure, Lou Dobbs.
I used to watch the ads for what are called surveillance purposes.
How do right-leaning pro-business texts report and spin the news?
Now I try not to miss Dobbs in part because he seems to be deliberately crafting a new
kind of anchor persona that of the outraged everyday American, the one who is indeed
mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Just as I was starting to read that sentence, I was thinking a good old Howard.
Be alerted, not the air.
Oh, I'm as mad as hell, but I don't think it takes it anymore.
Oh!
He expresses his inquidually over burst pronouncements and policies and is
given take with CNN reporters, addresses the audience directly with sarcastic,
rhetorical questions and is abandoned the more neutral objectivity adhering
stylings of news anchors.
He's also been walking an interesting political line conservative about
some issues, especially American immigration policy, populist about others,
including corporate giveaways and the privileging of business interest over national
security.
And you won't find soft news stories about puppies or diets here in the process
Dobbs is showing how you might do a version of the Daily Show's Strait.
Dobbs was merciless about the Dubai deal and used as a frame through which to blast
Bush about the current trajectory of his administration.
How is this for a lead in which Dobbs read on March 3rd?
New evidence tonight that the Bush White House appears to believe that commerce is
more important than national security.
It turns out that the Committee on Foreign Investment, which is supposed to safeguard
a national security interest, failed to consult anyone outside the Bush administration
about this deal.
The deal provided a peg for a related story about case-read lobbyists with which
Dobbs concluded, business lobbyists and groups say commerce is more important
often than national security interests.
And I read those sentences both of them law-fedder and he does because he
fumpies and bumpies and bumbles.
He's a fumpier.
Covering Bush's fifth Indian Dobbs lead and included, the President also makes
outrageous remarks about the export of American jobs to cheap overseas labor markets
and later added outsourcing is just duckie says the President.
Ridiculing Bush for saying that the solution to outsourcing is to educate
Americans for 21st century jobs.
Dobbs cited Labor Department projections that the fastest growing job is that of
nursing assistant, bedpans, anyone?
Dobbs also used emails from viewers to provide a Greek chorus to back up his own
iron.
A typical offering, I've never in my 74 years seen such a lack of concern for the
citizens of America by the elected officials in Washington, D.C.
You just don't see this kind of controlled fury on the networks.
On March 10th, Dobbs opened his show with the Dubai Port's deal is dead but the
distortions and disinformation go on.
Beginning with Bush's comments about the demise of the deal, Dobbs added the
President refuses to acknowledge he made any mistakes in the way he handled the
controversy.
The President and Mars are a clear sign that the Bush White House is still confused
about the difference between commerce and the national interest.
Ouch!
Dobbs then tried it that Bush was getting his comeuppance because something he has
been so evidently pushing in the Middle East, democracy actually works here at home.
Whatever one thinks that Dobbs is different political stances, he's clearly
seeking to keep the post-Catrina Journalistic Indignation alive through an
anchoring style that draws more from network than from all to crime-tide.
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh no!
And Josh didn't even fall asleep in the middle of it, that's as you don't watch it.
Josh wouldn't know, Lou Dobbs from Lukas Stella.
Given the Bush administration has sought to muscle undermine or simply
circumvent the press, Dobbs version of In Your Face Defines is a welcome
antidote and maybe the wave of the future.
It's the wave of the future, just like that day trading, remember that?
The wave of the future.
Remember that punk that was on all those spots that skinny out till the ass guy?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, you're riding the wave of the future, Mr. President.
When Bubba was on those spots, everybody was gay, the...
Yeah, trading.
Until they lost their ass, they know that this is not a good idea.
Ha ha ha ha!
Or they just couldn't afford it anymore.
Or people turned off their long distance service like the Beasley's.
Now, isn't that interesting?
I want you to do a little detective work, okay, on your own.
Doesn't take a beating.
If the long distance things are working, you couldn't fast to me this morning
from any fax machine machine in the building.
Correct.
And when it goes down to the kiss building, which is also owned by the same
the Beasley's, and those fax machines won't dial out long distance,
what does that tell you?
Exactly.
Sounds to me like they're not paying the bills again.
The freaking Beasley's.
The freaking Beasley's that we're going to come up with a new song.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, Bruce the air.
I want to say Joyce and Caroline and Joyce.
That's it.
The freaking Beasley's.
Caroline and Joyce.
Oh, boy, I can hear that one now.
Brian.
I bet you we got clear.
We got 981.
And if I refresh you, we'll probably have close to a thousand if it comes up again.
It's been a little cranky here.
987.
What's your take on illegal immigrants?
The Port Oli Legos now.
You guys are Schmitty or whatever she says.
You guys are a bunch of A-holes.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
He's the best.
Learn to speak English, by the way.
Honey, you silly ass bitch.
The Port Oli Legos now, 341.
Only the Port Cubans, 253.
All phony Amy Schaffer could be here to see that.
She'd be quelling.
Too many already here.
Grantam Amnesty, 165.
Uh-uh.
Go to the wall on the Mexico-US border, 119.
Okay.
Georgia will be happy to lay the first brick.
That's right.
I hate this, Paul 78.
Only led in Cubans, 31.
This is Neil Roger.
Off to team 2.
This is 5.
16.
You're going to keep working.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your blind.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
Go, go, go, say, and say, oh, says everyone's huge.
But we swear there's no one.
I can't move in a jeep.
All players are clean.
There's no steroid of you.
Should we know there are you?
It's just violence there.
With a little hope run,
And then on the sun,
H2, they take drugs.
Because we tested there, you're in.
All day there's our players huge.
Prove it's in there.
Rectum.
They just were without any fright.
That's what they're up so far.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Okay, it's 11 o'clock at 5.60.
WDQ, I'm happy to the April 4th through you.
We got 1010 already, as in 1010 wins New York.
Former Murray the K-Home, WINS.
What great call of this man.
Just like WINS, which I guess they're back to using those again now.
Got to be a moron to change colors.
Just like in Detroit, changing from WSYZ to WSYT
because they went to talk radio and that's stupid.
Stupid.
WSYZ, those were legendary call letters.
They were like changing WABC to WABT.
Because it's a talk station now.
Man, they morons or what?
Wow, it's like those.
Let's take those call letters.
What do you say WSYZ?
Oh, I'd love that.
We change the format.
That's right.
Let's say 99.92 is a frequency.
No, that sounds good to me.
Let's go on the FM.
I say what's the power?
96.3.
Five.
Yeah, whatever it is.
So you can tell how much I listen to it.
Let's take this country.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I like that 96.5.
I like that frequency a lot better.
Fantastic to engineer.
Oh, we got to make sure that this line is working.
This is a good one.
QAM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
Hey, when you were talking with Hank earlier,
you stole my thunder.
I tried to get through yesterday and tell you,
if you paid joy to money,
you'd probably let you play some of those bits.
You all let you play.
That's a good point.
Maybe we can take up an auction.
We can take up some collections.
We can get money to pay joy so we can play the bits.
Good point.
Exactly.
And was I mistaken that Hank said he was going to a horse track
to get some wood this weekend?
Oh, I guess you've been looking real close to them horses, huh?
Anyway, fantastic to engineer bonds.
Yeah, he's going to Hotsprings Arkansas.
Well, that's next week to the Wood Memorial in New York.
OK.
That's where he's going to find the old wood.
He's laying the lumber, baby.
That's what they're doing.
That's what the gamblers say.
We're laying the lumber.
What a stupid expression.
Hank never said that.
Have you heard anybody say that, Josh?
No.
You never heard that?
Lay in the lumber?
I guess maybe that's a little past day.
We can only hope that's the kind of thing that will happen.
Well, I've heard him, but not in that state.
That's the kind of thing where I know we're not talking about that kind of lumber.
We're not talking about laying pipe.
We're talking about laying.
Everything with you always comes back to that.
I've never heard that place.
The hangout with lumberjacks.
Well, too bad.
Well, I hope you and Jack had a good time.
A fantastic surrender near a very bonds as you came off the field in between innings on Monday.
A petco park.
I saw a little bit of that and they were just booling him.
I was going, oh, yeah, what a top of crap.
I hate him.
And the dry slugger said he picked it up in his glove and carried it off the field.
The syringe that was maybe for a used later on, although it turned out syringe apparently didn't have no needle.
I just put it off the field so no one would get hurt, said bonds.
His under investigation by baseball for alleged steroid use.
Now, he didn't do no roids.
He just got a big fat ass like Cecil Fielder.
How come nobody ever like Hughes, Cecil Fielder doing roids?
Yeah, anybody who ever hit home runs, let's go.
Now, anybody had a big fat ass like that.
Maybe Mickey Lowe, it was doing him.
How about Pudge Fisk, he had a big fat ass?
The syringe, our toss occurred after the bottom of the eighth inning of the San Diego Poggy,
a six to one went over the giants.
And see, of course, I already, we're all seeing you lose the guys with the fat ass.
Look, when a guy comes on, takes up the whole screen and you got like a 62 in screen.
That's got to tell you something.
If that's what they want to do, embarrass themselves, then that's on them, Bond, said that has nothing at all to do with me.
Right.
According to the book Game of Shadows written by those two San Francisco Chronicle reporters,
Bond's used a vast array of performance enhancing drugs including roids and human growth hormone
for at least five scenes beginning in 1998.
According to the book, Bond's used several substances in various forms, including by injecting himself with a syringe,
and taking injections from his personal trainer.
Correct them.
Bond's who is denied using performance enhancing drugs and it lies like a champion,
even the Greg Reedism Bears was booed often by the sell out crowd of 43,000, 67, last night in San Diego.
I don't judge them, Bond, said I have to concentrate on baseball.
I leave that up to you guys to make those statements.
It kind of sounds like, what was his name?
Blades.
Which one was the Blades Brothers?
Ruben.
Probably.
Seriously.
Or Benny.
Benny, Benny Blades.
It's got to jump fast and run high and run fast and jump high and he'll have time.
That's what his Indian agent said.
What's that agent that we hate like poison?
Through Rosenblast's France.
Richard Anderson, the Padres executive in charge of Petco Park, didn't return a telephone call.
He's not, maybe he threw it.
Maybe he turned it out there.
And of course in the meantime, you're Marlon people, Jeffrey Lurian, David Samson.
They didn't care about the opening game.
All they cared about was choosing with the people from San Antonio because they were in Texas.
We did it.
Yeah, we know about it.
We did it.
Anything schooled a canaryl just rips them an ass.
Nice going, Ethan.
And it's verbally so.
So Greg Coates is wondering how come the politicians are wanting to get out of here.
You slimy, idiot, you fool.
And by the way, let me say it again.
Greg, take it to your leader.
If you want the Marlon games, you can get him starting at the Maronite.
Starting tonight.
Although that would be bad because then we also have to ship across the street.
If we do that.
So there are rissuses.
Yeah, we have to ship the curl over there.
As the curl flies.
Yeah, that would be bad somehow.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Come on.
Everybody in America is burning up the phone lines.
Everybody talks to everybody.
Legal aliens.
Come on.
Let's go.
And South Florida.
This will be the number one topic.
Let's get all those people calling in who called in during the alien days that we'll never hear from again.
That don't listen to this show or this radio station.
I wouldn't know where to find this if you paid them $50 and 50 pesos.
You can make this a format and you'd have a 20 share.
What's that?
You can make this a format.
Yeah, we can do like blue dogs and just do the same topic every day.
Every single day.
Every day.
Protecting our borders.
Yep.
I'm telling you.
He's his phone.
He's a 42-hour bill.
I mean, I'm glad he's doing what he's doing.
But it's just so so for those who know him and nowhere has been coming from for so long.
It just doesn't walk.
I'll put your word for it.
Just like I'm just looking to start watching it.
The first thing.
He's been a bushy apologist for so damn long and find every excuse to like suck up and I, oh, the big comeback.
Every time the polls would go down but preparing for the big comeback, of course, they never came.
But now maybe he's getting bags of money from different people now.
Who the hell knows?
Maybe he got visited like Scrooge since you had a dream.
Maybe he had a dream like Ebony's.
Go to the screen.
Maybe Bob Marley came to win a dream.
Yeah, Bob.
And brought him some good stuff.
Who knows?
WDQA and Blue Dodd show.
Hello.
Is this the O'Rodg yourself?
Yes, sir.
Upside?
Yes, sir.
Okay, I'd like to speak to Neil.
I'd like to find out about that Greenfields pasta where I can get it.
That's really what I'm trying to do.
Well, Publix.
I tried.
It's not Greenfield.
The Dreamfield with a D is in Demented D is in Dades.
Dreamfields.
Dreamfields?
Dreamfields?
Let me say again.
Dreamfield.
Dreamfield.
Dreamfield.
Dreamfield.
I had a dream and field as a night field myself.
Oh, it's Dreamfields that way and where can you get it?
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
Publix.
I think what we had there was a little problem.
He just couldn't understand.
Am I not articulating today or what?
Yeah, the Dreamfields.
Okay, is that it?
So Greenfields.
It's on our website.
It's all over there.
Like, stink on Greg for quite a while.
And it's not a camera.
I would think we had to fly.
I keep saying that not that we should apologize,
even if it were.
In fact, that would be even better.
Oh, yeah.
I'm clicking stuff on this website here.
And there we go.
I don't know.
Maybe there's something about a bug.
A bug on it.
Like Bob Prince used to say,
we need a bug on the rug.
I'm sure Josh remembers that.
A bug on the rug.
Okay.
All the right.
In fact, right under the picture, Josh Cordis,
looking really surly there.
Oh, and by the way, I got some good news.
I couldn't get Josh to say Dave Van Boring.
But he did admit before the show that Dave had the second worst hair piece in history next to Mo.
Next to the muskrat that Mo got rid of finally.
To the day Van Bore said the worst piece he's ever seen.
And he sure wasn't talking about his wife.
Didn't you say that?
I heard it.
Yeah.
We both heard it.
Now he's going to call me something worse than turd today.
Much worse.
That's okay.
Go right ahead.
I went to bat for you yesterday, Mr. Am.
What do you do?
Call me names on a year.
You all turn.
You bag it.
I was just horrible.
Yeah, that was bad.
It's okay.
Just keep it up.
Dreamfield's low car pasta.
There it is right.
Right between Josh's picture and one of Osama morphing into OJ.
That's a good slot for it.
Keep two criminals apart.
Two gangsters.
Yeah, you got that evil look on your face in that picture.
Like you really pissed off.
And I don't blame you to be honest with you.
Dreamfield's low car pasta.
There it is.
And just a dreamfield.
Dreamfield.
I'm not going to say that you're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
You're going to be a good guy.
Motorcycle.
Hybrid motorcycles?
Yes, sir.
Okay, I'll do it during the break.
Thanks, I guess.
I'll let you know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
Night in Manhattan.
Never reaching the train.
Mothers and junkies.
Still your gold chain.
Really black and black holes.
Totally, totally, totally.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
I want to know if it's a real thank you or no.
What are you going to do about it?
It's 1117 at 560 WQM Happy Tuesday, too.
Let's take a flurry of call.
What do you say?
Hi, if we had any.
We don't.
We don't.
I just looked up that eBallmoral.com and
at the link about motorcycle, there's no such link.
There's no such story.
There's no anything.
I didn't find it.
I'm glad you did.
What?
Looked it up.
Saved me the other way.
I find the website and I thought maybe it might be something
worth of chuckle or whatever.
But whatever he was talking about, I didn't find it.
It didn't.
It didn't.
It didn't.
I've 60.
They've arrived in singular wireless lines.
We're talking to they about illegal alien.
Let's go back to the alien days.
Come on.
What do you say?
Oh yeah.
Let's get all those crazy screaming women calling in.
And people that wouldn't even know who they were talking to.
Right.
La la la la la la.
Come on Easter.
Come on Easter.
Oh, that other guy.
We're dealing with women in hate that just...
I know.
Especially a South Florida hit.
Right.
Oh, brother.
Oh boy.
A lot of hate in the sunshine state.
Right.
Actually, it's South Florida.
It's where it goes.
It's just a lot of hostile, miserable, hateful people.
That's just what it's all about.
Welcome to Florida.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about the station?
Yeah, how about them?
We like them a lot better than we like you.
I'll tell you that.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
You were right, Neil, that green-throwed pump is so fucking good.
And that's clever.
I'll save it to life later.
Right.
I might also be on that same website with that kind of motorcycle.
56670560, pound 560, God, it's just amazing to me how clever some of your people are.
You must work on these things for ages, for months.
They sit there and they're pondering they got...
Well, they're digit deep inside their body and they're just working on it.
Feverishly.
W-Q-A-M, you're a Yux line, hello.
Why don't you come from here?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm doing today.
Pretty good.
You should, George.
After hearing your thing about Dobbs, I went and checked the smirking chimp which I have to hear as sight as my next favorite.
Yes.
And did you see the article California Dreaming?
Yes.
About how the Republicans are plotting...
Did I know we're taking the...
Yeah, making it well, it's not going to work.
Yeah, definitely.
It's trying to make sense to know.
That's not...
I hope not.
I got a movie for you.
Yes.
I found on Amazon one time.
It's called Orwell Rolls in His Grave.
Okay.
It's a documentary about the media and it has some famous well-known people in it.
Mark Crispin Miller, if you like that.
It's really...
I think that's when everybody should see.
I heard you talking about the books.
But then I went to the poll and the immigration poll was up there.
I couldn't find the book poll.
Well, that's because we don't leave them up forever.
When you least expect that I do a quick change, you know, I don't like to look at the limb and get to a steal, you know.
I guess you have to keep us all on our toes.
It's like Mothsa, man.
You can't let a good one steal.
That's true.
Neil, have a great day.
You're too good.
You're back to you.
Have a season pace off.
We have 1,067 votes, and that's because I put it on there about 5,6 last night.
Because we had almost 1,000 on the other one.
And plus we didn't like the one about the books.
Anyway, the audience hated it.
I hated it.
We don't read books.
We're dumb and we're fun and we're happy about that.
They don't want to read books.
What?
It makes us sleepy.
Right.
Reading a book makes you want to fall asleep.
And in Georgia's case, when he gets home, he wants to fall asleep real fast.
Oh, fast, I don't believe him.
Neil, to save the pain.
5,6,7,0,5,6, you're off to an award when he's starting.
Already, they're going to be great.
They're going to be so good.
Why is that an area of posthum?
What is that thing?
Green fields.
It's green fields by the brothers' form.
I actually cranked that baby up again.
Our Columbia records.
Let's get that folk music out again.
Family QAM, hello.
Two A.M.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two A.M.
You started talking about green fields.
I went out to a public and got it.
And it's absolutely fantastic.
Okay.
And I've gone back and thank when I first started buying it, it was a...
And the baby's buying it, that 40 cents off on a box.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's great stuff.
And thanks for recommending it.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
If you have a real good VM from it.
5,6,7,0,5,6,0,5,6,0, and he will, by the way.
Just keep eating that stuff.
Man, it'll make you as regular as an alarm clock.
Oh, that's a way of...
I'm telling you, you've got lots of extra fiber in it.
It's dang good stuff.
Yeah, as you know, I still haven't got the elbows.
Although I got white elbows.
I should share some of that nutrogena on my elbows.
Should have.
Exfoliate.
No, that nutrogena we were able to buy.
I did good stuff.
So here's all these products we keep raving about.
Of course, they're not sponsored.
Nothing like that.
But I kind of like sit on my sofa.
Yeah.
King of my own universal.
5,6,7,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6,0,5,6
I'm going up there, I guess, go to the, uh, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're
we're not getting late money through place, but we're doing building where you can get up. We're doing building where we can go and hang out and try to stay with friends everywhere,
Okay, in case you haven't noticed that and I've been looking for something like this for about a hundred years
And I've passed this probably my favorite food in the world and I haven't been able to eat it for like 18 years
Except that she'd been once a mile like when I go to Italy and my blood sugar was soaring up to like four five hundred
That's the bottom line schmuck. See that's what you get from South Florida. You try to do something
Nobody is on the take. I don't need the extra cash. Okay
They're all depending on how much it would be that would be interesting. No, nobody's offering to give me any a smear me under the table or even on top of the table
Schmuck and then that's what you get although we didn't have the one other guy and then we had the guy earlier. What's that called?
Oh god, and where do I get a publish? Did you ever hear that P U B L I X as an X rated like that one spot were planned?
What look God get a life?
Get anyway
Let's screw them screw them all maybe they'll all die from some horrible thing to hell with them
What's your take on the like that Hank thing that business about oh what's your blood sugar?
I don't know but my doctors. I mean quit being like helpless. Okay, helpless. Remember that song about Kim Weston helpless
I love that's right even got that oh I love that
I have it in fact
Somebody didn't rich Ross in that to me one time. I think he did
Maybe oh good. That was an IOD he sent me helpless by Kim Weston. Oh god. Is that a great song?
But then you know, you got to take charge of your own health if you care about staying alive
But I guess he doesn't care about that. Maybe he saw those numbers
Speaking numbers we got a thousand 82 votes on the pool. What's your take on illegal immigrants?
Deport all illegals now
382 but there's a lot of men we don't care
I agree with my to go you gotta get a guy
If you can't control your borders, I've been saying this for like 25 years now 26 years since that
Mary-elle nightmare if you can't contain any controller your borders
What kind of security and of course that was long before 9-11 and we're supposedly all whipped up about Homeland Security
Well, what kind of security you got when you can't control your stickin' borders as your hero
Lou Dobbs would say day after day after gotta work tired of him
Deport all the legal's now 3-2
Just to shut up Lou Dobbs only the four Cubans 273
273 people are very very bigoted against your people who are very narrow-minded who want to deport all the Cubans even acute ones
Too many already here grant them amnesty 184
Yeah, see that's like like Hank. It's like throwing in the towel giving up. We're gonna just give up
Go to the doctor once every couple of months. He'll take your sugar and say oh, yeah, you're still alive
Hey doc, how do I feel? Oh, you're okay?
Build a wall in the Mexican U.S. border 127. I hate this pool 81 only letting Cubans 35 out of a thousand of you too
1126 at 560 WQ way you crushed back
I'm happy to be the schlose against the population of Italy with my wife
So compared to Prince match and bellies they will suck us everything and we had
28 I went to shop around a little bit and told me to wait she hasn't been a copage in my reading glasses
I had to remind the weather master message if we're checking over the candle the baby salad
Oh
They
I said I should bring a virus better for my gum start bleeding.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
I just brought out a tray of macaroon and the jeep.
I said I should bring a virus better for my gum start bleeding.
I said I should bring a virus better for my gum start bleeding.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
I just brought out a tray of macaroon and the jeep.
I said I should bring a virus better for my gum start bleeding.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
I just brought out a tray of macaroon and the jeep.
I said I should bring a virus better for my gum start bleeding.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
I just brought out a tray of macaroon and the jeep.
I said I should bring a virus better for my gum start bleeding.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
My wife said my share of emergency patients.
What about the group?
That's a mood point.
You don't want to go there, girlfriend.
Really?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
That's something that's the only problem.
I've never had to make that decision because nobody's never offered me a dime.
But nobody's ever offered me a dime.
Not a dime to pitch anything.
But that's typical.
Let me ate.
Oh.
Exactly.
Well, we suspect where swissficions
of your motivation and right now.
No biggie so far you're in for NICE down here.
I hit dogs thought of leaf when they pop up in a bag.
But I hit dogs thought of leaf when they pop up.
5, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, I just was taken it back for a moment there.
Okay.
And pound 5, 60 underneath, Verizon and Singular.
I hope you weren't watching CNN for a moment.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Okay.
WQYM, hello.
Bonjour, first up in the moment room.
Oh, yeah.
I'm here.
Mr. Neil.
Yes.
You want to kick that pasta up one little notch, try taking some garlic and crushing it,
putting the water when you're boiling.
Really?
Yeah, that has a little zen to it.
Kick it up a notch like, like, like, uh, emerald, huh?
Be a fan.
Oh, oh, that was, that was not a band, it was a boy.
He got point.
Now this is a, uh, testimony here, a teenage sex predator of victim sure as this warning.
Tom, which allowed anyone who knew my code name to send me a present without requiring
me.
Oh, this is about the internet.
I thought maybe it was about the appreasedhood again, because I'm sure the priest was
sure like him.
WQYM, hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I know I do.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've been listening to you for a long time.
Is it possible when I started listening to you, you were on a Saturday, Saturday?
Possible.
Does it make a difference?
I never on a show.
Is that the idea?
No, I just want to figure out how long, you know, it's been, you know, about 40.
About 30, man.
Yeah.
I still have light.
Well, good for you, Pellie.
I'm glad you're here.
I have no light.
Sorry, by the way.
No, no, I'm sure that was the good stuff that he was about to get to.
He explained to me how to set up an account on paypal.com, an instant online money payment
system.
I was excited about the $50.
I think it would be in the chart, right?
The time is a huge sum of money.
$50.
$50.
$50.
That's bad.
What exactly did he do to you?
I don't know, but he certainly not like no little punk anywhere.
How old were you?
I said I could have nobody.
18.
What's wrong with him?
He's going to pantomime what exactly?
No, I don't want to.
We don't want to do that.
We don't want to go there.
Look at that.
I'm sorry.
I just got going.
He's going off on CNN.
Oh, no.
That is bad.
He's old enough.
WNQAM.
Hello.
WNQAM.
Hello.
WNQAM.
I'll bring you a little parental people.
WNQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
WNQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil.
Yes.
I just want to tell you I got your CD in the mail yesterday.
It's absolutely wonderful.
Yeah, too bad nobody's buying them.
It's so ashamed.
I really great.
Very good.
I've been a young guy.
Listen to you.
I've been to a little kid.
I think you're wonderful.
Just had to contact you.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great life.
OK, there we go.
1110 votes on a poll, man.
That's pretty impressive to me if he asked me.
We got Doug Thompson got a good comment.
We're back much worse off before we liberated it.
Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill blew up.
He's a cardi.
I also got one of the...
This article I'm so inspired to read this.
Although I was inspired to read the one yesterday.
What was that one that somebody sent me about?
What was it about?
The one I was so named both from the Guardian.
Yeah, from the Guardian.
That's exactly the one about the F-Ord and the FCC.
Remember that?
Yeah, I got it over here.
The big kill of the sensor.
Yes.
That guy had a stomach right in it.
Like the guy with the cherry pie.
What was it?
Little boy, Blue sat in the corner.
He had a stomach in it.
Somebody QA in, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you know a DJ or a talk show host from the old Waxi named
Something Sheldon or Sheldon?
Sheldon Leonard.
No, I never heard of anybody named Sheldon.
No, it's not.
My chain.
It took me to his home.
There was sexually molested by Ken for what would prove to be first at many times by him.
Good, I'll be right back.
I beg your pardon.
And he's never going to get the wine off here in a second right on CNN.
And Lou Dobbs will cover with a blanket.
Somebody QA, hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm good.
I know you probably don't care because you're up there.
I know half your audience doesn't care, man.
But I just had to call them and I'm really pissed off the politicians down here.
It's going to allow our baseball team to go to a different city.
Oh, I see that right here.
Our politicians.
This is Greg Kotak's junior.
Our politicians are going to allow them as opposed to like handing them out and building them a stadium.
We want it.
We want it.
You know something the public doesn't give a crap.
We're not going to spend any tax money to build a stadium.
It's from all time billionaires.
Okay.
Screw them.
That collar is going to pay for it, I guess.
Yeah, especially after the same old song you get an 87 under the previous owner under Wayne,
Pock Mark Wayne, they win a World Series and then he has a fire sale.
And he expects people to pay like a big price to go.
Yeah, this was the same thing with a Panthers man.
Is anybody forgetting about that?
We're moving.
We're moving.
Then of course he got lucky.
They had that one fan to me or they got hot just at the right time in the playoffs.
And they went to the Cup finals.
Got swept by Colorado and the West.
But nevertheless with an exciting year.
And that that gave him the impetus to suck the taxpayers into building that thing and Broward
That's all for his benefit and the Panthers.
Then he unloads the team to this rocket scientist we got.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it.
No, yeah, mark it on your Howard County with you.
I'm in a mind and decide they want to build this facility.
I will not play here.
Yeah, right.
Because I will not have my eyes looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something.
So they go ahead and they build your way in a great expense.
And in the meantime, guess what?
Have they made the playoffs in that building?
No.
Once.
One time.
And lost, I think, in five to a...
No, they lost in four straights of the levels.
They got swept.
And the history of the franchise, they made the playoffs exactly three times.
And yes, they're putting in a very impressive run.
There's two late, two little, two late now.
They won either the last ten.
And they're still not going to make the playoffs again.
Ain't going to happen.
They got seven games left.
Not going to happen.
And all this crap about, oh, I'm up so with politicians.
Never again, baby.
Never again.
Never spending more public tax might abilities damn stadiums.
Everybody in their brother.
Oh, we got to have a new stadium.
We got to have sky boxes.
We got to have a retractable roof.
Yeah.
Retractable roof.
$600 million the taxpayers here helps to subsidize the Stinkin' Skydome.
Which is now the Roger Center named after me and I'm embarrassed.
Named after Roger's cable in the whatever their other crap is.
Why couldn't they just call it the Roger Skydome?
Wouldn't that would have passed if I'd ever had any rate.
They just bought it.
Roger's bought the Skydome for $25 million.
$700 million, $6700 million.
The taxpayers footed the bill.
And it turned into a white elephant and they were sold for 25 million.
You do the math as the idiots say.
Do the math.
By the way, how much you getting in that free pasta yet?
This is the new Roger.
How many boxes are third man?
How many cases are third man?
It's day time!
If I ever need child.
At 5, 6, 6, 7, WQA.
How many?
How many?
How many?
How many?
How many?
How many?
How many?
How many?
I got.
I got.
I got.
I got.
I got.
I let.
I get.
I get.
In red you.
I got all those yokes.
I got all those yokes.
You got the ball.
The yellow cow in white noise will fly.
I got all those yokes.
I got all those yokes.
I got all those yokes.
I got all those yokes.
I got all those yokes.
Put it in his kitchen on the CNN.
Look at that.
Just in Barry, he's 20.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Oh, just in time.
I want to listen to your grief.
He's an American known for erotic performances on the internet.
His performances were no worthy because he was underage at the time.
He was 16.
In the process of operating his for pay sites, he met a number of subscribers in real life,
later reporting that he was molested by them.
I say.
No one for his erotic performances on the internet.
Well, if he was doing erotic things on the internet, what kind of people do he expect he
was going to meet?
I don't want to say he was like naive or anything like that or excuse those people that took
advantage of him.
Or he thought of what I'm saying?
Yeah.
But nevertheless.
And all you people out there with your computers and all your kids, God only knows what they're
doing on those PCs.
Let me tell you right now, including you.
God only knows, especially your wife, what she's doing on there.
Probably spending my money, I imagine.
Well, at least you don't have to spend a lot of time doing that because it's probably
good.
Just like the beeslees.
Oh, it doesn't mean she won't spend it.
Oh, she'll try anyway.
56670560, pound 560 of the Verizon singular wireless.
Let me have a controversial show today about the colors from the past.
Oh, I can't wait to hear him.
WNC-YM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
He's just going on, calling.
There you go.
I'm going on.
See you want me to blow off Wayne.
You're a hard ass man.
Yes, sir.
We just asked for Wayne to call.
And there he is.
What's going on, Wayne?
I'll tell you, Neil, it's just unbelievable.
We've had a lot of problems.
Yeah.
We've had a lot of problems with the city.
Oh, really?
I thought I believed you were.
I was like, I thought, I believed you were.
I was like, I'm going to go to the city.
I thought you said something else around the city.
Well, I think, yeah, what's your language, you know, when you got a party mouth?
30 hell, Neil.
Very far in a lot of extra stuff that I had.
Yeah, I hear that.
Two Georgia was at just my hearing.
Yeah, I was sure he said something about it.
I agree with him.
Okay.
It's a terrible situation.
But in any of that, I've just, where's a new contract today and they feel that the structural
engineer will be able to lay out the plans because now I have to comply with all the ABA
stuff with my restrooms.
So it's turned into, I'm going to have to make some changes in the structural and on the
inside.
Yeah.
So we feel we're going to be able to do it, but it could be three, four months.
Well, whatever.
You will just keep us posted.
I haven't forgotten.
I really, I really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really
the feedback I'm really very
focus on the course so that everyone from the Im colorful... and that everyone else from the very critical
community that I've mentioned place like that is more well-judged in
He's gay in my ass. Oh listen to a talk
You know that little yes, so what is that so in other words?
He deserves it is that the message because maybe he's gay
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he wasn't molested by anybody
He didn't want to be molested by oh
How do you know that because you know that created a web
Like expert purpose oh me your expert over here he created it a right
I've got a book on drugs. I can't know how we saw those illegal aliens
He'll wind up a blue dot show tonight. Yeah, he'll be bringing on the
We're not show tonight. Where's my violin? I'll be watching. I'll be glued to the screen. I'll bet I will be
I'll take good care of nothing the guy was 16 for Christ. He's 20 now. Yeah, he's 20
He's legal. He's legal. He has brace right though, but at 16 you know the lay of the land
Right, that's why I'm didn't I just get to stand there? There you go
So what do you know I didn't know what this is read all about so like Google it because you know for obvious reasons
I hear I was shocked to find that
No one for his erotic. Perform. Yeah, I'd never heard of it
How come now I didn't get to see that?
Well, you just thought typing the right thing
I don't know your Google buy. I'm like I told you a million times. Okay. I like a hands-on experience
I'm not into here sitting here looking at pictures looking at images on a you know
1146 of votes. I'm too old to waste my time. What's your take on illegal immigrants?
Deport all the legal's now 412 now you're talking my bye, but it's 11 million good
We'll pack them 11 million many many get started a lot of work to do
Only to port Cubans 281 that's disgraceful. I can't imagine why I would even put that on there
Other than I knew I'd get a big number and so I could chastise those people only deport old ugly green tooth Cubans now
We're talking too many already here
Grant and amnesty 192 18.7 percent
Build a wall around the Mexico, US border 135. I hate this pull 88 and only letting Cubans
38
3.3 percent 38
I wonder who those people are who said that
Probably people that want to want to do Cubans 1146 votes on a pool boy. How do you like that? Our goal was like 500
Fine, I got this tile. I got some very great stuff in here, man
Very important stuff. Move important tape, but I'm so fascinated when he's calls now
You know what? I got this moving to Italy. He just closed on a housing company. Yeah
I'd rather be in lots of lots of you myself
Where is that Latvia? Lazio I rather be in Roma
Oh, that was once upon a time now Roma is so like still as last year's monster
How many Q.A.M. except for the food Q.A.M. Hello?
George even laughs like a fairy. How many Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
You it doesn't sound like me. I was in Hill. It sounds just like me to me. I haven't sounded any different than a long time
There you go. Any of great show listen
Double things transplant to New York. You were talking the other day about
Avocrum
You know what you know that is of course you do
Yeah, Jackie Lee. I want to idiot. Yeah, how about there goes band very please
Okay, bye-bye
Wow, we want to Jackie Lee's boyfriend. You know Jack. It's all you Jackie Lee and Mo
Some together same person
W. Q.A.M. Hello
Yes, Neil please yes, sir speaking
Speaking
This is Neil this let me say again. This is me. Okay. This is it. Let's argue. Good. Oh
Now I know it's you. Yeah, now I know I know it's you. Okay. We don't got pali. Let's go
Let's quit with the four-play. It's a short show. What do you got a design? Go thank Keppola. Yeah happy paysock
Thank you. Okay. That's it. That he had no man. In fact
Sir first Jewish you bomb
5670560 pound five sixty never rise in singular wireless line
You're spicketing glaze pali. Huckney Nuskin China as they say in Siberia
W. Q.A.M. Hello
Neil what's going on? You don't hear much rectum rectum rectum
Looking to mirror rectum W. Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. I said
I'm on
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha on the range W. Q.A.M. Hello
Neil you know it's a shame that it's people like you that are the problem here in South Florida
Right, you know it's not our fault that the Lord doesn't
Oh stop it go back to your little circle of friends. There's a word missing in there, but I can't say it okay jerk
Get out of here
Sit in around the old Christmas tree. It's only the fourth April they already got the Christmas tree and they're all sitting around or maybe the maple pull or sitting around remember in school
He's sitting around the maple. Mm-hmm. I think they're sitting around the gate pool
Somebody's anyway four minutes till noon. We got Geltie at two. That's why these people are all worked up
This is Neil Roger. No, I sure would be this is 516
More Saturday and this portion of the Neil Rogers and your 12-to-one hour is brought to you by the ledon 12
What do group 4x678, 1112?
Slices of pizza all for me
All right
You just got back today
That jerk T.O. who used to play
Like nobody else mattered anyway, but man, that's Neil's thing Jerry Jones is crazy. The boys are back to clown. The boys are going down
I said the boys are back to clown. There's noise in Dallas, town
You know that jerk who used to dance a lot every time he got the ends over the sharply in his sock
It's man he thought he was cool, but he was really not what it joked that's ever low in
And that time at the Cowboys place went to your dance a little girl with a disgrace
Then Emma Grant over and got on his face and now he thinks they won't forget it
The boys are back to clown. The boys are going down
I said the boys are back to clown
This noise in Dallas, town
That's it. She's been hanging around
Is the ego is renowned
The boys are back to clown
That boys are going down
Well speaking of that you'll be released though the dress has been baptized and he's found Jesus
So there you go that the way it works everything's fine now now. He can really find out what abuse is all about
It's about 1 at 560 WQ AM. It's the blind show
Each your heart out the Chuck Bear and Beerus
I got the Doug Thompson column and I got one of the so good it's just shocking
War a theft from those who hunger by Gilbert Jordan. It's by Gilbert
I knew he'd sooner later come through for us. Hitler
The whole pile of really important stuff barbecue meets like with prostate cancer. You don't need that barbecue
You better tell Joe Bell liquid eating at the barbecue. That's his favorite well the throw it out
Link with prostate cancer. Oh, it's dead
Yeah
A compound form when meat is charred at high temperatures as in Bobby Q encourages the growth of prostate cancer in rats
The study for I want to do the whole thing now. I'm going to take a whole bunch of these good call WQ AM. Hello
Q I am
Hey, how are you today? Okay, sir
Good, it feels like just had an experience a couple of weeks ago on how our little not the
Sheriff Ken Jenny is a
Robbing the people I
My hit for place a year ago and I missed a couple of child support payments. I've made them for five years straight
I missed two of them. Okay, so I go to court
And the guy said well, he's gonna make these payments. You know, I'm paying my own bills. I'm buying it some other things
I can't make them right now. So where do I end up? I end up in friggin jail
Yeah, well don't do it again. Just pay the money
Get beat derelict
five six seven. Why do we care about that? Okay, we don't want to hear your soft story
Just pay the money. Okay, you sound like the beesleys now pay the money and get the phone working again
I got to pay for my kids. Are you surprised that these phone? You know, it's a damn good thing these people should kiss their phone
Now we got to any calls today and believe me they've been so good. We can sit too
trust me
Because the way the beesleys operate
I mean, you know that isn't just by accident that the thing keeps getting chopped off and you can't fix me stuff
And we got the well, what is that? I mean just unbelievable the way these people operate
It's like a mom and pop convenience store this place not like a like a stock market listed corporation
You people are gonna be joking over there, huh?
My god
WQ a.m. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir
Great never mind us the son of Shrinin
Awesome, man. I haven't caught in in a long long time. I've been in the nice sock. Yes
Actually, and I've been listening to all this video. It's good to hear that you're still on the air and I heard you just moved up there
Is one of cost to say love your show. Thanks, pal. All right, man. Let's see you down under. Okay
There you go. I got from Australia. See anybody with a brain to get out of there unless they're like trapped like a prisoner in zendiphyra trap
There I commiserate with the okay my deepest to this of these my deepest extremities
But my god, what a place and you hear it this show
Let me say again. This is the mirror South Florida and here you get great code text right to stupid column
Which I didn't even look at it. I don't read his crap
But the hopper told me about it. Oh the politicians shame on them
They don't want to build a standard without the marlins get away. Well, you know what? Well, pack us a lobby sandwich on a way out
David Samson you and your buddy Jeffrey laurea
With your millions and billions okay, we want it. We want well, you know what?
Go somewhere else and get it go to San Antonio and suck the blood out of those poor tech and they're not gonna give it to
They're either taxpayers. They're on can you give any money to dream and San Antonio talk us forget about it
I mean these people all like with their hat in their hand, you know, I go please please yeah
I got news for those guys aren't missing any meals
Same crap or a wing left off the same old deal, you know
Actually, I thought they played a pretty good game for opening that of course. Don't tell pitch last night right until later on yes
He did yeah, you only give up one hit I believe
Um, I don't know about that but he pitched great. He pitched scoreless
Interesting the interesting part they had the Houston telecast on thank God. They didn't have that awful rich wall scone here without the horses head
Well, I I listened to rich
Because I'm down here
I'm just telling you on my cable on my package. Yeah, it was the Houston telecast thanks god
And they said the atmosphere was like almost like a playoff game
Now why the hell would that have been?
Uh, because there was one nothing it was exciting. I don't know very exciting game
Very tense lot of tension the place was packed it was opening night and the Houston the Houston course defending champs
All the way, you know, the the Astros they just go all the way, you know, they just they just there's something there
You get swept by the white socks. It's not even worth going is it?
By the pale hose
The white socks. Oh my god. The red socks two years ago and into white socks
Maybe it'll be the black socks this year remember 1919. I'm sure you do just like it was yesterday the black socks candle. Oh yeah all the time
You read about that. I read about it on the funny papers
Before my time covered you Q a.m. Hello
Hey
I'm liking that. Love it. Q a.m. Hello
Is it 560? 560 W Q a.m. That's it
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
All right
You know all this amnesty crap
You know what you know what the aliens and everything else amnesty my ass. Okay
Send it back where they came from
Let him get a job
They need to do what they need to do if they want to end this year they want to listen
560. 0560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular road lines. Do you think I'm going to listen to that?
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, sir. Yeah, the funniest thing. Wouldn't that come from colors from the past? There's nothing like that
Some jackass
WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yeah
How all of a sudden just have to click a click of a click of a finger you get climbers on there so fast
What do you mean by that? A couple of days ago you just hadn't had an irregular conversation and something with the godfather came up
And all of a sudden just all of a sudden you hear climents are right away. How's that so quick?
They think it only just like that. It's got clilets in his hands. Yeah
They just started over. No, my ass isn't that big
Yeah, like magic pali. Well, let me tell you something my
Just like old bus to brown show plunk your magic twang or froggy and I plucked my magic
Give me a little bit of advice and I'm gonna get to some nice stuff here now
Okay, these people like I said they got their own little acts and their practice and now for the vaudeville
They've seen Dana Bash on CNN. She's doing a senior Wences thing with that mouth
She is really she's not human
She looks she's even worse than condor or condor lizard
Condor lizard
Doug Thompson says Iraq much worse off than before we and it quotes liberated this liberated in quotes
Full sarcastic there
In 1980 Ronald Reagan's chances of one C. Jimmy Carter improved dramatically when he asked one simple question
Americans during a debate are you better off now than you were four years ago
With inflation running ramp and Americans held hostage in Iran and mortgage rates at 18% the answer for the masses came back a
Resounding no
Today if you ask the average Iraqi the same question you'd get the same answer
Four years ago Iraqis enjoyed electricity and most of their homes walked the streets of Baghdad without fear
And as long as they stayed out of the crosshairs of Saddam Hussein's campaign of terror led relatively normal lives
More Americans for capital died from crime in our streets and from crime in Iraq not so today
Fewer homes in Iraq have electrical power now than before the US invasion in 2003
Iraqis of it is dying city streets every day victimist of a growing war between the occupying forces of the US
And the insurgents who are much better at waging more than American soldiers instead of liberating Iraq
We've driven a deeper into poverty to spare in danger instead of bringing freedom of the nation
We've brought anarchy death and disruption pause of Iraqi citizens show they are angry at the US for what they see as the destruction of their nation
I talked recently with a national guardsman home on leave. Oh don't tell me national guard was over there
He says Americans are hated despised and feared by those they were the who was supposed to have liberated
We worked with an interpreter in Iraqi faces retaliation from the insurgents for helping the military
And told me recently that Iraq would be better off today if we had never invaded their country
And if we left to Saddam Hussein in power said the guardsman who asked that his name not be used because he fears retaliation by his commanding officers
If he opens his mouth
If what he says is true then why are we there why have friends of mine died?
He asked why indeed with the majority of Americans now believing President Bush lied to justify his invasion of Iraq
And even larger majority saying the invasion was a mistake the question should be
How many more must die Iraqi and American before this country admits it was wrong before they get the gong
Saddam Hussein was a dictator in a desperate. There's no doubt about that
He killed thousands upon thousands of his own people in periodic purges
But Americans have proven themselves capable of atrocities on March 15th near Balad Iraqi police reported
American forces used helicopters to drop troops on the house of Faiz Harad Kaloff situated in the Abu Sifah village of the Ashaki district
The American forces gathered the family members in one room and executed 11 people including five children
Four women and two men then they bombed the house burned three vehicles and killed their animals
The report continued autopsy is revealed that all the victims had bullet shots and they had all bodies were handcuffed
In Aditha late last year on November 15th Marines carried out revenge after an insurgent bomb attack on the US force
A nine-year-old survivor of that massacre told time magazine
First they went into my father's room where he was reading the Quran and we heard shots
I couldn't see their faces very well only their guns sticking into the doorway
I watched them shoot my grandfather first in the chest and then in the head then they killed my granny
The Marines killed 15 Iraqis including women and children the Pentagon said they were insurgents but no connection with the insurgency was ever established
Because of incidents like this many Iraqis feel America has an occupying forces no better than Sodom or other butchers in their history
Illinois congressman Richard Durbin recently compared American fighters to Nazis Soviets in their ghoulogs or some mad regime
poor potter others that had no concern for human beings
In March Iraqi civilians died of the way the 75 a day in war where victory is mentioned by perception and nutrition
America may have already lost
I think the calculation on the part of the insurgency now is that if this gets into a war of attrition and significant civil conflict
They've defeated the US anyhow sedenthany court has been an expert on the Iraq conflict at the center for strategic international studies in Washington
The world has always had its dictators and many still exist today in places like North Korea and China
Even our so-called allies in the Middle East like Saudi Arabia or Dubai are nowhere near the kind of Western style democracies
The US is trying to ram down Iraq's throats
Iraq posed no immediate threat to the US. We know that now as the suspect our elected leaders knew it before the invasion
But chose to withhold that information from the American people Congress and our allies such conduct is considered criminal in most civilized societies
But America seems to be a civilized place a long time ago a civilized society doesn't torture civilians or massacre women and children
America is a bully an international thug that uses fear lies and deceit to advance the personal agendas of its leaders
Bullies don't deserve respect bullies don't deserve the benefit of the doubt bullies our beneath contempt
And unfortunately as long as Americans tolerate the despotic rule of George W. Bush
We share the responsibility for the shame our leadership has brought upon a once great nation called the US a
The
Spinger right in it baby dog Thompson
They're gonna like give him what for if he don't watch it remember that little problem he had a couple weeks ago
Mm-hmm new betcha and not too pleased with his ass as they have boys. Yeah, that's right. They have a's all right 1213 at 560 W.A.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful
What's your name?
when
What the hell did we do to keep the swagger we are hanging in that new portion?
Oh, she's a bully!
She's a bully!
Give it a Christian right, the new third right!
Oh, she's a bully!
Oh, she's a bully!
A bad just bully!
Here's our last nightly!
Through a home to waste!
Stop, we don't dispatching!
But she much better to say we should be a bully!
A whole new eighth year!
A whole new eighth year!
But she's a bully!
A bad just bully!
Watch it now, watch it!
Watch it now!
Ah, I just read great co-texas covering them right there.
Unless deal is done, you know, big cities get things done and David Samson said this and buddy me, but it will and all this other crap.
And unless deal gets done by these politicians, the majorly baseball's youngest team is going to grow up to be loved by other fans elsewhere.
Bye bye!
In other words, there's something great to be had about having a majorly baseball's youngest team.
In other words, like watching a double A ball.
That's a little presumptuous as David, isn't it? Maybe they'll be hated by out of fans though.
Yeah, that's right.
They can lose on with games for other fans to buy the tickets for, to be subsidized by.
And lose buddy for another radio stage, so I'm sorry.
Right, that's right.
We're going to lose Boku Bucks on him, Arlen's this year too.
Again, just like in 88, after they won a World Series the first time, I remember I remember with the outcome was, but I remember they had a sue waiting to try to get the broadcast fees rights reduced because they had a fire sale the first one.
And put a minor league no contentory team out there in the field.
And now these people are doing the same thing again.
The worst is supposed to be pleased about that.
Oh, please, it's just another way of, you know, trying to suck the public into like building a stadium and then screw you guys just like weighted with the Panthers.
No low contentory man, very, very sad.
And by the way, we want to do no one I can carry Roberts back.
Nice going John Ferguson, Jr. you idiot.
1198 votes on the pool. What's your take on a legal? I'm not going to read it. That's embarrassing.
The correct answer is deport all the legals now. That's the correct answer. So you need to know what I wrote it.
Now if you like the article by Doug Thompson, here's one of the best articles and it's written by Gilbert.
No, not that one. Gilbert Jordan.
I wonder if he's can do a Mark Jordan.
Number Mark Jordan. Who? He's a park. Nope. Well, anytime I give you a name that you don't know it's probably some old harness driver or.
Gilbert Jordan. He retired professor. Well, you listen to this very important.
He retired professor English from Monroe Community College in Rochester, New York and anti-war activist,
ragtime panel player and full time landscape artist. Gilbert Jordan from Rochester. See there right across the lake.
Hi, you don't, Gilbert.
War of theft from those who hunger.
Seven years ago, I read about a person commiserating with his friend about a serious medical diagnosis.
How bad is it he inquired? Well, let's put it this way. I've stopped flossing.
That anecdote is a perfect analogy for the quagmire we find ourselves in on the recently observed third anniversary of our invasion of Iraq.
That war of choice, not necessity, is a mile post in our growth as an imperial power.
It's the natural outcome of a half century of increased militarization.
Time when we've grown to accept the idea that a substantial portion of our resources must be diverted from human needs to building a military force invincible to challenge.
As is well documented in the new film, Why We Fight. Remember the guy called in about that yesterday?
The correct militarization of America had its roots in the Second World War.
The film focuses on Dwight Eisenhower's 61 farewell speech to the nation at the end of his eight year presidency.
In a remarkable prescient warning, he told Americans that for the first time in our history,
we produced a permanent arms industry and that we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications.
Our toil resources and livelihood are all involved, so is the very structure of our society, said, Ike.
What Eisenhower saw 45 years ago as a mass-tasticized into a gargantuan military juggernaut whose cost exceeds the arms expenditures of all other nations combined.
Eisenhower would be stunned at the growth of this beast now sucking wealth life under democracy out of America.
It's become the tale that wags the dog of four so huge and thoroughly ingrained in our culture and political institutions that some believe its dominance has become irreversible.
Consider that there are currently over 700 US military bases spread around the globe, a modern equivalent of the Roman legions once covering huge portions of the known world.
The cost of such a smothering presence is intentionally obscured to divert attention from the scope of our military program.
The announced Pentagon budget of $439 billion per year is pure dixie dixie dust.
Iraq and Afghanistan wrote cost another 120 billion this year and not even included in the figure, but covered by supplemental request to Congress.
Absent is another means of budgetary slide of hand. The real cost of our military probably approaches three quarters of a trillion dollars a year, even in America that should be viewed as an impressive number.
How did we reach such an unsustainable and perilous point in our history? As the memorable line goes and all the presidents men, follow the money.
Simply put, war is profitable, although its health for people is good for business.
Think Halibut and Northrop, general dynamics, Boeing, Lockheed, Raytheon and the thousands of smaller companies feeding the insatiable law of our military appetite.
Ships, tanks, humours, planes, helicopters, drones, missiles, atomic bombs, all the high-tech toys to delight the hearts of our warlords.
And all produced by companies bloated with unconscionable profits derived from cost plus contracts and the Neemick Federal oversight.
These manufacturers representing one of the few sectors of the American economy not to be outsourced, work tanned and work hand in glove with the Pentagon, always developing newer, more complicated weapons, whether appropriate or not for today's challenges.
But this alliance between the Pentagon and the interviewees gone beyond what I's now envisioned and now includes Congress, again follow the money.
Politicians always interwaste to finance the next re-election campaign and become addicted to the first supply by lobbyists to the defense industry.
Former congressman Duke Cunningham, maybe the most visible symbol of a venal politician accepting bribes of cash, oriental rugs, antique cars and shady wheel estate transactions, but he was certainly not the only member on in on the take.
And the Pentagon has made sure that defense contracts are spread far and wide to sweeten the deal for politicians and their constituents back home, for example the B2 bomber suppliers in all 50 states.
Those defense plants create sorely-needed jobs and by cleverly scattering them throughout the country, the military industrial congressional complex assures that all communities will gelously protect the plants against future closings.
So people have worked, politicians get credit for enhancing the economies of their states and districts, the manufacturers get the chance to put their hands into the honey jar and the Pentagon brass gets support for the new weapons systems they crave.
It's a complex, cozy, corrupting symbiosis, and what price?
The most painful cause towards the loss of our youth either killed outright, grievously wounded or psychologically damaged for life.
Although we're always in a state denial of denial about enemy losses, they're usually far worse and involved under only opposing military forces, but on uncounted civilian bystanders including children, smartwifers, and other people.
Another price is the creation of fearful, docile citizens who in effect are saying do what you have to protect us from the world's threats if it involves torture and trying suspected terrorists in foreign prisons with no prospect of ever being released so be it.
If we have to sacrifice privacy and traditional rights granted under our former government, we're prepared to accept that as a necessary condition.
Another is the gradual bankrupting of the country. The National Vet Clock in Times Square as numbers clicking upward at lightning speed is now predicted to become obsolete within two years because they can only register amounts up to $10 trillion.
The Bush administration is the first in our history that's lowered taxes in time of war. The effect of this proffelacy is to push massive indebtedness in on the future generations, a legacy our grandchildren will discover much of their dismay. Maybe the government program should be renamed Leave No Child of Dime.
A further cost is addiction to war itself, a tendency to rely more on brute force than diplomatic resolutions and international tensions. Since WWII, we've seen military action in Korea, Vietnam, Panama, Grenada, Lebanon, Bosnia, Afghanistan, and Iraq, with a potential additions of North Korea, Iran and Syria on the runway, preparing for takeoff.
As the biblical passage goes, sow the wind and reap the whirlwind.
Starting one war only sets conditions for the next one and eventually the intervals between conflicts for a shorter and shorter. Are we look forward to the day when pieces of distant memory and war is perpetual and even more brutal?
If we accept that as our future then, we're reminded of a joke on Gerson Keeler's program, what's the difference between genius and stupidity? Answer, genius has its limits.
Eisenhower certainly realized the dreadful cost of war-making in 1953 he addressed newspaper editors, outlining what a sacrifice on the human level when we use war as a short-sighted solution to our problems.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and aren't fed, those who are cold and not clothed.
The world in arms is not spending money alone, it is spending the sweat of labor, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children, this is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the cloud of threatening war it is humanity hanging from an iron cross.
The problem is that President Sincis now are either not understood the warning, understood it but ignored it, or a powerless to slow the inevitable advance of the relentless war machine.
We appear to be trapped in our own version of Groundhog Day endlessly by living the mistakes of the past. It can be no surprise then that some people have already decided to stop crossing.
Pretty good huh? Damn good. For a...
For a crusty collagen? Huh?
Well for a landscape artist or a Rochester from Monroe Community College. Not too bad. Certainly better than Greg Cotex.
27 and of course we can use a lot of that in mind to build new stadiums.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16.8.
The Miami Heat Show featuring Pat Riley, Randy Fond and all Miami Heat Players is on ONE CDM.
This is T-Shirt. President Sincis soon he resorted to the game.
Tune in tomorrow with Hank Goldberg and the Miami Heat Show exclusively on sports radio 5.16.
U-A-M.
Dear God! Hey! It's Pat! I'm Santa.
This is Bill Collins becoming an graduate news and fun and fellow artist is gonna be wearing girls clothes before Zalda.
Hey the father, Alberta. Wabba. Are you but wearing a bedrash?
Hey hey hey hey. It worked for my Lawrence and Tyler Perry. So I'm gonna dress the same way.
Hey hey hey. Hey look, you're coming for me to help.
Why are you calling me with, Fat Out Bird? You don't want wearing high heels. You get right ruffles.
That's right. Fat Out Bird is like school on Thanksgiving.
You will all thanks, given.
Uh huh. No class. World kids what have we learned today?
You see if you are an African American comedian and you want a number one movie, you gotta dress up like a woman.
And that's the real drag.
Oh this stuff you just facs me is enough to make me want to cry. I just can't believe it.
First of page from one of those listeners again doing his own show, doing a stick, stick it.
I don't even know what he's talking about. And number two, this, this T.M. Shion article in city link.
Again, talk about people having their head, other people's ass.
I'm not, well you think I would read this on a year?
No, it was for your own amusement. About Daniela Bancz did boy?
Yeah, I'll tell you one thing. Like I said, they're sure, they're sure schmoozing and smearing the right people. No question about that.
What do you think the newspaper people are the payroll don't we?
Yeah, they might enjoy a phony story like that. They sure are entertaining over there and they're sure losing their ass.
I mean to get this out for a business year and we'll put in a thing like yesterday about, oh how the Adolphins, you know, they're really doing it over there on Wassie.
Yeah, right, they are. First of all the broadcasts suck. The Adolphin organization hates their broadcasts like poison number two. I know that for a fact.
And number three, they lost the coin to our best stats. The three and a half million dollars the first year on the Adolphin broadcast.
Even in spite of winning the last, what was it? Seven and a row six, whatever was.
What was it, Josh? Six and a row? Six and a row? Yeah.
Despite of that. So you keep paying for one and a half million dollars a year for that crap and then go out there and try to sell it.
And by the way, if you want the Marlin games, you can have that Marlin Astro game tonight. How do you like that?
What I'm hearing. You can have it. We don't want it.
In fact, you can have Greg Kotech broadcast the games that would be a part for the chorus.
With Dave Ann Boring. Five six seven oh five sixty.
Tom five sixty and they Verizon singular wireless line. WQ a.m. Hello.
You leave or any Canada. That's it.
That takes you over. Middle of those call. But one of the light catches up in about 10 minutes.
They're going to be smoking. You'll see what they're smoking. Do you be able to smell it? All right. Five six seven oh five sixty.
Tom five sixty. See I read those two salating articles in the Nazi and all these other silly people.
They go bye bye. Oh gee. We want to play. We want to play.
Well, listen. Huh? We'll miss those people. Oh yeah.
What are we going to do without them? Especially when we like shut the phone off.
Then we won't have to worry about whether the phone is working or working or the facts is working.
Just shut that baby off. That a good idea. Yeah. It's great. I'm asking the wrong person. I know that.
Josh don't want any part of that. And then what's going to happen when you go on here in the summertime?
Which by the way is only a couple of months away, Mr. Hodgshotton.
Uh huh. Not to mention that next vacation wasn't that. We shouldn't have far off either.
I just mentioned that in passing again. Father Perinoia. WQA and hello.
Oh, and I would say a line checker across the street.
New York City may be known as the center of artistic expression, but a judge yesterday dismissed the lawsuit that argued people have a constitutional right to dance in any bar restaurant.
Ruelling on a suit that argued recreational dancing was a form of expression for techno the New York State Constitution.
Judge Michael Stomach of the New York State Supreme Court said clubs and restaurants that permitted dancing increased traffic and noise around the establishment.
The case was brought by a club seeking to overturn the law of requirement establishment step a special license for payments to be allowed to dance.
Although it dismissed the case for a lack of any viable constitutional claim, the judge did say the 80 year old prohibitionary cabaret law could be reexamined.
The city can take the lead by finding a way to accommodate more opportunities for participatory social dancing.
He said surely the big apple is big enough to find a way to let people dance. Let the little girl dance by them.
We would just play enough the other day just the other day by really planned and Ricky Tiki air shot called in and said boy, this is sure exciting.
It is captivating. Radio's many of New York's bars and restaurants that don't show your cabaret license.
Postions and they're all saying no dancing and bartenders frequently tell people they don't allow the dance in a bar, leaving tourists to be wilder.
Well, they better get with it. Dance away right down the subway. It was Bernie Gets.
Okay, that's enough. Not Billy Blaine. Not to be confused with Bobby Blueblaine, my bad.
WDQAM, hello.
No! Yes, sir.
What we need to do, you know, conceal lessons like this. Go up here and become four to a minute, man.
By God's will.
Scream a little louder next time. That works very well. And the people really hear you good. WDQAM, hello.
Hey, God. How are you up back to the room where they've got the little red ball ready, buddy?
And that's when he took away from Joyce.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Was that Todd Directly was talking about, probably.
Tom, maybe that's where what Troy was doing over the hotel six. Him and Troy, exchanging those apples.
Duncan for apples. WDQAM, hello.
That's it. Okay, that takes care of those. So I'm going to dive right back in.
I think you're right. I think maybe just to shut that baby off for a few months.
Oh, gee. Don't do that. WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
What's your opinion about guys that dance by themselves?
What's your opinion about them? Yeah. What's your opinion about them?
I don't mean it's kind of cool.
Oh, okay. Well, go dance. Go dance in your pants. It's really cool as when I hear.
Never really give up much thought. Have you thought about that too much guys that dance by themselves?
I don't know. I don't know what that is.
Is that the gentries and keep on dancing? Close. Very close.
I'm going to dance things, but you're lucky that...
Well, let's dance by Chris Montez.
I always thought that when I first started in the latest days, it sounded like me.
Chris Montez was the only one that I could hear.
What ears are for us? I don't know. 61.
62. No, ha. She always doesn't want it.
Always. Yeah. I'm always the only one that knows the C-GAR.
I was speaking to no C-GAR when I was...
Where's that stuff?
And we got that yet, either.
Come in to Q-I-M. Hello, O'Breath.
Q-I-M.
Long run. W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Hey, Mia, how are you?
Okay.
How's the weather up in Toronto today? I'm just curious.
Are you okay, Gordon?
How's the weather up in Toronto?
Cool. W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Yeah, man. I'm good.
I'm good.
W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Good.
I want to say you guys got a great website.
Yeah.
And I went down to the very bottom, which is 9-11 Pentagon.
And I was blown away by that information that I saw about the Pentagon and the 9-11.
And I'm wondering why the public isn't screaming about this.
That there wasn't any.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
And not only that, but what is that Pentagon strike happening with American Idol, right?
Right.
And stuff like that.
How's everyone else around doing?
Anybody heard?
No.
I sure hope he's going to be okay for a satyr.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16".
This is 5'16".
The season pays off.
When the sun's on me, I'll try to put me down and set thee on the logic of radiation.
Oh, I can't find a way down this city.
I can't get your hurt of my show.
This is all from one imagination.
I'll take your blood out for no reason.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll try to solve each other's problems.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be standing up.
I'll go present the altar in the choir now.
She'll be singing away.
Be true and yet she'll...
That's right.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
I'll show you my stars.
Be true and yet she'll...
You can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die, you can die
Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Harry Potter Harry Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter Harry Potter
their ass okay a restaurant in the center back then they can work for them in
Mexico right right where you want a mala or you can Agua or whatever they want to
go because that's what it's all about is bringing in this cheap cheap tea
tea that's what it's all about it's got nothing to do with the fact that George
W loves illegal aliens or other Mexicans or anybody else what a joke that is
where they's a great humanitarian no what it's got to do with is that these big
corporate buddies they want that steady flow of cheap cheap cheap labor anyway
here's the latest survey national Americans are divided by whether legal
immigrants help or hurt the country of poll finds see there's that term illegal
immigrants just like on our poll they don't want to say illegal aliens more than
a half of those questions are open to allowing undocumented workers to obtain
some temporary legal status so they can stay in the USA at the same time people
don't that directing offense along the US Mexican border can help fix such a
complex and enduring problem two thirds don't think it would work well why
give it a shot right on a dot said let's give it a shot you can't go up and
round up 11 million people and ship them out of the country said Robert Kelly
he should kind of lawyers among the 56% of Americans in favor of allowing some
kind of legal status it just isn't practically said a smaller but
significant share 41% oppose any kind of legal status giving voice to a law
order mindset that bristles at the notion of officially recognizing those who
didn't pay about a rules to get here illegal is criminal said looala Kelly 65
year old grandma from round rock Texas you go looala she said her 16 year old
granddaughters had a hard time finding part time work because all the jobs
they're taken by those who work illegally in the country if we're gonna give
them honesty why don't we give honesty all the people who break out of jail a
good point yeah that's right they broke the law but now they're out they're out
and about so therefore the logic here let's give honesty let's give my job in
57 Chevy and a driver's license and a voter registration card look forget
a radio political aimless see an opening in such pole results for person in
bush we support oh yeah he's got an opening all right you know what's called
back home big one look at a votes on that poll baby are you impressed or what
1251 what's your take on illegal immigrants arrest people who hired them we
just put on their that should go zooming up there because then I mean you know
if that happens if everybody's a terrified to hire them and there are no jobs
that aren't going to they're gonna stop coming right we're gonna deport you
and that's we already three quick votes in there just I just refreshed it I
just clicked it real fast and three quickies you ever have three quickies there's
four quickies I have really don't want to hear about it you talk about it when
you're on no five six seven oh what's that oh what is that stuff they're showing
on CNN oh I don't know I can't watch the daring Kagan show oh it's some kind of
Japanese though how come Chinese food is so good and Japanese food is such
like that depends on what you have yeah you haven't had any so Japanese food
right that's because I never bit a Japan I know your daughter was there now you're
next burdened sediments so why don't you speak Japanese right all of those
things all of these all of these things so you got like and of course you had
that little girl from Japan living in your house did she like turn you
Japanese that's right she cooked for us and really and so we had Japanese what
she cooked it was very good chicken that sounds very Japanese to me that's how
they make it all that fish I had nasty fish and then those noodles you know
like the sure talking noodles Japanese my other thing make a classic
tiny noodles a compound formed when meat is charged you just fits right in
now is a good time to stick this thing in there about to barbecue and prostate
cancer I'm just mention is where that look after that response to that thing
with a pasta which I just passed along because it was a personal discovery and see
they don't want to hear that they want to hear about ice cream stuff that's bad
for them then they go nuts although the vocal burgers were something that
wasn't bad for Mrs. Sarah there although it was high in carbs but you know not
not that bad they don't know what they want compound form when meat is
charged at high temperatures as in barbecue encourages the growth of prostate
cancer in rats the study presented at a meeting with the American Association
for Cancer Research may help explain the link between eating meat in a higher
risk of prostate cancer it also also fits in with other studies suggesting
that cooking meat until it charrs might cause cancer the compound called
phlp is formed when meat is cooked at very high temperatures Dr. Angela
Demarza when his colleagues at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore be
sand it appears to both initiate and promote the growth of prostate cancer in
rats we stumbled across a new potential interaction between ingestion of cooked
meat in the diet of cancer in the rat for humans the biggest problem is that it's
extremely difficult to tell how much php phlp you've ingested since different
amounts are formed depending on the cooked conditions and how how much you
pee ph for the study yatsu tomo nakai and other members of Demarza team sounds
often Japanese to me mixed phlp and food given the rats for up to eight weeks
then studied animals prostate and testants and spines they find genetic mutations
in the organs after just four weeks but you see they're putting their then
mix the directly into the food see I don't know what do you think they're
gonna give up your smoky of bones barbecuer right then of course the barbecued
people are gonna call in and say that's grilling you're talking about grilling
barbecue is slow cook and does not involve charrs it there's a difference between
grilled and bobbycute apparently there is and I didn't I didn't know what not
I love grilled meat which is what we're doing when you read the making hard flavor
waver flavor waver which we both got one free just for reaching out there not
yeah yeah this is such a joke everything's an ulterior motive yeah yeah you
couldn't possibly be passing along any useful information was unless there was
something in a for you like I really needed you know I'm really I
sure don't care she's the first thing that found out when I came to this
town there's no such thing as out of the kindness of your heart no hard
right right you know we've heard of a we're all hard never heard of such a
thing it just exists on TV or something five six seven oh five 60 man
the calls are fantastic we've bring to few people not enough but a few for a
story can there ever be there and pound five 60 on the Verizon singular
wireless line you know that thing that puffees that you sent me on the
vast amount I'm telling you just amazing the press that they're getting and
that happens every single time there anybody goes up against this station
whether it was the fan mortis these the strata silly as Jim Berry you fall these
idiotic people same crap and then of course a stoo got this first incarnation
before daddy started to lose with a big bucks and it became general manulars
to gots I mean to to know him and so it's so it's just a concept we like making
Robert Grieper the the CEO of general motors you know think about that put it
in those terms and that's what stoo gots is to through our friends across the
street who lost their ass by the way the dolphins just like we're losing their ass
on a marlin's little league team that great that's probably why great great
code text likes him so much they don't want them they're already losing
enough on the other crap but now that you got don't you call pepper man and
that the pictures unloaded and inventory now we should fear them right I think
everybody ought to fear the colds Josh now that they got at all but they already
had a great field go kicker with those as name like Vanderjack my bandage
Jack who had the highest I think the best record in history at least
am I right about that I don't know I'm pretty sure he had a phenomenal record
it was very good but now they got to mr. Clux baby and inventory
they'll bring a tear to your eye although sandy paid many better stay away from
you ferry somebody Q.A.M. hello good afternoon Neil yes sir have you heard the latest
Gestapo tactic by our right wing state legislature and you know you know
Florida when you get a traffic ticket but if you don't pay it with it
it's not right yeah you spend your license well now they're they got to move
underway but if you don't pay that ticket and get your license suspended they'll
take away your car hmm so hey you know they now just want to get you completely
off the road by taking away your car and well you know something that's
probably a pretty good idea because the people out there don't pay the tickets
deserve that their car taken away and that just frees up a little more room on
a freeway that's why you're all a freeway and spigot get all these idiot drivers
so-called drivers off the road an embarrassment humiliating the degrading the
only state in America by the way it's the only one of the 50 where you can get
a driver's license in a box of cracker jack so what are the barren games
support the marlins and get you a driver's license and maybe I'll give you a
57 Chevy too because they're free lawyer and David Samson are all hard we love
the marlins they really stocking like that don't forget the marlins in the
Astros in Houston that I have the what is it minute made the park right see
you taught me that I learned a little something from you that I after I care
because I mean all these all these corporate names used to be in Ron field or
something like that and then in Ron of course we know what happened to them see
I wouldn't want to be playing in a ballpark named after a company that went out
of business like pro player stadium like that not good WQ I am hello Q I
yes if they deport all the Mexicans would that include some high no yes he gets
an exemption she's hot I like the way I follow her and stay follow her that she
goes yeah five six seven I what about what's your name what's her name Mexican with
a big ass JLo she's Puerto Rican oh so Rican I forgot that's why she's got
such a big ass that makes a lot of American I started to say before about the
Mexican thing I don't know a lot of Mexicans I don't think I know any and so
the stereotype in my mind is because of all those mushy beans that Mexicans eat
in their diet is like fat like roton you know it's because of the rampant
poverty there like most of Latin America and a lot of mushy beans and they're
always high carbs you think of like Raul fat porky people but the Mexicans I'm
seeing like doing all these demonstrations are lean and mean because they
they're eating mean cuisine or something I don't know what they're doing maybe
they're eating a taco bell taco shmaco you think that's it maybe
or I don't tell me that Mexicans don't eat a taco bell I mean I just I
would know I'll go ask one what I see what yeah go go find a Mexican and maybe
I'll take you to Taco Bell maybe I mean is that where you guys learn to get all
those mushy beans from right Taco Bell refried beans man oh
when you go to the table and say to me and hold the bean don't squeeze into
tech because then they'll start dripping hold those beans there's all
mushy refried I mean you think about that and if you've ever seen them I'm sure
you have like in Taco Bell what were they're mixing up the fresh batch of
the mushy bean stuff and you can see all the fat in there and they're like oh god
let's remember how death and that's the low carb pasta this is me who
wrote everything about the pasta like what we're gonna do like these on the
cases the
one two two one
and the left off
they got it in a run use that bomb and they won't pass along see it crazy I run
corrupting all the slime I know it sounds crazy when we tuck and come over
you
maybe we can avoid
you've got oil like the rack so you think you are slick you think you're so great
but beware you're talking once you're push and
we know your country doesn't bother with the policy you'd rather blow us up and try to get us to a
great
they got it in a run there's more stuff that they want to get it on don't want oil
you know you'll be done
oh boy it's one o'clock at five sixty wfm we got guilty coming along at two mad dog four to seven
three solid hours for the mad dog a long days work very unusual for him three
solid hours because the marlins are playing in a simple time zone got it
talking hardball with a crow at seven o'clock we're pretty embarrassed by that
marlins on decades seven thirty five marlins at the estero's 80 five phone by the
anti-cashore now you know i really wonder how we get those like if you were to say
mo green you know who i am i'm mo green
some main name my bones when you were going out with cheerleader how do we do that
do you know something with Luca Brasi wow i actually
shoot with a fish like that i better get name any movie at random and you have something on it like
yeah i like Gary Glen Ross yeah for example
poppies for closes on see like that anyway supporters of a guest worker
program that would let illegal immigrants stay in the u.s. said today they don't have enough
senate votes to overcome objections from conservatives who oppose the measuring grounds
that amounts to amnesty as negotiators worked on a compromise to let those who've been here
the longest remain senator john mccain of our zone of senate majority and a hundred member
senate support his and senator Edward Kennedy's proposal to provide green cards to illegal
immigrants after they worked in the u.s. for six years and majority but it takes sixty senators
to overcome opponents parliamentary tactics mccain don't have that many poor Ted Kennedy
all you usually like him a lot but in this particular and john mccain i never like him
and i and i see why more than eleven many illegal immigrants are believed to be in the
western senator male martin is a florida said he and senator chuck hinkle and the bransk are
pushing a fallback plan they would put those who've been here the longest on a track
towards citizenship but treat more recent arrivals differently a similar approach is rejected by
the senator judiciary committee last week but was a five last night during a meeting a majority
leader bill fist office he held up his fist and gave him what for about a bing about thirty
republican senators about thirty men out for more than an hour today but no consensus emerged
can and can it deny their proposal is amnesty saying illegal immigrants would have to pay two
thousand dollars in fines and any back taxes and clear background checks before they get in line
for a green card you have a green card don't you have a white card i keep telling you that
white people are white card fifty seven green shabby sounds good to come here all sounds excellent
maybe a little bit beat up twelve hundred ninety one votes on that poll take a puket that man
we're gonna go over thirteen hundred or maybe even do close to fourteen of twelve ninety three
and just zoom enough there and uh that thing we just put on there at the end thank goodness
arrest people who hired them something that's not ready good dirty doesn't should have like
thousand because they're the ones responsible they have this because they want the cheap help man
they want to be able to like can't he lean her sweatshops during Latin America that's right
i was speaking of network vices here's a little update the candy candy coric watch i'm sure
that you're like on the edge of your seat you probably have a renapple quick step ten times
today worried about candy coric beyond cbs stupid stupid desperate just desperate they could look
at you at a point and that a cbs deserves all the crap that they get for like caving in on poor
dan rather right and danny boy i wouldn't watch cbs even news if they put uh just in whatever
that kid that was naked doing his uh show well maybe i would and you see i think about that story
and i mean like who did he think was watching i was exactly who was watching yeah exactly
jesus you know exactly what he was doing and who he was doing well maybe that's why they watch
because he knew what he was doing speculation sweeping two network news divisions that candy
coric co-host of nvc's top-rated today shows about to jump to rival cbs and become its evening news
anchor a move many in industry cc is a gamble it's a gamble and a bad one two people
familiar with the situation told writers they believe coric 49 is a tentative deal with cbs
they would make her the first woman installed as the sole permanent anchor of a major never
keeping newscast but they said no formal agreement had been hammered out when it down hammered out
so the hammer said hey stupid coric now i forgot to ask him about that again remind me
tomorrow morning i asked him about kid coric i can't use the work whether there's on a channel four
great once went out with her on a date coric now just shut up coric who's co-hosted nvc's
highly profitable today show for 15 years remains under contract nvc into late may that's only next
month representatives for that that that's time to go by like just like that representatives for
cbs nvc controlled by g e of course decline comment as it occurs personal publicist Matthew hilsick
hilsick something like that the answer is inside her head and nobody is there but her one
network inside is it the answer is in her head not much else in there media reports the cbs
exec seeking the lure coric away from nvc first surface in jane way of last year as dan rather was
forced to step down the cbs news anchor after a 60 minutes two report on president pushes military
record all of which was accurate but then over technicality which they were too stupid to defend
that like oh well you got to go dan you win the staff bye bye federman correspondent oki doki
bob sheifer 69 going on a hundred nine took over for rather on an interim basis and the third
ranking network evening newscast has since shown gradings growth how do you like that like a big tumor
maybe all the old parts are watching while abc and nvc newscast have lost ground
tifor as insisting doesn't want to keep the job and cbs chief Leslie moonvez has repeatedly
expressed a gun as to prevent the newscast alert younger viewers see i had to write the news see
younger people are gonna watch that with or without kati coric do you think young people want to
see uh kati coric no no i mean younger yeah i'm maybe under a hundred like between 80 and a hundred
yeah was about a possible coric defession gained steam again monday is tv week reported a deal for
to move the cbs news have a completed in principle and the announcement of our nvc exit could come
as early as next week stories speculating about coric leaving nvc also ran the liatimes
new or daily news the new york times the uh city link right next to the one about dan la bastard
wall street journal report last month that cbs had offered coric about 15 million year to
permanently replace rather and contribute to 60 minutes 15 million year for so are new people
out there with no tell all these people are called up with a little of phony shows and other
keep plugging away man keep doing it do your best to do your duty and who is maybe they'll be paying
you 15 million years someday to be on network tv or to make yourself into a goofball or pretend
urnalist like kati coric and the solely that bubble head o'Brien don't know forget about her
and of course so what's his name anderson's pooper though you that they're all whipped up to a
frenzy about you know john robberts was on their last night actually watching a few minutes for
the interesting i figured what was all about those pretty interesting stuff john robberts there's
a guy that it used to hell of a lot more like a real news guy is opposed to silly ass a rookie
tiki sages and anderson's pooper people like that that they're all whipped up into a frenzy but
oh he's the hottest thing they even like old erad brown go which of course wasn't all bad
you know with that bad red hair piece because john said that he even even uh what's his name then
uh they've been boring don't have a hair piece that bad there's that muskrat that erad brown was
wearing that red uh what would it be vera thing he had in his head now what you said uh dry
no that's that's not you said something about uh Dave van boring had a piece
a bad piece now you know it's now he's backtracking he must he must be go to san andtonio with
the marlins and does not tell us about it here i'm going to bat for you trying to get you like uh
big raise get you some serious money and you're like to get him ready to pack your bags and go
to san andtonio no trust me i a rushing girlfriend i'm not doing that because i was expecting the big
raise that's not here oh some of the reason can't afford to go there yeah well that's oh listen
greyhound bus real cheap i'll buy the ticket and this the international especially if you
called me what a fat wolf baggy yesterday and to show that was pretty a little over the top i
thought and this the international center released report today claiming the cia used private
aircraft operators and front companies the high cia rendition flights and black site
then take out detention facilities in foreign countries report also details dozens of destinations
around the world this is from raw story by the way what a great website yes it is dozens of
destinations around the world where planes associated with rendition out that's your love
that word rendition oh yeah i didn't like the optimism there that's their rendition and addition
and report list of private airlines with permission to land a u.s military bases worldwide
titled below the below the radar secret flights to torture and disappearance
amnesty will reveal how the cia exploited aviation practices to hide behind the identity of
private plane operators and circumvent authorities countries that allow cia planes across the
air space and use their reports often set the convention on international civil aviation known
as the Chicago convention these states claim that they don't have the authority to question the
reasons for the flight because there's a clause in the convention that allows private non-commercial
flights to fly over a country or make technical stops there without prioritization and notification
according to cia cago convention states don't have the authority to question the reasons for
the private non-commercial flights flying over a country or make technical stops there amnesty claims
the u.s may have transferred hundreds of individuals for the purposes of interrogation by nations with
dubious human rights records they're further said to claim that rendition is part of a labor
clandestine detention regime that includes the use of black sites and disappearances as well as
torture and inhuman treatment they're prepared to accompany the report with a call for
participating companies to cease cooperation in the program i'll keep my eye i'll keep one i feel
like a potato i'll keep an i-peel on raw story for there they're for they're going to be a follow-up
ready for that or keep your eye peeled i'll peel it 12 1340 so i told you it would make 1319
yes you did Josh is saying we don't even have that many listeners anymore since you're
reading all this crap on here yeah we're just going to go to all calls train some real good now
train some real good talent out there in the audience look he let him use the show as a way to
like build a new career look it like Dan LaBastio there he used to be in there in that other studio
remember we'd be on here try to do a show and all of a sudden we'd hear him because they'd be
opening up the pot and you were smoking it or something like that remember that that's sure to
that was pathetic and of course we booted his ass out of there and then he ran across the street
with his boyfriend just two gods and of course old the booster whoa oh my god what what is that man
thinking about what is that child thinking about the booster well you know when you have when you
have orange here i guess it's it's a tough burden to carry throughout your life you know what I'm
saying who the ginger oh no ginger don't start with that ginger stuff again you know who'll be
right he'll be back in a heartbeat what the hell is that thing i know it's in here somewhere
oh yeah it'll by the way i have a safe crypt of Toronto ginger be safe be safe
and you'd be safe to up there in the airport here and there waiting for you like poison
that's your buddy there a towel you gobble of a no stick or whatever you are all day
I'll tell you a gobble of a no stick no well that's what low-hard David that was one of the
nice things he said about that what are the real most say about it said i'm stupid oh that's
right that was the very first time I ever I remember that thing he stood right there on the other
side and said here's a problem with George yeah he's stupid oh stupid but he did the right thing
he did the right thing on me you'll be amused to know that when Joe Bell called yesterday to a
clock he stood out by saying congratulations on the trains and by the way of decided to terminate
George Rodriguez he was doing his Greg Reed and that I just I was prepared for that and wasn't
you gonna move for us yeah I like that was like kid or what I was speaking acute there's uh oh he's
in your your boyfriend just in very weird just under again who Justin they got that everybody
ways he was performing but he thought they were watching yeah taking notes for artistic
memory just because you're squat wouldn't you like to get away sometimes you want to go where everybody
knows you're gay I hear that key west is okay you want to be down on him he's your sound
and go make you want to go where everybody knows you're gay you're fairing
being gay in the world today I think is really nuts your lifestyle makes you smile you like big
but don't you hear those car keys and welcome sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're
gay I think that loves being so great I keep on the list right by your hits from a girlfriend seems okay
you want to go where everybody knows you're gay you would have been for your best friend but I say
not as can you when I go where everybody knows you're gay what are you gonna do about it you're fairing
here's a fact from when who says one of our regular faxes for a long time I'm sure you don't
remember but I fast you by dream fields over here going oh I don't win I might still be alive if I
would have a paid attention your facts it says I make macaroni and cheese with the elbows at least once
a week I usually use raggoo's double cheddar cheese sauce or a bottled alfredo sauce I also add
a little smoky's or a couple of cut up Nathan's or subred hot dogs oh when is a sickle like me I do
the same slice an up hot dogs in your sauce what's wrong with that bokeh burgers are not high in carbs
and know you're right they have four grams of carbs and three grams of fiber so they only have one
net carb you're right yeah I a bit my tongue after I said that they're not now a little bit more
on this story just in very you know you you should have heard the discussion the dialogue back
important between these news anchors on CNN a minute ago yeah but just look at him look at him he's
so normal and such a good student straight a little bit straight he's not straight a
the following is an account given in the york times in port or court I can walled by just in
very and reflects his version of the story in an interview with I can walled very stated that age
thirteen he began receiving offers of gifts from adults and exchange for disrobing on his webcam
so you know let your kids get a webcam okay that's a good start he was first offered 50 bucks for
removing a shirt I figured if I took off my shirt of the pool for nothing I was kind of like well
what's the difference I'll take the money after that he said if I wish list an amazon.com and
received items from the list in exchange for webcam performances would you listen to this please
let's try request for very to perform on camera gradually became more explicit the request of
viewers progressing from full nudity to masturbation performances were hosted on various website
just and I'm not reading it hosted by an adult acquaintance and an arbor michigan several of various
subscribers also bought him more advanced web cams and upgrades by his amazon.com wish list
to improve the video quality they wanted to see it up close and personal in response to offensive
messages from a customer various doubts as news so I called the audio with a flat per month fee
and separate rates for private performances a subscriber whose name I'm not going to read
sent money as supposedly been thousands of dollars to meet him in Las Vegas while in Las Vegas
he initiated a social contact with Barry and later arranged to pay the rent on the apartment
used for further webcam performances by early 2003 his online affiliations began to interfere
with his offline life including the dissemination of his hometown and school of images from his
performances do you imagine that no you're going to school and the kids are saying okay we saw you
online performing no due to the stress of events in his hometown very moved to my set line
Mexico to stay with his estranged father a strange father would you listen to this his father
became aware of the source of very funds and they collaborated on a new site called yadi yadi.com
they collaborate on a new site performance on that site included very heavy sex with prostitutes
it had a standard rate of $35 a month with this count for purchase of three six or 12 month
membership this is a strange father uh-huh at the time he was regularly using marijuana and cocaine
habits supported by that website his father assisted in obtaining prostitutes for
performances and shared in the profits in the fall and echoes on an online
shortly after Barry turned 18 he was contact anonymously online asked to attend a face-to-face
meeting in LA despite concerns the contact might be law enforcement officer very to agree to
the meeting at which the person who would contact himself as New York Times reporter Kurt Ikanwold
Ikanwold requests a demonstration of the workings of his online business would provide
including live conversation with subscribers Ikanwold persuaded very to discontinue the business
and he evolved information on it and uh- other miners uh- involved the prosecutors in exchange
for immunity from prosecution for the felonies he committed yadi yadi.
Ikanwold and of course they got him baptized in the church so so he's getting rid of a one
way of being used and abused and now he's got himself in another one.
No is he Catholic? Well he was baptized I don't think so some hornigan who knows?
I was gonna say he could you know keep making money if he heard the Catholic world.
Well those altru boys get a lot of tips what I heard uh-huh
get the sample the wine yeah in the way they're bigger up freeze our big on tips
5670560 who the hell is kiddin who and pond five sixty I still say I mean is anybody really
that naive when they're like 14 15 years old is anybody really that stupid?
No no no yeah 50 bucks to take off your shirt online and then like maybe 75 to do a little
more hanky spanky and then maybe a hundred oh come on well maybe he's just a little slow
sure obviously had a good upbringing without a strange father yeah just an apprising
businessman in Mexico another reason to keep the Mexicans out five six seven oh five sixty
pond five sixty in the horizon singular wireless line somebody Q a m hello
somebody Q a m hello yeah I'm good meal yes sir hey babe what's up?
quick things um I was watching the adopt father last night again you know for a million times
and reminding me of the um the bush families basically the calling home family on steroids
second thing is I saw Katie Holmes the movie called the couple we just told you saw what
Katie Holmes she spoke to you in the movie called it yes and she looks really good
well if you're a few time cruising we're gonna see your nude yeah she looks good though
and the third thing is that why don't we have a poll or what country has the best looking woman
peace and one love been there done that okay yes we did
five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty in the horizon singular wireless line I hear
it's Mexico is what I'm hearing yeah from who not WQ a m hello
good meal yes sir hey God talking about the Marlins for a second
yeah time's up I'm listening
well but first you know there's the priest on all that yeah okay
okay that was pretty sure it was and it was 70 Q a m hello hi Neil he was wondering how long
it would take before the boy yes sir why is it the government keeps telling us that we can
afford shooting wars in Iraq and Afghanistan but we can't afford to put troops on the border
with Mexico once there's not even going to be any shooting call up the White House and ask him okay
let me know what they tell you five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty under the
horizon singular wireless line we've had a silent invasion there it's been going on for years
and years and years they find the tunnels that they've got very sophisticated tunnels coming right
in through to the old USA and all they just wrap right up by all the grave robbers out there
want the real cheap labor for maids and the companies that want a high real cheap labor and yada
and that's it to go on for years and they just can't do none about it you know of course he's
down there with his buddy Vicente Fox another cook down there in Mexico run it look at all the
crooks look at that Vladimir Puntang in Russia look at our good buddy Mochera if I shot the
Mochera over there in Pakistan look at that Hamid Harzai from the Unicall the border directors
just one and of course not to mention the biggest crooks in the world night is the bush
by the bushes a bunk by buddies and that's a bandar bush the royal family or the royal family
excuse me much a royal ahold if he asked me with a really bad outfits who do you think with
all the money they got they could be you talk about my bad outfits good god yeah you look like a
snappy dresser expensive linens are they really really sad by the way thank you for those
low gas prices again mr. president you're doing it you and bandar bush and a bit of a lot of
the way keep in mind the bushes end up in lot of the keep in mind that meaning of the Carl
Isle group on the morning of 9-11 just keep that in the back of your mind somebody QAM hello
with a meal yes sir we got something to move forward to yeah I was reading a line and uh
Michael Moore is going to relieve 9-11 far behind 9-11 and a half really yeah we're gonna come out
in 2007 excellent I thought that he was gonna have in that farm that pharmaceutical movie was coming
out I guess that's this year I get yeah I guess so but he's coming out with that nine and a half
I mean 9-11 and a half excellent okay thanks pali okay five six seven oh five 60
pound five sixty under Verizon singular wireless line I got a huge pile here but I'm enjoying
to call so much I'm enjoying that button so much what are you talking about again during the
misce of it and also keep in mind said om could face upwards of 12 trials on the process well
good by the time they get done with it would be a hundred years old and life on up his sleeve
I wonder if he's getting fed well 1346 votes what's your take on illegal illegal immigrants illegal
that I mean you understand the word illegal deport all the legal is now 484 36 percent only
deport cubans 318 you nasty rotten uh intolerant too many already here grant them amnesty 218 just
you know just give up basically is what I was too many already I sneaked in so just give up build
a wall in the Mexico US border 158 it would be great and maybe uh just in uh a strange father can
invite you into watch some goodies I hate this pull a hundred or maybe some baddies only let in
Cubans 43 especially if they're hot to try and got a fine sense of humor and a recipe or as
people who hire them 25 now we're talking these Neil Rogers this is 5.69 am
forced all radio is dead so starting this Monday 5.60 WQAM is proud to present the
show Monday through Friday 6.10 am only on 5.60 WQAM
back in the day when someone done us wrong we didn't take their ground in Pearl Harbor or when the
Jans dropped their bombs we found them bad now the Saudis they hit us hard and on our cars our
little flags wave as that's all you love and retard points of bombers the wrong way
and other barrows to be in America where they found no goals like cheese the United States of
America's and by George Henness and the Green Bay Baptist country and the lake towards the
largest days and I used to be I don't want to be a Pax America in the USA
what's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past if you want that as you
need to drive you're gonna need more gas if so you're right just contrary it's a world they train us
to believe and anyone who says that obviously enter for to be
and thousand barrows to be in America where we take three of them please wave a flag in what has
with our head in the sand it's lightly followed the powers that we have attest to
and all the other
133.2 and then we got Geltie at two o'clock to seven noon got no panthers today but tomorrow
night I love that promo at 735 the cover switches to am 1360 the panther tragic game biggest game of
the season tomorrow night any interest no and that's why we're switching over because we got the
marlins on there with Dave and boring in his bad hair piece and roxy foxy she can either hear a little
squeak on uh five sixty or a little squeak on 1460 the big squeak who's squeak here a judge
Geltie or a roxy definitely guilty yeah see answer that question
Geltie included nothing for him a reconstruction contract for the building of 142
primary health care centers across the rack is right out of money after two years and roughly
two to a million dollars with no more than 20 clinics not expected to be completed the U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers be sent then we're gonna build 142 and maybe maybe 20 now not too good huh
the contract awarded U.S. construction giants Parsons Inc in the flush early days of reconstruction
their rack was expected to lay the foundation of a modern health care system for the country
putting quality medical care within reach of all the rackies was supposed to but
Parsons accordingly core will walk away from more than 120 clinics then on average our two
thirds finished auditor say the project serves as a warning for the U.S. to reconstruct
efforts due to be completed this year just speaking of flush just flushing your money down the toilet
a New York City movie theater is pulled the trailer for united 93 which chronicles in real time the
hijacks united airlines flight the crash to western Pennsylvania on September 11 the AMC
lowers Lincoln square 12 theater Manhattan said a made the decision after viewers completely
found it to upsetting oh you better not watch loose change part two there on our website it'll be
too upsetting or Pentagon strike too upsetting I don't think people are ready for this theater
manager Kevin Ajahota said one lady was crying he told news makes you was saying we shouldn't have
played the trailer that was wrong nice trailer by the way universal studios now they mean while so
I guess who was in a movie I saw the other day what that was that movie oh my god he was a surfboarder
surf a I as skateboarder are you there yeah I'm trying to think of the guy's name
a sea more her she's a little her she's able her which they shaved that fuzz off his
chest in this movie too anyway uh Adam Fogelson he still looked yeah Adam Fogelson universal
president marketing said the tailor would be shown only before our rated movies or grown up PG
13 was well this was an old lady who was crying she's just not grown up yet she's an emotional
cripple the film isn't sanitized your softness and honest and real look at the events of flight 93
Fogelson told the New York Times today if I sanitize the trailer beyond what's there my I'm
I'm suggesting the experience will be less real than what the movie itself is we as a company
feel comfortable it's responsible in fairway to show us coming and you know I don't know about
people when I buy a DVD I don't want to see previews of other movies you does that upset you
yes and though I don't want I don't want I got bigger issues I don't I'm not saying it's the
most important thing but I'm spending money to watch a movie I don't want to see trailers from
movies that I have no interest in I don't want to United 93 scheduled make its world premiere on
the Tribeca Film Festival's opening night the festival which is created to help lure Manhattan
recovery economically from the attacks begins April 25 runs through May 7 the trailer begins with
images of pastures boarding the plane on a sunny morning and builds the way disturbing scene that
includes actual news video of a plane about to one of the world trade center towers that every turns
in sci-fi 93 is terrorists begin hijacking it and a past year calls his family to tell them the
impending disaster and miraculously that cell phone call from 42 thousand feet in the air goes
right through the flight 93 national memorial will receive part of the box office revenue from the
movie the families of flight 93 have said the universal pictures will donate 10 percent the first
three days grosses to the memorial the plane crashed in the field allegedly near Shanksville
Pennsylvania as passengers tried to take control of the cockpit it was on move from Newark to San Francisco
a made for TV film about to hijacking flight 93 grew almost six million viewers went aired on
a in January making it the network's most watched program ever to discover each channel also
reenact the events in the documentary to fight that fought back the flight that fought back trailers
being shown on about three thousand screens across the USA and he shows some really good seven
night course they also show uh dog the bounty hunter yeah are you probably like that show though
i've seen it a couple times you like that it's a no matter repo guy it's a bounty hunter but that
oh very very similar mutiny on the bounty different event at the end is rosy in there she squeezed
the bounty squeeze it in hard i mean it puts a real crap under recruiting nowadays that's so
finally off i hope the goddies oh please tell me yes i have no idea oh please they show some real
sleaze and crap on her a and e they'll show some really good stuff a lot of bill Curtis still sends
me right to the bowl i'm medic injustice he's so so melodramatic he's good but he just over the top
you know i'm not i'm not big on over the top i don't need so melodramatic it just shocks me like
a state of nausea 13169 votes i told you to make 1400 day boys been a long time since we got
1400 votes on any poll during the show and you want to know why it's about illegals man illegal aliens
alienito w.a.m. alien line hello
w.a.m. hello that's your accountant yes sir q.a.m.
q.a.m. speaking speaking
you know what are you about the legal aliens right what about five years from now when all
their relatives come over because they're going to be included as well right that's right how about
mama mama cita and papasita oh 12 million now week close how many five years ago no
nothing yet the abuela's too about to come over and check those babies out take a take a look
take a little squeeze the growing more the growing more than just produce there instead of california
take a that in addition which of course the mexicans being good Catholics that they are we
produce like rabbits just because the Pope wants them to so keep that in mind not good
nice good 21 till 2 a.m. botanical this thing is flown by here today you know i don't know about
you but man we're where the hell did the time go out of the late probably all this fantastic call
and keep going is hearing on in well speaking of fat can i do before the break just one more fat
thing by the way try doing a hell of a job brownie heck of a job late brownie
he is just he's the main of my the milkbone of my existence he's just killing me although he
did a fine job get me that uh log this morning in the cockpit of what they were told there with
screw in and facts and uh other things begin with the uh effletter hundreds of thousands of obesi
west children cannot fit into the car seats you see this yeah leading them at risk in the event of
a crash researchers are saying now as the number of obi's children in the west increases
its essential to about child safety seats that can protect children all sizes and shapes
wrote study out their lera trifletti at bahawa state according to the study about my go uh nice
going gators i probably say that nothing i care or watch the moment of it did you watch a judge
the gators uh i watched the first half but it was a blowout so yeah was it low it good whatever
happened to you see how the lane it's going on with them it used to be ask hikers now they just
took it up the old nose according to the study published in the journal pn for pd anthics more
than 282 thousand over weight children under the age of seven don't fit into most child safety or
booster seats available on their prockee baby so instead of getting those kids to lose some way we
and i have bigger seats okay bigger and bigger you're gonna have to buy like a limousine
yes study i didn't find only four types of car seats that some obi's toddlers could use each cost
at least 240 bucks and which how the obesity concentrated low-income families many might be
deterred by such prices too much macaroni and cheese too much and amushi beans you're gonna get
the macaroni get that whatever that is beanfield according to win well i wish i would have uh
paid attention to him of course i didn't know where to get it back then when he faxed me right
and i said when he gave me the website i'm sure i would have logged right on there and bought a whole
bunch i'm i'm thinking to make in some for lunch today because you got me so whipped up on it now
that we're getting all these now that we're going to make in this big bananza from even
loves read and can't believe all these kickback things to make use with alpo 19 till till two which is
made from dead uh... animals from disease oh well i hope you all the name dry concepts the best
carpet cleaning company in the universe i've been using them for 21 years in my home including
just a couple of weeks ago and like always they do a phenomenal job no matter how desperate those
carpets may look with dogs and kids and whatever they make your carpets look just like he had brand new
laid so before you go out and spend thousands of dollars to replace your carpeting call our
good friends to dry concepts you understand why i've been raving about him for so long they'll
bring your carpets back to life leaving them a vibrant color soft to the touch and stain free
and looking just like brand new like i said dry concepts the only company i've been trusted all
these years the only one you should trust to and don't forget they also do other great things for
you like great-great cleaning a post-recleaning deep cleaning of those expensive leather furniture
and lots lots more to and of course say goodbye to those dust mites too because they do uh... mattress
cleaning as well don't forget they give you written guaranteed price up for a day show up on time
and they always give you professional service as well unbeatable service from dry concepts
carpet cleaning water damage restoration pet order treatments macros cleaning and more
call the best trust the best dry concepts column tool free and they'd rather than Palm Beach is
telling the choice drafford old number twenty three totally to call they will pee in their pants
they'll be on the floor one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one that's one eight hundred
two four eight five oh seven one or check them out on the uh... online at dry concepts dot com
this is new Rogers this is five sixty two eight
what's up
fun so you're so big where is Natalie kidnapped brown murder tonight is the very first time you're
hearing an in-depth account from the main suspect you're on vandars lost you with the last
person to be with Natalie and yes doesn't put you in a good position maybe it only time
to go to the police and tell them exactly what happened are you ready to tell the truth
yeah something happened to her did you harm Natalie Holloway yes a lot did you kill Natalie Holloway
yes i did it
Natalie is gone why would you do that um let's actually predator and uh
uh...
when brine time continues do you remember the last time you saw her
yeah the last time i saw her she was swimming with trucks next
does niggas exemption offer being an a-hole while Dutch BW uh... the uh... however that goes
that they said of course as far as she's concerned just like lukega
lukega brush is loose with the fish that's where she is but don't tell that to uh... uh... what's
your name really caused me because what else you're gonna talk about
i don't know
man that that's just gotta be uh... it's gotta be for yorks it has to be
i mean what are the uh... peacock executive thinking what i wonder what they're
watching that if they are
i think she she sounds like she's got like like
her like her vocal cords are in a vice you know you heard my balls in a
vice he's got her chords in a vice if she were attractive i'd suspect something
but she's not so she is as me as as they come man you got a schnaz uh... oh
built for radio 148 at five sixty wq amp not a single doctor in south Dakota will
perform an abortion which is why dr. murion mccree who looks like a guy
has come out of retirement once you twice a month these 70-year-old grandma who
looks more like grandpa it looks like uh... al-luis
takes a forty five-minute flight from anyapolis minister so that of course that's uh... that's
that very northern and tier thing uh... strange people to suit falls south Dakota
perform abortions at the last time in the state willing to offer the procedure
twice a month he's got a fly there i want every child that's born to be born into a
family that wants a child i don't want children to be born into family where
they're not one can't be cared for carefully that's the tragedy she said
she is one people make an unwanted babies George
south Dakota's the focal point of the nation's debate over a board
hope for abortion back by a strong crowd we know about that christian movement
that's what it's a they got a christian movement i think i had one of those in the
bowl this morning smell like a christian movement
man
god maybe i can be baptized maybe i was baptized in the chariot nobody told me
about it that could be what religion speaking of all whatever one any and
the muslims don't do baptizing the juicer we don't say it's got to be the goiom
does anybody else do the baptizing
but it's not that no i don't know i wouldn't
uh... but uh... yet maybe the science i think they like uh... they like uh...
shower naked together the guys anyway right time you you fairy
the u.s capital police yesterday submitted that this this to me this is what
i mean talk about a rafael thing this is disgusting
and of course miss fudge he just have nervous breakdown about this
uh... i like uh... oh man just unbelievable
the u.s capital police yesterday submitted their case against representative
sent him a kidney to the u.s attorney's office which i'll consider whether
the georgia congresswoman will face charges for tangling with the law enforcement
officer last week
we're working with the capital police to fully understand and appreciate the
principal assistant u.s attorney channing Phillips told the ap
sending the ongoing investigation to climb to say whether the referral include
a recommended charge against the six-term democrat or want to warrant for a
rest might be issued
mccandy spokesman caused carst technology investigation
were aware that the wheels are turning in washington carcin said we have no
control over what they decide to do will make the appropriate statement and take
the appropriate action once uh... we know what they're where they're going
for her part mccandy said she expressed the representor suburban and i
visited for many years rastasher i'm doing the work they send me to washington
nothing is going to keep me away from our responsibility to the crowd supporters
in Atlanta on yesterday
and by the way the surveillance tape that they got there it doesn't show the
the confrontation with the police to go in there but doesn't show any altercations
are a thought on the tape so it's his word against her word she was on yesterday
and she was a p.o. and rightfully so good
you go sentia screwed at the stupid best she said it's like only fourteen black
congresswoman here and they like she can they can't recognize her
like what's the problem and she's got a pretty interesting dude too so you know
she'd be somebody would like stick in your mind you know
that's uh... racist america for him and for racist bastard just look at this
poll here only deport cubans three hundred and thirty
i mean what what kind of notion is that just because of those old green tooth
cubans piss you off and a lot of things to aggravate everybody why take it
out of all the cubans including the hot weather ones that are hot to try
right
yeah whatever you say
well what i'm doing whatever i say what's wrong with that
and i don't know any cubans who aren't hot to trot some of the little bit too
much when you come right down to it
especially the old ones oh my god
christian right starts to lose faith in the gop well i mean i see where they go
in maybe they just go home would that be good
go away
like at the end of the fcc song here just
well go away
in the political culture wars religious conservatives say they've been
elected candidates but not getting the results they want
and leaders were they might be about to lose christian conservatives is a
potent political force because of on that expectations out of host of issues
and stumbles by a republican administration helped to elect
they helped to fix two elections conservative values voters have been
crucial to republican success with religious leaders driving huge voter turn
out in recent elections if they lack enthusiasm this fall experts say the
geopie could lose control of congress oh right the nation isn't focused
today in a way it was on such issues as abortion
marriage the issue of the family said the reverend laureates white of heustin
for us it's not the economy stupid it's the morality stupid
right we need good moral folks like the bush family
the reverend rich scarbo at east Texas evangelist whose group vision
america sponsored a two-day conference aimed to get increased in activist
involved in the 2006 elections since he hopes to mobilize groups
representing 20 million people to motivate them he offers a list of 10
grievances in a program to register voters and press candidates to pass
specific legislation or tied up talk we want action he said action
i'd like that they're tied up all the small talk they want action they want to
see at least a bunch of dead fags if nothing else
right i need some action that's what he said it occurs to us that no matter
who's in the white house or who says what we want to hear nothing ever changes
oh it's changing all right a lot of people change in their underwear every five
minutes waiting to get sent off for a nice quick shower
it's a gas in fact i understand it when you when you buy bearers aspirin
so you just leave it like a free pass for a little gas
154 is that what we're doing remember that promo that Tommy had for the gas
actually i hope to kind of a different sound at raspberry
it was a raspberry and he's still he's still there well thank god Tommy didn't get
asked you know
text what a question 1392 man yet a hundred to that you got Christopher Columbus
if only Christopher could have known what he was getting us into you know Columbus
1393 we need seven votes in the next six minutes to get to 1400 and there'll be a real
feather in our crap wouldn't it be something oh god like those feathers they used to wear
they used to wear feathers in their caps they're silly Frenchmen you know and those
the only ones who else wore feathers in their caps you name them they were Indians
the engines the English there was that both in arrows just didn't cut it
154 a qm bringing out being outdoors in south Florida a lot you really need comfortable shoes
so the only place to go to take really good care of your tutsies is brandy shoes and pompano
beach brandy scaries major brands like florish i'm echo mafist or rockport hush puppies
new balance lots of other name brands all sizes for men and women and they even carry
wide wits and hard to find sizes brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all
south Florida and when you see the selection and value you get a brandy you understand why i
rave about them and have been for years go see our good friend Arnie at brandy's he'll make
sure he gets the right to be an issue fitting shoes for your feet right off fitting shoes
see i'm doing the Italian now because that guy's going to compania at the right price right
a price brandy's isn't like an apartment store where you have to wait a long time to get serviced
and finally when somebody waits on you they say oh you like these over here sorry i don't have
those near size get out of here the only thing they do with brandy's is shoes so you never
have to worry about size selection service or price they're unbeatable brandy shoes at 1290
north federal highway and pompano beach between Atlantic and Copeland on the east side
can't miss it brandy's open every day Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5
and this week is a great time to buy essay issues at brandy say 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all
great men's and women's essay styles this week at brandy's or you can shop on their website if
you like at brandy shoes.com this is Neil Rogers this is 5.69 AF
we need again if we don't wind up dead from the bush far chill then left us all between
we go then to lines are cold the ones are too
like the bombs drop from the stars from far away maybe we should have paid attention a little
bit more to the facts we chose to ignore surprise the gals are too long but i'm afraid that
the line won't be very long really again with our hope that by the
civil rights will be restored on sunny day
you
feel
with the
civil rights will be restored on sunny day
oops child obesity is a national epidemic but how can you teach your kids healthy eating habits
it's easy with low-carb Mr. Potato Head
oh low-carb Mr. Potato Head ears are made out of faces and his feet are made out of
lambsons yes all the parts of low-carb Mr. Potato Head are made from all the healthy food
your kids should eat what an eye is made from steak or a mouth made from pork loin
do we get the eats of potatoes no kids that is cars that's why you should never eat vegetables
or fruit or bread or dairy products if you want your kids to grow up healthy don't get them toys
like bicycles or basketball find them low-carb Mr. Potato Head for the makers of little price
antial blessed kids see i was just blown away by the fact we had 14 ever three votes bye bye bye
when it comes to sports
fruity thousand
