I'm going to be cold here.
Here's the go.
I'm going to repeat it.
I said it on the ear and I'll say it again.
The sales department runs WDQAM then followed by the engineering department and programming
way down in the bottom.
We're the bottom feeders.
Although it looks like you and I have been feeding pretty good, but nevertheless, I
got to tell you a Wayne Gretzky story before I forget.
OK.
So I'm sure you don't know who Bill Water is.
He's the former General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you know most people don't
care about that, but the Gretzky thing.
So they have a show called Leafs TV for two hours of it.
They're the Samo Cast on the fan radio and also on the, uh, or Mojo radio and on the
Leafs TV.
So anyway, yesterday I caught a little bit of it.
He's telling the story about a personal friend of his and Bill Water's knows everybody
in hockey who was having dinner with Wayne and his wife one night some months ago.
And after dinner, they went to Wayne's house and they turned on and were watching a college
basketball game.
And I guess it turned out to be real off-sighted when and one side and Wayne says to his wife,
he says, see how he told you.
We should have had a hundred on this game and he wasn't talking about a hundred dollars.
I don't believe that.
I got news for Bill Water's is a big Wayne Gretzky suck up.
He would never make up a story like a hundred thousand dollars on basketball game.
This, keep in mind, she bet five grand on the coin toss at the Super Bowl.
I know, but the Super Bowl everybody over does.
But a basketball college basketball tent game.
You couldn't, you couldn't, you couldn't, you couldn't, you couldn't, you couldn't
If you had the right connections, you couldn't.
No, you couldn't.
Okay.
Hey, hey, how's those connections?
What are you talking about?
That's correct.
You can't.
He's connections.
No, but there's no place you could bet a hundred thousand on a basketball.
Okay.
So, that story.
And just, what is most amated up and in the meantime, he's doing everything he can to
side with Wayne.
That's why with somebody, why would somebody make up something like that?
That would be pretty slanderous if it weren't true.
Yeah, people in Ballystuff.
Okay.
So, maybe it was a 10.
Maybe it was 10.
Mm-hmm.
I would believe 10.
And anyway, it's still a betting on sports, okay, which is he lies to a teeth.
This thing's going to blow up in his face, something like brutal.
And maybe that's not really all.
Certainly has been a distraction.
Well, who cares about the only one seven to two today?
Yeah, who cares?
Boring.
But all these people are looking at all these.
I wouldn't watch it.
I wouldn't pay any attention.
Like I said yesterday, the National Hockey League is the only professional sports league
that allows its athletes to participate.
What is supposed to be amateur sports and risk their health and again, some
their nose into fans and shut the league down for two weeks after missing a whole season.
And then basically say, well, if your favorite player's good engine, we missed the
playoffs, so we have a lousy season to think in fact, because we're more concerned about
Canada's ego.
That's what the whole thing is all about is about Canada's ego.
Yeah, Nicole yesterday from somebody wanting to know why they don't play basketball in
the winter during the basketball season like hockey does because basketball won't break
up its season to do that.
Right.
Well, in addition to which, can you see the end?
Can you see?
I just can see that.
I can see the NBA going over there and playing in the winter Olympics.
Well, they playing the summer Olympics.
Yeah.
And is that right?
They make a fortune.
Well, that's sad.
You know what?
Whether it's right or not, the NBA, it's a cash cow for the NBA because of the merchandise
they sell from their Olympic team.
Well, to me, to me, it's a snub to the fans.
You don't see baseball doing it.
You don't see football doing it.
What's baseball going down, Neil?
Baseball's got this with these world games they're playing.
Yeah.
What's the point of that?
And they're going to play in the middle of spring training.
What happens if one of, if a pitcher throws his arm out and ran this game?
It's just not wrong.
It's just, it's stupid, but I think it's totally stupid.
Well, the fans can be it to them with the fans as the message.
That's what it's all about.
They expect people to go and pay through the nose to see mediocre garbage and watered
down crap and then they found their nose at him.
And they can't understand what they got.
They got these thousands of people disguised as empty seats.
So my little Hamilton has a book.
Don't get talked up about it.
No, my little Zary.
And he writes about Harry Carey in the book.
They hear each other.
He treated everyone the same way and sure he was a miserable human being.
They hated each other those too.
Well, there are a lot of people that said that that Harry was especially when he was
drinking which is most of the time miserable drunk.
But so who cares?
See, do we really have to know that?
Yeah.
I'm not going to put Mo in my book.
Mo.
You're comparing Mo with Harry Carey?
Is that what you're saying?
No, just I said I'm going to marry him.
Yeah, well I had Harry on the show one time.
I remember that.
He's bleachers in Chicago.
He was very nice to me.
I heard that.
He was very impressed that I remember him doing St. Louis, you Billiken's basketball and
big Harry Carey fan.
He was great.
He made me a rockups fan.
I don't care if he was the biggest bastard on the face.
He says, what do I care about that?
Not my business.
I don't care if he used to beat up his wife and his dog and whatever else that's his
business.
He was a great broadcaster.
He was one of a kind.
He was like the Howard Co-Sell of baseball.
He was tremendous.
Yes, he was.
And we got to find out from a Marsy.
I don't know why I said that.
I liked the Milo Hamilton just because he did it interview with me one time when I was
in West Palm on J&O.
Well, Milo had a good drug.
No, Milo's with.
Milo's with.
Milo's is giving me another beer.
Yeah.
Making waves 60 years at Milo's microphone.
That's the book.
I like Milo.
He's a good broadcaster.
But he couldn't like Harry's butt.
I would buy a book by Milo Hamilton.
Somebody just put a lot of time on their hands.
Somebody else to read it to them.
He was not a national guy.
Of course not.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
You ask anybody who's even a marginal baseball fan who Harry Kiri was and I can tell you
immediately and I'll probably tell you stories.
But ask him, hey, how about Milo Hamilton?
And I'll say, is that the guy that had the duel with Ella was Raymond Burr?
He gave him the last vice president to give him somebody.
Yeah, right.
He had a duel with Raymond Burr because Raymond was gay.
That's another story.
Don't you get most dirty on that?
I don't know.
I like that other shit.
I like your version.
That's my version of what?
Of the Milo Hamilton-Ramford duel.
Anyway, we got some real stuff going on inside this radio station.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you something.
The East is out sick today.
It was 65 in a studio yesterday.
And the engineers say that they can't fix this for some reason.
But they can't fix anything.
So what's about that?
Don't forget, they're right after the sales department running the show.
I just told Clarence a little while ago.
It told me some amazing stories, by the way, about some of the stuff that was going on under
Greg Reed's leadership.
But I mean, it would make the hearstand on your head and you know, have any.
But the face has changed, but the situation is still the same.
You want me to buy that?
Yes, nice to see Brian Smith's back today.
A real sales guy.
Welcome back, Brian.
He came in for a couple of minutes.
He's a real good guy and a good salesman, a real salesperson, which is nice to have won.
He ain't no Todd Dreck.
That's your assignment, by the way, between now and Friday is to kill Todd Dreck.
I'd be happy to.
Wayne and Wrenskian is wife.
I'll give you a hundred for it.
I'll take him out.
We'll go quail hunting together.
There you go.
Take him out with a VPs.
Which by the way, if this guy croaks, he's going to be a, um, yeah.
No, seriously.
That's funny.
You have any guy had a heart attack?
Right.
Well, how would you feel if somebody shot you in a face with a pellet gun?
Well, in my case, probably would notice the difference.
And this old guy too, it's not so much the face that's the problem.
It's the heart.
Yep.
The heart.
The guy has a heart attack.
And they also scum, we're telling a light about that for 12 hours.
I don't know how many hours, but they've been lying to their teeth and withholding information.
He knew about it.
He was whispered to him before he even started his press conference yesterday.
And he held that back.
And Cheney hasn't said anything yet.
No, and the Republicans are all whipped up into a frenzy about that.
He's not saying anything as he doesn't want to recriminate himself,
because if the guy does croak, he's going to wind up getting a...
Wait, what a lawsuit.
That'll be...
Not just lawsuit.
There could be criminal charges.
Man slaughter.
A trial.
Can you imagine that?
A trial for device president?
And I still say the public's all whipped up about this in immediate two,
and all these innocent people dying air every single day.
Three more school kids got killed and bagged that in six police today,
but nobody cares about that.
It's not to mention the 2250 American soldiers.
If all these geniuses on there, like Jay Leno,
and even John Stewart, and I'll end the letterman,
if they spent as much time screaming about the slaughtered innocent people over there,
is they are about this bird shoot thing.
Well, there's no humor in it.
Yeah, I see.
But there shouldn't be any humor in that either.
You don't believe that story about waiting 100 minutes?
I don't think it was 100 minutes.
No, that's what he said.
I don't even know what he was doing.
Where does he guys?
Where is he going to find somebody to take a $100,000 bet on a basket?
Rick Tuckett.
No, they wouldn't.
How do you know that?
I know.
I know a lot of people in that business.
Do you?
Yes.
For example, I talked to a couple of guys in Las Vegas during their week about
what they would do if somebody came in and bet $75,000 on a Super Bowl game.
Right.
And they would take it.
They would raise their eyebrows a little bit,
but the question was, you know, people are now raising a point.
Well, it leads to fixes and whatnot.
Well, if you wanted a bet more than that, you would have a lot of trouble laying it off.
But there are some customers, for example, Carl Icon,
could bet a million dollars on a game, on a Super Bowl game.
He will.
But nobody's ever going to bet that kind of money on a basketball game someplace they
would never take the bet.
No good bookmaker would ever put himself up.
Bill Waters, I'm going to tell him he's a liar.
You're going to tell him Hank said you're a liar.
He's full of it.
You can tell him I don't think so.
I'll bet you 100,000.
I'll tell you what, I bet you 500, I like that.
Okay, you're on.
There you go.
I bet you 20 million.
You know, the people, 20 numbers around, but you know, the people,
45 million of the beeslees money, okay?
One thing about bookies, they are not looking to lose money.
If somebody, you know, my uncle was a bookie, okay, Mugsy Solomon.
Soon I have to tell me about bookies.
I'm sure he was a 100,000 dollar bet.
I don't know.
I'm not back in those days.
I think Mugsy ever saw 100 grand in his life.
But he married a real big box of shicks, I'll tell you that.
About the third of his age.
That's nothing to hold against him.
He had a little bees problem.
No, she had plenty to hold against him.
That's why he married her.
Yeah.
Well on that note, I'm going to like, I've got a Todd Dreck voodoo doll.
I'm going to go into it.
I don't want to go into it on the air.
It would be just a very bad form, even for me.
He's the antichrist.
He's just impossible.
See, everything we do has to be for his benefit.
No matter how much we have to sell out, no matter how much, it always has to be for him.
I had an issue with another person yesterday who sold somebody a live spot in my show.
One live and one tape inside the show.
It doesn't work that way.
Right.
Well they just make it up as they go along.
Yeah.
They try to switch stuff by it.
And then there's stuff that shows up on the log that nobody ever heard of before.
Like, well, what's this?
Yeah.
Oh, look, let's not put the audience into a coma with all this stuff.
Because like I said, the face has changed but nothing else changes.
Copy?
What's that?
We can't even get them to put on a copy.
Who the hell are the salesperson?
Is that so-and-a-count?
You're pretty good at it.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
I can't get any more.
Absolutely!
Absolutely!
You'll be dropping.
You'll be dropping.
There is no such thing as privacy.
You'll be dropping.
You'll be dropping.
We'll come to see
We'll come to see
I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little we'll try and move on. ten. Ten. These. 5. 6. make. 10. buffet. 10. 5. 3. 5. for. 8. 10. Could you invite us? Ten. I try. 1. 9. 5. 10. 9.
God! The priest looked at him and said, that's right. Then he asked who is God, son. Once
more, Buffy poked her husband, Bill, with her needle. He screamed Jesus again, the priest
said correct. Finally the priest asked, what did he say to Adam when she didn't want
any more children? Well, Buffy poked her husband, Bill again, but this time he screamed,
poked me with that thing one more time and I'm going to rip it off. The priest said, that's
right. Paul Harley. Good day. 1018 at 560. He's getting better at that Paul Harley later,
you know what? So far, he's become mildly amusing. This is mildly amusing before I get into
any heavy duty stuff. Although I guess we got to do the bad news in Iraq first. What, why
don't you ever read any of that good news? All made bomb killed three boys on a way to
school that they impact at least eight other people including six policemen died in
car bombings and shootings across the Iraqi capital. It's a hell on earth is what it is
we created over there. Freedom's on the march. The bombing occurred in Central Baghdad's
bustling Fidel area. That's Fidel, not Fidel. Destroying a camera shot that's old black
market alcohol and damaging several other stories. The children at 12 year old and 214
year olds had just left their houses for a school when they were hit by the blood
there they did. There they did and the six police people dying every day innocent people.
But worry about that. They shoot them up there in Texas and so as a result the raw story
just reports this an article at MSNBC's website was edited to remove references to alcohol
that may have been available at a picnic which preceded the accidental shooting of that 78
year lawyer by Dick Cheney. Uh huh. That makes sense by the way. The change of the article
was quickly noticed by a number of liberal bloggers and there were many of whom have been
following this much discussed story very closely last few days and if they only would
be following the death in Iraq more closely we'd be a lot happier about that. In the article
credited to Arem Rossden and the NBC investigative unit Catherine Armstrong, member of the family
who owns the ranch, revealed new details about her lobbying for the Bush administration
and about circumstances surrounding the incident itself which wasn't reported to media
till the following morning. Armstrong was the one who reported the news to a local news
reporter and said she said that Cheney agreed with the decision. The following paragraph
was removed for unexplained reasons from the article sometime after was first published
on the internet. Armstrong also told NBC News that she does not believe alcohol was involved
in the accident. She says she believes no one that they was drinking. Although she says there
may have been beer available during a picnic once that preceded the incident there may have
been a beer to win there. She said but remember not everyone in the party was shooting or at least
not everybody was shooting straight. Jane Hanshire, the popular fire dog lake blog included the beer
quote in a posh hero while we're still on the web live. Then later noted an update the article
appeared to have been scrubbed or removed from the MSNBC website. Hanshire also linked to an
earlier posh hero in which a similar scrubbing occurred but at that time at the CBS News website.
Other blogs and websites that spotted the change include Democratic Underground,
thought crimes in the daily costs. Johnny Cougar who left a comment Democratic Underground
appears to have been the first blogger to catch the switch and also covered it in his blog.
Since Armstrong was interviewed by telephone there may be lingering questions as to why MSNBC
scrubbed the story. See what I'm saying they scrubbed the... I'm sure a lot of you get the impression
that the vice president had a popper to and then went out there with like the poppins and all the
truth because he was like little uh you know glirriye that would be bad. The special later on after
this guy croaks we have them criminal proceedings going on that would really be bad.
Speaking of criminal proceedings some of those things that clearance told us before the show
today boy there are people on death row for lesser crimes than he was telling us about you know I mean
what do you mean? Police bus driver tosses complaining rider into traffic.
This is a great story I'm so glad to see you. Somebody thanks to send or something.
Somebody emailed it to me. No well thank you. Take it down. A transit bus driver grabbed a woman
by the hair this is in Philadelphia. Grabbed her by the hair not creating a pull open the door
and tossed her ass into traffic after she yelled at him from missing her stop police said. You go boy
nice going. The 50th year old woman who was not identified suffered a broken shoulder.
Bus driver Mario Edney 53 was a rain Thursday and aggravated assault other charges.
Said officer Jillian Russell the police spoke somebody's being held in two thousand dollars bond.
For this story is from last week. Well I see it says Thursday February 9. What we found it anyway.
Well for ten. Edney said he had a skip to woman's stop once the morning because of a detour.
Transit officials intend to fire Edney who has been suspended without pay following hearing.
Well shame on them I think he did the right thing. He couldn't stop there anyway there was a detour
he wasn't going to break the law for this bitch and so he had a like turkey and so she started
bitching him out and he picked her ass up and tossed her out the window out the door whatever.
Are you like that? I like it. I like it. I like it. So that starts to wind and
complain much like Todd direct throw his ass out the window right now right now.
That's it. That's Brian Schmutz's first assignment on his way back into our sales department now
and he already knows about that. He's a big enough of a guy he could pick up Todd
direct with one finger. He has a big guy. In fact both campers coming back in there and the two of
them are going to pick up Todd and they're going to look like a body slam and he's going to be the
pivot man. They're going to do a little ass to ass. You better be fucked man. He's going to get
to the old squeeze. They're going to squeeze him like a two but two paste piece of
a direct. Also let's see don't we have to pull yourself in there or I throw that out.
I sure off I didn't do that. I throw it out. Oh no we can get it again if you want.
Well I got so much good stuff and then I got thrown when Hank's there to throw in a monkey wrench
in that whole deal about the bill water story about rescue and 100 grand. He doesn't believe it.
I believe it. I mean he may have been exaggerating the number. He may have been another
in the suit. I'm saying no. When he was saying that he may have been saying it to another
words maybe he was like you don't understand what I'm saying. I don't have that pull yourself
message. It's my more important thing. How are you going to get it? Here I got it. I have days
well get it for me please because in the midst of all this other stuff see I got out of my usual
routine here. So let's take a look while George is trying to make that up. What is the gayest
thing a so-called straight guy can do? We got 859 votes. We got another good shot of the thousand
of the day. The gayest thing a so-called straight guy can do. Kiss another guy 161. But
Europeans in the Shmata heads and just about over the world they'd be like it gets serious you know
while you guys are uptight. Well they are. Look at that ugly dog. Did you see that? Yeah they were
showing it all morning. Oh my god. And look at that ugly dog. I like the first one better.
Me too. At least he wasn't the right winger. He wasn't confedulating with the right
dog. What is that? I don't know. Ugly. The Westminster winner one of the ugliest creatures I've
ever seen. You know what a dog lover I am. Yeah. Erick. By the way put a feature in there for
our convenience. Yes. All you have to do is hit view previous on your little thing there. And
there you are. Like magic. Erick you are view the man. Man in fact that even have to print it out.
I'll just give it to you right now. That's right. Or what is the biggest type of all time? This man
is you know an unruly Josh keeps ripping him and asked. That's a bullterry of other way. Is that
what it is? I think I'd start to say that and then George interrupted me with his usual
I am. Interruption. Yeah. That's great. So anyway here's the pull from yesterday. The biggest
type of all time we had 1695. Oh see if I let it go a little bit longer we could have done 1700
then we got that bonus. The bonus of Josh gets and Erick gets for the bogus. Religion 505. Nobody
has a sterne 154. American Idol 124 Super Bowl 105. Y2K 102. The Segway 90. Elvis 54. Blue
Grapebroker. Broke. Broke. Grass Mountain. Broke your ass mountain 50. Low carb diets 39. How's
Dr. Bob doing? Madonna 37. Tom Cruise 36. Oh we got a Tom Cruise story today. Yeah. The
Olympus 35. The Beatles 29. Dr. Phil 21. Low fat diets 19. Dean Orner. Same person as Todd
Dreck. Kill them both. Oprah 18. Dr. 13. Michael Jackson 10. Mesh 9. David Letterman 8.
So in other words there's no half the Letterman show when he throws that pencil through the window
that's uh yeah. Hey listen these are it. All you punks out there I think David Letterman's funny.
He's a panic man. He's a laugh right. All those stupid pet tricks. I bet the dogs on his show
look better than I want to one of West Minister dogs show no doubt. You don't like anybody in the
other day. Yeah. Well there you go. I like a lot of people. I like the in fact even George
like that show the supernatural last night. I'm actually Joshua. I was a surprisingly adequate.
I'll show how I'm doing. Oh well I'll tell you the one good news is there were no scenes in
the show last night when they were like sleeping together in the same room. No good night brother.
Maybe daddy will call. Now they are brothers even though they were pretending to be cousins in that
episode last night. I thought they were brothers Sam and Dean. Right. Yeah. That's that's what you
uh you were telling me but last night like they were pretending to be cousins. Who cares if I'll
say the cop? Well then of course the whole show they're looking for daddy you know. Maybe they're
looking for a sugar daddy. Maybe you have to say my number. They're a part of your way. 27 past
10 to Q.A.M. I'll tell you one thing. Let's point everybody the way dry concepts. I've been using
them for a long long time. Almost a lifetime in my homes because they're the best in the business.
They make your carpets look just like brand new. We went ahead by two dogs and they were doing like
all kinds of nasty business all over the house. Dry concepts will come in here and you never even
know that we had any dogs. I encourage you right now to take advantage of dry concepts maintenance
contract. They provide you with a 10% discount on all the dry concept services including their one
of a kind carpet cleaning. Whether drapey or rental rug cleaning. They also specialize in pet odor
treatments, ceramic tile, grout cleaning, mattress cleaning, sacred bottle of those dust mice and
lots more as well. And during this month during February dry concepts have a special offer for
you on a poultry cleaning. Don't replace your furniture just because it's soiled. Dry concepts
rejuvenate your furniture at just a fraction of the cost of replacing or re-apholstering.
And all dry concept technicians are especially trained and certified to make a long story short.
They really know their crap and no rip off your scams because it dry concepts they always give you
a written guaranteed price upfront and professional service too. So don't be fooled or ripped off by
the imitators. You made a big investment in that decorating your home now time to protect it.
Call dry concepts today toll free and datebroward in the Palm beaches 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, dryconcepts.com. Don't forget this month February Special
at dry concepts of poultry cleaning. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-A-A-A.
First we introduce the Gillette Fock 3. Then the M3 Pound. And the latest Gillette Fusion.
And now providing you with the smoothest face possible. The researchers at Gillette
in association with fresh searches. The Gillette F-T.
Each morning just peel off yesterday's face. And with a Stanley face attachment accessories
simply staple your new smooth, stubble free face off.
Then face the world like you never before.
I fell, I just love your smooth face. And that droopy paralyzed lip is
foul. That's it.
Available at Cartesian, African-American, Asian, Hispanic and convenient multi-packed for guys who
really want to play the field. The Gillette F-T.
Realism is a best on land, ain't it?
You know we never even talked about that. They unfilled that big new semi-steready of 5
blades, Gillette at the Assypable.
We were talking about all the different razors that people use.
Yeah, what will they stop? And Josh is trying to convince himself that the more blades
it's got, the better a shave you get. That's ridiculous. I don't agree with that.
You were the one that was given the solid answer about that vibrating one.
Are you a shave your raccoon with?
That's what I use.
Well, okay, so a lot of guys would like to shave their raccoon with it. Maybe you can come
over and help them out. I don't know.
I have it sitting there. I will never use it again. I'll say that right now. I'm not going
to argue with you. Use whatever you like. I used to see that. That's why I am. I'm not going to
shave with something because somebody tells me that's what they like.
Well, I can't great.
Well, I can't you like disposable. That's right. I like what I like and you like what you like.
And believe me, there's a big disparity there. Trust me. Anyway, I'm going to be kicked by a
shabelet broken glass. There you go. Well, it's how you can afford it. That's right.
Actually, I'm going to that face transplant.
Are you?
Yeah.
I would do it. In fact, I understand that the water
Nazis thinking about checking that out.
Now, let me just say this before we... What was I just going to say? There's something
where you're all about the five blade deal I've come in out now. They do have out. What is it called?
I don't even know what it's called.
The Mox5.
I mean, it's just so pathetic. I said it's like Chef Boy RD. It's a sustained marketing concept.
Gillette knows Dan Well and so does chicken all the other ones. That if you put out like,
75 different products, which are basically the same with a little bit different variation,
you're going to sell a hell of a lot more crap. Just like Chef Boy RD. They basically take the same
moushy pasta and they have a wood meat balls and it shapes like stars and shapes like
ringadings and dingalings and all that stuff. Curly things.
Right. Similar crap, but you go to the store and there's like
Ravioli with cheese and Ravioli with beef and Raviolios and beefaronios and it's just the same
marketing. That's what the world is. The world is a business. That's what we're finding out
here at QA and make no mistake about it. The world is a business. It's all about MoNyY.
Just give us the F and money and everything else is secondary. It's called the Gillette Fusion 5.
Well, thank you so much. There's a lot of confusion about it.
Just give us the money, baby. Everybody listening to me right now. Send us a bag of money, okay?
Well, I'll take it one thing. I could read. He sure had some stuff going on in that place.
Anyway, so the book. I got the story about that dog and you know what a dog
ever I might say that again because I don't want to you know that's your name.
The Madison Square Garden crowd went wild for the Golden Retriever. Well, leave it to the
Madison Square Garden crowd. I've good taste. The Golden Retriever is the greatest dog ever.
A born. Anybody want to argue that with me? Well, guess what? To you, okay?
I love Golden Retrievers. And the Old English Sheep Dog. Now that's not for me.
The Old English Sheep Dog. No. In fact, quite honestly, that don't even look like a dog to me.
The Sheep Dog. What's it look like? The sheep? I'm a little sheepish about. Ask those guys up
there in the woods in Verass Mountain, Eltena. They spend a lot of time up there with the sheep.
But in the end, whoops. In the end, best in show with the Westminster Kennelbog show,
went to a breed that hasn't once since 1918, a colored bull terrier. Not just a bull terrier.
I think it's a racial thing. A colored bull terrier. His owner is Tom and Barbara Bishop of
Homedale, New Jersey, screamed, wept in all the collect in the stands. Oh, when the tall
dapper Canadian judge had figured silly, walked toward their dog, Rufus, varying the coveted purple
and gold ribbon, and so for trophy, and said, how's it going, eh? This is like having Lance
Armstrong for a son said, Tom, a 50-year-old chemical plant man and supervisor and a quarter-war jacket.
Well, I wonder if the dog is on drugs? Rufus, whose show name is CH Rocky Top Sundance Kid,
is the couch potato at home, a quorum of Barbara. In addition to golden retrieving the old English
sheep dog, Rufus beat out a rot-wilder, a Scottish deer-hound. I don't even know I have any idea what
that is. A Dalmatian and a pug. Oh, blah, blah, what an outstanding, not too many weed,
a dog's eye like an egg-roop, a pug. Well, you know how the artsy parched the crowd is. The
other year the better. I see. Well, I'm surprised the Afghan horn wasn't in her again,
which ended just before 11 o'clock last night. I used to have a friend in college from Detroit,
John from Detroit. He looked just like an Afghan horn with that ugly.
That's something. I'm just exactly like it. So anyway, the colored bull terrier wins the
that whole thing is in its accommodity show. They don't realize that everybody in the world
and these people take it very seriously. And they got the dog and the dogs are dragging them around
on a leash, you know. The dogs are trotting and these people are like trotting after them trying to
keep up so they'll fall under ass. Speaking of falling on their ass, new photos of Abu Gharri, I'm sorry,
new photos of Abu Gharri abuse surface images on Australian TV date from late 2003. Sydney,
Australia. And Australian television network broadcast photographs and video clips today that
said were previously on public images of the alleged abuse of Iraqi sell the US military
customer customer of the Abu Gharri prison. The images were taken at Abu Gharri in late 2003 at
about the same time as previously published photos of Iraqi prison abuse, the special broadcasting
services date line program report. That's the SBS to UA in Australia. SBS refused to give details
on the source of the photos and the authenticity of the images could not be verified independently,
as if, you know. The images shown by the SBS were consistent with earlier photos of abuse by
American soldiers, which triggered outrage in the Middle East and prompted US congressional
investigation and military trials for some soldiers involved. You'll see there ought to be a lot
more whipped up about these pictures than they are about those stupid ass cartoons. No one in the
images broadcast today could clearly be identified as US military personnel, men wearing prisoners
performing sex acts, SBS said the photographs of the dead bodies where people who had died at the prison.
Something missing, and I thought there, men wearing something. There's a percent in the
line missing. One clip broadcast by SBS showed a group of naked men with bags over their head standing
together masturbating. The network said the masturbation had been forced. Another video showed a man
repeatedly beating himself against a wall. A photograph showed a man with a deep cut on his neck,
another of the same answer under diamond dress and khaki shorts and pants with one man 20 at the
wound. SBS said the images among photos, the American civil liberties union was trying to obtain
from the US government under a freedom of information request. A US military court in September
upheld the request, the ruling covering scores of photos and several videotapes. The government
lawyer said it was considering an appeal and the images were not immediately released, but you
can see them all over the place. Oh I see this is the second page and I have a matter order.
Not wearing a... Where are you going? What? Stuff. Two twos. Not wearing my lead tarts. Fanny packed.
And of course this is the same network that showed us a couple of these pictures a little while
enough. The same network that pixelated out those Danish cartoons and then the alleged Danish
cartoons ones that were fabricated by the Schmitts derbers by the Ojjampravakadtermgoyam.
They still pixelating it out of the excuse being well they don't want to add to the insensitivity
and then flame. Yeah right. Much as spineless cars you're afraid of much of ragheads are going to
like he said on your studios there in Atlanta and just burn that baby in the ground which I say
alright you go for it. Schmattaheads CNN the evil doers of all time when the history of mankind
is written forget about Hitler forget about Stalin forget about Mussolini forget about all the
the evil forget about Paul Pot forget about George's Pot CNN will go down the history as the
most evil force just like Howard Beale said remember what he said about the the biggest GD
whatever he said so we can't even say that anymore force in the history of mankind even that
was to 72 or whatever was 76 trombones and it was right so that's why that movie is so important
in Josh just he doesn't care he wants to be entertained he doesn't care about the significance of
it he's not a political kind of guy he doesn't care about any of that stuff he just want just
entertain me that's all just amuse me and whatever as long as you understand that we'll get
all I just and watch me shave my back over that the moth snail or whatever the thing is okay
here's today's poll results so far but I do this I didn't I started what is the gayest thing a
so-called straight guy can do got sidetracked with that one from yesterday 912 votes we're going
to be damn close to a thousand by the top of the hour not there but close to it kiss another guy
172 we're a thong at the beach 124 or how about thinking a very manual a thong he writes the thongs
make it fraternity hazing 115 oh yeah just like this thing that that was read about now
always involve the same kind of words in the military whether it's in college fraternities
always these macho guys always involving a factory that's right the jots you got it guys
with navel or tongue piercing 53 wear short short shorts 49 real short shorts
wear a fanny pack whereas commonly known a bag bag 42 get a manicure or a pedicure 39 vote camper
listen to the erogier 37 hold a small dog while driving what about a colored pit bull
or a bomb in the colored Boston tier excuse me in fact they actually do look like pit bulls
only watch out rear wear a tie a sweater around your neck 34 watch bear ass mountain 31 highlight
your hair 26 just touch it up a little bit ass lapping 21 just touch it a little bit but sits
vote democrats 17 use body wash 15 we're pink shirts 13 watch soap operas 12
guys who like cats 11 guys like musicals 11 we're thumb rings 11 going to Michael Jackson concert 8
guys who like to McCauley Culkin 7 going to the gym 7 riding a scooter a vet book 7
where ladies watch five little teeny tiny delicate watch usually pretty good giveaway
ride a tandem bike for wear green on Thursday 3 see that that is I'm dated on that it was
back a long way just don't do it tomorrow though I'm just telling you right now Josh
wear bracelets 3 wearing colored con see if you would have said wearing tinted
contact lenses that would have got more votes instead of colored contact that's only
guys wrote what I just copied what he wrote buying carpenter CDs one and crying at a movie only one
so that's good to love these macho guys must cry their eyes out
yes it's fine what if he's a
oh
my name is battery
tell me what's fading until I spend some afternoon
recording some old phobia tune I never dreamed that any of this crap would sell it all when I was done
I did you did number one can't keep it stocked on shelves so it's this pouring and
tell that damn thing it's selling like white saw out of fire
it's best to sell making doughs from grandma and grandpa my bank of cancer gas Montana
a big warning don't throw grandma and grandpa
they're on the crab
but I keep them as a making dough balls
that white hair crowd
it's number one baby and it sucks it's 1048 it's over the QA and it's amazing is what it is
if they viewed it number one it's very manllow you say that whole up very ass mountain
thing that's had an effect on America and all the macho guys they ran as soon as they saw that movie
they ran right out and bought very manllow out several that's correct I've been ahead today by
the way just want to say that to the audience have been what's the word I'm looking forward
snuckered snuckered that's a good word for it I've been snuckered having given the old bait and
swished today but I'd be better boop in other words you know always agree with whatever
people say to you and then the stab in the back that's the new deal we got now agree with everything
that I say and then just go ahead and turn around stab me that's all right I can handle it I got a big fat
back and a big fat perfect pretty sad what's going on but nevertheless it never change because
it's the easily effing way make no mistake about that when you're working for people who you know
live in a tree yeah I remember little kids used to have a tree house you know but adults
part that it's a little bit unusual yeah Tarzan and Caroline Beasley ever see them swinging around
together I hear that Joyce is a real swing or two like to have I'd like to have her up on a rope
on a tree all the hanging from it her from one limb and Tom direct from the other that old expression
from limb to limb there's a really cute line in that bit too about like a candle I saw at a
fart fest that was kind of good yeah Bill aimed at reducing crashes of race day driving age to 17
what do you think yeah whatever I say you know because we're always discriminating against young
people in Florida I say I have no problem with that because most teenagers drive like lunatics
anyway and are like a threat on the road but if they're going to do that let's also like
pair it down on the other end on the top end hey man and that is if they've your old age is 70 for
example we take away old but that'll never happen no of course not because they're the ones that
vote right the great they don't vote and they can't vote anyway under so you know 18 attention
teenagers the state legislature may make you wait an extra year to get behind the wheel of a car
or at least to drive legally anyway thousands of Florida 16 year olds are killed or injured in
car crashes every year a statistic that spurred at least one oh legislative call for increasing the
states driving age from 16 to 17 that extra year the kids needed said herb slothberg democrat of
boca herb slothberg boy their brain hasn't matured hey herb I wonder if your brain has matured
sometimes I relate this to trying to pour a gallon bottle of milk into a pint and it just
overflows they can't take in all that information do you understand what that means no I mean it would
be one thing to say the theory responsible and at that testosterone is flown all those teenage
guys and they're like one I think they're hot shots out there and they want to go out there and
race like crazy and they're killing people that's the only one thing they the only ones though say
them concerned about the driving in general yeah the driving in general sucks and of course when
you have people getting their drivers license in a cracker jacks box and they write there's no there's
no inspection vehicle inspection they got all these people with no insurance with ball tires and no
brace it makes for a very very fun combination a lethal mix out there in a highways but this is
another one was like put a band-aid on the Titanic kind of solution they always come up with in Florida
because you got a bunch of spineless political cowards and as a result they don't want to press off
the old folks they don't want to do and of course remember that we went through that whole scam
well how much did it cost eight bucks for what that that that that needs to stick that thing up your
eight bucks up your two two that used to up your two I thought it would like 12 or so was it
scam that was an absolute scam the auto emission test where you had to go in it would be like a bunch
of illegal aliens it just hopped off a banana boat and they just in there are sticking that long
view of your car's butt Florida's been one of the most aggressive states in restricting teen driving
well of course keep sticking to the young people that's right stick it to the punks wait a
little bit the new chase all in people away from spring break chase anybody under 100 away
anybody let's have more and more specials for the early bird if you're over the age of 100 we
can give you like a special discount on your you know colossal bag but anything else for charger
double to make up for it when compared to other age groups drivers age 15 19 had the highest
rate of accidents and fatal crashes in 2004 15 to 19 of course they don't see once statistic
failure you'll ever see is the number of crashes in Florida that are caused by old fart's driving
who forced the rest of us to like take evasive measures desperate to like go more than five
miles an hour in the passing lane if I can find it South Park had a hysterical episode about old people
driving really or make your pants was it Tom Cruise in the giant revolter right it'll make you
fill your bag no no it had the AARP commandos in it that was that was just nation-wide 16 year olds
had the highest crash risk twice as high as 18 to 19 year olds according well 16 year olds
be driving anyway it's common sense and I think maybe it's time slasper said he also said
his plan hb975 is similar to measures pending several states although we can see it could be
a multi-year process to win enough votes to make the change Florida became one of the first dates
to begin placing tougher restrictions on novice drivers when in 1996 legislators passed the
cinder relevil admit that you turned into a pumpkin I see and you put on these little flippers
establishing phased in licenses that put nighttime restrictions on drivers under the age of 18
within a year those changes reduce crashes involving fatalities injuries by 11%
in the 15 to 17 year old age group how come we just don't make it like 25 okay if you're not
25 you can't drive how do you like that you know in Montana I don't know we're not too happy
that you're alive and you know jive yes in Montana you can get your driver's license at 15 I don't
know if that's the case anymore but I got my time I recall when I was a punk I think I got mine at
15 you get a restricted license in New York state that's 100 years ago regular license 15 if you
highlight resentment I mean you're gonna actually hit somebody else in a highway there loose maybe
then that's about the biggest danger or maybe an elk you know those are some of my I just I
can't even tell you how embarrassed I am by those people the one the larger the larger the VFW people
are where those silly hats on the elx oh my the FW is a little better you but oh look it's just
an excuse yeah I have no life listen it's just an excuse to have a place to go and play cards and
drink and drink and drink like right now and drink before you go out of the garden the death of
Justin Marx a 15 year old rolling vintine kill in the car wreck with two teenage trends prompted
to push for even more change in 2000 lawmakers agreed to make teens wait longer to get their licenses
forcing them to first hold a learners permit for a four year instead of just six months plus get
50 hours of supervised behind the wheel experience fatal crash involvements for 16 year olds fell
26% from 1993 in 2003 as states began to enact graduated licensing laws but this hasn't solved
the problem by any means motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for teenagers the later
they start driving the better like about 40 would be good what do you say all right I'm thinking like
63 is a good age to start driving I'd say that's one thing I don't miss I would say the drivers
here are like much more yeah not not the best but certainly more civilized than there but that could
be said of anywhere you could say that about the drivers in Rome even the ones on their vetsford
but I just I don't miss it it's just every because you know I used to enjoy that so much
especially when I had my early Corvette you know back in the day when you can actually drive and go
somewhere and now it's just a nightmare you can't go anywhere anywhere because they're like if you
be two blocks there's another progress in there with is with his long radar you suck out the window
you know waiting to write some business old porkeys in addition which is like some oil like you're
like I'm university drive trying to go north especially like from sunrise north have you ever
tried to go there yeah look up into tamarind forget about it you can't you can't get there from here
because all the old parts here in the left hand lane with a sitting on 14 telephone books where
head like just go up to the bottom of the steering wheel yeah I live in Hollywood you're talking to
me and let me say it again I just got a six year renewal on my drivers license in the mail another
another blue sticker to put there on the back of my tank they don't know whether I'm deaf dumb blind
quadruple amputee okay right oh that's even worse yeah or all of these things all of the
all of these things and they sent it to me in the mail and you know it took like less than a week to
about four days if you've got 15 bucks in Florida you've got a driver's license baby you can be 90 like
my mother got a six year renewal in the math she was 90 and got a six year renewal so maybe it's
fortunate she didn't make it to like 96 you know what I'm saying she could still drive legally in
the state all right you know something you're right if we could drag her ass out of that box and
proper up behind a wheel she'd get her and she probably get another six year renewal that's the
Florida F and Way but you punk's out there on you know I think the best message from the whole deal
is if you're in Florida just don't drive this day alive this is me a little Roger this is 5.62
8.62
this is your brain this is your brain on drugs this is your brain being chopped up by a final home meat
cleaver this is your brain in a blender and this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili
brains real food for real people forget Jason forget Franny forget y'all so even heraldum
there's a monster out there on the streets that could strike at any moments old people will drive
that's right there's no escaping them because they're everywhere you go they drift from lane to lane
they stalk the other states in second gear old people who drive I kick it around this guy look
out honey you're backing up backing up you don't know what they're doing next until slowly they drive you
coming soon to an intersection or prep or parking lot near you this 11.2.5.60 WQ I'm by the way
if you believe that prostitution's illegal in Florida you've never heard this radio station
anyway more in downrights by sure got a lot of stuff to read here today you know I got that big
high I don't know what you call you what's wrong with you me what calls both of them there are a
couple actually well you know what they're going to be WQ I am hello hello Neil yes sir how are you sir okay
hey I yeah I trim my eyebrows and sometimes I pull the hairs out of my chest that's yeah
goes on there damn well I guess Andy Rooney's about as much as you can get huh all right Franny okay
happy 30 and back to you happy what do you say about 30 man that's my 30th anniversary gift from
the radio stations I got stabbed in a back of you in this morning and you were witness to it both
here you saw it I was made know for I really couldn't refuse wasn't I yeah okay you saw the way it
was presented like you know do it for a doofus and what do I tell you about glad handers guys it's
my like I kind of agree with everything you say and then but I'm being when you're not looking all
of a sudden your back starts gushing blood like the acid of virgin Mary and at South Park episode
that's how I feel it's always the same the end result is always the same okay the people and the
the sad part of it is that the people who do the least for the radio station like Todd Dreck people
like him who are running their own boiler room back there in sales people like him always get
their way in the rest of us well and you do whatever we tell you man you go step along but
you guys are opinion yes we just tolerate you because you know we get those numbers man just just
absolutely outrageous what's going on and then all those stories the clearance told us and
did not tell you he'd be taken off again for a couple days to do basketball yeah you did did I tell
you that you did that that's not changing nothing is changing just like Jack Webb used to say only
the names have been changed to predict the guilty and that's exactly what we do here at QM the
spaces keep changing but the plot continues to darken and thicken it's like that chocolate ganache
I was talking about it just keeps getting darker and thicker and darker and thicker you can go
like into an insulin coma just looking at it any idea what I'm talking about no me either does
eyebrows have a hyphen or is it yeah why are you really putting eyebrows on there that's
fucking your eyebrows but in other words you're saying you're saying that straight guys when they
go get a haircut they don't have the barber trim their eyebrows that's not what I'm saying at all
what guys who pluck their eyebrows shape them sculpt them you know they're all seen uh then my
not not nothing makes it great but in my case I have to I do that because I don't go to the
barber anymore I shave my own head listen every once in a while I get this random gray eyebrow
I get like I get out on one I don't know why maybe I got a little blind in you I'm not gonna say
that we're talking about the guys that sculpt and shape their eyebrows oh that's awfully oh yeah
okay go put that on there how many QAM hello how many QAM hello how many QAM hello
hey Neil yes sir I heard you talking about American History X the other day great movie great movie
indeed there's a couple other movies you should check out if you haven't where that Edward Norton
has does the great performance and you want to one is called the score with a Robert Nero and
I think it was Marlon Brando's last film he did before he crows and the other is rounders
that's what John the Tarot and John Nakavitch and Matt Damon
rounders what's that about you keep hearing about rounders yeah I've heard it's sort of based around
poker but like being a six-footer player yeah but it's more involved than just like you know
a card game type type P L but it's sort of that's sort of what he does he gets out of prison and then
you know Matt Damon we meet up with him again and they sort of used to be high stakes players and
sort of play the field so then I don't want to stick with the score I'll check that one out first
okay okay thank you thank you thanks yeah anything into with cards puts me into a coma I don't
care whether Hank believes that story or not I do and it may have been said partly in just and
as an exaggeration ever but in other words and in other words their betting on games is the point
whether it was a hundred grand or ten grand or whatever you know that's right or this is the
point but then again Hank is the gambling analyst he's the specialist on that so and how would he
know about placing bets to Mafia connected people anyway in Jersey five six seven oh five sixty
you think I probably know anything about that he's heard stuff about
now well he knows any of those people and certainly we got a way to deal with Todd Dreck I think
we probably got the final solution five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon
Singular wireless line deputy QAM hello deal yes sir how you doing all right all right I get
off the boat our straight guys I can't shave down you know look at the shave on your body hair
stop that hey man all right thanks thanks yeah shaving your body here or like Joe Castelli's to shave
your nuts even the squirrels don't do that oh there's one of the pictures with a bag over the head
there the photos from the they've been showing on the erum tv stations now they're not wasting
time clearly no system no there's a guy now that's quite opposed how do you do that super
good he's got his legs over the top side of the top bunk of a bunk bed and he's like make it
a jay bird and he's like rest his head on the floor I guess it's good it look uncomfortable
yeah it looked like a cat of an uncomfortable pose of course they they pixelated out the you know
they just like we have to pixelate out the package the private oh oh
wqa m hello I drive I was crazy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon
singular wireless live line live wqa m hello not there qa m ola
I'm playing you yes sir have a quick question how my young bulls you're done in Miami now I'm a little
bit confused unfortunately I have a unibrow so my wife plugs in some times I've even had them wax
ones does that make me gay no you're you're you're given a you're given a dispensation if you have a
unibrow perfect well I don't even know what that is what is a unibrow what is i
what's more than a connect one oh yeah oh yeah you have to shave it or something yeah yeah
perfect thanks guys you're a little more children with that thing yeah that that's scary I never
heard that expression I mean oh it is but it's never heard all that you call that a unibrow
that's what they call it oh boy well his his wife is a working on it he said that's good news
even after Valentine's Day she's still working on it though they know what we're talking about
you know how women's shape their eyebrows their guys do that man guys that use like mascara
on their eyelashes oh god now what are women put on their on their eyebrows nothing not
mascara they put mascara on their eyelashes when they put their eyebrows nothing they just they
just pluck them and shape them oh they pluck them and shape them right hmm careful kind of like
sounds like what those priests do with the altiboy's five well sounds like pluck five six seven
oh five six you speak of that there's that norm Coleman Jackass he's got condolences testifying oh
yeah this ought to be right a real um oh brother kiss kissy kiss fest holy sanctioned or
any it is condolences oh brother I get you cookies when I see that pitch
hey condolences you're fairy and look at that looks like he's got a furrowed brow
she does it furrowed he's been lying too much what the hell is this oh look at this I just got
oh my god you know how you get these adfaxes right and usually I just toss him I don't even look at him
is this one for eyebrow waxing this one is for the guardian angel safety patrol Toronto chapter now
look at this uh sleep while Curtis slimy sleep while I came here three weeks ago after they had
remembered the murder uh etc downtown yeah yeah all the shootings and he stuck his nose in here
which they have no business being in Toronto these guys ought to go back to New York where they came
and the mayor David Miller told him you got to this was out like a Friday says you got some
money to get out of town get out of here get lost we don't want you here we don't want you
help we don't want you sticking your nose in here for publicity which is all they're all about
and look at this volunteer orientation meeting Sunday February 19th at the Brunswick House on
Blurrstree West Toronto uh the Guardian Angels Toronto chapter please come out and support your
local community watch program the people here don't want them here okay so you join it up
no the Guardian Angels is a not-for-profit organization to inquire called Yadi Yadi and
Burlington Ontario get out of here Curtis you jackass get out of our face go back where you came
from go back to the streets in New York where you belong you right wing jackass which he is by the
way I don't know if you ever saw him on it uh show he does the right wing he makes it what's the
guy that I'm gonna say is on all the time vote needle the vote you ace vote needle seem like a
like ten Kennedy any kind of art of the record is slime ball hey did you get the pack and
jet from both of Brian this week because he's been so downstairs right now as a matter of fact why
should I go get it oh no the crash movie should be in there and starring Don Cheetle no relation to
the boedie Oh boedie the fifth beetle who is evil and in the illiterate he's he's what everybody
hates about New York people who look like him people who talk like him that's what most of us
can't stand about New York there are a lot of nice people in New York on force and we never see
too many of them 12 on and talk about sensitive oh brother the peacock they had like a MSNBC
had them do an apology I read about it out because I don't want to crack any more on the iMUS show
because they were making comments about bear ass mount and the stuff that we say here every day
but MSNBC had them do an apology on the iMUS show because oh give me a break okay
just because there might be like you know two million fags come out and beat the crap out of
iMUS some day the big deal don't get over it the bitch slapping no I when you're boozed up and
up you have no feelings anyway let's see if there are those girly punches you know kind of with the
sides and the wrists I got news for you man we got some macho guys in our crowd look at normal
Kim for example you when it comes to mattresses there are a lot of gimmicks the latest are sleep
numbers otherwise known as air mattresses they're only warranty in full for two years they squeak they
pop they can lose their setting during the night and they cost the fortune so if you really want
a high quality brand name at first that last for years and years and who in the right mind doesn't
then call my good friends a dollar mattress toll free at 1 800 mattress when you call 1 800
mattress you'll get no run-arounds no showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices on the best
brand you know and trust and love when you call 1 800 mattress you still choose from Florida's
biggest inventory of ceilies certas Simmons King coil temper pete externs banana sposter already
for same-day delivery at prices lower than a so-called big name chain stores even during their
supposed big sales so do the smart thing like I've been doing for years call 1 800 mattress
yeah if the bet you want delivered the same time you want a two-hour delivery that you pick
you pick the window and they jump right through it like noon to two one to three etc call today
1 800 mattress you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight or log onto their website
at macrus.com that's 1 800 MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for stew pendus saving
this is meal Roger this is 5168. All right you got it. Oh Mr. Gonzalez is the
true that you as White House counsel wrote the memo which basically okay is the use of
non-traditional interrogation of combatants a aka torture to gather information oh that is
not correction oh Mr. Gonzalez would you like a minute to think about that answer no
center okay one more time Mr. Gonzalez I never
now before I release the dog Mr. Gonzalez may I suggest if you like your family jewels in one
piece senator I know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
now what's that easy okay now let's move on to your stand on roby ways could I have the jumper
cables moved a little lower please that is great and very timely too I'll go grab 1039 votes on the
gate pull so far that's like the may pull the gate pull yeah can I tell you a little
top directory and top director one of our sales holes and one of the absolute most
the unacceptable pieces of garbage that ever walked the face of the earth this guy now you know
it because you witnessed this many times should I'm not telling tales out of shul he used to hide
behind scurands per strings or apron strings as the case may be skirt skirt that's right used to
hide behind her skirt and if there was some account he wanted to coerce me to do it that you knew
damn well I didn't want to do what he would do is he would get scurrande come into the studio
before the show and he would like hide he would come in behind her and of course he's about two
feet tall waist fourteen pounds so it's very hard to see him so like hide himself behind her
skirt and she would always ask and for whatever reason I have no idea why but she just she would
do it in such an unobtrusive way I always say okay square and sure whatever it was kind of like a
joke you know right I could tolerate her even as obnoxious as she was I could tolerate her but
him that's another story and so now that she is long gone let's congratulate Todd wreck I'm
finding another pair of pantaloonies to hide behind okay not a skirt this time but he's hiding behind
some of these pantaloonies nice going Todd you've always got somebody there like be the frontman
for your high jinks and low jinks and BS you're a jackass and you make me want to vomit but other
than that hell of a guy heck of a job brownhound 19 past eleven a qa m marine downrights for another
marine dot com it's got a short one too I don't want to like get two ponders reading my four
thousand things I got here today but I will anyway don't you think it's a good idea what about all
these calls oh like this one qa m hello hey Neil yes sir got one for the poll okay uh watching
figures skating you know with the Olympics and everything going on amen wait I got another one
like Elvis Stoico yes well you've got a vote Democrat on there but don't you think you should have
vote Republican I mean with drugs and melman and Condi no all right thought I brought out there
no but those are all gay see you got to confuse okay never good one shooter slips on a silencer
marine downrights if you got that on there by the way we're watching a figure skating yes we do
I haven't watched any of the Olympics and I'm proud to say I will not you know oh I never missed
the curling and I don't give it them what Hank says about the basketball and all the money it makes
them that's great that's fine you know in the meantime I still stand by what I say it's a slap
in the face just like just like that slap in the face of the fans shut down to them and
agree the NBA doesn't do it during the season but the NHL does shuts it down for two weeks so
that the athletes and go over there and jeopardize their health and safety and maybe playing with
the crack foot like Chris prognor all this other stuff it's going on shame on you guys screw you
take your hockey puck and take it back to moustache shove them anyway who did this old guy think he
was coming between Dick Cheney and his helpless prey the luck was 78 year old Texas lawyer Harry
winning ten is intensive care after a heart attack with up to 200 pellets waddling his face in
body one stuck in his heart from Dick Cheney's designer parazzi brussia shotgun and still a
friend of ice president swift bebeying him number swift boating he swift bebe in him by head
of spain that I see not to you private citizens have been listed to blame the victim maybe
promised a winning to put himself in the wrong place at the wrong time but he was after all behind
vice not in front of him and a hundred of the trigger supposed to make sure he's got a clear shot
wouldn't it be well classy for a shooter to express his to bitter contrition and humility instead
the usual slimy has begun with a chain camp trying to protect the vice president by casting
a veteran hunter is elmered dud scott McClendon told the White House press corps that Katherine
Armstrong a lobbyist with government ties who owns the Texas ranch and whose mother Anne was
on a halibutin board that hired mr. cheney as CE oh pointed out that the protocol was not
followed by mr. wouldings and when it came to notify the others that he was there as the story
of the weekends bizarre hunting accident is wrenched out of the White House the picture isn't pretty
with american soldiers dying in Iraq five deferment Dick I had other priorities in the 60s
and military service cheney gets his macho kicks gunning down little birds in the occasional old man
while w rises bike blissfully oblivious to any collateral damage don't forget the mission is
a canned hunts that he engages in right shouldn't these guys work on weekends until we figure
out how to fix a raccoon whirling's medic here in gas prices okay and hunts they make a hell of a
sauce not this version of the most dangerous game neatly follows the four step bush cheney cycle
step one set out to pick off what you think is an easy target like quail this time or pen raised
and knitted feson in the past or a certain sanctioned cage Iraqi dictator step two in the corrupt
company of lobbyist contractor friends botched things up ignore the peril at hand as with oh
osama atorabora or Katrina or the rack occupation and with steely resolve indulge your raging
incompetence oops step three stone wall resist giving congress information about 9-11 or Katrina
don't tell the public how you're tapping phones at home setting up ghouls abroad and making
more energy policy and secret like if the taxpayers were pulling up for these weekend hunting
trivia extraordinary news that a vice shot is hunting companion in the face and chest
Scott McFellon knew before yesterday's White House brefig at noon that mr. Wittington was
but didn't help reporters he left that to corpus christy doctors who spun the heart attack as
an inflammatory response to a metallic foreign BB step four admit no mistakes express sympathy blame
the victim without leaving fingerprints by outsourcing the smeared the private sector
tradlocked joke the meeting yesterday the mr. cheney was now the shooter in chief while
other at wax noted that quail was always a problem for the bushes that's what the capital cue that's
here presidential staff members and lawmakers speculated yesterday by whether the shooter would
resign and make room for kandy if mr. wittington did not survive his death would trigger a more
thorough police investigation and probably a grand jury are you crazy one republican senator
told reporter he'd never quit Aaron Burr presided over the senate after he killed Alexander Hamilton
and dual the shooter achieved can't quit because he is the administration who'd even tell him to quit
if necessary probably make the ability to take the fall despite efforts by mr. McFellon to joker
nerd reporters to get back to the pressing priorities of the american people the hunting debacle once
more showed mr. cheney running the imperial show he didn't talk to the sheriff for 14 hours we
even called a president to notify him after the five fifty p.m. accident vice-left that to Andy
car to call mr. bush at seven thirty to say that there been a hunting accident without mentioning
the vice was the gunman soon after that mr. roe called mr. bush back with that little detail
a reporter surprised press mr. mary colon the vice president didn't call the president to tell him
he was the shooter usually when there's a white house cover up the president's in on it
cute there's more you know it's short and sweet today you go honey
so clearest is leaving for two or three days to go to another silly basketball game up in Boston
oh boy that's all gonna change though you'll see oh oh god it's in the pain is so great
and you know what i tried to tell you and you all listen to me i better run to watch a couple more
times than you have all your all your whipped up and food yeah i just because you guys don't speak
the same language that doesn't mean that you know that i'm wrong but what does that mean you can
let me just tell me this conversation that you had i go on and then you uh mean that you think
that means something else oh i see i'm not even talking about that i'm not going to bring
you talking about far so that's oh no i'm talking about everything uh and as far as that goes well
that all of that remains to be seen too what is the gase thing is so called straight guy can do
kiss another guy hundred and eighty eight we're a thong at the beach one forty three oh
kiss another guy just went to two hundred even that's a hundred that's a hundred pair of guys kissing
we're a thong at the beach one forty three make it for turnity hazing one twenty eight to me i
just can't even imagine anything more faggy than that other than of course this oboe government
of stuff i think that it would be good day to play that uh that that hazing call that you took that
one time no okay guys with navel are all piercing sixty it's too long and it's ponderous and it's
got to do with hockey well kind of very short shorts fifty eight that where uh fanny pack
flag bag forty six get a manicure slice pedicure forty three hold a small dog while driving forty
unless you're under seventeen listen to the aradius thirty eight just wear a sweater around your
neck or tywin around your neck tywin on thirty seven uh highlight your hair thirty four watch
bear ass mountain thirty three ass laughing twenty three four democrats twenty one use body wash
seventeen wear pink shirts sixteen wear a thumb ring is uh fifteen guys who like cats fourteen
guys who like musicals fourteen watch soap operas twelve going to the gym nine going to
Michael Jackson concert nine right escuda reveta eight guys who like McCawley kalkin seven you
gotta be sulking wear a ladies watch so much in your body here six right attendant bike five
wearing colored contact lenses tinted three wear green on thursday three don't do it tomorrow morning
right now people be running around laughing their ass going you fair like that you won't hear what they're
doing wear bracelets three plucking your hair eyebrows to cry at a movie to find carpenter CDs one
and watch figure skating just went on their none yet ten ninety seven by the bottom of the hour
we're gonna have eleven hundred votes and then some are to impress uh media impressed i'm depressed
so the score and rounders how did you see the one of them with uh Edward Norton i don't think i did
i'll tell you what you did to yesterday though you guys had some good food again from john the
baker just we did delicious goody pivoting as fresh i know john the baker from uh because he's
almost as old as i am he's been doing it in town for over thirty years now so it ever takes
sides with anyone against the family again
in theaters now when a stranger calls
hi this is Paul from surprise place center we have great news for you regarding the content
let's be Jill you were so thrilled to find your babysitter at the last minute
this is great that i'm calling the guy in the entry form that you had filled out at
keeps on calling your safe inside the house
why are you doing this and what do you want
love unfortunately i do have time again but we have the police
stop calling me
Jill is the police which breaks the call it's coming from inside the house
do you hear me coming from inside the house
you guys have actually wanted to do one of our top four major prizes
thank you
don't do it save your money bear ass mountain and when a stranger calls i just save you like
12 bucks a piece oh that's what no no problem that was a safe bet i wasn't gonna do that
my i'm not talking about you oh they just showed some pictures together oh my god
asked to ask i think that were you watching that uh what channel my own
MSNBC is it the end of the uh i'm on uh spanish tv hintive they're having a uh little news
update there oh not for me nice premiere is they saying they're worth
pixelating in the greater checker publicly so that nice premiere
anyway life is likely to have emerged in warm puddles of fresh water
you see this no study pours cold water on Darwin's theory of life
life is likely to have emerged in warm puddles of fresh water and not the piping hot volcanic
springs that have often been proposed as its source research is suggesting
so in other words you came out of a puddle of water yeah i knew that
and experiment to recreate the conditions in which life began is revealed that the hot
hot acidic clay-filled waters that have had been proposed as prime candidates are probably
incapable of missing organic matter in the right way so forget about that volcano even though it
does have certain Freudian overtones to the idea that the origin of life might be traced
upon zwarmed by volcanic heat or around underwater hydrothermal vents was first put forward by Charles
in the letter in 1871 and the theory became accepted as one of the most likely explanations
it suggested that a combination of organic compounds such as amino acids acidic waters rich
and that's acidic waters rich in clay and heat could have led to the information of the
complex molecules that kick started life i got news for you we got plenty of people in that
building out of get kick started right now god well wouldn't be something if somebody could
actually stand up and be a man and that's how the problem is opposed to like always a g it's like
a little kid in school Johnny's picking at me to spit balls and stand up and be Johnny the
beat the crap bottom okay be a man right right since you plan all these godfather quotes and by
the way don't ever take sides against the family again exactly a team led by David dream or a
deemer of the University of California at Santa Cruz has put this hypothesis to the test by
in hypothesis to the test by investigating volcanic springs of this sort in cancetta in
Russia and not lashing in California he found the contrary to expectations these springs were
poor environments for the formation of these molecules when organic material was added to the
pools they clay particles attached themselves to it and prevented the chemical reaction that
could be important to the formation of life the findings which will be presented day at the
world society conference in London so i'm sure that's already been done suggest that life is more
elected to emerge in shallow cooler pools of fresh water these would have been of neutral pH
with less intense heat source and the water would have evaporated frequently concentrating organic
material it's about 140 years since Charles Darwin suggested the life of maybe
begun in a warm little pond professor deemer said we're now testing Darwin's idea but in hot
little puddles associated with the volcanic regions of camcetta and mountain lashing the result
of results are surprising in some ways disappointing it seems that hot acidic waters containing clay
do not provide the right conditions for chemicals to assemble themselves into pioneer organisms
we found that organic compounds such as amino acids in the basis of DNA which are the
building blocks for life it came strongly help the surfaces of clay particles in the volcanic
pools in camcetta phosphate another essential ingredient for life also became help of the surface
of the clay we saw the same thing in a boiling pool at Mount Lassen i wonder if i'll wait in
this life had any best in that boiling pool in our experiments the organic compounds became so
strong in helping to clay particles that they could not have to go any further chemical reaction
in addition when we introduced soap like molecules into the pools they didn't form a membrane which
would be quite a form cell so they are warm puddles okay that's it i'll take it have a few puddles
and make some babies in a warm puddle that's that's what we're like begin by the way something have
we gotten a good series of pictures to post on the website with regards to this new story well i
have passed along the link there to the story and the story does contain the pictures and i'm sure
that if people will click on the link when they get to that story they'll find the pictures
i was just wondering i'll compare what we've got to is it the raw story story no okay i don't believe
so what is it do we know i don't think it's better for today it's the raw story story
a bokeh brine and just sent me a link to it it's got a whole bunch of graphic pictures there
well how do you know that's the one that i got i don't know that's why i was asking
oh man you really are in a porcupinew today you've got to get your tassels out i think i
sure a little on the test these so he's going to bring me some antibiotics today since we don't
have our connective nobody's going to bring you no pills we don't got that your boyfriend no more
my boyfriend my close personal buddy we don't got him no more call up Roy Black he probably
knows Russia's phone number that those kind of pills yeah he gets your will month and get you like
some real good oxygen stuff oh there's your labor man in the in the man and Susan Collins
was on just before why is it that there's so many wineries in Connecticut and Maine thank god
for Massachusetts man where you got the fire and brimstone guys like Ted Kennedy right our
eight powder John Kerry i'm sorry nobody's perfect five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty and leave Verizon singular wireless line thanks to Deb again wasn't Deb that uh yeah
for tomorrow's uh pool oh yeah the best cartoon character of all time i got a really good
western pack there is probably not too all of you like you said he can paste in cotton chew and
yes he can you just stuff and regurgitate it i think we got him all on there although i don't think
we got what what's what's that other cat which other one which one do you have isn't the cat or a duck
no it's a duck how the black duck not Donald duck dathy oh is it dapy duck yeah that's the duck
i don't think dapy duck is on his list well don't do it is on it well just a minute let me take a
peek at it oh yeah he's on there like i said a dapy duck is on and by the way they came
he's out after him by uh you know George messin that and i think everybody knows that but
did we ought to repeat it again in fact all the all these like when he goes out duck hunting with
the judge and these are all what i call fission and barrel shooting expert expedition you look
really with the calls at that yeah it's all contrived is what it is right these are canned
hunting expeditions it's kind of like you can't miss no self-respecting child would engage in such a
thing he's not self-respecting if he had a self-respect he wouldn't be the butcher of washin
and i want to why don't you go to the supermarket and shoot into the meat counter and in addition
to which he's got a bull-dike daughter so he's got a lot of issues to deal with and he's got to
take out his frustration on some little bird you know and on some old cute from a Texas right
70 QIM hello hello yes sir i have a one for deals call that should be number one okay
but i probably a little too late but i got the best one never too late do you want to hear it now
i'm listening drinking wine cooler is wrong okay is your i got one yes okay that's number one
i don't think you wanted to even sell wine coolers anymore yeah i guess i don't know you big
no while there i think they went by the wayside very short version of what i submitted for the record
that there's a Mickey cheered off heck of a job Mickey go away you're doing a good job that's your
responsibility guy oh boy i feel so safe not being in the states five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty neighbor rising singular wireless line nobody QIM hello
QIM hey good morning yep yes sir i might have a good room for the ball maybe and maybe not
you know my sky thought he had number one but i don't think so i'll show it to you um
two or more guys with a girl you know something could ever happen you know three
sins yes three ways i'd treat them two guys or there are more with the girl yeah and um if you
work if you ever notice not not that we've ever seen any of those movies where that might be going on
but you'll notice that there are there are male parts that occasionally wind up very in close proximity
to each other yeah that's a that's a great thing right and you know i have um if George
needs any opsy con i have the forties in the eighties just rubbing and no man and not
for the moxasillin or something and and i also have more thing while he pops this is
okay or he's gonna sell those over and we can all use those you know he's gonna go away and
you didn't hang up on him right so it was over here and we all can use the amorphine quick
lots in the needle we can all use a good shot of something in fact a tied wreck
you think i'm a good shot for him follow up to ten he's got right there time okay mix is five sixteen
what's up with your god from a sport home
joy the
oh
your friend the way will back you all the way
when you think of all the benefits you're getting life will be sweeter when you pass your
and for the me and for the chat and always and for the head they say well it's not best
sharpen your skill in the forest but we'll be there to defend your right to hold us
come on and don't wait to say and you'll be proud to say you're a member of the M.R.A.
wasn't 47 i wonder whether they're gonna have me doing some of those gun show us spots live
tomorrow i heard they start now what's this thing chanee's got a gun and it's crossed out it's
his girlfriend oh this is from a smirking chimp jeff uh which i don't want to go into him i
sent him money a couple of times i exchanged emails with this guy and they won't put a link
on to our show for love and love that's okay to select their stories that very important
nevertheless the story is interesting you might oh yeah there is a great website the story says
serious radio's Alex Bennett just broke a rumor that the delay in reporting the news that
chanee shot an old man in the heart was due to an effort to hide or spend chanee's female companion
Pamela willaford ambassador Switzerland and lictans theme was part of the humming extruder with
chanee and wittington and according to willaford's account chanee and ambassador were sied by each
when the shooting wouldington took place the vice president secret service detail had to decide
what to do with willaford by way of perhaps covering up a relationship with chanee and
thus the delay in reporting the news the rumor goes that lynchanee isn't happy with chanee's close
relationship with miss willaford not even like that Pamela willaford ambassador to Switzerland and
lictans theme and i wonder if she speaks fights or i wonder if she knows sparse well anyway there you
go so there is the Alex Bennett star that i like that wow that that's really something and that's
on the serious i'm cereal remember i must benefit oh i remember i had to work the uh saturday shift
did you i did and you're still here to tell about i've told y'all about it is a different kind of
a thing on saturday no audience you know oh no live studio i guess he played a lot of things i
remember one thing if i had the ability to do i take you out here right now i'm take your
i'm teeny thin would always be a little bit about the skeletal world we're here on c-spin
how about you herding shirt off man man man man man if you want to get to the floor is you in the
transcript that's good what a joy of questions and these are in the transcript that's can be in
that transcript he's almost as well i tell you julie were meant in susan columns interrogating
this guy is a wimp off man oh man all of you there is Todd rack me man with his little baby rattlesn
and mr. cheswick i want my cigarettes well let me ask you this micky who did mole for those
poor bastards in the New Orleans okay brownie brown or micky churdov or ray and augin head i
haven't played that yet today don't know if you're the or what's going on cat pattern about cat lean
blanco or maybe a landrew wait till you're this everybody's talking about that awful awful
bear-ass mounting battle of crick michigan ever been in battle crick nobody had sex with a girl
from battle crick well there you go that's kind of like being in battle battle no it was uh
easy that's why they make a Kellogg cereal by the way yes and this uh Kellogg i've invented
that that is as you know i remember i told you this all the whole story him on a biography channel
if you might say you all about it crazier than a bedbott right and the reason that he invented
cereal was to keep people from like touching themselves but anyway let's take another
and let's work yeah in fact they started touching it more that old freak mame jimmy jimmy jimmy
pleaded no contest away saturday charge involving a sheep says he should not have to register as a sex
offender oh unless unless the sheep speak that language Jeffrey S. Haynes said the state registries
intended to keep track of people who committed crimes against humans but count who count he's
oh cal hoon county i've actually no i used to work at wm r r long r off the air now wm r and
martial michigan and w a l m and albie michigan dot it dot but marshals in cal hoon county
what a place that's where windshield was restaurant was and may still be
cal hoon county circuit judge conrad sent told hans had a sentancy hearing that once he's released
from prison he must register with the michigan state police public sex offender registry
hans 42 a battle creek a creek was sentenced Monday to two and a half years to 20 years in prison
he entered the plea in jenuary no contest please not admission to guilt but treated the
such for sentancy purposes two and a half to 20 years in prison for having sex with a sheep
it's a little stiff sounds isn't it how old was the sheep
but third man tomorrow towns an assistant prosecutor for cal hoon county argue that
hans should be ordered to register as a sex offender because once out of prison he could
free on children or vulnerable adults or sheep pain cities not a violent person would not
assault children the prosecutor's being really hard on me for what i did he said but i should not
be treated as a child molester a telephone call seeking comment was left to the the martial
office of defense attorney john b saldan martial michigan i never thought i would see that name
in print again oh my god the martial redskins you know i used to do a martial redskin football and
basketball high school football match line albie and wildcats well all those are the days man when i
write my autobiography w a l m in albie and michigan police said hans headway the guy that was the
station manager there his name was art that was his name but big boss man was wane right
and we used to call his wife Alice short skirts but anyway art uh something to brother and he's
the only thing ever used to is walk around say fine business fine business that's all these
have fine business somebody just died on the street art fine business police said hans had
the sheep had been for township farm on jenny way twenty six two thousand five the animals owner
caught him on the property and the sheep was found injured oh my god that's what happened to
that sheep in very ass mounting looks like he got ripped wide open man is that how they got started
yeah right up there hands well there's more to it he has prior convictions for burglary home
invasion uttering and publishing it was on parole for burglary at the time of the sex crime uttering
public i think i think Todd record a good time for uttering and publishing you jackass you you
buying this coward man little whim yeah you gotta help me and they still
god is there any life form or even in a mibe i respect more than time direct he makes fat boy look like
i'm trying to think of who we like bill clinton okay wow that's a shot well he used to go out
those uh... strip bars with you all the time bill clinton yeah no fat boy that before you
three under the bus right what is the gays thing a so-called straight guy can do we got one hundred
and twenty five votes man the votes are pouring in here kiss another guy two fifteen
out on the cheeker both cheeks see in europe they kiss on both cheeks and the arab's kiss on
both cheeks but very like firmly i mean in fact i'm not so sure the arab don't do it like three times
just to make sure that it is the first cheek i heard they kissed in between the cheeks
is that what it is i heard they also kiss back home and that's only the saudis though
yeah kiss another guy two fifteen and then of course if it's on the lips well where a thong
read at the at the b-147 can you think of thong like you're wearing your thong it makes it gayer
naked fraternity hazing one thirty nine wears short shorts those real short cutoffs they can just
about see your um a womanhood sixty two guys would navel or tongue piercing sixty two how well
i've always been so i'm used at that expression manhood your manhood i mean all brother well some
some people live in a neighborhood yeah you know like well and some people live in the little
red riding hood and then some people live in the old manhood where a fanny pack or fag bag forty eight
get a manicure slice predicate your forty seven like our own moxo kimbobo camper you know
as nobody's gonna call him no fairy for the small dog while driving forty two listen to the
erad your show forty one all you guys you're fairy where's tia sweater around you neck thirty nine
watch bear-assed mounting thirty eight highlight your hair thirty five little streak little tabled
do you ass laughing twenty three now that includes either with the handle with the towel i think
the towels even more uh... faith or a ping pong paddle or a cricket batter any other do you know
especially if lies in another was in them where thumb rings seventeen where pink shirts eight
sixteen guys who like cats fifteen wax soap offers twelve go into the gym nine see their
in denial on that guys you tell me guy goes to the gym gate that's it no questions oh you're wrong
we go there to work out yet with each other you're working on out all right go into michael jaxon
concert nine shaving your body here eight that that to me is such a just grotesque thing and what oh
yeah oh yeah i was gonna say let's your swimmer or wrestler but then i stopped myself because i
thought that through why be redundant right right a scooter of ethan eight where ladies watch eight
guys are like mccally calkin seven i'm still sucking over that i'm still looking my wounds from your
whenever day that was monday right attend a bike five watching figures skating for that elvast
psycho he's there can a little brother and remember was it was it the light what the long
face was it was a two thousand two i guess it must have been where they had that husband and wife
team pelotia and whatever uh... his name was i don't know uh you yes you do you don't remember them
and they made a big they were talking to them the other day about some crap all give me a break
so so fay sorry uh... flicking their eyebrows three wearing and again we wanted to make make
make me that's why Andy ruin he doesn't touch you know maybe that's why tip one of your left and
bush you like that i don't want to be questioned their but macho they are wearing covered or
tinted contact lenses three where green on three three don't do it tomorrow watch your retire tomorrow
trust me wear bracelets three so a cry to movie only two and buying carpet received these only one
and you want to like because all these guys out there they like the carpeters they'll never admit it
i like i remember we didn't pull on that uh what artist would you never admit you like and the
carpeters always do very well that i was on last time they were both really messed up man they
were messed up they were good i'll say it i'm uh well okay old friends i can say i love it i like
love their music i mean a lot of it was very morbid and depressing yeah you like rainy days and
mondays always you know i mean she had she sang in such a low register if i was kind of amusing
because after uh... dick went away for his uh drug rehab
and she recorded a solo album do you remember hearing about this or not yes and um
um then they brought uh he came back and the other uh a and m people and they listened to when they
said oh that we're not gonna release it it's horrible and she was like devastated and he was
explaining she was singing too high i mean a big part of her charm was that the low register she
sang in that uh with a full destiny right when she had some pipes baby she had the big
i think that's what i'm here
there you go poor Karen have us a lot of me sandwich have a little water crash on
you come on little something
john the baker over in your something for your father for your mother
uh... long ago oh i really depressing but i don't care i still like it
but he's able to do just the right move to listen to it
great have you have you have good vital love
oh not in the computer you don't
how embarrassing is that for all we know it's tied in a wall or somewhere for all we know it's
up on the uh uh rack it's probably mine too it's probably one of my carpenters he
did yesterday i got a whole bunch of right which makes me so efficient yeah
right after that come on Karen do it
ooh that's that was about as tight as it gets i would say
look at the time
oh really all fun goodbye to love
fine goodbye to love i just want to hear the guitar uh thing at the end and i'm talking about
what does that do and they would they talked about that wasn't it guitar as he said
hey Karen come on let's go to lunch
this is a little runner
he's 5.6.2.8
this is Dick Cheney i'd like to relax by having Mary Magnol and massage my balls while listening
to the new Rogers welcome one hour
hey hello this is Albert Kaita from Talies Unrecords and fighting you american infidel to buy
latest stats Stevens collection you know my heart it is right i think you had on your body
got a machete with the real sharp blade
how i wish i had an american hostage make those in there those names
i was only hooting the schatnik i was on air late and suddenly the tea
changed their matches i can burn and wear it down on my head
i love it i'm in followed by an x16 what do they want with me
the money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism really
it's not time to get off the plane just relax and take it easy
you're just done that's your fault it wouldn't happen if fire would you
find our skin and the red if you want a detainee
i don't have a variation on the classic
what am i gonna ask myself every day
which american should pay
tell me
i'm gonna show you the problem
so buy new catch Stevens collection today for 1995
or you can pay with visa, master card or weapons of master trust you
i'm gonna do it
12 or 4 at 5 sixty WM so make sure that jester gets that in fact actually make
sure air tickets are in there he can sticker right on
what's that that rostery link that's not the one i had
okay i will uh forward it along and all that
forward it to air king put it on there like right now so people might have to wait
so they can see all they in fact talk about raw
it doesn't get much more than that speaking of raw
i think i read stuff might find this funny or not
maybe to look for that song that carpenter song
we have sick carpenters
right not an obscure song at all
yeah so we have six carpenter CDs and that's the
whole album that you were talking about right
you have that too nothing none of them have that
well i mean it's not like going to be like the death of
we don't hear it i'm sure that most of our
most of our audience are dead somehow get through the day
not hearing karen's dulcintones and that great guitar riff there at the end
down out out you remember that yes i did
hmm good stuff that's the song is kind of more
than depressing so let's just hear the end of the
other well in other words boka brine don't have it
or he might that's an email it to me a little
little little shit connect don't have a well what do you mean you have to email it
so you could handle it yeah you could handle it
and go on line more but i don't have that there's old mickey chard off
first your dissadventure republican panel riffs Katrina
response the response of government at all levels of her to her king
Katrina was dismal poorly planned and badly
coordinated showing that more than four years
acted nine eleven terror attacks america is still
out ready for prime time a house report concludes
we're not ready for prime time it remains difficult to
understand how government could respond so
ineffectively the way disaster that was anticipated for
years and for which specific dire warnings have
initiated for days the crisis was not only
predictable it was predicted the committee said in the report if nine
level was a failure of imagination then Katrina was a
failure of initiative was a failure of leadership
the findings of the house investigative committee are striking because
the panel consisted of eleven republicans the house democrats boycott of
the committee after pushing unsuccessfully for an independent probe
the panel to co-man security mickey chard off the test for waiting
until two days after the storm hit to activate a national response plan
and for appointing a brownie mickey brown and director of female
believe the federal response even though he wasn't
trained to take on that responsibility the report also said
president boost did not receive adequate advice and counsel
from disaster officials in other words it was a disaster
the panel concluded that earlier presidential involvement matter we saw
that a more effective response it was an accident a lot of people got
heard the White House also failed to de-conflict
varying damage assessments and discounted information that
ultimately proved to be accurate the committee said
the report that runs more than five hundred pages called a response to Katrina
a national failure and advocate of the most solemn obligation to provide for
the common welfare at every level individual corporate philanthropic and
governmental we feel the need to challenge that was Katrina in this cautionary
tale all the little pigs build houses of straw the report said
that cute yeah all the little pigs
houses of straw that's lovely
she's gonna get airs gonna get that thing up on there's everybody hop on the
website you can see all those how do our growth pictures of always poor
bastards at Abu Agarib the latest stuff from the outsee from raw story it's
like I said they get too much rather than that
while speaking of the democrats and how balls you they are in fact where's that
story about that poor war hero a hackett not frank hackett from network
tall hackett this goes to show you about your ballsy
democrat party again okay bastards with a show from party leaders a
rack war veteran Paul hackett abruptly quit a ski
center racinal hyal and further exposed to disconnect between the democratic
establishment and internet fuel challenges the political novice with you
under intense pressure from party leaders in
Washington clearing the fields represent a shared brown a 30 year veteran
about 30 men democratic politics of more than two and a half million dollars
in the bank Phil singer spokesman of the democratic
senatorial campaign committee said hackett's decision to quit give the party a
better chance of beating two term senator
g.o.p. center mic to one in November
hackett's you as strong as support from democratic activists outside of
Washington and Ohio who donated money and time by the
internet including many considered his military record and asset against
the wine hackett will probably have won this seat david near one of the
three founders of liberal websites swingstateproject.com
continued in a blog posted yesterday it's much harder for me to envision the
northeast during Ohio liberal shared brown breaking the 49%
very especially with the wine moving to the center he said
i'd like that not everyone in the world of blogs agrees but there was plenty
of anger and many threatened not to help brown matt starry leading voice in
liberal blog mydd.com who wasn't involved in the Ohio center race had hackett
represented failure by bloggers to compete establishment democrats are still
more powerful than we are by orders of magnitude erode while we can put tens
of thousands in a race they can dwarf that with millions millions and millions
of dollars all obtained by hooking by crook kind of like a what goes on a q-a-m
but those stories their parents was beginning with this this morning we're
just they were just amazing you know it
shocking hmm you know i'm talking about all this you can't
hear me in the crap that's been going on there my god
and this man wants people to sign a go away card and kisses ass on the way out
the door
Jesus k christ man there are people on death row for lesser crimes and
grigweed commit against humanity a q-a-m while i was there anyway and
probably before i'm sure long before
here's the bad news though more bad news on top of that call hackett guy
congress appeared ready to launch an investigation in the bush administrations
warrantless domestic surveillance program last week but
ah there goes that big but again you know everywhere you're looking life
things are looking really like this hold you with us today
every look there's a big but but but but but but but but but but at all out of
white house lobbying campaign is dramatically slowed the effort to make kill it
key republican and democratic sources say
the senate intelligence committee a scheduled to vote on a democratic sponsored
motion tomorrow to start an inquiry in the recently revealed program
in which the NSA eavesdropped on a disclosed number of phone calls and emails
yadi yadi yadi two committee democrats said the panel made up of eight
republican seven democrats was clearly leaning in favor of the motion
last week they were putting the motion in the basket but now it's
closely divided and possibly a client against it after Karl roe of any other
white house uh people came and threatened and would like to send him duck hunting
with a vice president that would do it for me that would put me over the edge
i wasn't at the office it was made to me this morning my clearance about that
deal yeah right either go along with this or you'd like to go
uh oh shoot you in the eye i see
problem is past noon at q a m we got let's see what's on the agenda later we
haven't even looked yet oh my goodness gildey oh no wonder we haven't looked
gildey at two and evolving dough between two and four and eric reed at three
thirty we still have no idea why you know all night long i was tossing and
turning wondering why is eric reed on every week he's he's not even he's
not with the organization he's just an answer guy i don't know what we like
guys who talk through her teeth in fact i make
gildey sound more normal mad dog four to seven hurricane hotline at seven o'clock
from brinney cozar steakhouse and the beast at bernie's at nine eighty k
ten o'clock clarence is leaving us for a couple days because you gotta go and do
that you and lost the college basketball game tomorrow so we have no program
director and then moth sent me a email and i was got a nice doing he's really
doing a man you know moth that's the same guy that the clearance
screwed over real bad which i told him to his face this morning
yeah about a net moth send me an email about the a herald you know this big
thing they're doing the kevin backstories writing for my 30th anniversary
yeah and i'm i'm not so sure i'm so happy anymore because they want to make
a cover story on traffic life and at last i did this many years ago
mark what that was it guys didn't want to watch in the uh oh god funky writer
shinebound i can't think of his name right now anyway they just did a hatchet job
it was a picture of me sitting by the phone and they put all this glistening my eyes
and the like the tears running down my eyes next to an empty phone and they just rip
me and and mark fisher that was his name oh rhymes with swisher sweet
mark fisher makes you fisher could have written a better column so so you know
i don't think heaven right i mean i mean i don't know what they're gonna make a big
deal out because i didn't talk them long enough to write a big piece about it
oh i'm saying the blanks you know he'll make up the rest
i see like that channel 10 story
what stories that the one that they ran on on you during the like i guess it was
25th anniversary or whenever it was yeah where you told them all the whole
kinds of things and they reported the opposite oh yeah right exactly and it was
very good thanks to that magnum yeah you bitch you nasty bitch and of course
they cross side christie cruvr there's a special place in health for that bitch too
pretty cruvr friday i hope he gets her 12 13 if you
weigh an attention then speaking of duff attention man if you have a hair loss
problem or if you're currently wearing a hair system listen to this very closely
Charles Alfieh has been supplying and designing hair
systems for showbiz people politicians and most importantly you
uh the everyday guy for over 40 years now
now most people say they can always spot a hair system those are the bad ones
i mean people laugh their ass off and just fall on the ground like when they look at
sand tunnels and you got to like laugh like crazy
but how many good things the hair systems go unnoticed you don't even know
that they're really there Charles Alfieh's hair systems are completely natural
designed with just a weight amount of hair in the
proper recessions run your hands through it it looks and feels just like you
own hair like the real thing and for just 99 bucks
Charlie will custom design a hair system for you try for a couple weeks if
you're happy with the way it looks and feels and smells it's yours for just
an additional 500 bucks if people are applying and clung-out you naturally you
want to keep it and Charlie is so confident that you will be satisfied he
offers you the following got a guatante if you're not completely happy with
your hair system just return it and Charlie will even give you back your
original 99 bucks so you have nothing to lose but that shiny ugly
ball spot and offer you can't refuse call Charlie today make an appointment
to go see him at his office in Fort Lauderdale he will sit your ass down and show
you how much better and younger he can make you guys look again it's like a
major miracle right on your head call him toll free
1-800-3-124-13
1-800-3-124-13 or get more info on the web at CharlesAlphiere.com
now we know I wonder if the breath will be so
like a little baby boy no soul against the flesh
earning my own white lies from here to bag the dish
the world is making such a major fall
the angel in the sea
will he have his daddy's abs in mommy's shape leave
pretty fake baby noises with too big powder left
when the kid is born of any wins and no fell prize
even though he's done nothing it can't go pretty good
fine the world is making such a major fall
over angel in the sea
what lucky little dude gonna have a mad too
he'll be reaching full if there will be fire
oh the world is making such a major fall
the angel in the sea
12-20-2-I-M
I'm not even sure we can say that can we say fetus
when we're talking about there's a good vital there's that great guitar
perfection thank you booker right thanks vocal chicken
action edited it never did boy that's great
and we're talking about how uncarpenter like that sounded just the
the earth and the rest of the music that's what was so
small she meant it's the kick the ass ancient style
yeah so there you go Karen Carpenter and phased into sunset
Richard by the way is still he's still touring around the world he's
tinkering on the panoramic when this ultimate version is
he's a turin and tori no don't give me started on that crap again okay that's
you're a little bit american media trying to dumbing down of america and there's
Brian way I hate Brian Williams and I watch him
every night he makes me sick he's like a jacket he talks in a condescending way
you know yeah just like the story they had about
chocolate sonner like you see that at the end of the
oscars about turin and the chocolates like it's
some kind of a major surprise man I got news for you okay all
you network people you got too many goi and work in there now they don't
anything get a couple of smart Jews on here like that dick ever saw
brother maybe could have gotten an airplane with john john you think so
christal mighty and cancer and heros too that would have been a good
perspective like dicks handy would say three birds in one stone Oliver
now get him in there too right and Todd Dreck
I'm really I don't know what I don't know what word to describe I'm so I feel
like I've been head you know I feel used in abuse like I've been
raped it like more well well you know he's not around anymore I guess
now I'm gonna get raped it all the time it's about time to cut around you
feel like I've been let down like I've been just let down the garden path
and it seems like this is happening all the time now with the new regime you know
oh yeah you're right and and then total turn around you know quick 360
let me just choose a common language no no you're you don't understand I
I speak and read very clear English okay all right not so good on the
pony and the little Italian English I speak very very clearly and
very succinctly you know me I don't beat around the old bush
got her down let's there you go I have a different point of view well good
screw you here's the story no doubt that the audience has been sitting on
the ends of their seats wondering when is that old
faggot gonna get around to this story oh it's big enough faggot sunny you fairy
not true those are the two operative words in the headline in this story
which everybody in the universe is on the edge waiting here it is not true
that was Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes response yesterday to a
Valentine's day report by Life and Style magazine claiming that the Hollywood
superstar and his pregnant pair more have split up oh my god
and there's a paragraph in history that is so funny it's just it's just fabulous
it should be known that the story is a hundred percent false Arnold Robinson a
publicist for the couple said the statement Mr. Cruise and his homes are
still engaged and are moving forward to their wedding plans as well as
planning for the arrival of their child it's just it's really it's really
reached the point of being sad tragic you know the horny attic efforts that
Port Tommy continues making along with this PR people to convince the world I'm
great you gotta believe me here's the paragraph you'll love
the February 27th issue of the magazine which will be on news stands this
Friday says in a cover story that the public pair
plan to keep up the charade of their romance until after their babies birth this
spring I want to read that paragraph again because it's just so true
the February 27th issue of the magazine which will be on the news stands this
Friday says in a cover story that the public here
plan to keep up the charade of their romance until after their babies birth this
spring Holmes 27 and Cruise 43 there's a better chance that he's doing
Sherlock Holmes than her Holmes 27 and Cruise 43 have been engaged since June
they announced your pregnancy in October despite the malicious
fallacies put forth by life and style magazine the couple is looking forward to
a long and happy life together as a family Robinson said
a representative of the magazine said we stand a hundred percent behind our
story the story says this information comes from two
unnamed friends of Cruise on name because obviously they don't want to go
bird hunting with the VP or Tommy hey Tommy you fairy how do you like that
I'm gonna read it again the February 27th issue of the magazine it's called
life and style by the way says in a cover story the public pair plan to keep up
the charade of their romance until after the babies birth this spring
getting pretty crowded in there and Tommy maybe that's our Kelly doing all
my two
is the best I wonder how soon we're gonna have all and
and make it pictures from our website which are
feversly working on it right now you say Josh already posted him Josh
did well he's going to do that but we're doing it
I don't see it I'll be doing it it's in progress very soon are you going to be
doing it that a thread or a promise Josh is going to be doing it
and be sure to click all the way down there just scroll all the way down where it says
how can 59 million 54 thousand 87 people be so dumb on the British Daily Mirror
I want that picture on there in perpetuity switch by using switch grasses
he's using switchgrass he must have seen that movie you know okay maybe he's
listening to our poll today your presence using switchgrass oh it's
speaking of that Willie Nelson well what a good segue you know it leave it to
do us a little talk in a little lead in there segue
yeah and you're segue yeah oh yeah every day Nashville Tennessee
cut to music outlaw Willie Nelson saying mama's don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys
and my heroes have always been cowboys more than 25 years ago
he released a very different sort of cowboy anthem yesterday on Valentine's Day
cowboys are frequently secretly fond of each other maybe the first gay cowboys
song by major recording artists but it was written long before this year's
Oscar nominated Bear Ass mounting made cowboy a gay cowboy is a hot topic you
ferry available exclusively through iTunes the song features choppy text
next style guitar runs and Nelson's deadpand delivery of lines like what did you
think all of them saddles and boots was about an inside of a cowboy there's a
lady who'd love to slip out where they're going to slip out from I wonder
back to them the song which they viewed tooth and Howard Stern satellite radio show
was written by Texas born singer songwriter Ned Sublet in 1981
Sublet he said he wrote it during the urban cowboy praise always imagined Nelson singing it
as that Willie Nelson or Rick Nelson someone passed a copy of the song to Willie back in late 80s
and quoted Nelson's record label lost highway he recorded last year with his
printinally studio in Texas Nelson's appeared in several western movies and sings
he was a friend of mine on the broke ass mountain soundtrack he was a friend of mine he was a
bunk butt buddy how do you like that sounds like a lot of bunk to me like this is some big revelation
to America that there actually could be gay cowboys out there in Texas and right La
Homa Arizona they got that on the way to the 20-hour jeans always screaming about who believed that
government ought to be making the decisions 27 past noon at 560 wqm finally a tv experience like
no other comcast digital cable on demand is easy to use and has lots to love and today you can
try for just 3499 a month for three months why is tv so much better with on demand for starters
you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want it's a revolutionary new way
to enjoy tv on demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so
with programming including free movies kids shows music videos cooking shows sports
home improvement shows guitar lessons and so much more you'll always have something good to watch
and especially right when you want to watch it and don't forget about control with on demand
you can start stop pause rewind and fast forward programs using that remote you get on kink
and all this with satellite that's for show with up to 250 channels plus on demand you can build
your own tv schedule who could possibly acts for more and best of all on demand is free with
comcast digital cable so pick your show time sit back and you wonder how you ever got along
without it call today order comcast digital cable a spiel with a power of on demand for only 3499
a month for three months call them today and they call 305 comcast and then brown word 954 comcast
this is 516 qa
you will know i was dead as dead can be i'm glad that my life made a good movie
no mama made shooting for best pictures crap i'm glad i live a longer than that
you put me in broke back my mother game cowboys never did that back in my day
good night and good luck was a total four munics was long it made me slower
the breeze withers fool played my june carder cash better than dill in or cheatle and crash
wish i had a chance with reason the sack because once you go play you don't go back
i'll be looking down from heaven that night watching the o-horts on my satellites
if we don't win well then the heavenly choir will help me bring a ring of fire
i'm dying out of here hello i'm jolly karen and i'm mr is wow how's that for time
me huh he put a real good june cashier by the way does he did old time that's hot
direct and i'm a little bit confused of course that's nothing new especially the way things are
going today i'm very confused uh this story is the lead story on our website right now a story in
tv station releases new obelgarib torture photos okay which that is the story i had sent you
now is that is that what we're putting on there
mom just put huh yeah i put it on there i mean just now yeah well you see if we're going to do
that then they're going to have to click on and then they're going to have to click the link to
the article and then they'll go right to the roster and then they'll see the pictures see what
i'm saying i mean they can do that for them it's like a threesome that's what you asked me to do
didn't you no we want the roster in there and it is the roster that that is the
story but the point is that the pictures if you want to see them you have to make like two
three clicks or two clicks in other words uh they're not going to do it but i was thinking as we
put it right smack that right on there because most of our people are too lazy to do that oh i
say most most people are too lazy to even pick their own nose see what i'm saying all right
you know what i'll be doing with the pictures i beg your pardon just the pictures
about a fifth of americans think federal agents have listened in on their phone calls they
see an an USA today gala polverly you're not going to do doing the next break beside kill myself
i'm going downstairs i'm getting the book of brand disc okay during the next break well it's a
four minute break all right i certainly can do that can i i think so if you're ready yeah i don't
have to run i can just waddle right on the elevator roll and do a little shake rattle and roll
sing a little carpet of music or maybe i can just go find a wheel i can do a little rounded round in
the elevator because i just i need to clear my brains back home and that too right now i'm just i'm
so agitated there you go nice going prairie about a fifth of americans think their agents uh
federal agents have listened on their phone calls 21% of the thousand adults who replied to the
survey conducted last Thursday through sunday last weekend said it was very likely or somewhat
likely their conversations had been wiretapped while 52% it was likely at all 24% it was not too
likely and then there was a couple percent said well it comes to you come saw
the sampling year for the question was plus or minus maso may know its
trace percentage points shortly after nine eleven per president boy's lab but we've been a
bit of a bit of a quote the pool americans appear to be split over the legality of the domestic
eavesdropping program about 49% of the residents have responded said the president had definitely
a probably broken law 47% that he probably were definitely had not and like four percent said what
you what should be talking about there you go a lot of paranoid people out there worried that
somebody's tapping their phone conversations and opening up their mail and reading their emails
and all of these things okay that's right that's what those tapping sounds i didn't know what
he would pick her out here until that how's that pool coming along not even paying no attention
to it not pushing it we already got like 240 votes well there were 13 every day today i'm pushing
something else are you really you better not because i'm going down to get that envelope
i'm going down to give me that envelope and that's an un-planned i went at 14 million
in the 649 lotto and then you won't see me normal they won't have me to push around normal
see it's it's it's kind of the meaning especially at this time not that i'm looking for anybody to
kiss my ass but when the study of anniversary thing coming up you think that at least there'd be
a little bit respect for the way i feel about certain things and believe you me i didn't
be around to bush on this one i'd later write out there in the strongest possible terms
in a two-part email and got a very specific explicit response and then but it would but it's all
it's like it's like those shmata heads over there man they're doing their daily prayers and
somebody pulls that magic carpet right out from underneath them no one of their protesting
yeah that's right fall right on their smelly ass terrible many more yeah they don't want to do that
what is the gayest thing a so-called straight guy can do kiss another guy 231
especially squarely on the lips a little tongue action we're a thong at the beach 157 naked
fraternity hazing 155 wear short shorts 69 guys with navel or tongue piercing 62 it's a matter of
fact i got a good idea i think what i will do is play that hazing story and then i'll run on
down in the break right that was the one i was talking about but still that's good too what do you
mean the frat guy call that's the one that uh oh the track guy you're talking about the wreck
tomb one no i know the prank guy ones even better you're right a little bit shorter wear a fanny pack
or bag bag 52 get a manicure a pedicure 50 pull the small dog while driving 48 listen to neo-rogyes 47
and don't come over more foggy than that watch bear ass mounting 42 tie sweater around you neck 41
or velvet said where my thing around you neck highlight your hair 30 say 38 this thing keeps jumping
ass life in 27 go democrat 25 use body wash 22 get with it already and stop it
of a lonely please like musical 21 worth thumb rings 19 guys who like cat 16 we're pink shirt 16
shaving your body here 14 watch soap operas 14 go to Michael Jackson concert 10 in Bahrain
go to the gym nine watching figure skating eight guys select McCawley's kelvin eight
ride a scooter of fp 8 where ladies little watch eight little teeny tiny one right a 10 to
mic five where green on thursday five they're starting to catch on now uh plucking their eyebrows for
wearing tinted contact lenses for wearing bracelets three crying in a movie two and buying
a carpenter CV only one well thank god i love our friends carried in Richard huh not good that is
good now let's see this is called fraternity uh guy call here's a mobile in bouquet hello yeah
how you doing i'm doing okay well you know yeah what is this too long for what i thought you're
gonna play it out it's five and a half minutes long yeah that's great and then the break it'll
be time for another break by the time i come back now i'm gonna play the i'll play that later all right
now about the hockey hazing historic think that's even low death no it is not it's three and a half
goes like this like this just before his sixteenth birthday he cried out for the junior c team in
tillbury near chatham ontario well i grew up in tillbury and i played all my minor hockey there and
you know i i would have liked to play my hometown so it was a good feeling he made the team
the tillbury hawks but he soon discovered that he couldn't be considered a real hawk until he'd
been through an initiation party i can remember the coach saying that well he's gonna get to know us
better and you know we're gonna have some fun and you know it's i thought it just give good time i
get to know more the players more better and you know you're you're fifteen yeah what is it what's
a good time mean to the fifteen year well just to get around you know meet the players you know
play cards or you know just stuff like that watch tv or something he said that they would they
be staying there overnight because they they didn't want anybody driving home that was drinking and i
you know the my kind of assumption both out was i thought i knew there was some older players
there and i kind of figured that's sort of what it was about i didn't really give it a second thought
i know when i came home with my wife we felt pretty good about it you know like it was a pretty
reassuring meeting is my first experience ever drinking never had alcohol before but his first
few drinks would leave a lasting impression they played this little uh game of uh the funnel game
i think it was or you know the four beers in and you'd have to funnel it down your throat and
i mean after that i was pretty pretty much wasted the party was here the home of a prominent doctor
was one of the team owners scott was shocked by what went on more so because there were adults
present well they brought two two boys and at once and and made them strip and then all the coaches
and managers and i started air with the lot of action players and there are two beer cops lying
and uh about probably ten ten fifteen feet away from them and they told us to do pushups
with our uh general to go in the beer cup they kept and uh took a marshmallow i remember
he had rubber gloves on and uh he inserted it into the the players rectum and the player would have
to well squat over a cup and try and get it into that cup and if the player missed he got to eat it
out in a room there was like a pocket with a string attached to it paying over a chair with two
hockey sticks in between and uh they'd make the rookie tie the string there's penis and then
all of well a lot of the coaches that shouldn't add it all throw pucks in a pale so this uh the pale
was hanging on the end of the string yeah there's no pucks in the pale yeah
a little weird yeah the worst part like what i saw was uh the string and they're sitting on uh
one of the other rookie space and i that just is uh disgusting with nothing with nothing uh
this is Mio Rogeri mixed is five sixty two a
now
The U.
Yuh!
Chitty's got a gun!
There's nothing like having a forever straight hair.
You're like a young man again!
Say you know how to handle that, right?
Of course.
And I tell you what, yeah.
Let's do it up.
And you walk that way.
And we'll surround the Wastgoly Web.
It's all okay.
See that hairy tail on the site?
We're going to Wastgoly Web.
Bird.
Merry one every way.
Oh, by way.
I'm going to have my show.
Keep your mouth shut.
You know, maybe Herrick could get that face transplant.
What do you think?
He can afford it.
There you go.
1249 at QAAM.
So there's the a new bokeh Brian Discus.
And there it's in the slide.
And also, wow, what a pile of stuff he sent me.
I gave him all this stuff.
I must have been laying around down there because I see my hand writing on it.
Jackie Wilson, Bobby Diren.
Right.
Right.
Those are the discs that he made for you that I asked you about.
Then I left there.
Right.
And Silent Never Coming in that building again.
It's a name of a thing.
Somebody said a little bit of anything interesting.
Thank you.
We got Wastgoly A.J.
Did he pass you there?
$80.
Yes, right.
Give it away.
Slide 54.
That's right.
Well, but Harrison.
And I'm even mad.
I ain't here for you.
I'm not enough people to live.
Yeah.
I would have thought that it would be a little thanks to whoever who is this Chuck.
Is that what that says?
I don't know.
Yeah, Chuck, that's somebody CKW who gave it to me in our air checks.
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen, you're listening to Duke Robert CK.
The
one-on-one
That's a big eight.
Glad it's not with the most out stuff.
In fact, by Mike better get ready because there might be some good jingles on these.
Look out there.
Yeah, look out my mind.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 and leave a rising signal to the right of the sign.
The only good thing about today is Zip-Flaw and really fast.
I don't know why because I'm ready to kill somebody, but it's Zip-Flaw and really good
and fast.
Yeah, just like I'm going to zip out of here.
And that's a good thing about going down there to get the discs.
Have you an old dress put on my shoes?
Just so I'm ready to hop up out of here at 2 o'clock and see Jews guys tomorrow.
Hey, well let me ask you, do you want me to take off that story and just put up a link
to the raw story?
Well, let me ask you this.
Is it possible to have both?
Yes, sure.
Well, then why would you want to take it off of there?
Like I said, I just want a link.
We'll do both.
Okay.
I just, I don't understand why this is such a project, you know.
You just, you got the man scared.
He wants to make sure that he's doing the right thing.
Oh, yeah, I got somebody scared.
Yeah, right.
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Clarex got you all upset and now you're taking it out on poor Josh.
Well, you're going to start with Terrence.
You're going to start with Peter Mosturizi who's telling us before before they show this
morning.
I'm documenting it.
Why should I not have shut you up?
What?
Yeah.
I don't want to put your view it over here.
Yeah, exactly.
That's good.
You just wait, man.
Your day is coming when you're like this.
I know.
The documentary on the perils of Runaway Capitalism that spotlights Walmart screened at the
Berlin Film Festival of this past weekend.
And interest among European distributors and TV network has been strong.
The feature-like documentary focuses on working conditions at the US retail giant and argues
that the company treats its employees shavily in pursuit of maximum profit.
Absolutely.
Walmart is the poster job for the worst and corporate behavior US director Robert Greenwald
said in an interview after his film, Walmart, the high cost of low price, screened away
large and appreciative audience.
But it is not only Walmart, it is these issues that affect all of us around the world
he be saying.
Walmart based in Bentonville, Arkansas has criticized the film by saying it's not an accurate
portrayal of the company.
Let's be clear about Mr. Greenwald's intent.
It is not to present an accurate portrayal of Walmart to retailers in a statement last year.
It's a propaganda video, pure and simple, designed to advance a narrow, special interest
agenda.
It must be that homosexual agenda.
Greenwald's film which has sold 110,000 DVDs since November and has been shown in a limited
theatrical release in the USA was set to be...
Yeah.
Does that something they did in the other room there?
I'm going to go check that out again.
Green on a button, probably.
Hey Neil, if you can hear us, we can't hear you.
Check your buttons.
In the meantime.
It's hard to bear a store worker, John Fanzza and the firm, film.
Greenwald reports that wages and property values fell when Walmart came to town.
Images of boarded up shops accompanied by haunting Bruce Springsteen songs deliver a powerful
message about the existence of capitalism, one that scares many Europeans.
Walmart is sucking down standards around the world, including interviews with ex-Walmar
man, he was in poise during detailing for three of the staff.
Like I said, you better watch it, Mr.
You're a cutting-in and out for what it's worth.
What do you mean by that?
Not only that, but apparently the audio going back to you was cutting-in and out too.
No.
But you hear me say, hey Neil, we can't hear you so...
No, I did not hear that.
Well, I must have cut out.
So...
Was that why you were playing the music?
Exactly.
Oh, I thought you were trying to hear that story for what it's worth.
You didn't hear any of this story about the Walmart?
We heard the beginning of it.
I think we're good now.
I don't know what was going on.
The line was dropping.
Probably a Todd Dreckage back there, stomping on the phone line in the back in the
van the engineering room.
I wouldn't know it.
It's probably a pochkin around with crap.
Then that's the kind of appreciation I get.
As opposed to even thank you up yours, ain't that...
No, nothing.
Just nothing.
Don't darken my door again Todd.
I'm going to say to that no matter whose purse rings are apron strings or whose skirt
you're hiding behind or pantaloons just do not darken my door again.
You quizzling, you idiot, you...
You're fair.
Yeah.
Because after all that's what WQM is all about.
It used to be all about Greg, but now he's gone.
All that shenanigans that was going off, that's all gone.
At least, well, at least some of it.
So now it's all about Todd.
In fact, we're changing the call letters from WQM to WTOD.
Todd Radio.
Remember Bobbi Todd with the Pimpley Bies?
See you in the back here.
Steve Cowdell with the WTOD Act Jackpot with $108.
That's right, give it away.
By Dickie Borne and Scott Reagan, he is Wilbert Harrison.
We just got through it here in Wilbert.
I don't want to hear no Wilbert Harrison, okay?
I mean, thanks for the thing, ladies and gentlemen.
Love each.
No, don't.
See KLW.
See.
Who?
Oh, Clark is a pig.
This is Todd Riverview here.
It's one of Clark's Detroit.
Are you ready?
I guess not.
I'm so good.
It's red.
You're on a cellarator Saturday night, you.
You just got to go out.
I'm a pig.
I'm a pig.
I'm a pig.
I'm on news.
See KLW.
The cigarette is not going to stop now.
Two old trees.
The KLW is like, you know, this is Dick Todd Riverview.
I'm not playing your favorite song.
I'm going to Saturday night, you look beautiful.
It's winter.
It's two five.
It looks sick, sick, sick.
Detroit.
You're not eight, eight, eight, two, two.
Who's solid gold about Patrick's butt?
It's the day I'm out.
What a talk-up, huh?
I absolutely want to pee.
Oh, I agree with that.
Wow.
By the way, when Zepho coming back.
This is Neil Roger.
Don't you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments?
Like that one-to-two-hour.
Hi, this is Clay Aiken.
Thank you for making my new single, The Number One Song in America.
Yeah, girls, listen.
Yes, we all have our moments, our difficult times,
when our little friend comes to visit.
I know what you're thinking.
Clay, is it true?
Do you have menstrual cramps like us?
Why, of course I do.
And that's why the maker of America's favorite muscle relaxer and pain killer has asked me,
America's favorite T-C, to endorse the all new American My Dog.
American My Dog.
For those times you feel bloated, you're cramping, and you feel just downright bitchy.
You know, when you're well, you're Aiken.
American My Dog endorsed by me, Clay Aiken, the guy gal who finished second to that no-town at Ruben's Stutter.
And you know, I still can't believe you people voted him as your American Idol.
I mean, I had no idea.
There were so many fat loser people out there who could operate a damn phone.
I mean, what?
Did all of you call from the pay phone at the audience?
You can eat buffet place?
I mean, really.
I had no idea what's going on.
American My Dog.
For those times when life seems a little unfair, you only as directed.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned.
And they just wanted to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends for?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, it means...
What does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody.
Everybody has best friends.
I mean, if they have any friends at all, sure.
It has to do with the fraternity.
And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on.
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two best friends.
One is straight, one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them.
I've never seen either one of them naked.
And we're having any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay.
Don't take showers with them.
Don't stat towels at them.
All right.
In the fraternity house, we don't socialize by...
...shows together.
If a guy takes a shower, and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower as well.
It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations of fraternities and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you're in the age of adolescence, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you.
Would I say like you?
I mean, they like the same interest they play, but they sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why,
become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend,
or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming an actual experience is, no, well, it could be two guys on a girl,
it could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience, sexual or non-sexual, they're relevant.
No, no, it's not. It's not irrelevant at all.
Of course, it is not.
No, it is not. When you're in a fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have friends.
Sure, because you have a best friend, or a bunch of good friends, doesn't mean a,
that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And B certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Or can I, you know, have a group sector with them?
Do you, you know, some of the, I belong to a health club, and in the health club that I belong to,
it's a completely heterosexual health club.
Yeah.
But the shower is a shower with, with six thoughts on it.
Now, do you think that I'd become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys
and then go take showers?
I have no idea.
You can answer that question.
Okay.
I will tell you this, there are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point.
That's beside the point.
Me personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity, even health clubs.
I do not go and join the fraternity.
No, we believe you.
Don't sound offensive, we believe you, yeah.
The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question of how much sex works.
What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a full-time mother.
What is the point of making the mother?
What is the point of making the young kids good-naked?
I'll tell you exactly what it is.
I'll tell you, I'll give you a grace for more than a fraternity.
Please.
That's right.
When you belong to a fraternity, and I'll say it again, you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
So why does that require them getting naked for you?
Let me finish.
Part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with,
whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with,
if you share intimate moments, not sexual moments.
That's sexual.
When I think intimate, I don't mean sexual.
I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who's not your friend.
For example, this sounds so faggy to me that even I'm a biris for you, sir.
You want to know what it is?
Sounds very faggy to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys.
You can't experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you make your friends.
Why would you run?
Why would you run?
Because I'm a birch naked with a bunch of guys.
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on.
Hazing is not a question of you wanting.
You don't have a choice.
Right.
Because one day, and why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their clothes off my, my clouded friend?
That hangs out at the showers at the gym.
Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal?
On an everyday experience, people do not have an opportunity to walk around naked.
Nor do they speak to you.
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop with the small screen.
Stop with the theme and the steam bath.
Okay.
Let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see it make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
It's a matter of respect.
Respect for what?
No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you.
It's a matter of lack of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves
and embarrass and humiliate themselves in order to be part of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this, okay?
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
A child could tell you if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass.
There's a good message for all your kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked hands,
then be in Turkey and think of who they are and if they want
to fight a hurricane on top of their sea,achleagating,makes a fight,
7 and 10, Boston Good TV, or Boston Bad TV.
I was speaking to your Vice President,
all the way first there to take some calls.
QAM, hello.
Hi, yeah, how you doing?
This guy's never going to admit that he's a classic queen.
Yeah, that's for damn sure.
Yes, yes, yes.
I don't know what to say.
His greatest experience is running naked on the beach
with his fellow frat guys.
Hi, thanks.
You're all the time.
All right, dear.
Thank you.
Okay.
Wow.
I guess that guy's taking it.
Anyway, you can.
What?
Easy, I heard.
Oh, WQYM, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a answer.
Thank you for the fine entertainment.
Listen, last week or so, you were on one of your balls.
You had somebody that killed the most,
something, something, and pushed the second.
What was the title of that place?
WQYM, did you like this like the most?
Okay, thank you, sir.
Yeah, good day.
You're welcome.
That's right.
What was the title of that thing?
Oh, God, heaven help us.
I'm like, my mind is just swimming, you know?
It's kind of murky here.
I'll look kind of out of my old side.
Let's give it another one in Toronto Weather Reports.
Yeah.
By the way, definitely me alone already.
Will you please?
How are we told him that Harold's story turns out
to be another sliced job by that Mark Fisher?
His ass is grass.
He's a dead man.
Oh, but I know wonder.
You know what the temperature is here now?
I don't know, 78.
Is that good or bad?
40, freaking.
That's the 15th of February.
What are you talking about?
The normal high is like 28.
Okay.
It's 45.
It's not like sunny random.
It was a little murky, but it's warm enough.
You can like toast marshmallows on my...
Welcome.
That too.
How do you like that?
All right.
40, freaking.
Five.
But there's no such thing as global warming.
Just keep that in mind.
I will.
As a matter of fact, I was watching the weather last night,
and they were showing that the...
I don't know any that much about meteorology.
I mean, but they were showing the...
The weather, the currents from west to east.
What do they call the thing?
The jet stream.
See, I had no nothing.
The jet stream is like from straight from west to east right now,
which is one of the reasons that the Arctic air isn't like dipping down.
Not to get too complex.
Right.
Call it Miss Norcross.
But in a sense, the projection of the rest of February is only got like two weeks to go.
13 days, it's a short month.
And then like the projections would begin a march, and their actors show pretty much
a similar pattern west to east, which doesn't allow the cold Arctic air to come zooming down.
How do you like that?
Too much just past pretty much on winter this year here.
Lucky you?
Yeah, lucky you have a single global warming aid all that.
No, that's true.
And plus by the time that everybody is drowning, I'll be dead anyway.
Dominic Q.A. and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I was calling in regards to that initiation thing you guys were going over?
Yes.
I mean, what will happen to all that old-fashioned, you know, beat somebody over whatever, you know,
that running around naked stuff?
Yeah, that's for pansies, man.
Yeah, that is.
That's like gay stuff.
The actual thing is to beat the crap out of these guys and make them bleed and stuff like that.
Exactly, exactly.
Maybe break a couple of bones or something.
Put them in a cache or a couple of bones, man.
I'm not expecting that.
Yeah, tied them to the football post or something and beat them up.
There you go.
That's it.
Until they bleed to death.
And from the uprights until their brain turns to jello, you got it.
Exactly.
Without that running around with underwear on the face.
Yeah, man.
Without underwear.
Yeah.
Exactly, exactly.
That's fooling me.
You're not fooling a hoolioc human.
Never.
All right, Neil.
I'll go with it.
Ask the K-A.
56670560.
They're not fooling him.
And he ain't fooling us all about it.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
That guy was too much.
That you let him out.
He was.
He was.
Who's radio?
That was great radio.
It was almost like radio.
That was.
Why is he going to kill K-A and all the other G-A.
No, no, no, no, no.
Joverization with the left bank and keys on the scat rig and showed tonight recorded backstage.
Too much scat rigging.
Where's Dick Burton?
He's got a great, fantastic music.
Look at it.
The scat rigging is fair.
It's 7-0-4, D-B-D-K and I signed.
I look cold for you tonight, along with the music and things of my gold.
Yeah, good.
Is there anybody else on here who said freaking scat rigging our room?
What's this?
Oh, it's only for me.
It's a bottom button leading to our shadows.
Ladies and gentlemen, you're the thing about some of gold weekend.
C-K-A-W-M-O-D-C.
Oh, right.
Kind of clock at a big eight.
It's got a rigging I go to every day.
More scat rigging.
It's got a special scat rigging.
Where's Jim Jeffries?
How much now?
Somebody will find a no-how.
He's got a hard one after school.
Somebody will find a no-how.
Exactly.
Where's Rodney the Rodney and J. Michael Wilson?
Where's all the really great DJs?
What's his name?
What's his name?
I don't know if you'd like to thank Chuck again.
This is a pretty outlier.
And of course, the quality of the two is pretty.
I probably didn't point it out right off the radio.
No, it didn't sound like he recorded it on the audio.
It does.
It sounds like he recorded it through a strainer.
Sounds kind of like the QA M.
So you can hold on.
I'm going to mention it.
I remember what I used to be in radio.
This is Neil Rogers, introducing the QA M box office presented by Burger King.
This is G.A.L.S.A.
Every Tuesday, the QA M box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida bands.
Thank God the QA M box office on Sport Radio 560.
It was a baby.
QA M.
Neil?
God?
Absolutely.
Anybody here?
Sing your favorite song.
Here is our ancient student for Daran.
He's through a lot of people, but he sometimes get caught.
I've got it for writing Neil Khan.
Anybody here?
Sing good, fresh and dark.
The people around their town.
He's not just thinking they should be for his Daran.
He's been a shower with his son.
He first advised us what the White House is capable of.
For it is Christian to know what's best for you and me.
Averamon, that's great.
He was in some people.
In the word duty anybody here.
Please say to Tom Delaney,
Gordish Delphin, Cocktail Hoist.
You heard?
These kind of signs have been gone and can't be why.
Averamon, doubt him and Tom.
I'm looking and I'm trying to find job here.
You put a nice convenient link.
You just click it there and you go right to the raw story.
However, I'll notice that whoever put these in here,
or whoever released them.
Because you really don't know where they originally put in the blackouts.
They were looking too carefully.
The second picture from the bottom.
Were they having a pile of arachies there?
I could be just my imagination.
I'm not looking to see that.
It looks to me like there are a couple of digits.
See what I'm saying?
You don't have to look too closely.
I think it will pop right on.
A couple of things that they missed.
Those are feet.
No.
No, two of them are feet, but the one on the bottom middle.
That ain't a foot.
That might be 12 inches, but it ain't a foot.
That's my point.
Anyway, there you go.
That will probably stimulate a lot of these closet queens.
There's some crap guys can get.
Maybe all that guy was running naked on the beach with his buddies there.
The whole fraternity is probably checking those pictures.
Maybe that's all this is.
That could be it.
There you go.
If they want to get to micro-c,
they can get old.
They can join the elves and the American Legion and the BFW.
They can go drink a lot of booze and play cards.
Sit around with them.
Silly has hats on.
That's just a wonderful thing.
56670560,
Palm 560 and leave a ride.
I'm starting to wonder who the real barbarians are.
They never killed any of us.
They never killed nobody.
They never took any American right.
They did all these things.
All of these things.
Right.
They just started to wonder.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil, did you see the picture of this broad chain he was with?
Where do we find that?
Huffington Post has it.
Do they?
I use the word broad advisedly.
She looks like a tranny to me.
Monica is ten times more doable than this broad.
Wow.
That says it all.
I guess there were actually two.
There's a couple of stories on the Huffington Post.
I guess there were two women on this little excursion.
But the one who was supposedly with Cheney at the time,
the other one was the car.
It was like something.
I guess just stating by just in case she was needed, right?
Yeah.
We check out the picture and we'll talk before you eat lunch.
I'm on it right now.
Okay. Thanks, Pallee.
All right, miss.
Okay.
tension slared.
Winehouse.
Over Cheney shooting the Huffington Post.
There is a big headline.
I'm looking.
Let's see.
Probably got a click on that story, wouldn't you think?
I'm pretty good at that.
I can't find it.
But I'm looking.
I'm looking for that picture.
No, I don't see it. I see the article about the guy with a heart attack. That's
yet. That's old news, man. That's yesterday's news. Let me take a puke at it.
What happens is, don't you know if her father was being taken to the hospital a bit more?
That's got to cute. But I mean, but I don't see it to you. No. We needed more information
from that guy. Yeah, I don't see at all. Maybe it was yesterday on the Huffington Post.
Anyway, I'm sure inquiry minds out there will scour and come up. Come up with a picture of this
a bitch. I mean, this fine lady. So that it kind of sounds like elements
that you have to quit it all over again, you know. I mean, what would be the other reason why they want to
cover it up? I mean, it's embarrassing, but don't bring your business nosey. Why do you hate America?
Right. It's an accident, but nevertheless, if he's there with some broad that's not his wife on
his hunting trips, which is probably most likely. You know, it's like Prince Philip in England,
who's got some bimbo in every port. So they say, and then he want to come back to England.
The Queen can't get about his bed. He's just a hornial coot. Hornial Nazi, I guess.
5, 6, 7. Oh, I guess I don't know. He's not really one of them. Is he?
Not that we really care about them. He's not. No. He's not one of the Batonburgs.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pop ward is another scandal brewing man. He's a big scandal coming with your vice president.
And it's been a, there may be some shooting going on, but wasn't just with the gun.
WDQ, why am I? Hello? Yeah, good afternoon, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir.
I got, I got one for today's board, but I have to move over to you don't support it. I said, what about a guy who was a man crush?
You know, like a man dog on Kirby's always talk about man crush? Yeah, I like Tom Brady, young.
You're right. Our guy who was born. Our guy was clear and near polish.
And I'm about a phone call earlier. I'm glad that phone call is made because I know my son is listening.
I'm son. If you ever come home and send me you are going in a fraternity, I'm going to kick your ass.
Excellent. Good job, pal. Okay. Okay. You got to send him bird hunting bird doggan.
5670560, pond 560 and a Verizon singular wireless line. WDQ, why am hello?
Who knew how you doing? Okay. Listen, I know I've come to the conclusion that we absolutely don't want.
We can't handle the truth. When I see the way the story is being spun, I mean it's obvious that people, they want a fairy tale.
I mean, if you had jokers off with the chini of first to shoot somebody and nobody would care, we'd allow for you.
It's true. Nobody cares. And then they said that this trouble for the guy's heart and gave him a mild heart attack.
I think Arlen, wait a minute. I think Arlen Spector is working on a deal where he's been at the same magic bullet that went through Kennedy and John Conley in 63.
I think the bullet that Kennedy traveled to his brain. It was in Texas. You know, it's unbelievable.
I think they're all drunk and having a Yahoo World tournament. They're trying to suffer.
Are you mad? You got. And peach their ass right now. Okay. That's what I say.
Although it looks to me like in soldiers over there, they have just a really gay old time.
Yeah, well, those are. You look at that stuff and it's just so sick and I just can't imagine why the world hates America like you always do.
And you just just boggling my mind. I'm going to imagine how straight people would concoct such scenarios.
I see. And of course in the military is that don't ask don't tell. I guess not too many people are asking no more. Well, they don't have the question.
Is your girlfriend there? Lindy Lindy Lindy England? How should you do it? She looks awfully much to me. I guess she was just doing everybody.
You know, she can like equal opportunity sluts. She was spreading it around. Did she have a baby yet?
Kind of spreading it around like we used to have in certain parts of our building there. You know what I mean?
26 after one at QAM. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516.
Absolutely want to put.
Yeah, this is already pulling it here a little more on it. It is broadcast in the live from the Olympics here in the Torino.
On the wide world of the Dolores turning me hit the elisper radius. I'll break it. Yes. I'll be interjecting a delightful mixture of humorous comments and music.
Yeah, I can ask that finalists are at lightning up for the duty duration competition.
When it gets done, boys, can wash his hands and wins a medal pretty exciting stuff over here.
Torino and I once had a Ford Torino.
Yeah.
That's that. And Portley fellow is out already. Yes. I stand before you now and give that guy a number two.
Or is it that you sit down for number one? I could never even pop. Now we go from the loop to the loop.
Yeah, you get it. It's a clue. And what we have here from the lift to the right of your video screen is a bunch of men.
It's like not the snow on top of each other. Yeah, it's how unexciting this is to why not like my show.
Oh, what do you mean? This is having exciting.
God, fine. I'm getting a check for this. As I said, this is so exciting. I think we should join in.
Shall we?
What is this? No one's talking about something like this?
Yeah.
Here drops the curve.
Oh, I thought I was wearing the first.
I'm flying.
132.
132.
132.
I'm looking on you again. Okay. Kind of a coward too.
Spineless yellow coward. Kind of fits right in there with the yellow.
So there's a picture of this guy. I mean woman. Oh, it just wait. Good.
One other was I got to see it. I could do it in the break. I guess.
Well, this is a very important thing, man. See the little town.
Go look. I just wanted to get that out there.
Golden Township, Michigan.
You better watch it, mister.
A man with shot an injured one is hunting partner. Mr.
His elbow for a squirrel authority said.
You see he's picking on a four vice president. There's a lot of people out there with that eyesight.
Michigan State Police said George Arthur Sikanga.
Not Heisinga. Sikanga, 64 of Muskegon, was wounded Sunday morning in Golden Township in Michigan's west central lower Penicilla.
Sikanga was wearing camouflage clothing, sifre and orange hat, which he had covered with a hood.
After sitting down behind a tree, the Muskegon Chronicle says,
his clothe elbow was all that was visible of him when his friend Gregory Scott Wood approached from behind the tree.
He saw that orange stand by the bed. There you go.
And fired his weapon with the letting's and daily news described as a 17 caliber rifle.
Sikanga was transported to a local hospital where his treated and released.
Police are investigating the shooting.
You're like that.
Alright. His left elbow was sticking out.
17 caliber.
Yeah.
Say I want to say more, a lot of people look at them pictures on a website.
I could barely get on that damn thing.
So in other words, you emailed me that thing.
You didn't want to fax me. The picture would probably be as good as that.
Well, no, it wouldn't. It's a color picture. It's a very nice thing.
Oh, it's in full color. No, it's just a...
Open up the link and...
I'll open it up.
Army accepts crime and recruits.
Ready for this? That's how desperate they are to find anybody stupid enough to win this right now.
Somebody who's like suicidal would be good.
Sure.
Struggling to boots and trance in wartime.
The army has sharply increased the number of recruits who would normally be barred
because of criminal misconduct or booze and legal drug problems.
Once again, raising concerns that the army is lowering its standards to make its recruiting goals.
This is in the Baltimore Sun.
A lot of them proved the situation in the prisons over there.
Right.
Oh, yeah, they should have a really good time over there now.
Last year, almost one in six army recruits had a problem in their background.
They would have disqualified them for military service in order to accept them.
The army granted specific exceptions known as recruiting waivers.
Well, those are the people of the recruiting station.
Everybody goes by the wave. Like with the limperist?
Mm-hmm.
Recruits with medical problems made up to the largest single category of those given waivers.
However, the largest increase was among recruits with this to be either criminal conduct or drug and booze problems
according to that are provided by the army.
They like that.
Despite the increase in the proportion of those accepted with problems in their background,
in spite of all that, the army still failed to meet its recruiting target.
74,000 recruits short last year.
Well, there you go, Jai.
Instead of worrying about Bob from Muthin, this one and that one all the other, you know,
interesting stuff going on there.
Now go on down and sign up, baby.
That'll work really hard.
In fact, you could be right up there on top of that pile.
Maybe you'll go up to that pit.
Maybe Dufford likes to volunteer.
Look kind of like right up his alley to me.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
What a hoot.
How many QIMs?
Yes, sir.
Is this QIM?
This is us.
You guys, I just wanted to make a comment to Neil.
Go right ahead, you're speaking to him.
Oh, hey, yeah.
Did anybody notice that that collar sounded a little bit like I were a winderman?
Now they imagine it.
And you notice we don't hear Iron no more.
We got Pat Roddy in his place.
And don't you think that the windman would love to run naked on the beach with Miami Heat?
It wouldn't surprise me, especially with, yeah.
Just just a comment.
I heard that Iron's favorite song was hanged on your head Tom Dooley.
I could be wrong about that.
Yeah, that one picture, boy, they sure missed something pretty obvious.
I mean, it kind of like popped right out front of me.
You know, I looked at it.
Even you noticed it.
Uh-huh.
I mean, I'm a luster guy.
Now it's possible that guy's got three feet.
It's possible, but not likely.
Although I looked at it a couple of times, it only looks like one foot to me.
Actually, okay.
Half a foot.
Calm down.
Restrain yourself.
It's hard.
Yeah.
If he was tap messing with me.
What is the gaiest thing is so called straight guy can do.
We got how many votes?
A lot of votes.
1300 and almost 1400 during the show, baby.
And not that we didn't have a head start.
I think we're going to have a head start with a cartoon.
Sarah's probably working feverishly on it with three pages of stuff.
I've asked him.
He's probably not too happy with me.
Cartoon.
What?
We got cartoon characters.
I mean, with the cartoon characters.
Oh, it's already got it on there.
All right.
This man is unbelievable.
He is just shocking, even while alien.
Yeah.
Feel better, Eric.
Feel this.
What is the gaiest thing a so-called straight guy can do?
Kissing of the guy?
285.
Where a thong at the beach.
174.
I just got to check one more time because I'm just in shock.
What's going on here?
And maybe that's not as significant to you.
Yeah, still it's 45.
And it's only like 1.30 and half known.
If it's 45 now, it may get like close to 50 by the time we're through with us.
What do you know?
How do you like that?
Kissing of the guy 265.
We're a thong at the beach.
174.
Make it fraternity hazing 174.
We're a short short, 75.
Guys with navel or tongue piercing, 66.
Where a fanny pack or bag bag 55.
Listen to NeoRouges 53.
No question.
Get a manicure or pedicure 53.
Hold a small dog while driving 51.
Tie a sweater on the neck 48.
Watch Bear Ass Mountain 45.
Highlight your hair 42 with just a few streaks.
Hope Democrats 28.
Ass Laughing 27.
Like musicals 24.
Use bodywashed 23.
Shaving your body here 20.
Where thumb rings 20.
Guys who like cats 19.
Where pink shirt 17.
Watch soap operas 14.
Watching figures getting 11.
Going to Michael Jackson concert 11.
Going to the gym 10.
Plucking their eyebrows in the eye like Andy Rooney needs to do.
Boys who like a guy who like McCulloch Galkin 9.
Write a scooter of Ethel 9.
Where are ladies watch 9.
Where in colored contact lenses tinted 6.
Write a 10 by 5.
Where green on Thursday 5.
Where bracelets 3.
Write a movie 2.
And by your Carpenter CD.
Solomon Thaeuno Karen is so proud.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
Sixty two eight.
This is 5.
Sixty two eight.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
This is 5.
I don't see you liking that movie.
I don't see you liking that movie.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
A fighting soldier told a lie.
A never been between his thighs.
I don't care what he might claim.
I've never done a great variety.
I hate to sound so cliche.
I've never gone the back door way.
Let me say men are good by faith.
But I've never done a grimble ray.
You've ferret.
Yes, Clay, Ike and to I have.
And I've never touched a military man town.
Though I've used my trouser snake.
I've never done a grimble ray.
I swear I've never done a grimble ray.
All right.
Don't worry about green tomorrow, by the way.
But, good idea.
So, RJ Escal writes that you see this story and having them post-beacon plan?
Which one?
I read a copy.
Can you check the real story emerges?
I was looking at it.
Yeah.
The real story is emerging already.
If you wanted to do a little digging, can you and winning ten went hunting with two women?
Not their wives.
There was some drinking, winning ten wound up shot.
I don't have time to read the whole thing.
I already sent it along.
At Kat's and armthong, she was the broad necar.
She said she saw can you security detail right in toward the scene.
The first thing we crossed, my mind was she had a heart problem, she told the AP, meaning a can you of course.
In other words, she didn't see the accident.
Oliver statements were complete with colorful side bars about getting peppered pretty good.
He had the false impression she was in eyewitness, she was not.
And Dr. David Blanchard, who made the light of Woodington's injuries, come to find out.
He's a vice chairperson of World Hope International, like Christian Evangelical Aid Group.
So, Cheney was drinking, was Cheney drinking?
Was there anything inappropriate about the hunting parties?
A lot of good stuff in here, okay?
Then, then, then, as the beat goes on.
Nobody's coming up next to, scratch yourselves in.
Bye, bye, bye!
