Oh yesterday was a glorious day was it yes why is that how to good day how good
not me what happened to you yesterday how to good day Saturday and get most of it
back yesterday well yeah I had the machine in the coma position yeah not good
machines mom it's the way it goes I'm gonna take a rest from that crap for a
while I'm pretty burned out on it's boring I don't know play me getting ready to
go away anyway for a couple of weeks not soon enough your boy clearance
says stuff in our studio this morning we don't want him in there go away
clearance deal with the sports issues okay deal with your little playground
buddies he's barred he is barred from our studio anyway they're having a
nervous breakdown about Ricky Williams here man they're all whipped up into
friends you think that this was Jesus on skates man that is making a list
article Toronto star this morning I'm just read a couple of paragraphs you
an idea how emotionally are about this how austroc he touched his palms to
his shoe tops like it was no tour he touched his head it was knee and effortless
hurtler's pose and for the peace to resist on Williams real off a series of
running high kicks there were straight leg it ends stunning a little more
aggressive and impressive than the similar work of his teammates he looked like
Bruce Lee among the Rockets when the clubs brain trust trust introduced him on
Sunday they build up as a running back just short of Messianic calling him a
role model for the young populace and a servant of civilization what and
he's special enough that he might be the only professional athlete on a small
plan to his sworn off the cell phone Williams who also revealed that he'll
find time in his schedule to teach yoga during his Toronto tenure said yesterday
he hadn't heard from any of his teammates in the dolphins because they have
no way of contact I mean I have a cell phone I guess it's against his well
there's something for you to do you can sign up for yoga oh there you go supposed
to be great yoga yoga you know what you're going to say to the over till it's
over it's like me and clearance our relationship is over by the way the water
Nazis leaving today got a breathless email from your general manager yesterday
while I'm sitting at Woodvine oh tomorrow's Phyllis is last day you can do a
whole show whatever after I called him and just railed for 50 minutes on a
Friday afternoon about all the kinds of things and he but a beep that it will
in so his responses to send me an email that the water Nazis leaving well they
went ahead and did it yesterday what's that they went ahead and did that remote
yesterday oh I know that oh he didn't know anything about that by the way
yeah they went ahead and did it because we told him to do it so that George and
Josh could get off a couple hours early I mean what a week here we don't have a
regular lineup anyway and then of course I see all week long we are oh my god
the human cold sore between two and four wow that is scary human colds yeah the
human chanker the chanker rhymes with anchor so about the last two minutes
the Charlie Gibson on ABC News last night boy they are dreaming another old
funny-duty with the tiny mouth and wrinkled up lips strange guy he was pretty
good he was a fixture on Good Morning America well who now watches that who
watches those morning shows anyway which is silly as housewives same people
are watch Oprah watch that crap god see they keep saying well you know
America the people who watch the news even the young people which are none of
them what said news anyway but assuming that they did they watch their news from
an older person someone they can trust they don't realize that we're
Walter Krontite went on here he was a young guy people like Ralph Redneck people
watched him for 30 years on here he didn't start out as a daughtering old fart
you know just like us when we went on here we didn't start out as 80-year-old
old fart so with a walker in a colostomy bag right right and people grow up with
him and he stick with it because people like consistency which this day
they trust you that's right they like Krontite hotly and prickly they start out
they were young guys and people watched him for 20 years and then we would
news people build a trust for right and then they're talking about Bob Sheeper
while CBS's numbers are what are they talking about man have you ever watched
him my god he's got I think he's got Andy Rooney's eyebrows grown out of his
hair out of his ears man well talk about an old toad people don't want to watch
grandpa fumbling his way through the news and to say a hokey okey dokey things
on here nobody wants to see that but nevertheless I'm gonna stick with the
Brian Williams even though I can't stand looking at him he's bizarre it's got
like two sets of bottom teeth in his head is like he look he looks like he was in
that movie the what the hell is that movie about the spaceship landing oh so
many of them yeah it's something of a third kind or whatever yeah no they
close encounters no that was that movie with that Richard dry face that was about
spaceship landing the I know can't stand him either go back in the yard and
keep digging Richard and dig a deep hole and jump into it so if I was to make up a
list of people I don't want to hear about any more Ricky would be right there
really who cares well here'll be back though he'll be back at the I don't care
only here for one year you know it could as if there was any doubt the Canadian
football league is a joke the fact that they don't recognize they don't respect
the the rules of the NFL players that are barred or suspended they don't
recognize that so they can play the CFL it's a joke it makes a mockery of it so
you can have the worst slime ball in the world and as long as they can
hopefully draw a few extra asses in the seats that's what they'll do and by
the way speaking of asses in the seats they announced 7,683 yesterday for the
Giants at PP Park Norma can't call me from the ballpark and you he said there
were more people in the right field stands than were behind home plane there
were like 3,000 people there there was a lot yeah I was there and the fact is
that he had some nerve to hit that home run on Sunday so it took whatever
significance there might have been about him being in town away so who cared you
know I thought it was great good nice going very you jackass now I like him
just for that boy you I'm telling you that David Samson's got a good point man
you're responsible for the fact that failure of this franchise yeah right not
the fact they got a bunch of little leaders out there has nothing to do with
David's your fault yeah Hank destroyed I can just see the headline now Hank
chases Marlon Zadamani that'll be the headliner buries column yeah I cut the
payroll down to 14 million well pass over where they're going today they leave
Virginia even New York they got baseball team in Geneva yeah they got a baseball
team of the table the I don't know if they're still there the the table of
pirates actually broadcast couple of the table of pirates ball games at WBT and
Batavia 1963 can you believe that I like that and Jean Baker was the manager
I believe remember Jean Baker yeah I do yep second basement I do yeah I like
that what a memory I think he was second based to boy I was a long time ago
yeah what I was doing before Jesus was an infant was Dick Groat the
shortstop then now Dick Groat let's see Mazoroski was the second based on one
Groat with shortstop and Don Hoke was a third and Dick Stewart was
platooning with Rocky Nelson at first you know what show they they show on
trying to think of what channel that is just one moment plays out today it's the
classic classic ESPN well yeah you know you know ESPN guy the classic channel and
they show the old home run Derby shows you ever watch those I used to remember
you I'm talking about yeah that was the corny is showing you know there was no
crowd or anything they had this bogus announcer sitting up there and it's Dick
Stewart against Richie Allen you know whoever the hell it was and they did it
did it some ballpark in Florida did they yeah well let's find out where that one
is maybe the Marlins can play there yeah Dick Stewart for having thought about
him he was on it this weekend that's why it came to mind he kept it in
round balls doctor strange glove I don't think he's with us anymore is he
dead and don Hoke had a little problem there yeah I'm too close to his head oops I
was like Don Hoke and do how about Richie Hebner did he die I hope not I don't
know do you know that he um he was an undertaker not an undertaker but he
worked in a cemetery as a kid Richie Hebner I remember Richie Hebner sure
fact I think somewhere in here oh well I wouldn't have be something if I had
that Bob Prince thing in here do we have that in there George which one the
Bob Prince thing would it be under Bob Prince no base would be under baseball
oh geez would that be a shame if I don't have that I know it's in here somewhere
but I'm not gonna find it what a shame no no we don't have it or I don't have it
on the baseball huh I don't know what to look under oh boy that's a shame
I'm already tasted up no I don't if you play Barney tasted up I'm gonna play
that when we play La Alfa year last week what that was that one oh Mom
Madonna Madonna farting up the storm I'm gonna play that better watch it
you're gonna eat yourself joy so baseball fever now I can't find it anything now
I'll find it maybe it's under here he carry I doubted dammit anyway Bob
Princeton really I got a Richie Hebner home run against and you know you know who
the right fielder was for the Giants that day very bomb Bob Bobby bonds now
there was a player Bobby bonds he was in right field I believe so and you know
they showed the picture of Barry Bond the stuff Bobby bonds played center but
well whatever the hell wherever he was maybe was in right center field of
home run but anyway they showed the picture of Barry when he was with the pirates
in Toronto starting to wait about 150 pounds and he was like a scrawny kid he was
like skinny I just can't imagine how it maybe he just ate a lot of pasta or
something in fact it said Ricky Williams was easy eating pasta and I forgot I
threw that article away that it just was reading you pasta and some kind of
beans he doesn't get the test it up there either but the NFL will still test them
yeah ten times a month that would be out of a system by the time he gets back
down there one up ten times a month he still has to go for test oh why does he
really yeah ten times a month it's once every three days whatever if my math is
correct boy how's he gonna avoid that what could read up here boy boy you can
smell it on the street corners here well I think I smell some right now
no that's bad at the little of contact highs yeah well he's gonna be busy
teaching the over you know and running high and jumping fast just like any blades
or Brian blades with everyone was Brian blades you don't have time to go to
court he's got to run fast and jump high he's got football to worry about so
about your heat man couldn't care less don't even bring it up we've talked about
it enough today good I'm sure I'm sure it's been filled talk about a one-note
Charlie good God all on the bandwagon man it's what they wait for is what what
bandwagon can we jump on this week they're hungry for a championship here oh
yeah and I'm gonna tell you front running phonies in fact they had not the last
game but the game before that in Carolina they had chunks of empty seats that
that's your front running phonies in Raleigh North Carolina those people would
know a hockey puck from their ass and then all of a sudden we love the hurricane
yeah all out of the crap what a phony bunch of balloon and when they show the
crowd there in North Carolina man those people you talk about mugwomps they
look like distant presence of the banjo boys the beeslies wow strange you ever
see them people in the Joe Bells from Joe Bells from where he worked in Raleigh
yeah well figures I thought that was Chris Jones it worked in Raleigh and two both
oh they worked together there so in other words he brought his buddy down there
with him that's what it's all about I see that's what people in well everywhere
in every business that's what they tend to do they comfort zone you know they
bring their own little personal mafia along with them hey it's like
Facebook managers yeah they bring their whole sport hockey the same thing
so bring all their buddies with them no one to get canned and they all pretty
much get canned at the same time right but there's a reason for any know what I
survive I think the reason in business is the same as it is in sports yeah they
want somebody to watch their back is that what it is yeah or is it just
insecurity the fact that they realize that they're inept and incompetent
I'm Frank Robinson who I know a little bit told me one time that when he got
the managers job and Cleveland they would not allow him to hire his own coach
or his own coaches well they throw they were free to bring a bunch of black
folks in there well he wanted one guy just so he just wanted to hire one coach
yeah who was you know a long time associate of his and the general manager
wouldn't let him do it I'm so glad you mentioned him because what was he
crying about you but you see his preference after he had you out he pulled
his catcher out I know what happened I say showed the clips the catcher was
throwing the ball into right center field I mean like 10 feet over the
second basement or short stops head and he pulled him out and he in the post game
press conference was crying they won the game they came back washed and won the
game eight to five and he was in tears the tears are running out his cheeks
because he pulled a guy out right I don't get that he was upset because he
thought he showed the guy up well I got news for you that's baseball's a
wussy game hockey they pulled a goalie out like Carolina did the other day in the
crying in the base huh it's no crying in baseball but your whosys
like like that oh god I can't take that he'll be on a two today by the way and
then again tomorrow and then again Thursday and I believe let me turn the page
and then again Friday well you know we got to take whoever's available that's
what I was told on Friday we got to put on whoever's available so I guess
nobody else is available I'm thinking I might put in to do two to four one
day just to keep him off the air just stick around just to cut down the
squeak pack you know I just leave for a minute and then come back gotta be an
improvement over I can't talk about sports because I know nothing about that
stuff so now we'll see that it's not this Saturday it's a week from Saturday is
the bell mom right yes nobody cares could be top-point or rating on that one
yeah well good luck to you and you know what it's not a bad race now what what
do you leave in like Tuesday yeah I think I'm gonna work Thursday from the
York really yeah Wednesdays that draw and don't overdo it I won't don't overdo it
well Friday I have shows to do when in doubt lay out I'll be working may you'll be
working someplace else yeah you get in pain and treated like a bench yep that's
good wish I had a deal like that find a little extra moon like maybe I'll go to
work for CFRB I was told a guy that owns that station here just loves me I'm
obsessed with me so I heard 50,000 Watts man CFRB helmet of Brian McFarland show I
think it's on 1010 I had some of the same frequency that wins in New York used to
be yeah see an upstate New York as a kid growing up I used to like C.H.U.M. was
1050 Toronto and also WMGM which then became WHN I think that's the
station your buddy I know I know that remember WMGM he's working there well
whatever it is pretty soon I'll be saying remember that station oh no that's bad
well remember WM I just said that WMGM because it's not that Peter trip the
curly head a kid in the third row was a top 40 station yeah WMGM and WABC
and WMCA I don't have any WMGM jingles though I gotta get maybe blind
Mike and give me some jingles from WMGM and he wants a GL Peter trip for Peola
how come nobody ever offers us any Peola you can offer it any graft never
me neither not a dime what can we do for them I don't know I mean the reason
people well back when we paid off when we had an audience we might have been
able to do something for maybe you move a little merchandise a little s off the
shelf not anymore though that's back in the day and now that I got my iPod I
realized that you know music radio forget about that's all done bye bye done
anybody who listens to the radio for music is is gonna be a retard got to be
an old fogey and older than us if that's possible because it is just done I
mean that with MP3s and iPods and you pods and everything walk man I mean
why do you know you get all the music that you like the iPod that I bought I
can put 7500 songs on there now only got 600 on there so far so what do I need
radio for right yeah yeah gonna write that down I'm gonna one of these days
that's before I croak I'm gonna get back in the radio business well listen have
a great have a great day come steady sure I'll be listening to the for this
afternoon okay don't be taking a nap so I know when you get up early in the
morning sometimes you nappel a bit go through it between two and four I would be
in work to do today yeah yeah what in the racing form I've got some interviews
to tape and I had a very good day yesterday I don't need to play the rest of
a week good excellent there you go I'm glad to hear it wish I could say the
same at one of those days well good for you yeah mama anyway see you tomorrow yep
the music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts guests and
collars and you not reflect those of the bsb broadcast group it's gas advertisers
for a clearance down in my studio and Jack as you please let me hear you fail
for the next day
oh my god your breasts are beautiful
real American a-holes
real American a-holes
we salute you Mr. Guy who still thinks Bush is doing a good job
Mr. Guy is still playing bushes
you come here to work with a smile on your face as you pay $3.78
and sense the gallant and adjust the plastic Jesus on your dashboard
Hallelujah now bushes approval ratings are at an all-time low but you don't care
you're a red stator and broke back mountain never played a fever near you
don't watch properly there there's no such thing as global warming
those sinners in New Orleans cap what they deserve and yes the earth was created
in seven days the war in Iraq is a noble fight and by Gale one day we'll find
those nasty weapons of mass destruction so we salute you Mr. Guy who still
thinks Bush is doing a good job your gas guzzling SUV your two point two children
and your ignorance you are a real American a-hole
amen 1017 at 560 WQ I'm happy day after Memorial Day Tuesday May 30th
stop turning me look at that tomorrow's the last day of make and you believe it
well June 1st man it was like 34 Celsius here yes they're gonna be the same again today
hotter than hell smogular smogular managed smoggy it is so hot and human you could barely
of course you used to that every day so absolutely got my telling people out in Florida
by ten 18 already we're almost ready for the second break hey if you're a cigar smoker
electric dick back with a good premium brand and that he is cigars by Tony Borhane
is for you he's hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed
naged up to ten years but he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small
batch hard to find tobacco but he a gold the flagship line gets a 91 rating by
cigar fishing out of cigar insider and a 9.1 rating by smoked magazine this rich
flavored well balanced full body Nicaragua once a gar got earthy hints of dark
roast coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors also tried to be here to say
the hottest release of the last ten months the decile gets a high rating so
high that even Ricky probably likes it of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar
insider a powerful cigar a big blaster man with complex notes of leather
earth and pepper the finishes long and full bodied with additional spicy note of
charge wood to get yourself 40% off on all behia cigars when you call
just tell me that Neil Rogers and can get 40% off the price call 1 835
behia 1 8035 BAH IA
this is Neil Roger what solid this is 516 QA
I know that the lord even loves Neil Rogers look congratulations get alive
I can tell you can tell by the way she can't hang on to the child she
I see the dog when she's a fondling hammer and let's say you know
he's honest and she's handsome
yeah that's it she's got chocolate and date me away
you must try to understand you might not want to be a fan
she's the another unsurprised little brother he's staying alive
she's a kid who's not using a brain when he's able to say
I was standing there one day not thinking I was dying
from being able to make you the best
I should never eat they don't know I think that was the
truck inside my bowels how can you
I'm trying to think is there something at the end of this that we got a
no leave on no you sure not know what to expect George said it in my
eye with the time that service you can't miss out I would have to leave too
wow whoa if I didn't eat that well I swallow why can't you let me
sit here like if you knew this get it right my bowels were blocked inside my
heart can't make my kids go out
the team to be going around on that family a lot of ill-fated families you know the
Kennedys right and who else what other music groups
oh the parts of family partridge family cancel that they were dead
why that they canceled that show I'm talking about that I'm talking about people
are like dead oh beach boys right oh boy the story don't see Dennis no more won't see Carl
no more right I can hear music that was Carl Wilson to delete on the that fat
Carl Brian Wilson still alive but it's hard to tell actually Mike love was the
lead singer on most of those songs were you worth that I'm sure you say it well
that's good anyway you asked yesterday on our abbreviated show before the big oh
came along solid and let you guys out a couple hours early that's only reason we agreed to
it and your general manager by the way had no idea that that was going on yesterday
that's how out of touch he is he's worried about important things like
Clarence's wardrobe things like that what is the measure of man you asked
yesterday 630 votes on an abbreviated show right how are you going what put it on
it nine in the morning yeah for what it's worth also how did it's an abbreviated
show and on a holiday I'm not knocking the number of votes I just when we give the
result we always give the number okay put it in perspective now we have 589
today and of course all we started this one last night so I got a not that early
though I think about 10 590 590 I thought it was 560 well we're all over the
place some days we splatter some days were like 540 540 we're all around that's
what we have to do to start over modulating pump out about 100,000 watts like
what's the measure of man how honorable he is 404 well that's craft yeah that
was an out I thought I put that on like at the end I'm a much here right away and
that's because they're most of the audiences dishonorable may lie right I hate this
pull lady for how much money he makes 31 that's a good choice mm-hmm how long
it is 31 choice well by the way speaking of that impacted parts it goes to show
you when you hold your parts in too long you want up dying that's right like
Morris Gibb so I think we have a suit choice just based on that she's
jeopardizing our health by making us hold our first pressure that's dangerous
right he got his what how hot is wife of girlfriend is 26 well what is that
mean that's how you measure man by how hot is wife of girlfriend is what does that
say for him I've seen a lot of guys with real hot wives of girlfriends are both
and they look like some stuff I stepped on some time they must have money how many
women he slept with 19 how much pain he can endure 13 well they showed a
thing about what the opus day last night on CNN you see that self-flag
regulation I just have to wear around their waist with those sharp pointed
oh my god
I like people all right how much he can drink 12
I got a Cesar real man he can pack it away like you would right he can
doubt him how tall he is nine how many fights he's one only one so I'm
I would like to fight with one lot of fights but he ain't much of a man
especially with a voice like that he doesn't miss your don't be picking on my
oh and I hear Rocky Marciano he hadn't even higher voice than that he used to talk
like this don't miss with me I'll kick your ass kind of like Winnie Martez 27
past 10 already at 5.60 WDQ I am we got guilty at two mad dog at four Marlins on
decades history those red heart of Orleans who won another home game yesterday
that is shocking Marlins in the Giants at 705 be sure and be there tonight and then
8K follows the baseball game like I said the Humper had great bonds who's the
subject of today's pool he sure had some nerve hitting 715 on the day before
the Giants came to town that's why there was only about 2000 people are last night
Josh was there to see his hero did you go down to his autograph my
friendly chat with Barry now not yesterday I think anybody's ever had a
friendly chat with Barry you're on the night if you love the finer things in life
then you love Stogies boy let us cigar talk these days my amies quintessential
of a cigar shop in candle with South Florida's largest selection cigar Stogies
of candle is sure to have all your favorites Stogies got over a thousand open boxes
of cigars to choose from including Arturo Fuente Pedro and Monte Cristo Romeo
and Julietta act in V.S.G. as well as the obscure and hard to find brands come at the
Stogies today enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest
boutique wines from all around the world joy Stogies every Friday for their
famous wine tasting 5 to 8 pm this week featuring some of the most delicious
for those that France has to offer including the Chateau Mel bot 2000 they
clothe in Luneil 2003 and more however you say that located at one 16 12 North
Kendall Drive and open every day seven days a week or call to reserve a box
your favorite Stogies at Stogies call 305 598 9 820 that's 305 598 9 820 and when you
call say how to marry on the girls get a free cigar today too just for mentioning the fact that you were
alive 305 598 9 820 for Stogies in candle this is Neil Rogers this is 516 Q8
5
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
8
9
8
9
all the time. Some of it might get away from our family. Just a single crap. I mean, who
now wants to hear the same stuff 24-7, you know, over and over. It'll be one thing if it was really
funny and entertaining the first time, you know, and at Series Next M stuff, how are they doing?
Really good? No. No. In the tank, in the toilet, just like Herbie. 625 votes on the pool today.
What's your take on Barry Barnes? But at your risk time, Lee, isn't it? I bet you know what
did you vote for that? I did, yeah. Yeah, idiot. What's your take on Barry Barnes? Without Roy, it's just
another joke that's all he is 182. That's leading the way. He couldn't lick the babe's jock,
116, and that was my vote. Babe Ruth, my ass. His stats are bogus one-away. See, a lot of these are
true. He's good, not great 54. And like the Humper, and I pointed out when he was with the Pirates,
he was a string bean. He weighed 150 pounds. And all of a sudden, he like blew up like somebody put
that old bicycle pump deep inside his recto, a little up like a balloon. Couldn't have been those
Royads could it. I hate baseball 52. He's the greatest 46 quizzlings like Josh,
punks who haven't been around long enough to see great ball players. Guys who didn't see Mickey
Maddler, Willie Mays, or really great ball players play. I hate him, Roger Merris. I hate him 35. I
hate this pool 33. 628 votes. And he liked that. We got 620. And I think we might make that
thousand again today. What do you think? You know it's right after a holiday weekend. Wouldn't that be a
real feather in our craft? That'd be something. So anyway, I made that call on Friday to Joe
Bell for about 45-50 minutes. I will not be making that mistake again. I couldn't remember my dogs.
I remember your dogs, both of them. I could have talked to them and had a more productive. In
fact, I wish tell they were still around because I would come right down there and talk to them for
45-50 minutes and then put them back in the urn or something. A more productive time. Just like
farting into a cyclone, just ridiculous. A rack violence thing 50 lives. Let's get that stuff out
of the way real fast, although there's not a lot of it. At least 50 people by the idea, I think it
was 51. In a series of bombings and ambushes in Iraq, among the dead were two members of a CBS
news crew were killed with a bomb rip through the US military convoy and sent for Baghdad. One US
soldier and Iraqi translator also died in that attack. CBS correspondent Kimberly Dozier was
seriously injured, but I see their sentence more and she'll be okay. My question is, what are
these people doing there? Oh, they're brave and heroic. Is that what it is? What are they doing there?
Making money for the network that they work for. In addition, well, we don't see you very much
live stuff from there, considering they got the satellites there and they got all these
correspondence there in Yadiani. We see very little of the murder and bloodshed. We see a
couple of quick clips here and there and then it comes out of your files. There you go. That's
very well put. We see only what you're supposed to see and probably more than they want.
Anyway, we got... Oh, and look at this. Boych planted fake news stories on American TV. You can't believe
that, can you? No, I don't. Federal authorities are actively investigating dozens of American
television stations for broadcasting items produced by the Bush administration and by major
corporations and passing them off as normal news. Some of the fake news statements talked of
success in the war in Iraq and promoted with companies' products. Investigators from the FCC are
seeking... That's what you ought to be doing at the FCC instead of worried about who's saying
crap on the air and who's saying, me or you're on the Spanish language stations, you ought to be
worrying more about what this kind of stuff. Sickening information about stations across the country after
you're produced by a campaign group detailed, the extraordinary instead of these as such items.
Brainwashing, man. Hitler would be very proud. And I keep thinking back to that horrible thing
last year that annual fart fest, that joke fest that they have, everything's a big joke.
You know, the one at Steven Colbert, where I got all the headlines about this year.
Did they press dinner? The White House correspondent. Right. Press sucked fest.
Right, that's right. Where they all sit around. Oh, we're so sorry.
Just like they do at Rumsfeld's for a news conference, this is the same thing.
Like everything's a big joke. And Bush did that thing about, oh no, no weapons over here,
no weapons over there, and all these all these parents and wives and kids and families,
of all on friends of all these soldiers who were either dead or came back like with body parts
missing. I wonder how funny they thought it was. I keep thinking about that and it just
infuriates the living crap out of me. In fact, speaking of crap, I could have spent that 45,
50 minutes on Friday on the throne and had a much more productive and healthful experience
than talk of your leader, man, your fearless leader. You are listened to the wrong people in that
building, Mr. Bell. You got no clue. You have been there for six months and you haven't got a clue
what's going on in that joint. And you think I give a crap about whether the water Nazis last
day is today. How the hell does she impact my life or Georgia's life or Josh Cordis's life?
How much impact does she have on you guys' lives? Not? Josh? Not too much.
Do it even see her other than when she's lurking out in the hallway with her ear to the door?
Well, which makes changes on the log. Yeah. Don't mess with my log. Who cares? I think we
ought to ask you an option or ask off on eBay. The report by the non-profit group center for
media and democracy found that over a 10-month period, at least 77 television stations were making
use of the fake news broadcast known as VNR's video news releases. No one, not one of them,
told viewers who had produced the items. Not a single one of their stations. We know we only had
partial access to these VNR's yet we found 77 stations using them said Diana Farseta, one of the
groups researchers. I would say it's pretty extraordinary. The picture we found was much worse than
expected going into the investigation and just how widely these could play out frequently these
pre-packaged segments are put on the ear. Look at news you get propaganda just like in Nazi Germany,
man, just like in the Soviet Union. They'd be really proud. Let's see what does this say? Subject,
it's a facts. WQAM and the jumbo tron of the heat game last night. This is from KPM Coral
Gables. It says seen on the center court jumbo tron display and the ribbon tron, the long and
narrow-cover display that circles India. We know it is 560 WQAM weekdays, Hank Goldberg 7-10A
in German score to 7PM. Not no mention of anyone else or anything else. Well, what do you expect?
At the heat game, this is in the sports show. You think any of those people listen to this show?
No. Other than Pat Riley nobody. And now it's a sure but they won't.
Well, and that's for damn sure. Why would they want to give me any publicity at the heat game?
I mean, I don't want any part of that crap. PS, it says, did you catch Rock and Wool and Vaders,
the AM radio DJs on Discovery Times, Anteloy did not. Excellent documentary at the beginning on
Rock on the radio. Well, I'll be sure and take a peek at that. I'll be scouring for it. I like that kind
of stuff. Just like I like that Alan Fried thing. 647 votes on the pool and most of the people say
are very sucks. That's basically, you know, the sum it up when I go through the whole thing.
That's the bottom line. Except people like Josh who just don't understand what great baseball players
are all about. During the year before we had 400 teams or people like you who don't understand
what he's done. I don't really care what he's done. Okay, because it's all tainted. It's all tainted.
Just like Mark McWire was tainted and just like Sammy so so was tainted. And all these other
guys, a lot of us underhidden like 4000 home runs a year. Wow. In fact, I'm going to call up the
Haitian Embassy. I'm going to complain about the Minding of those damn baseballs too tight like
golf balls 1042 at 560. But you're going to of course out and care about baseball anyway. So what
am I getting all whipped up about? Do I watch baseball? Do I care about it? Do I go to a Blue Jays
game? Not on a bet. Not if you paid me by the pitch. No chance. Oh my god. Talk about coma
inducing even more coma inducing than the Stugatio. I wonder if for Clarence is still looking
at the Stugatio. I think so. I'll go out. That would have been a good point to fire his ass.
You know, the summer season is fast approaching and that means it must be close to Father's Day.
In fact, Father's Day is coming up on Sunday June 18th. That's what is it? Less than a
month, a couple weeks away. We all know what to add like to do on their big day. Eat. It's time
to call the melting pot. Make your reservations for Father's Day. Well, what a treat this will
be for Dad. The melting pot is a fondue restaurant. In addition to their famous cheese and chocolates,
they serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours. You're a dad hungry?
Okay. Or mine? Hardy entourage from a center cut filet minuanda black and trim from teriyaki,
sirloin, pork lobster and lots more. The melting pot definitely serves serious food for
serious appetites and if you ever serious dad, which I did not, believe me, who loved the melting
pot. Take it from me. Nobody leaves the pot hungry. They haven't award-winning mindless to boot.
And don't forget the melting pot's famous desserts to guarantee to put it be small on dad's
course. So might that call today invite dad to different something different and delicious,
a real treat at the melting pot restaurant near you. A full four-course gift for Dad right from
you. And be sure and tell him that cranky old meal sent your box. This is a meal of all
here sent to the five. This is 5.69 am. Case in you're on 2am. We don't have any national guards
there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the National Guard.
Not the National Guard. There's no National Guard. No.
I'll go.
Taylor is the champion. My friend. Now he'll keep on singing my crew band.
We're at 6606. It goes on to 4. I think it's an almond.
Taylor is the champion. Hicks will be touring. Second place will have a room.
The Taylor is the champion. All by dawn.
Hey, by the way, I got one word for him. You know what it is?
Fading. Yeah. Saw him over the weekend. You can't have hooded. Oh yeah. Oh my god. What a
10.47 and 5.60 WTQ. I am. You're fair. And speaking of 6.66, I might as well move this up to
the top of my piles because I don't think we're going to get any calls today. It's today after
the holiday. You know, people are busy putting their get sobering up putting their lives back
together again. See that's one thing about Memorial Day like the 4th of July and like Labor Day.
And is there any other ones that just excuse for outdoor barbecues and getting just absolutely
plastered right? Right. I mean, you know, the significance of them and pretty much it's been lost.
Those are especially. Do I leave anyone out? St. Patties. More just getting wasted than barbecuing,
but that's right. In other words, you tell me that the hours need me excused to get drunk.
No, but if they do have an excuse, then they get extra drunk. Then they really go nuts.
Says the man of the green Irish shirt in the other room there. Would the clamor always
wear a green shirt on the shirt? I'm not going to lie to you. Don't let dust you that.
And don't wear it on Thursday. Would the clamor overligious Thurlothi De Vinci code barely
fading a major Hollywood studio is mining the same vein with a Satanic 666 marketing campaign
for its new horror film. And it's I underlined the word new. Here's another movie just like the
House of Wax was that remake? I haven't watched it. It's making a rounds on my cable now.
That'll bother. It has no stars. It doesn't have like one star half a star. It has no stars.
I don't think it has a moon either for that. Well, I'm embarrassed to say that I saw it and
it's not a good movie, but it's worth seeing just to see how Paris Hilton dies.
Oh, I'd like to see that. It's a good one in real life. But seriously, the original House of
Wax, that's in 3D. I don't know. You probably can't get that on DVD because you have to have
those 3D glasses to watch it. Why did they do away with that? Was it just too expensive to
glasses? It comes back periodically. It's a novelty thing. And yeah, it's a it's a big logistic
pain in the ass, I guess, for the theaters to that was fun though. I agree. I remember that one
movie I think was called The Maze where they had these giant frogs jumping out of this
building. I said, man, that was scary. Yeah. That's like Frankenstein movie in 3D. And then they
sent them all back to Montreal. Anyway, the Omen. Now the original Omen, let's see, that was the one
with Gregory Pector. What was the other one after the Omen or the Omen 2 with the, right? They had
like three I think in total. Did they? They were. The original Omen was Gregory Pector. And what was
who else was in it? Oh, look it up. Look it up. I want to say, I don't know. I know who it is.
It's on the tip of my tongue. Who the name was? She's when you see you're going to be embarrassed.
I don't think the Omen remake of the 76 horror classic is the kind of film that routinely makes
it big at the box office, appealing to the cut of demographic of young and predominantly male
thrill figures like Josh Cortes. Did you see the original Omen? No. You never saw the Omen? I don't
think so. Jesus, now did you get your rear window? Yes, I did. What about the movie?
Leeremic. Leeremic by the way. Leeremic, I know it. I told you. We're sad. Did you see
your window yet? No, I haven't seen any of the DVDs. Standing in the shadows of Motown? Not yet,
very soon. Sometimes you're a liar, man. You've got like a promise pile of money. I told you,
I'm running behind. I got to watch some of these. Yeah, but only I saw the stories on Sunday. You
know the stories anyway. Who the hell is going to read them? In fact, just out of curiosity,
let's see if anybody read the stories that you post it on Sunday. That's not. That's not.
What do you mean? That's not. It'll make you feel good if somebody did. If this
dance page ever comes up again, which is for the moment, it seems to be like in Limbaugh.
What's that all about? Don't tell me. Just when Eric fixed it this morning, we had a
little bit of a problem on here. Now it's in Limbaugh again. Geez, I can't deal with it. Let me go
to Firefox and try that. I think you're right. I think the Omen has got something to do with
the Internet Explorer. There's no doubt. It's Microsoft, man. That's made by the devil. That's
VGates. He is the devil. Oh, see? On here, it comes up just fine. Right away. Now, let's see. It
would have been the 28th was Sunday, right? 200 and some people saw the Hell and Thomas on
RoodeQuest in Fox News and Tony Snow. And we had, let's see, huh? And we're going to have
several others. They're going to have 100 and more reads on Sunday in the middle of Memorial Day,
Holy Weekend. I wouldn't feel too shabby about that. Mr. was wrong with that. That's right.
And it probably would have had like 400 reads if you'd put it on there. Well, before everybody was
half asleep, they're already in the bag by the time you put it on there. But don't feel bad about
it because you know, only an old bastard like me would have been. Jesus told me to put them up.
Did he? Yeah. Well, he lied a lot. Jesus Christ. 20th Century Foxes banked the Omen on a
promotional campaign based on 666. The number of, so that's how many listings we got left,
we got 694 votes on a poll. So some of you voted more than once. The number associated with
Satan based on Revelation last book in the Bible, oh, 666, the anti crisis here. What are you going
to do about it? You ferry. Even the films worldwide, they view us at for June 6, 2006, or oh,
606, oh, 6, which the studio conveniently assured into 666 and the films logo. And Christian culture,
the number 666, is that before after they wrapped that thing around their way since start
flagulating themselves? I'm sure. I just hope that. Opus day. I wonder if Opus day is kind of like
Susan day. The number 666 is the symbol of the devil is related by Revelation 13, 18. This calls
for wisdom. If anyone has insight, let him calculate the number of the beast for its mans.
Its mans number is number 666. The Omen is a story of the father who realizes it adopted infant
son Danian, who has a 666 birthmark on his skull as reincarnation of Satan. Oh my god. A
maelstrom of death surrounds the way a maelstrom. Oh, that's a lot. The prophecy is clear. The
signs unmistakable. Armageddon is upon us. I wonder if maybe they ought to check on George Bush's
forehead. I will say this. The kid in the movie was a lot smarter than George Bush. The use of
a satanic promotional campaign comes at a sensitive time after this month's release of the Da Vinci
Code for a book done outcry from religious groups protesting the film's car. I'm so sick and
tired of religious group protesting this protest. Don't protest your ass. Protest Joe Bell.
Protest the watermelts you get out of our face. God. Normally a market is going to be very weary
about using the devil said Robert Thompson, professor of TV at Syracuse University. But 666 is
really merged into popular culture. It's a funny thing you bring up when you're talking about
a kid misbehaving in a playground. You say I'll bet this one's got 666 on his skull.
But Ted Bayer, president of movie guide, a conservative Christian publication won the
marketing could backfire. Anytime you're overemphasized that he monic in the satanic you're feeding
the lesser-insing instincts of people who are susceptible, he said. The marketing could be the
biggest drawback of the movie he also said. I like that. That the power of Christ can tell you.
The power of Christ can tell you. The power of Christ can tell you.
Yeah, I agree. So there you go. The almonds coming out here is how it would miss that if I were you.
Go on and get the original one with the Lee Rimmick and Gregory Peck.
Not too much of Max von Sider. Wasn't he, uh, no father? He was him? I don't know. I'm looking.
He wasn't in there. What was the old guy that he played in there?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm thinking of the officer. Sorry.
Different devil movie. You're thinking of the exorcist like that's a bullet in that
Max von Sider was father Miran. Come on, Mr. you must have had some bad, bad drugs over the
holiday weekend. It's all I can tell you. You never let the big, oh rock solid.
No, no, kept your ass off the streets. Wasn't Max von Sider when the exorcist, no.
And Linda Blair wasn't either by the way. Now let's see. The guy that played father,
Keras, he's dead. Yes. And there's no way we're going to ever think of what his name was.
He better Google it. He's dead. All the acting in that movie was great. That was just,
and you're telling me it's a comedy. You're telling me, ah, it is.
I understand what you're talking about. But it was still well made. It was still well done.
There's no doubt. Especially the Spanish one where she was going down the stairs
backward where the head spinning all around. That was good. And then the one where she was doing
the crucifix deal saying let's use a joy. That was good. 702 votes on the poll.
What you take on Barry Barnes who had the unmitigated gall to his 750th career home run at
home in San Francisco and at goofball at Fonda ball. You see that? I'm sure you all did.
Yes, I did. The goofy guy. Oh, I got the ball. It's going to be worth a lot of my millions.
Yeah. Not pathetic. By the way, Jason Miller and I'll never. Jason Miller, he's dead.
Never going to remember that. No. Well, let's keep it in the next time. Do a word association.
Think of David Miller, the harness driver at the moment. Oh, yeah. That'll be easy. Or Del Miller,
the great harness driver, dead. See a lot of dead millers. You know that? I sure hope George
Miller is one of them. I remember George Miller from the dolphins cove health food store in the
Gables. He used to be a guest in my show. No, I couldn't. They want to use to put those boring. He's
a good guy. George. I wonder what happened. He got out of the he got out of the retail because the
demographic and the Gables started changing desperately. No, speaking of English, IE. And he
went into the like police work or something. 1057 at 560 Q and we got the Geltie show like
people sat in on. What did I just do there? Oh, look at that. You got me so excited again about
the old man. I've punched it down around the audition line again. I'm sorry. Go check. He
will not happen. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Last time we got the guy's way. Now we've got one for the girls. That's right. We're going to get
you pregnant. A regular. But in the evening of the you'll be the official mother of a morning
show when our morning guy knocks you up. Just be listening and be the third color. When you hear this
tower, we put on a long record and send the morning guy over to your place to make that two back
beats. Should the morning guy be unable to perform due to chronic impetus or infertility,
the overnight guy who desperately wants his job will perform in his place. In that event,
this station makes no guarantees about eye color, fair color, IQ,
hunts or additional limbs. Have the morning guys love the child.
I'm a station creating a new generation of listeners. People must be so weird. It's $11.02 at 560,
or at $483,000 in small bills in my freezer. 718 votes. What's your take on very bonds? Without
Roy's, he's just another joke. Just another dumb joke with a really bad altitude. 205. He couldn't
lick the baby's jock 135 even if he wanted to. His stance are bogus 124. See, all those top three are
like, he's good, not great, 64. I'll even give you that one. I hate baseball 58. Well, shame on you,
so do I. He's the greatest 51. Josh Cordis breathlessly. He was there to see very yesterday.
Now, were you rooting for the giants? No. Well, why not? That's your boy. I'm not a giants fan.
I'm a Marlin fan. You're a very bonds fan. Yes, I am. Well, how can you root against the giants
if you're a very bonds fan? You just can't make up your mind. You're all over the place.
I hate him 42 and I hate this pool. Only 38. They like this pool. And you want to know why? Because
it's got a lot of hate in it. Like that. That's why we ought to bring back the excesses. Let's have,
that's how we can make some serious money. Let's run out about 100 theaters, all of a self-food and
re-show the excesses to mid-end times. Right. And just show her a pink and up that pea soup. Oh, yeah.
Are you eating now or something? Sounds to me. I was. Just what was that? What was that? That pea soup?
You were eating, huh? Oh, I was. Say it which? From Howie's. Yes.
Talk about it here, Josh. Oh, I finished mine real quick.
Well, wait till you hear this story. This is so typical of Florida. Anybody over here? A Waldo,
Florida? Waldo? Yeah. No. It must be up north because this is from NBC 12 and ABC 12. I don't
understand that. Yeah. Well, everything is north of here. Jacksonville. But I'm just saying, Jacksonville.
Waldo, Florida, Detective States and Active Local Terrorism and Adult Bookstore is cleaning up after
a chemical attack by a homemade device that investigators are calling a weapon of matter destruction.
That's where they are, W. Should we look it over here at the Adult Bookstore?
You're right. We're in the middle of the room. We're in the middle of the room. Right.
Can here's a picture of the sign? Cafe Riscay Adult Supercenter. Oh, that's the place where
there's a million billboards when you go up the highway, just like one every mile for that.
There's the highway? Yeah. For Cafe Riscay? Mm-hmm. Wow. In Waldo, people have held prayer
vigils and protests aimed at an Adult Bookstore along US 301 trying to keep the cafe Riscay from
opening its doors on time. Well, that must be why they're all the billboards because they're trying
to open, trying. Mm-hmm. Those efforts have all failed. So investigators say it looks like someone
has turned to what they're calling a clear-active terrorism to keep the store's owners from opening up shop.
Oh, Florida, man. What a place. What am I told you for like 30 years now about Florida?
It's the deep south. You know, you can try to pretend well. We're not different. We're not
like Mississippi and Alabama and Louisiana. Right. There we are. Rednecks, man. Rednecks, crackers,
Bible thumpers. The device discovered Sunday morning was made of two gallon-sized sport drink
jugs connected by Hoses. It's another Hose job. Someone said it on top of the store is a window
air conditioning unit. Detectives say that person ends strong one hose from a water spigot on the
outside of the building and pushed another hose into the building through a gap of the air conditioner.
They stuck in the old tube. That water hose would churn it, mix it up in the gallon jug, and then
enter into the building. So the last of a county share sergeant Keith Falk. I guess that's where
must be in Latchival County. Where's that? Up Yonder. Is that up by Duval County? Must be, I guess.
A Florida place. Investigators say one of the jugs had a harmful substance inside that float in the
store along with the water. A harmful substance. And I guarantee it probably won't be the last harmful
substance in Antibulline. We haven't identified it was actually in the bottle and the system
that delivered it in the building. We do know that it was cost to kill was corrosive. It had a high
pH level Falk said. Investigators say the state affirmative environment, a protection test, the
contraption in slabs today, the finger out exactly what was inside. What's big of that? It's
speaking of obnoxious and corrosive. There's Dana Bansch. Oh god. Taking, let's get very
bronze to see if he can swing the bat at her head. Yeah, Basha. And smash it like a pumpkin
and a Halloween time. Oh, brother. The old shrunk. Didn't you look like she's got a shrunken head
seriously? It's the bottom half of it is shrunken more than the top half. Wow. Strange. Yeah.
Homemade but highly effective. The device had the hazmat teams in full year Sunday morning. By
yesterday, clean up teams had stripped the room bare. Everything that was inside is now outside.
The contaminated trash filled two dumpsters high above the dumpsters a security camera is
strapped to the pool. Investigators say it was rolling Saturday when the device was planted. We do
have some very good leads. We have some people are interested in what probably some good people
of God, some good Christians know that nobody was hurt by the chemical investigators say cleaning
the up cost more than 15 grand as that's the hazmat bill of around 15 grand. And you see it's
been a costly event. You had 15 and 15. What do you got? Right. WDQAM. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I heard a nasty rumor the other day. This is only this true. Are you gay?
The scale was small only one room was ruined but you can't say the punishment will be much more
substantial. Under state law by the book deputy say the device is a weapon of mass destruction.
They're looking at hundreds of thousands of dollars and fines and how many years in jail?
But third, man. Folks said you try to hurt people. You try to change their ideas or instill fear and
that's exactly what the terrorists do. So this person is a local, yokeal terrorist is what they
be saying. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, how you doing there, Pally. Okay. A couple of things. Well,
those about 45 miles north of Gameville, Florida would have trained. Wow. All right. Also, I just
drove back from Atlanta and I've never seen more business trucks with a little fish on the back.
Like, like, like, it's like, it's like, it must be a club. Really must be a club. It is.
Here in the club. Gate club. Okay. What did you just say? I have no idea what he said.
That's what he said. That's a gate club. You moron. Right. Well, that's what all religions are anyway.
They're all in there. It's like a holy roar. That's a good example of it. Yeah.
They're rolling it and they're smoking it and they're rolling on each other. I wonder if they didn't
that church. Oh, man. I just, although I got to say the thing with Opus Day that I saw last
day, that sent me to a new level of, uh, discussed and contempt. That's how they know that they're more
pious than the rest of us. Oh, is that it? Because they can feel their love. How about some punky
pious? Mm. What's your take on very bond? 727 votes. I'm not going to read the result again.
They hate him. Let's see. He's the greatest 51 51. He's the greatest. And that includes Joshua. How
many times you're all 52 now? How many times you vote about 20? How I just want, buddy?
About 30. That's what I'm thinking. Most of those year voted. How many Q.A.M. Hello?
They knew. Yes, sir. Um, the other day you said a mention Canada and I was wondering, uh,
since we were in Canada, uh, doesn't that make you coward? You're running away from your problem?
Yeah, right. Uh, yeah. I'm, I'm eligible to be drafted. I know there wasn't a
one. 63 years old, right? Too bad. Talked over him. Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. Hey, Leo. Uh, 30 bond that never failed the drug test. Do you know that?
Do you know that? Someone has that proof. He's never failed the drug test. Uh, that group was
at Drunken Roses faster. The only way to get one is to get one. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. I hope you
don't very have a great life together. Okay. You're going to be the top of the bottom.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I never failed the drug test. Uh, huh? And I either. Huh? Me either.
Yeah, there you go. That must have proved that George don't do any drugs. He never failed the drug test.
Right. Taking two of them. No. A drug test. Neither of what's his name in the clockwork orange.
Alex never failed. What? Never failed the drug test. Uh, that's funny because we're watching a
mortal beloved over the weekend. Well, I'll be in the movie by the way. Dominic Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey, yes, sir. Uh, I think it's time to back off very much. You know, maybe reassess your take on that.
Yeah. Reassess your take on ever calling this again. That's my suggestion. Our pinkies got his hand on
his pants. It sounded like it's an armidlil. He was thinking of that baby route.
Maybe he was tapping it. Dominic, a phone line at his Q.A.M. Hello.
I thanks for that recommendation on that ministry.
Um, music, uh, then any type of stuff. Oh, I think you got it. I forgot to get it. I forgot to
pick it up. I forgot to. It was a call. I could take the credit for it. It's a caller promoted.
Like, okay, welcome. Okay, let's go out and get ministry. Okay, let's minister to, uh, let's
point that thing around our waist with all of them sharp hooks in it. Them fish hooks and treble hooks
in there and tied up with the pitch. And then we'll get the kisses and the tefilon. They'll
lay some tefilon too. Then we'll do like those Eastern Asian religions. Can you imagine?
With the super lesions. We'll start whipping and flage-lating, man. Think about it. You get the, uh,
the doors to show it. Then all these religions, it's the same thing. It's like an S&M game.
Absolutely. How much pain can you endure to, you know, like, like Jesus is suffering or to show
God how worthy you are of whatever it is. You know, well, you know, God wants you to suffer because
He's a God of love that for him. Yeah. He's right. He's a loving God. And that's why he gets pissed off
and he's also a perfect God that gets pissed off and his wrath waxes hot and he's got the locusts
and he's got the floods and if that don't work, he's got some other kind of crap up his sleeve.
Loyal, man. Like, what do you think? I wonder if it's an icy sleeve of God's icy shoes.
Sure. It's like he hot. Where you're going and me and all of us and guaranteed, Josh Cordis,
oh, brother, here he'll be sitting there at the table waiting for us. I'd see the other way around.
We've got regular labor. That's right. You never know, though. Take me to see.
Something could walk outside and get hit by a Mack truck any second now.
12 minutes past 11, maybe like one of our management people get hit by a Mack truck. All the
white, you know, the old saying that fits in for that where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Seriously, I'm not joking about this. The conversation that I had with your fearless leader on
Friday, I could have been, I'm looking at like this speaker, this JBL speaker that's sitting here,
there's two big ones. I could sit here and talk to the speaker and have a more coherent,
kind, meaningful conversation that what I had on the phone. I wasted all that time out of my life.
I could have been having a really heavy duty ball moment. Something really productive.
And instead, hey, hurry, hey, hey, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho,
Just just a cheerleader. I'm always very nervous about guys who are here. They're like,
a lot of front-line George Bush and George W. There's a good example for you.
Like that. Like the religionists. Just remember that. All you kids out there, they're out of school now.
The religious people are the crazy people. Stay away from them. And sure as hell, stay away from those
priestesses. Oh my god. Stay away from any guy that wears a dress. That's good.
That Pope was an Auschwitz over the weekend. That boy, he sure fit in good there.
Didn't he look good there? Oh yeah, perfect. He fell right at home. Would it look better in one of those
ovens? Oh man. He said, he loved it. He said it was a gas. He could say 48 rhymes with ass.
Back home, which is what they specialize in. Boy, M. Swish guard, man. He sure are pretty.
Now they're still giving us that thing. We're starting to do this spot now.
No, what? Oh, that's right. We got to talk about your scene. How much do you talk about the
yesterday? Briefly. Everything was brief. Yes. Well, we'll get a, well, I'm sure Justin
watched it. Not again. Oh, that's where he sought the first.
Oh, yeah. Already had sought. Josh is the one that sought and loved it. You're the one that we finally
got him. I'm sorry, but I'm with it. What does that mean? You can call me and call up the third.
And you, Monati and all this other goy. I'm a lot of goy. I mean, I think 14 past 11 at 5,
60 WQM. If you think you might have termites in your home, guess what? Right now that as we
were speaking, it's the beginning of termite season. This is when they start chewing your house to bits.
So call ridded pest control today for a free termite inspection and do it now. Why you still
got a house in one piece? Ridded pest control uses an amazing orange oil treatment that kills
termites and their termite eggs 100% on contact. They're gone faster than you can say. Joe
Bells are lunatic. If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't
have to tense your home and make your whole neighborhood into a big circus. You don't have to worry
about poison, it's gas, no moving out or staying in hotels or motels. No worry about food or pets
in your health because that ridded pest control, they treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
And you don't have to leave it all. In fact, when they don't treating your property,
the only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days. You'll be on the
ceiling sniffing all over the place. That's how good it's going to smell. It's true if you have
a termite problem call ridded pest control right now. I'm fine. I'm about to say this amazing
orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact. No tending, no kidding.
Call right now for free inspection. There's no obligation. Now is the smart time to call
1-800-447-4348. That's 1-800-447-4348. Be sure and tell me the Todd Dreck to
order to call ridded pest control 1-800-447-43-48.
This is Neil Rogers. What's all it? This is 5.69 am.
West, if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls.
Who sounds like the moral?
I guess it's not. Every time you see me, it's the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take a city and cover it to sleep. Renaming can.
Renaming can? Renaming can.
Renaming can cause he wants to make you or leave peace.
And I don't care what people are saying. Just like Jesse Jackson.
We are black people. His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is there. He compares the moccasue a willy on the fog.
Chalking in. Yes, Renaming can.
Renaming can cause he wants to make you or leave peace.
Yes.
His job was to come together. His job was to rebuild a New Orleans.
The one that should be uptown or wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate. A chocolate New Orleans.
He never takes the blame. For anything that's chocolate at the end of the day.
That's chocolate and some coffee and a cup of warm cold air. Renaming can.
Renaming can. No, I can't. Renaming can cause he wants to make you or leave peace.
You can't have New Orleans. No, I'm the way.
It wasn't made to the wall.
Twenty past eleven. That's why he got reelected last weekend is because he's a real moron.
You know, and that's they like that. And what have I always told you about New Orleans?
Slimey place. Man, it is dumber than sawdust. Dumber than a box of turds.
That's how a dumb man. And then the average IQ is like a minus in front of it in New Orleans.
That's why Renaming got in again. Because he's a noggin head.
Indian. Seven hour sixty three votes. Our goal is twelve thousand of a before two o'clock.
Before a girl becomes young. And makes those piercing sounds. So you watch
you're illuminating angels and demons on an A and E Saturday morning and.
That's great. I told you before the show. I knew a lot about the Catholic Church's dark history
from from before. But I didn't know about all that illuminati in the Templar.
That's a nice Templar. Yeah. What a what a bunch. What a fun.
Oh, we're on a temple. He used to run the Mason's raceway.
How do you get into that? I figure you know if they're going to be taken over the world
and all that stuff, it's probably a good idea to get in with them.
Yeah. How do you do the city? How do you fly? And you got to rub the whole thing.
As long as there's not too much factory. Oh, there's a lot about those secret societies.
It just seems to be. I got to get that. By Jim Mars ruled by secrecy.
Is it about factory? No, no. It's about the angels and demons.
Oh, all right. Ruled by secrecy. You know, it's a member. Jim Mars was on it.
I don't think you watched it either. I did so. He was the guy with a hat that was on there.
Oh, that guy. What are you laughing at? That'd be confused with the guy with the long hair.
No, you know the one I'm talking about. Yes, I did. Come on.
He had a lot of things to do. Anyway, he writes all these conspiracy books.
So I don't know whether he's just a crazy person, but he's not as crazy as them religious people.
Like that. And let me tell you all you kids are out of school now.
If any religious like the Watchtower people come knocking on your door,
right? Well, you're home from a school trying to pet a piece of religious crap.
Just go out of the drawer where Danny keeps his gun and pull their crap away.
Okay, now don't do it to the Mormons though because I like Johnny Osmond.
Plus a lot of them look pretty good. I've done Maria Osmond's on this campaign to clean it.
Yeah, like I said, unbelievable. Look then have it too.
Because now we got that new lawn floater, you're a October.
And if somebody represents a threat to you, you just pull out a piece
and blow that crap away. That's a way to do it.
And not only will you get off easy, you get off scot free,
but also you get like a purple medal in a gold jelly bean. That's right.
What I'm hearing. I was speaking of bozoes. There's your buddy.
The United States stands ready to help. Oh my God.
So, I'm a drummer like I said in a box of horse turds.
Look at this. Downloads of net porn had record high.
We were going to take some of these calls though because it's a day after the
holiday. I'm going to start downloading some porn.
You take any calls yesterday? I took a few.
They were damn few to take and what?
You know, like three WQAM. Hello.
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir.
I had a great weekend. There was Jewish heritage.
I would get at the Dalfen Stadium.
Oh, what does that mean? Jewish heritage?
What does that mean?
Well, that's the state is. It was an Israeli American.
Well, they have about old Jews from sunrise lakes there.
Well, what does that mean?
I wish they were.
And what is it? What is it?
What is it really? You have to do with Jewish.
Is really going to do with Jewish?
Well, there was called Jewish heritage.
We can do two AMs there.
It was out there.
Yeah, nobody in it.
Well, because they only did go to work on the weekend.
Well, I was trying to break into the van to get some, you know,
powerful area, but nobody was around.
We don't have anything in there. We auctioned it all off on eBay.
But anyway, happy some historic story to you.
5670560 Jewish heritage weekend.
My ass. Maybe that's why I buried Bonz here up yesterday.
And he Jewish?
328 and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I didn't get a chance.
I think last week you were talking about old Kenny Ray and Jeff
what do you want to bet that he's going to get pardoned by George
No chance.
Bush don't even remember who the hell that is anymore.
Oh, man. They're doing Clinton all that hard for pardoning that guy.
I mean, Mark Richards.
They write and write fully so by the way, rightfully so.
I'm doing a grand.
But there's that thing.
He's not going to pardon Kenny Ray or Jeff's killing.
Okay, trust me.
And if they did that, then the Republicans,
congressional Republicans would lynch his ass.
Okay.
Get out of here.
See, this is what what are we dealing with here, man?
America.
What are we dealing with there?
We're talking about illuminating angels and demons.
You know the stuff I'd never got one call or one facts from anybody who said,
oh gee, thanks for turning us out of that.
I showed that was really interesting and we wanted to know.
Not one.
This audience don't watch A&E.
They're busy with that.
American.
I mean, watch A&I.
American Idol.
With that silver here.
That's screaming around there.
Playing in that silver flaming screamer.
My God.
And from what you told me, couldn't see his wet about out of a paper cup.
He sings like he dances.
Terrible.
Oh, no.
He sings any dances?
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
That's great.
What's his name again?
Oh, no.
He's got a hammer, hex.
You better get a tanner.
You're fair.
We got a bit about him, yeah.
I bet you.
He's in the same closet with Tom Cruise and John Reholtto and still won't come out.
You're not a thug.
I'm going to watch that again this week.
I'm so glad you sent me that.
It's a keeper.
Oh, it's the open one.
The open one you build up too much.
You know, once again, let's build up this time.
Pretend I built it up.
I would never watch that one again.
He's got a.
He's got a.
A couple of body parts.
Well, good for her.
Okay.
He's probably looking tall.
Then I always said if she talked out of her ass anyway.
You did.
I always told you.
That's where they got it from.
Crazy ass bitch.
I'll for a set.
Even my mother used to.
Oh boy.
Isn't that sad?
That's what happens when you got too much time on your hands and look at out of the house
too much.
Like you said, shut in housewives.
Shut in fat house shuttons.
Yeah, right.
Fat shuttons.
There must be about how many million.
30 million fat shuttons in America.
They're all watching Oprah.
When I see that all the rappers now are coming on on her ass.
You see that?
Who is the last one that's a rip in a renance?
No, I don't know.
Fitty cent.
Good.
They're all over her like stink on Joe, man.
Better watch out for Fitty.
You know, dude, and she won't invite him on a show.
Right, right, right.
20, I always liked her.
27 past 11 a.k.u.
I mean, sometimes it's the things you can't see that hurt you that are dangerous
for you.
Notice, by the way, I got rid of my crud.
I noticed that.
I had a good cleansing experience at Woodline yesterday.
I got rid of most of the money I won Saturday too, but that's okay.
Bad machines, man.
Dead machines.
In South Florida for 20 years, dry concepts is the best to dry cleaning carpets when you
dry clean your carpets.
You really can clean today and entertain tonight.
That's how fast they dry when dry concepts do it for you in just a couple of hours.
Your carpets stay cleaner longer too, with no sticky residue left behind.
And with over 50,000 satisfied customers, including your destroyer, I guarantee, you have
a lot of company out there who love dry concepts like crazy.
Let me remind you that dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration.
Keep that in mind all during the surveillance season, which starts this week.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just a matter of minutes, not days,
and dry concepts can get your own reduced dry within 24 to 72 hours.
It's quite a team and the top of all off dry concepts has a still the art.
Oriental rock cleaning plant, the only one in town on site that's dedicated to keeping
your expensive area.
Rarks looking just like you bottom brand new.
So do yourself a humongous favorite.
Take good care of those carpets and keep your house sanitary too called dry concepts today.
toll free.
In dayed groward of the Palm Beach is 1-800-248-5071.
I don't know if they're in Waldo, but we'll find out.
That's 1-800-248-5071 on the Wicked Web.
Dry Concepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
I thought Kristi, I'm a team, was very damn.
This religion thing was not for me.
They held a big convention for her.
Let me infiltrate.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongue.
I don't know if they were in Bracey or in the church.
I thought I'd come to the beach.
There's a curse around whatever I do, ill forgive me.
Oh, God, I speak in tongue.
That makes me a believer.
And look at his phone.
And round the time out.
That makes me a believer.
And look at his phone.
And look at his phone.
And look at his phone.
And look at his phone.
And look at his phone.
And look at his phone.
I didn't take a stand because I was relaxed.
S   Shaikh
to be the Christian state. How about like Massachusetts for all the atheist
diagnostics? Why Massachusetts? Because I'm just thinking of a place where there's
like already a lot of liberal people, although they got that heavy Catholic
food in Boston, we're just half a cent all of them Catholics back to England.
I think it a little bigger, something a little bit more real estate like where?
Like Washington State or Oregon since we were just having that. Oh geez, it rains
all the time there, although the weather Massachusetts ain't too good. That makes it
lush and dust free. It makes it for lush. Yeah, believe that. You and that
Northwest, man. I don't want to love the Northwest. I've always constant. Never
been there. To the truth. I get to try to think of a place where we don't already
have like so many Bible thumbpresses. Right. Like the Northwest. So it has to be
outside of the US. How about Hawaii? Okay. Oh yeah. No more religion in Hawaii.
That's what I say. Religion could be like surfing, surfing and food and getting
lead. I think that's really what's all about already. Right. It's been a long
lead. Downloads of MedPoor and Record High. Record numbers of people are downloading
pornography from the internet. A survey revealed yesterday is that that's some big
surprise. Oh, don't tell Maria. She is pissed off and fired up, man. She wants to
like attack the internet. Just cause her daughters are a couple of preverts. And
campaigners fear that as computer porn becomes more widespread, it'll give more
men unrealistic expectations of their love lives and threatened couples
relationships. I don't understand what one has to do with the other, but nevertheless.
It's part of the whole making a case against porn that the church is of always
Oh, there's a lot more of that. More than a month. There are also concerns that
the growing number of people hooked on adult sites will fuel the man for
illegal material such as child abuse. That's another myth that they like to
promote. More than nine million men, almost 40% of the adult male population
logged on to sex websites last year more than four times as many as the
estimated two million in 2000. What most of those men were trying to say is I have
no life. The number of women downloading internet porn sort 30%
about a man to 1.4 million. You go girls for and including in that
thing, even counting Maria's men's daughters. Catching up to do 40% of couples
having problems with their relationships say internet porn is at least partly
to blame. Perfect. I know George says that. Yeah, yeah.
And actually, George said his wife is all to blame. Relationship experts
said women have to compete with perfect models online, which could lead to
exploiting the people unable to hold on normal relationships.
How come they don't look like her? How come they don't look like him?
Er. How can't we look like it? Christine Lacey, a senior counselor with
relationship advice service relate said on the internet, there are no bounds.
You can look at the most perfect bodies doing the most unusual sex practices
and having sex whenever you want to watch. And of course, everybody is thinking
all right. Why do you need to go online for that? You don't.
I don't say it. He's in the T cable channels and the
D.B.D.s and the D.B.D.s and the D.B.D.s and the D.B.D.s and the D.B.D.s and the
T cable channels. I guess something new that go under the video.
That's strictly the purview of the internet.
Bits clubs. Yeah, there you go. And in the place up there in Waldo, in the
size parlour, the local emers ugly. What normal woman can compete with that?
If people are watching this sort of thing all the time with that contact,
whether the people can normalize it. Clinical psychologists know
that they're Oliver Sumpton said, well, I can't read that last name.
If a man looks at a lot of porn oil, which women are essentially slaves,
it interferes with their ability to stay in a real relationship.
Well, not if they got some good whips and chains like Josh's got.
That's right. The cable. What do you laugh at about it?
You told me that you tie her up by doing that instrument thing and put her in
chains and tie her up on a wall. That's very big.
Red rubber ball. And put that red rubber ball. A joyous was kind of
enough to send via an or mouth. Careful, though, because you never know where
a joy is headed. The finding, be sure and wash it off. The finding is
made of what has thought to be the first definitive study of internet pornography
for the independent of Britain on Sunday by analyst Nielsen Net ratings.
The research found that men and women who visited such sites spend 40 minutes
and average each month, each month looking at images, while 40 minutes each month,
that's like about what, 11 minutes a day?
That's nothing. Why? I said, that's nothing.
One in four minutes, 25 to 49, about two in half minute viewed online,
hardcore images in the past month alone. One in four.
I think it's more like five in four. That's 1.3 minutes a day.
Oh, and the explosion of internet pornography, you know, it's 11 minutes.
Oh, I read everything. And the explosion of internet porn is also resulted
more than half of all know you're right. You're right. 1.3 is correct.
Resulted more than half of all children viewing adult images while looking for
something else. Liberal Democrat health spokesman Sandra Gidley,
this is in Britain, said she was alarmed by the material available, and especially
how easy it is for children to be exposed to. Oh, yeah, here we go with the children.
I think much more dangerous for the British is to be exposed to that royal family man.
They're all a bunch of preverts, including that, including that Prince Charlie there
who was buggering one of his butlers there and all of a sudden they covered that
syrup realized they paint some people off and shut them up real fast on that.
Just like that whole Diana business man. After we're finished with that
eliminating angels and demons and seeing about the homens and the corruption
in the Catholic Church, let's do the next expose. Let's make a movie out of that,
or the royals by Kitty Kelly. Right. And see we just walk kind of out.
There's Barbara breaking down again in the preckness as if we need to see that again.
What? Why do we need to see this again? What? Who did whole?
Because it's sick to make a sick to our stomach, okay?
Including this guy there on CNN. I can't deal with him. What's his name? Tony Setterna.
This is a live mocha guy. Doctor Liberty. What a jackass. He doesn't even
read the news. He just editorializes. Everything's like a big comedian.
Things he's doing sit down comedy. They got the most anxious people on that
network, including that fat face to hero. You're as blue dogs.
Man, I hope you're looking at him legal alien.
Would that be the rag his fan asked across the Mexican border make tacos out of him?
802 votes on the pool. Let's see. Is it enough?
Very friendly and very cooperative. He does pretty much anything.
He's doing fine. Bravo. Just calm down. He's doing okay.
802 votes. What's your take on Barry bonds?
A Barry. Take a big fat one. That's our take on you.
Barry and the lighted up. Oh, that's where he waiting. I get him confused.
See Barry ain't into that smoking at wicked weed like you guys.
He's more into that the Schmier and Beckham.
He's like a cream. He likes to. He loves it. Needles.
I says here without Roy. It's very just another jock 227.
He couldn't lick the baby's jock 153. Lot of jocks in here.
His stats are bogus 139. There's no doubt about that.
Totally bogus drug induced piece of turd. We hate you Barry.
I hope you're listening right now. I'm sure you're not.
Maybe you're listening to Stan Major. He's still alive by the way.
Has my two grand ought to be about 10 million by now Stan.
Cop it up. Wasn't that what he was always doing? Coping a big one up.
I hate baseball 70. He's good. Not great that very 68.
Very of course rhymes with you're very. He's the greatest 56 as in queue 56.
I hate him 45 and I hate this poll only 44 out of 80 to this.
They like to pull today on Barry bonds because it's timely. It's right on target.
He's in town. Don't forget we got that big Marlon game tonight.
Any interest? There'll be a few people there.
And by the way, didn't normal can't say a couple of weeks ago.
He wasn't going any more Marlon games because they're non-copus.
We miss or something like that. Did he say that?
They can't compete. He's not going any more. Did he say that?
Thanks for what I heard you say.
I reported that right here on this very important radio show.
And again full of craft man.
Calls me from the ball game last night.
Right.
All I did was copy a mis-insipid idiotic email that I received from Joe Bell about the water Nazi.
Which I thought I would share with my erstwhile age of the tourney and faggot.
And he has to call me from the ballpark so I can hear all the sound.
And I care. I have to stop. He has to.
I could hear the vendor. There was no crowd.
He said that's why I can hear everybody because there's nobody here.
Josh was there though. Were we in the press box?
No, I wasn't.
You were not? No, I wasn't.
Probably they don't even let you enter anymore after the terrible things you said about Dave Van Boring and Rossia Foxy.
After you talked about Dave Van Boring's bad hair piece.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-M-A-M-A.
Oh, the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Hey, Corrupt. By the way, I've been giving it some stuff.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better.
Go in six to ten.
And not in five.
A Gentile in the cranky do.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got a happy, really bad strap on to sight.
No chance I'll always show a joke.
I'd rather die with the crappy together.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm a big fucking Jew.
A Brooklyn high tall.
I've been wasted by everybody but you.
You're not my type.
Me and Malt did that with love.
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive.
Good one and here a Gentile.
And for she might.
That's happy together.
Oh, the door is door is door is door.
Oh, the door is door is door.
Oh, the door is door.
Oh, the door is door is door.
Oh, the door is door.
Oh, the door is door.
But you and me for me is much better than 10 to 5.
It's only right that I should get for sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Happy to get there.
What can we be happy for?
Oh, the door is door.
Oh, the door is door.
Oh, the door is door.
I better listen to that again.
It sounded to me like a little bit too tight, didn't it?
What do you mean?
Listen.
Go on note down.
Yeah, let's stop.
Do that over here.
Okay, Mark, let's have something to do.
Instead of going out and buying that book, thank you Liz for faxing this in.
She says, I have read the book ruled by Secretly by Jim Mars, and my most of the book is
very interesting and probably accurate.
It loses some credibility the last couple of chapters.
The author starts to write about the hidden history and origin of mankind, melding in his
theories about reptilian flesh eating aliens and other created human beings as a slave race.
I can send George the book if you like.
You want the book?
Yeah.
Now yeah, go ahead and set it to George and keep it.
I don't want it.
I'm not going to read it.
Thanks for saving me the money Liz.
I could give it to some poor homeless people on the streets.
Spare some change, Mr. Havanai's day, eh?
I could give it to some of them instead.
We'll just take it out to Woodbine and lose it in about 10 seconds to come home again.
Wow.
Yeah, he's a little, you know.
He's interesting, but again, people I think everything in the world is a conspiracy and
then this stuff about reptilian flesh eating.
There's even worse than the Scientologist, I would say.
What do you say?
I would.
If there's any such thing as worse than them.
Oh, and by the way, you got to correct something.
The guy that called in last week or the week before about that story about the dress code
in Iran, right?
Gary Loop encounter punch rights.
Now that I took it to the national post as a crappy newspaper tonight, right, Wing Piece
of Garbage.
That's right.
Now that Canada's national post has apologized for the misinformation article about Iran
and published on its front page last Friday, once it inquires to how this happened in the
first place, the post had reported that on May 15, the Iranian parliament had passed
the law establishing separate dress codes for religious minorities.
Christians, Jews and zero asterians will have to adopt the stink color schemes to make
them identifiable in public.
The new codes would enable Muslims to easily recognize non-Muslims so that they can
avoid shaking hands with them by mistake, thus becoming unclean.
This was absurd.
The one Jewish member of the 190 member Iranian Majli, more esotama, among others refuted
and noting the Iranians would never put up with such a law.
He added our enemy seek to create tension among religious minorities, what such news,
and to exploit the situation of their benefit.
The legislature must surely count Iranian-American journalists on me or Tahiri author of the
nonsense among these enemies, but what led to here to produce a sensationalistic piece
drawing immediate damning comment from Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, US State Department
spokesman Sean McCormick, and Rabbi Marvin Hyer, Dean of the Simon Viesenthal Center
in Los Angeles.
Tahiri is after all a matter of apparently impeccable journalistic credentials.
You'll get joist.
He's been in the Middle East editor for London Sunday Times written for the telegraph,
their speagold, developed, and all these others.
Or your belt?
He regularly comments El Mundo on CNN.
Quite a range of editors consider him competent, so I think it's unlikely as he's resulted
from mere journalistic sloppiness.
Tahiri was also between 72 and 79 executive editor and chief up K-Han Iran's main daily
newspaper, one of the Shah's regime.
Remember the Shah with his evaka used to torture people by yankin out their fingernails?
He contributes to the Neocon National Review, and his speaking engagements are handled
by the Warm Mungering Neocon Venador Associates PR firm.
He and these colleagues have repeatedly urged the US detective producer regime change
in Iran.
The Neocons, of course, have shown themselves more than willing to empty to employ the seat
and building the case for military action.
It's part of their Straussian-Motus Apparandai.
However, much of their intelligence about a rack disseminates through Douglas Pights office
and special plans and media of sick offense like Judith Miller has been discredited.
They're plotting on with their strategy of vilifying yet another regime to build popular
support for its overthrow.
And it goes on.
It's on our website, by the way.
The Jewish representative in the Iranian parliament who's been outspoken before is surely
on target when he suggests that some seek to exploit the situation of their benefit.
They do so by exploiting ignorance, prejudice, fear, and gullibility.
They sure now so much this information one has the sinking sense that however one tries
to expose it, their plans in the short term will prevail.
But those paying attention have to try and keep raising the slogan, stop the attack on
Iran as fast as I can.
824 votes.
We don't even have to think about that thousand of you doing.
No.
Not even some we got to worry about.
Well, good.
That's great.
We got so many other things to worry about.
Although, have no fear because it's the water Nazis last day today.
And that should take care of all our programming problems, all of our sales issues.
So you tell me that this guy came from North Carolina with a banjo on his knee and brought
Chris Jones along with him, right?
Which is why our copy of Stabila in last year's Wonder Bread, which is why we had two of
those feedback sheets of man and we had been feeding back since I'll give you some feedback.
How's that?
There's some feedbacks.
Yeah, well, there you go.
You want to feed back?
You got it.
That's the only feedback we're going to get.
These guys talking again, I don't think they've ever really even been in a real radio station.
You think?
I don't know.
My doubt.
Joyce hasn't.
Here's something.
Let me tell you again.
If you sent Joyce 400 radios, she wouldn't even know where to start sticking them, okay?
Back to him.
Much less worried to turn them on.
They'll draw her in that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, here she's got a big crack problem.
That's what I heard.
This ended up.
WDQYM.
Hello.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Any words?
No.
I'm not that noise.
Oh, yeah.
We know who it is.
WDQYM.
Hello.
You know something.
It's a Neil.
Sounded like he had his instrument vibrating there.
Yes.
There's a show named HBO called Back to VR.
It's really good.
He shows how our kids are being blown to pieces.
Being butchered.
The word you're looking for is butchered.
Yeah.
But it's really good, man.
It's really good.
I think you got a strong stomach.
Okay, thanks.
Right after you watch faces of death, parts 1 through 100, you can watch that.
Yeah, Americans, all these innocent people being butchered and of course Afghanistan, they're
pissed off at us because while those Humvees have a little bit of a mistake there, a little accident,
climbed into a crowd, killing innocent people.
Yes.
And the Afghans are over-tracking.
They're like going nuts because they've had enough already.
And the meantime, guess who's in should really, really run into the country.
Enough, that's snooge from Unicale.
I'm the Hamid Karzai.
But the warlords are back at it again.
Going eye-poppy.
That's the number one export.
That's the big thing.
It keeps the country going again.
And Afghanistan, what you think is going to get thought deep.
And of course the Taliban, who we heard, were like long gone.
And we took care of them.
We got even what at the hour right.
Now they're back in the mix, as they say, in the mix.
Don't you love that expression in the mix?
Like you're making a cake or something.
What do the Irish have to do with it?
They're mixing it and then they're drinking it.
Remember Tom Mix?
Of course not.
The cowboy.
Cowboy Tom Mix.
Now if you don't get to remember Tom Mix, it's gonna be telling me you remember...
It's from those old movie told we were in here.
What was the guy's name?
Not Bret Hart.
I remember.
I was ready, Arnold.
And he was Gene Autry.
He's dead.
Where Roger's?
He's dead.
Day 11.
She's dead.
How about you even trigger his dead?
God.
And what about the lone stranger?
Is he dead?
I'm sure he is.
And what about Tonto?
He's probably at the Seminoles.
Oh no.
Playing him phony.
There's airsoft slot machines.
There's bad machines, man.
Probably playing bingo with it.
You know something?
How many people have tried to explain that to me?
How does things work?
About 30.
And I still don't get it.
It's probably just as well.
Oh, I wouldn't go there.
There's no chance to be going there.
But now that I'm here, it's going to be after Labor Day
when Gulfstream gets going.
And Daniel Highlight is like...
But it will be.
And Pompatos is early next year for the slots.
Early next year.
2007.
Who the hell can wait that long when you're waiting for a good machine, man?
That's bad.
This is the worst story in history.
If you take the number of Americans who came home and bought the bags in Vietnam,
and then add 25 of them, you got almost 60,000 dead bodies.
Two wars.
Two, and of course this isn't a war.
It's an occupation.
What's going on right now?
The KB-3 President World War.
We're not a war with Iraq.
They didn't attack us.
We're not fighting the Iraqi army.
We invaded the country.
We're occupying it and people are pissed off.
And we're butchering all kinds of innocent people.
We'll get to that.
You see this there about Henry Kissinger?
No.
Former, you didn't see this?
Former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
You're quietly acknowledged in China in 1972 that Washington could accept the communist takeover of South Vietnam
if that evolved after withdrawal of US troops, even as the war to drive back the communist drag down with mounting deaths.
No, it did not take that story.
The late US President Richard Nixon's envoy told Chinese parents to join life.
If we can live with a communist government in China, we ought to be able to accept one in Indochina.
Kissinger's blunt remarks surfaced in a collection of papers from his years of diplomacy.
We used that term loosely.
Released Friday by George Washington University's National Security Archive, a collection was gathered from documents available to US government's national archives and obtained to the research groups declassification requests.
Kissinger's comments appeared on the decency of the decency of the international press.
The US was prepared to see communist takeover of Saigon.
As long as it happened, after US troops departure to save face.
After 57,000 kids came home in body bags and a war that nobody still has any idea what was really thought.
And now we've got 2500 dead Americans over there.
Plus thousands and thousands and thousands of people would like missing limbs and eyes and all of these things.
Not to mention the tens and tens of thousands, probably over 100,000 dead Iraqis, which we still can understand where is the candy or the flowers.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
This is Dick Jamie.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of 1 hour movie.
It was an hit 37 years ago when women in the scene used to say,
another Kennedy avoids a bus stop.
Which side can you bus stop?
Through an ambient down, many hit the town.
Kennedy avoids a bus stop.
Cox, I'm gonna drive your home.
Another Kennedy avoids a bus stop.
I am a trover.
I saw the Ethel Kennedy on bio the other day.
Fabricity channel.
Ethel Kennedy.
Ethel M.
Who makes the chocolates in Vegas?
You know Ethel Mertz.
Ethel Merman.
Ethel Kennedy.
Bobby Kennedy is widow.
Remember Ethel Kennedy?
What kind of plan are you living on, man?
You know Ethel Kennedy?
No.
Get out of here.
You're so full of crap.
I'm not even Josh knows who Ethel Kennedy is.
Who?
Anyway, it strikes me after having seen this long, arduous thing.
I mean, it's generally speaking to Kennedy
is a bunch of drunks and drug addicts.
Not all of them, of course, but most.
When you agree with that?
Okay.
Maybe it's because that, you know, daddy was a bootleger.
And of course, grandpa, although they say,
oh, that isn't true.
Okay.
And not only that, but I also a Nazi sympathizer.
Mm-hmm.
Not that I don't love Ted Kennedy or JFK.
He was no George W.
But then again, who is, you know?
Although you can't say that in South Florida because then you get that,
that crowd that hysterical, oh, bam, pigs, come out, come out, Kennedy.
Yeah.
I think that's your pig right over here.
It's roasting.
In fact, the pig is on the spit from yesterday's big barbecue.
And it's still got that big red rubber ball in the mouth.
The one that Joyce used to use.
The road crash that triggered deadly anti-American riding in Kabul occurred
because a military truck lost its brakes coming down the hill and
plugged into a line of cars.
The US military said today, this is today's excuse, couldn't afford a
brake job chanting death to America riders on Monday,
stolen the US convoy involved in the accident, then headed to the
center of Kabul, ransacking offices of international aid groups and
searching for foreigners, smoke billed from burning buildings.
Death to America, we hate you.
They were screaming.
Did you see those clips?
No.
If you would have been watching, what's his name?
They're on ABC.
I can't even think of what his name is anymore.
The guy from Good Morning America.
Oh, Charlie Gibbon.
Charlie Gibbon, he gives him.
He is so boring.
I'm telling you, he's like David Hartman on two cups of coffee.
How do you caffeinated?
That's a good melody.
Yeah.
He's just a couple of steps less coma-inducing than David Hartman.
ABC has always found the blandest, the most boring, just like that
George Step on Top of Us on this week.
You know, just because David Brinkley's dead.
You know, when they took David off the air that was before he had that fire in the house.
Remember that it was kind of sad.
When David's eyeballs kept popping out of his sock and during the show and falling on his cheek,
that's when they decided he was just old enough to get him off the air already.
Not to mention, of course, the fact that he was showing for that what's that company that makes the
agricultural stuff.
And that was that crap all over the place.
No.
Next, you're going to be saying that the guy with a hair who's also dead.
Herbal, herbal life.
No.
Anywhere I'll think of it.
The death toll from the unrest rose to 11.
Most of them from gunshot wounds according to three city hospitals, more than 100 people wounded.
This is in Kabul where everything is under control.
Not where that pimped that stooge, homid carzyze supposedly in charge, where that schmata that he wears.
And that thing he wears on his head to me looks like a whoside chaco.
Maybe he really knew the great Ahmed Khan.
What is this thing that you just fashed me?
Oh, Max Schumacher, this is from network.
Well, but I read it, Josh, look at him said.
There's a comparing network to us some recent news stories.
It's not a cute.
Oh, Max Schumacher.
We could make a series of it, suicide of the week, all hell, why limit ourselves execution of the week, how our deal terrorist of the week.
I love that scene where they're just pie-eyed during the bar.
Schumacher, I love it.
Suicide, assassinations, mad bombers, mafia hitmen, automobile smash ups, the death hour, a great Sunday night show for the whole family.
From a press release announcing A&E's pilot episode of Two Reality shows about the most feared topic of all, the end of a human life.
A&E isn't development with two distinct programs that deal with the overreaching themes of death and dying.
Last request in six months.
A&E's spokesman Daniel Silberman, these shows are still just pilots, but both of them are celebrations of life.
Neither of them are exploited. They are very serious programs.
Yeah, the death of the awake, yeah, Max Schumacher had it right.
One of the great movies of all time, and anybody who tells me that they didn't like it if he'll sleep during the movie, is just a turd.
Okay, with all due respect, or at least the commie.
No, just a turd.
How could anybody not know that that's one of the most especially?
I'm especially mad at hell, and I don't think it's anything wrong.
Which is what we were, especially in South Florida where we threw up watching Channel 7 so many times, where we've seen the circus that they've taken what it's supposed to be news.
In fact, one of the stories I got here, where the hell is it?
You know, my pile, I got a big pile, I got a big pile every day, and I got real piles.
Iraq Veterans wonder about a public obsessed by American Idol.
Oh, amen, amen, sister.
Hallelujah.
American Idol, my ass.
858 votes.
I guess I better keep banging on it, because if we don't get to the thousand, I'm going to be really pissed off.
It'll be my fault.
I always blame Josh for not leaning on it.
Hhh!
Duff told me the same thing.
858 votes on the very bonds, Paul. It's kind of a limited thing, you know.
Although, only a 48-year hit this poll. That's pretty low number. It's on the bottom.
It's like that trowel on the bottom, yogurt.
It's haven't played that in a long time, you know what?
Trowel on the bottom.
Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt, cherry, strawberry, banana, peach, blueberry.
Well, look out, taste buds. Prepare yourself palette for crudeson's Trowel on the bottom yogurt.
Trowel on the bottom, fresh water. Trowel on the bottom.
Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom.
Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom.
Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom.
Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom.
Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom. Trowel on the bottom.
No, we couldn't find his number. No. Wait until you hear this, the column.
Peter Curth, who has his own website, PeterCurth.com. Is that the food guy? No.
George and Tony Sidner and Trey K.I.L.L.I.N.G.
Did you like the headline? That's cute. You can imagine the depth of my emotion.
I'm sure when I read about the joint press conference given to Washington last week by a fearless viewer, George W. Bush,
and his chief ally and co-conspirator in the warrant terror, British Prime Minister, and Quiky and Quisely and Tony Blair.
Fearless, fearless and Quiky and Quisely. Oh, you've got to love this.
Blair wasn't watched in for what he called talks with the President. Imagine how much fun those must be.
And after we're facing reporters who appeared dismayed in tongue-tied for the New York Times.
But why wouldn't he? Thanks largely to the ongoing starter in Iraq, bushes sagging approval ratings,
or Blair's sagging approval ratings among British voters are even more awful than bushes are here.
Which is to say, in Britspeak, they're very awful indeed and our own lingo that they're lousy. They stink.
Bush's favorable ratings are now in the 30% range.
Not 30, man.
Blair's clocking at a mere 26%. If I may lapse for a moment in a TV vernacular and language of advertisements aimed at teenage boys, these numbers really suck.
US political commentators repeatedly voiced wonder at a world leader with worse ratings than George Bush said the Guardian of London.
The Guardian further observed that for once Bush had to come to the Prime Minister's verbal rescue in the face of the skepticism of the British press corps,
it as much as Blair looked very weary and under pressure, and as if he would have preferred to be someplace else.
The British have long been mystified by the tenacity with which Blair clings to a special relationship with a dunder-headed mass killer like Bush.
But unlike the American counterpart last week, the British media generally refrain from faunting swooning and carrying on about these subdued repentant almos remorseful atmosphere
and watched in the latest Bush and Blair dog in Pony show.
By the way, that whole thing was orchestrated and written ahead of time that whole remorseful, that whole big argument.
I read that story. Yeah, on our website. Yes, I did.
The news conference in the formal setting in the Eastern was notable for the contrite tone of both leaders, the triumph of fame with Duce Illumny,
and in that unusual admission of a personal mistake, Mr. Bush said he regretted challenging insurgents that a man could bring it on in 2003,
and said the same about her statement that he wanted or some of it a lot in debt or alive.
To the amazement of the American press, double confess that this was the kind of tough talk, you know, that sent a wrong message to people.
I learned some lessons about expressing myself, maybe a little more sophisticated manner, said your president.
Abu Gharr, right here like that. Right. So sophisticated as Bush become expressing himself, when asked what he'd miss about Tony Blair,
when the British people finally given the boot he answered, I'll miss those red ties. That's what almos.
As the Guardian noted, this was on par with Bush's first record of comment about Blair when the minute camp David had an assignment in February 2001,
and Bush was pressed to explain what he thought they might have in common. Well, he said we both use Kulge toothpaste.
Ha ha, what a card our president is. CBS News marveled at Bush's unusual burst of candor when he mentioned the torture of prisoners at Baghdad.
Abu Gharr, prison as the America is military, a big is military mistake in Iraq.
ABC declared that some of the bull talk we once heard is gone, but neither Bush norbler gave the slightest sound the intent to change the immutual assured course of destruction in Iraq and across the Middle East.
On the contrary, after lauding Blair as a man of resolve and vision encouraged Bush made a point in saying that sophisticated and the way he has,
the amazing things about dealing with Prime Minister Blair is he never wants to be said to be on the phone.
We better change our tactics because of the political opinions, you know. Yeah George, we know that you're a liar in a fraud,
but on a legitimate leg to stand on in the Iraq fiasco. And the only reason you try to now blare on Thursday is because he's still popular in the West and you aren't.
In other words, because the pulls you pretended to stay in our down, down, down Americans are always impressed by British accent.
He's like detecting some kind of gravity and if that's missing saying the phony twang of a Connecticut Yankee from Crawford, Texas.
And you need Tony Blair's endorsement right now in order to continue the killing.
What blare gets out of it, I can't say certainly not increased popularity in his own country where your press conference had to be televised in the middle of the night on cable no less,
to minimize the political fallout. But I noticed George again that after you sang blare's praises then offered to buy him dinner.
Ha ha again. He didn't return the compliment. Maybe none of this would bother me so much of work for Memorial Day weekend.
And I hadn't seen the faces of nine dead vermoners staring out on the front page on Sunday's local daily.
Nine vermoners you're killing in the last year in the service of your ego and your folly.
No question that the Iraq war has, you know, created a sense of consternation here in America you remarked.
I mean when you turn on your TV screen and see innocent people die day in and day out it affects the mentality of our country.
I can understand why the American people are troubled by the war in Iraq. I understand that.
But you don't George, you don't and you never will.
It's kind of like the end of my conversation with Clara Bell on Friday. We said, oh yeah, I understand.
I said, you don't Joe and you never will. You know what I was when I said that absolutely correct. Amen.
Absolutely.
875 on a pole where inching or crawling our way toward that thousand votes by two o'clock.
We're going to do it. If it's the last and thing we do, we got to me. This is not a, this is a no brainer, right? Oh yeah.
Easy. It's like taking an extra step off the top of the Empire State Building say oops and have it along.
No brainer. It's kind of like Eric Clapton's kid flying out the window and we thought it was Superman.
1213 at 560 WDQM being outdoors a lot in South Florida means you really need some comfortable shoes.
So the only place to take your tutsis is brandy shoes and pumpy no beach. Brandy's carries all your major top brands like four shine.
Echo, my fistill rock for hush puppies, new balance, tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes. If you have really bizarre feet, I was going to say, effed up feet that would be bad.
It'll set up brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida.
When you see the fabulous selection of value, you always get a brandy's to see why I've been telling you for years.
This is the place to take your feet. Go see our good buddy Arnie.
He'll make sure he gets ready for the right fitting shoes for your feet at the right price every time.
And I like those department stores where you have to wait for everybody to get weighted on and then whatever style you pick out.
Oh, sorry, I don't have that in your size. You know they got to wait for you at Brandy's because the only thing they do at Brandy's is shoes.
So you don't have to worry about size selection service or those unbeatable prices.
Brandy's shoes you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach between Atlantic and Copaz on the East Side.
You can't miss it. Brandy's open every day, Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday till 5.
And this week it's a great time to buy SAS shoes at Brandy's. Take 10 to 40 bucks to pair off an all-great SAS men and women's styles this week.
So be sure to get your ass in the rest of the end of Brandy's 2 or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandy's shoes.com.
Be sure to come to Brandy's Schmutz-Centri-Body.
This is the new Roger is a local board. This is 5.60 QA.
QA. And a floating heart is green you.
Cratch off Saturdays. The mullet will be handing us scratch off cards at every Saturday home game for your chance to win.
In Atlantic's opening day 276 Lannogarde autograph by Juve Charity.
There are 100 InstaWare so keep listening to QA.M. for your chance to win Marles' tickets and scratch off cards.
One InstaWare could be used scratch off Saturdays from the Marles at 5.60 QA.M.
Here's for the grandma.
She has got militant. She has put on a veil and slapped on some explosives and is looking for someplace to detonate it.
But tell toys. It refuses to use.
Jehard Barbie. Jehard Barbie comes with her own toy or the pickup truck.
Which she is not allowed to be driving.
Several traditional burgers and the plans to blow up an embassy or artboard market.
You are making the choice. Jehard Barbie comes to believe with detonating device they may or may not work.
Just like that or anyone. So get Jehard Barbie today and start planning your own Jehard.
Jehard Barbie. I'm sailant all bagged back toy stores now. Just in time for the infidel holiday season.
From 19 at 5.60 WQM we got that 8th London or the world.
Geldig Yeldstein at 2 o'clock this afternoon and you're probably wondering what's the, why is he the wonder?
Because we all wonder how he can be on the air.
May a dog at 4 and in a Marlon crap Marlon's in the Giants and Eddie K. follows the baseball game.
Memorial day. Holiday. All the kids are out of school.
Couldn't have been more than 110 degrees in the shade.
7,683 announced. Very bonds just a break in Babe Ruth 714 on Sunday.
Fresh off of that coming into town with all the big hoopla on celebration and we get about 2000 people out there at the ballpark.
And they want us to build a stadium. Hey David.
That's what I say to you. And all the idiots in the newspapers like Red Code Text and all that one.
Oh, we got to build a Marlon's in the stadium. Right. Sure. Sure work in Pittsburgh, didn't it?
Look at all the extra money they made. So they put together a hell of a contending team.
Right. Only the Marlins in the National League have a worst record than the Pirates.
They don't draw flies. Even if they had gigantic manure piles all over the field, they couldn't draw flies to it.
Am I right, Josh? You are right. They got a new stadium. How they doing?
El Stinco. Marie Coco. I wonder if she's kind of James Coco. Hey Jimmy.
You're fairy. Now she's a communist for the Washington Post.
She says Iraq veterans wonder about a public obsessed by American idol.
For Jeremy Brusar, there was the drama of sexual assault allegations against NBA star Kobe Bryant.
And the buzz over the TV series Queer Eye for the Straight Guy. For rich Murphy, it was the media's fixation with Britney Spears and Michael Jackson.
And the enduring annoyance of the American public's obsession with American idol.
When Paul Reikoff returned from battle in Iraq, he discovered a citizenry uninterested in debating the correctness of the conflict.
Or even how its course affected those who put their lives online. And steady found that people were obsessed with Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction.
Now it's Brangelina and a horse with a broken legs is right.
Who upstarted Iraq and Afghanistan veterans of America, which calls itself the largest veterans group for those who served in America's latest work.
This is the most important story of your life. This is where it's at.
This horse with a broken leg is driving me crazy. Right, coughs and an interview with her in the injured Kentucky beer me winner Barbara.
You come back from a war zone and this is what you see over and over and over again.
See what I'm saying? This is where it's at. The media and an all-too-willing American public.
And I don't forget to chicken a Rubberman. Oh, yeah, my favorite dish. Don't forget about that bitch. It's better than paella.
She's like to look up for us. She slips with her fishes. I didn't know there was fish in that dish, too.
If there's a point of disagreement among America's newest veterans, it seems to be that Americans at large are detached and disconnected from the very idea that the nation is at war.
True support for the Iraq conflict has ev'ed as the war has gone from being seen as a triumph of shock and awe to a terrifying descendant of civil mayhem.
Mayhem murdered in bloodshed. True, there are those who fiercely debate whether you as troops should be pulled out immediately, should be drawn down on by the way they just sent 1500 more troops.
They're not drawing down anything. Just in 1500 more because it's chaos.
Fresh meat.
Should be drawn down according to a timetable or rather the military commitment should be open-ended.
But these conversations seem to echo only in certain corners of society.
No more than a million servicemen and women have been deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan since these military operations began in 2001.
The all-volunteer military means that few Americans actually know someone who has served.
It is profoundly unlike World War II when a generation of youth saw action or play the role in the war effort.
Who could not be less likely at norm when the drag filled these seemingly endless need for fresh soldiers and filled the streets at home with protesters and filled the body bags with 57,000 dead Americans.
Henry Kissinger said, well, if we could have got it, that article just makes me sick.
How come he's not on death row? That Nazi bastard.
Most people in America don't know anyone who's fought in Iraq said, right, Kup?
It's like a TV show they watched and they switch back to desperate housewives.
Roussard, now I am Howard University law student, told me, suppose that this on the attachment is better than what his father endured when he arrived at the Seattle Airport first from a service in Vietnam.
This guy runs up to him and spits in his face in the house, baby killer.
His own homecoming in late 2003 before would become clear that the Iraq conflict was turning into a drone out of the guerrilla war.
Was marked instead by a pro-fuckery expression of thank you for your service and few questions about the war itself.
To me, I had a hard time adjusting because people didn't want to talk to me about the war. They wanted to talk about Kobe Bryant, Roussard said.
The public disengagement worries these veterans not so much because they agree on what should be done in Iraq now.
They don't, but because the nation seems not to notice them.
The Veterans Administration is grossly underfunded according to most independent estimates.
It is hard-pressed to meet even the needs of aging WW2 and Vietnam veterans.
Today's all-volunteer military often drives recruits among those with few opportunities for education and economic advancement.
And many veterans are discharged without the skills needed for civilian employment.
Mental health problems are being documented among returning troops at an alarming rate.
Estimates of the number of returning Iraq and Afghan vets who are already in the homeless range from two to four hundred.
According to Cheryl Beversdorf, for the national coalition for homeless veterans.
But she cautioned the numbers likely to grow over time as it did for Vietnam veterans.
Whose long-term adjustment problems weren't immediately apparent.
Vietnam vets took eight to twelve years before they really became what we call hardcore homeless, she says.
Memorial Day came with most Americans more eager for picnics in department store sales than for patriotic parades and an irreversible cultural drift.
Murphy returned from Iraq in August 2004 and said he probably spent spend the day with baseball and burgers.
I'm not a big flag waiver, he said.
In truth, there are already enough cars with flag decals and yellow ribbon magnets, boasting support for troops.
It's past time to abandon the easy symbol for the hard work of civic engagement, she says.
Nice going where you go girl, although you're farting into a wind storm honey.
You're farting into a big wild cyclone, into a tsunami mommy, silently at hope.
Now loud and clear, loud enough so that joy is over there and now Fort Myers can hear it and Naples, whoever she's hanging it up, that bitch.
The one that's determined to help make sure that they show fails.
It's really something when you got the corporate legal and the program director both doing whatever they can to their power to try to throw a monkey wrench into works.
And by the way, the next time you let that jackass come in there in the morning, I'm going to get up and walk out and I'm not coming back.
Alright, I'll lock the door.
No, I'm just telling you, you saw him coming in there this morning.
What did I tell you about him?
I know what you said, but you know what I want to be in the say, I don't want to be in the presence of that creature.
Okay, that sports nerd who lies and makes up stories about how you're a liar and you make up stories about how the board and the whole studio keeps getting discombobulated every time they put one of their stupid ass ball games on 1360 every time they farm it out and they put those goop balls in there turning everything into non-workable mode so that
you can make sure when you come in the next morning, nothing works for half an hour.
If we like some coming to your home and like taking apart all the parts of the house and then every day you have to put it back together again.
After I'll start to get a little bit ponderous, okay?
But you just make those things up to your...
I know, I know.
Just like Tommy just put it up that he didn't have nothing to do that day that he volunteered to come in and help us out when you were out sick.
And I was out sick and everybody was sick as a dog.
You know something? And yet in spite of that, not to pet ourselves on the back, but I'll do it anyway.
In spite of that, we got a show on the year of E.D.A.
Okay, and a pretty damn good one.
We did just fine.
Just ask John, he'll tell you.
He was rescuing off during those shows all the one day he did.
Right, right.
No, because his brother was like killing people or something.
Whatever happened with that, I don't want to talk about that.
I don't think we want to talk about that.
I mean, but it was okay, right?
It's okay now.
You're talking about...
What do you mean, what am I talking about?
Why don't we just pretend it's another story that I made up?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
There goes George again.
I love this.
Why are you two Roger?
Double maker.
That's right.
He's 560.
I'll put it away.
Yeah.
One moment please.
Uh-oh.
One other moment please.
I'm glad I did.
WQAM.com and enter the I really need a Florida vacation right now, Contest, to win a trip
for four to Orlando, Florida.
Winners will stay at the Omnia Orlando Resort at Champions Games.
But you by visit Florida.com and sports radio 560 QAM.
Howard David's a bit.
A weird unbox.
It's the long awaited conclusion of American Idol.
George Bush versus Dick Cheney.
I ought to be singing on American Idol.
This guy is called the Kurt and Chuck, my friend.
We move side with the players.
Come on in and back.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, generation.
Before we grow old, talking about...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Here we go.
What do you think of me?
You're the worst guitar in the world.
But I'm the Decider and I decide what is best.
I have the executioner and the conclusion
of American Idol's tonight on Fox.
I believe I'm going to win and also theavanese.
From 32 at 560 WQAM and Speak of the devil
you'll never-get's what story just came right across the sea in profiture and that front of this thing out
I'm going to tear it into a million pieces. I can't wait. Let's see how many pages here one two three
Quattro is in Susie Quattro. You want to hear the headline? All right. Stractor's self in real tight
I don't think I have stories about George's brother, but all right
Holloway case a mystery after a year of catch and release
And it's got a picture of Natalie Holloway right here
And you know, I would say how I would describe her in one word. Meas. That's the word excellent. Meas kite
A year has passed since Natalie and Holloway accompanied by three young men walk out of a nightclub at a rubah into oblivion a rubah
Which rhymes with chew?
And it goes down, but it would put about
Bapapapa. And so this means read across me will be breathless although it's kind of hard to tell when she's breathless
She's always she just can't speak she'll be all over this like stink on
Greg and it goes on and on and there the whole story again and her mother and your mama and this one
Oh my god Natalie Holloway my S just like that's the right this red man. That's the most important thing in history right there
There isn't one person who signed up who volunteered to be an emulitary who wanted to be used as as human carnage
It didn't
No, they did not hold it what they signed up. That's exactly what they're being used for human for your father for your father
924 votes on a poll we're gonna make that thousand easy maybe this hour
You know how the calls come like in little bunches here in there like I like that
It's a bit of a new format, huh like in little spurts. Yeah, you guys can relate to that little spurts especially
Some rather the thanks Liz for letting me know because I was guys all whipped up about that Jim Mars
I was gonna go and get that book but I'm not now that was I mean
See this is the problem. It's like Natalie no hair, you know before she got chopped up in little pieces
I had around my show. I don't know Zidian times
But third man and the problem with her that if she was just as ridiculous as the religion is that she was ripping an ass
I mean everything she said was true, but she was just such a an outrageous person, you know
Not to mention facts. You made me look like a midget
Logic
Yeah, like my grandma used to say I'm midget
That's what she said. Okay. It's like pop-eye. I'm midget. Okay. Okay. Chris says to get more information on the bad ministry
Check out. Oh, don't let me forget to go out and get the ministry CD and place some of that. I would love to get a copy that well
Why can't you cost money?
He's stuck in a man. No, I'm Amazon.com and send you the CD you are. That's alright. I go
I'll see you guys I'll go see you at the world. I spoil everybody. Yes, you do. I spoil everybody rotten man
I have what I have these yeah, I'm sure you do
Although in their case I think it's a bias. I don't have ministry if I'm gonna go out and get it today
I see mercy
Oh
You
the
and
the
hope
that
You
60s this is the whatever this is the crap is you know the people who were whipped up during Vietnam
They're all the sellouts were in suits, you know, that's right responsible for all this
That's absolutely correct sir. They've all become establishment shields is what they have they were indifferent
They're worried about they're more worried about who's gonna be on good morning American who's gonna be doing the news on ABC
And just like that things said who's gonna win on American Idol and how much pleasure they're gonna see on desperate housewives
I never watched that show even once no even though
Even a what's his name to play Miguel on passions is on there. I never watched that show not a second of me either
I don't know when it's on all you know it's on the night though. Oh, where the hell did I see it on the weekend?
Super night, huh?
Stahlville no, no, it is super naturals. Okay. That's what I said the first time. Oh, I didn't hear you
So you said the terrestrials actually press room our stuff. No, the super naturals on tonight
I saw something about those guys it was I mean it was not a promo, but it was like maybe I one of those
entertainment shows
Man, yeah, Sam I tell you right now
He was out there on my balcony right now. I'd see you later
Of course, he probably threw me over, but that's okay. That's what I would have done on that case
I grabbed something before I went over the railing. Yeah Chris says hey, I'm Tony
He is clean and pristine even though he slips in the same hotel room with his brother. That's why Josh stop boxing the show
I think yeah a little bit maybe yeah, I think I think that was it
I mean I'd rather watch very bonds like out home runs on steroids than watch that
You know very bonds never failed a drug test and you know what else that guy forgot to mention he also never stole a freight train
How do you like that? Uh-huh Chris is anyway to get more on check out ministry music dot org
This band hates George W did the teeny pop-abushing balls organized religion
You can listen to trash some new CD title Rio Grande blood the CD cover has the evil bush with a crime of thrones about his fat head
And his body is in a barrel of oil yellow cake and hybrid chase our great cuts
Thanks Chris I'm gonna go out and get I'm putting this right over here now
I've already made arrangements go see them in concert when they come in town really yeah for the first time
I've been a fan of theirs since the 80s stuff. Well, one's that gonna be I forget later later on
Up the road apiece that's what happens when you smoke too much of that wacky stuff man you forget I
Got it on the calendar. I'll remember one the time you hold the audio on the sound good to me now
She's a young you old young me young old me old
Yeah, even that one too
This morning
I'm going to take this anymore.
Hey, man.
Twenty-two-one at QM.
This is just the sports world show.
Okay, we're just interlude here between the twenty hours of...
And more of that.
Yeah, go to get to this afternoon, boy.
That's something I'm sure not looking forward to.
This is Neil Roger.
Why do we need ten to four?
This is five-six-two-one.
Oh, yeah.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to domic people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time at Crescertation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nook there's no demand for right.
Queen is drilling it over and over into our head.
That iraq has some weapons of fastest ruckian.
What are you going to do about it?
You failed.
Three thousand people killed.
I now forgot let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught and going after satan too.
Play Kato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in London, but no one seems concerned all.
I'm being complacent, believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear for leading a manipulation and a right wing.
Queen is drilling it over and over into our head.
That iraq has some weapons of fastest ruckian.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not see-ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables are hers all are saying.
I know being a cattle don't have any reservations.
Foud and provoked battle and world annihilation.
Older children must fall in hell and burden and stoke with no objection at all.
Till the crack don't have the fall and the outright.
Queen is drilling it over and over into our brainwash pants.
I rack has some weapons of fastest ruckian.
Only I rack has some weapons of fastest ruckian.
I rack has some weapons of fastest ruckian.
I rack has some weapons of fastest ruckian.
I rack has some weapons of fastest ruckian.
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop
I'll keep you
Oh, I'll keep you
President of the
****
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
A rapist
Oh, what I did to
The boat was all
And get to win your voted all
All right
Here you are best
Don't stop, don't stop
It's drumming stupidly
Don't stop, don't stop
And this drug is rich here
Don't stop, don't stop
It's easy to
Dumbro then me
Oh, he's president of the
****
Yeah, don't care what it does
You got him here by hook or roll
To the Christian
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
Is it that the uh huh
Kind of
Did you read it?
Yeah, I did
About the World Trade Center site
Yeah, there's a single
Company
And the fact that the building is
Ag tradition
Yes, organic
It's a complex
Regret
Regret
Regret
Regret
Regret
Regret
Regret
Regret
Regret
uh... outside workers
what do i record building back that
it's a very good it's not a year ago
bomb squains out of the bomb screen
c-c-c-quinting and it's not that for this
but the thing on friday
it turned out it was a jackhammer uh... an elevator because the construction
crew is uh... doing some
remember you see that
no
i never get to follow up no
it was a bit of a jackhammer now one of the ladies
he got like hyperventilates
no no it's a good one
no good shots are fine
so five and a half hours went by and it's been millions of dollars
it's tax paid money
for uh... the bomb squad and the hazmat crew and the uh... every every
police and fifty miles of the capital
and they all went in there was like uh... nothing
yeah
and the construction crews were chocolate about a later on because i must have
been also we're making some noise in the elevator uh... jackhill
but you know yeah
uh... but the jackass is yeah including her
that bitch they took out of the internet uh... they were just
kept on going
with that bitch
stuffed arson the patoma
in fact i could have thrown her ass across the patoma just like George
Washington maybe bring him back he could he could he could he could he
her ass
and we're going to be where
nine hundred fifty five oh well we got that thousand lit easy man
we're looking at
what's your take on very bonds
without roids just another jack just another
but we don't have to talk
a very they hate you like poison man you're disgusting
phony is the day is long phony is a twenty six and a half dollar bill
two hundred sixty nine said just another jack
without those roids
with a little help from his friends
he couldn't make the baby's job one eighty two
his stats are bogus one sixty three a man to that
i hate baseball eighty eight
he's good not great seventy seven he's the greatest sixty seven sick of
fans underline the sick part including Josh quarters
for the he's the greatest the greatest what
pain in the ass
the greatest what
well maybe that too but he's the greatest player
of all time yes
no question
oh keep that going
i think you would you are in the same plan okay
not mars
it's definitely not i think it's your ainus
oh the greatest clear of all time
very bonds
i hate him fifty six and i hit this pool only fifty three out of nine fifty
uh... sixty three
what we got i told you almost had a thousand lit by one
number that story i had on kissinger and uh... Vietnam
yes
more than see this is what this is what's going on remember what i told you
whatever your government tells you it's a lie
that they tell you it's to date
look at the calendar again
just like our management whatever they tell you about a beep but a book but
about although our management don't know enough about the business to tell you
make up any stories
when i'm in the middle of that conversation in our art
uh... i just can't even describe it to you
how frustrating it is
in our new general man who's been there now a half a year and he says
all we got a plan we got a plan but let me ask you this i don't you don't want
to get involved in programming what would you do
this is the same thing you asked me back in january her favorite when it was
what would i do
so what would you
blow the place up
let you guys get out of it you advance warning but all the people i like out
of there and then just blow it up
yeah
just forget about it you know what i would do i pay everybody off
everybody under contract i pay them off full amount
and then extra ten percent just for aggravation sake
just for destroying our livelihoods in our careers in our reputations in
our credibility
and then i would then i would like to just put on her gary and mizurka's
right
only a jerk i don't like a good mizurka
more than a half century after hostilities and in korea a document from the
worst chaotic early days is come to light
a letter from the u.s. ambassador to the soul and for me the state department
that american soldiers would shoot refugees approaching their lines
the letter dated the army's mass killing a south Korean refugees at no gun
re in nineteen fifty is the strongest indication yet that such a policy
existed for all u.s. forces in korea and the first evidence that the
policy was known to upper ranks of the u.s. government
you know i give them hell harry
if refugees do appear from north of u.s. lines they'll receive warning shots
and if they then persistent advancing they will be shot
wrote ambassador john jay moochio and his message to assistant secretary
state dean rusk
letter reported on the system made a high level meeting in south korea july
twenty-fifth nineteen fifty the night before the seven u.s. cavalry regimen
shot the refugees at no gun re estimates very on the number of dead in
over in american soldiers estimated they have forage from under a hundred
to hundreds dead korea and survivors say about four hundred mostly women and
children were killed at the village of hundred miles southeast of soul the
south korean capital hundreds more refugees were killed in later similar
episodes the no gun re killings were documented in a period surprised when he
story by the ap in nineteen ninety nine which prompted a sixteen month
pentagon inquiry
the pentagon concluded that the no-go-round reshootings which lasted three days
were an unfortunate tragedy not delivered killing it suggested that panicky
soldiers acting without orders open fire because they fear that an approaching
line of families baggage and farm animals concealed enemy troops
but moochio's letter indicates the action of the seven cavalry were consistent
with policy adopted because of concern that north koreans would infiltrate via
refugee columns and it's subsequent months u.s. commanders repeatedly ordered
refugees shot documents prove how do you like that when it out
how's that sound probably don't look like it's like during the mario bolif
like when all of the delas are criminals and mental patients he sent in here
with all the other family members you know how would that have been
Bobby Graham would have said when it out take them out how would that have gone
over huh sure you go to that lots of volunteers
that's bad probably including you right that's bad for your bad for your image
9.72 on Edpole board where engine closer to that thousand mark I think I think
we'll stand before today we have to stay on the internet till four o'clock
how's that sound well we can always get food that's never problem I think every
day we're gonna stand till midnight boy and you know the best part of it I told
you about those emails I sent this morning yeah you want to hear the response
okay here it is how do you like that all right nothing zero zip but he do does
it just coolest man coolest and shoeless like a bunch of illegal refugees man
coolest and shoeless I call and beers crawling across the border
schlepping in well they got the shoes in a plastic bag because they don't want to
get them wet yeah I mean the whole the whole thing is a joke anyway the Canadian
American border you have any idea how long that thing is well I have an idea yeah
since you used to live up there in Montana right we used to go to Canadian all the time
there you go and then of course the Mexican border when and look at all the
millions and millions of shleppers of the good Catholics making babies like
rabbits down there in Latin America and they're just pouring across there and we're talking about
all protecting America and the war on terror you know it's like yeah forget about that the board
goes back there is no war on terror there is no war on terror there is no border control
and your buddy Ludobs he ain't even he ain't even scratching the tip of the iceberg okay with his
fat push with his big ugly fat face well that starts scratching looks like somebody stuck up
bicycle puppet his neck and just there are blowing out baby one of the one of those things
oh gee they have a name for those things those old fashion things that women used to do I don't
know what it was like a blow dust or something it like a accordion like device or bellows bellows
that's it tacked bellows sure only old parts like us remember bellows oh they still got them
up north get out of here people I'm what are they using for your potbellied stove and your wood stove
what they do with accessory kit they you blow you put them up around it and you blow
on the fire to get going I always suspect this is meal Roger you've got this is 5.60 Q.A.
oh boy it's the one to two hour
they have all the oil they need to keep the gas low and
nothing more than put the big green no one's in control
oh
that's everything you let's go
up to quickly to the chest
90s right instead are screwing you all
wait wait wait wait
pack up on payday please write some down
it's higher each time
wait wait wait wait
pack up on payday please
they're making profit
out of high
open your little glass the fan again trash
no boss to say to push this mask it's over with having it
you hear new spin every day
I just think you just arrived
out of the price
I just got
wait wait wait
pack up on payday please
they write the price
I just say like
wait wait wait
everyone on pay street
they buy the power
that's what they lost right
101 at 5.60 W.D.Q. I'm happy Tuesday May 30th baby
this is a
sickening story it's on our website tomorrow
floaty scenes honore marine
okay I just read the chunks of it
from the LA Times to
I'm very important it's at the Q.A.C.
Lance Corporal Role Ryan Brioen is said he's terminated by two memories of
November 19th 2005 in Haditha, Iraq
the first is the body of his best friend and fellow marine bone apart just
after dawn by roadside bomb the second is of the lifeless form of a smaller
raki girl one of two doesn't unarmed civilians allegedly killed by
mergers of a camp in a unit
Kilo company third-by-side in first marine regimen first marine division
Brioen is a wiry soft spoken 21-year-old interviewed Sunday this family home in
the central valley city of Hanford, California
said he wasn't among the small group of marines and military investigators have
concluded killed civilians including children woman and elderly men
however Brioen is who goes by the name Ryan said he took photos of the victims
and helped carry their bodies out of their homes as part of the cleanup
crew sent in late in the afternoon on the day of the killings they
range from little babies to adult males and females i'll never be able to get
that out of my head i can still smell the blood this
left something in my head and heart he said he said he erased the digital
photos he took of the scene after first providing them to the Haditha
Marine Command Center he said maybe investigators later interrogated him
about the pictures and confiscated his camera
dangerous at least two military investigators run away in the incident have
the two witches emerging as possibly the worst case of alleged criminal
misconduct by us forces the three-year-old Iraq war of the trouble rains being
investigated three or four thought to have done a killing the others have
been investigated failing to stop the killings or for not reporting the incident
truthfully Brioen is the first of his units to speak publicly about the events
his account provides background on the atmosphere and activities that they
in the afraid he's river town and the traumatic memories it left in his wake
Susie Brioen is sent she's anger which he described as the
Marines favor to adequately decompress him and other Marines when i come home from
combat she said she was writing a booktelp other families avoid what she and her
son are going through i used to be one of those Marines who said that post
traumatic stresses a bunch of bull said Ryan Brioen is the best
prescriptions for anti-depressants and sleeping pills but all this
stuff keeps going through my head it's eating me up i need immediate help
so long story i'm a little bit on our website tomorrow
bloody scenes honoree all right but we don't want to see that because that's
bad for business man although they are shown right now
the uh... all the bodies being shut out in uh...
the utilities uh...
crime bullet holes lots and lots of the exam so you ride
and other talking me like master care again we can seem to be doing these things
over and over again in the so-called wars for a no-good reason
well you can't imagine why so much of the world hates us now like poison just
remember we're the good guys and if they don't agree we'll kill them
that's right i forgot five six seven oh five sixty probably out of his
sneak a few calls in this article she think we have a few spotty ones here in
their
few spotty call i like those spotty showers and pound five sixty in the
Verizon singular wireless lines
boring smoke about tobacco
how do you like that story had on was on friday about the wiki wiki weed right
don't cause cancer i doubled my dosage just because the back of smoke does but uh...
marriage we need the don't and could even help
one of these calls a working or if it's at eight minutes away with you always have
to double check on that
but you can't help
you're right
yes sir
boy getting through his tough power you sir
it is really tough man lines of the smoke and that
i do things i think one is you're gonna really get a kick out of
some sort of this weekend the FBI is investigating ten jenny four
yeah i don't know our website over the weekend i know
oh i'm sorry miss that the other one is and this should be really good for you
and george when you're talking about these religious nuts and stuff like it
it says it did the same goes extraordinary
pro the extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof
case closed yeah i just i'd give you a try that okay thanks i didn't
uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... well he tried you know he thought i'd enjoy
you know the kind that he was a very good guy he was a very good guy he just
thought wrong you know
just like your leader thought i'd enjoy her that today's the water not so
last day as if you know what does that have to do with a price of rice and a
price of gas and a price of peanuts and with that pinocchio game you know who
cares don't ever mind a lot
won't be in that normal
that it you are you know
not a malfunction online one
that would be really bad
that it you are you know
and you
yesterday
one report you'll be happy to know that your website actually is uh... providing
a service i uh...
that on it i'm checking out that's called for nine eleven truth
website right
man if i've got me pissed off and fired up good that's the idea
absolutely no i've had about the uh... it was really about the world trade
center uh... seven building collapsed seven hours later
it wasn't hit by anything right
this is like a mandatory uh... reading website
i agree
now you've got to have just a minute and a few people are reading event time
stories but uh...
what i got for you man go out there and start a revolution
yes sir
or at least you'll have to window thanks
see the guy
yes and he's open and he's open in the window right now man
climate
uh...
uh...
uh...
like i told you the american people are as passive and they're like lemmings
man passive weak
like jellyfish
uh... we don't want
we don't want
okay
just like this slaughter continue man just like a butcher watching continue
with all this crap and all these scandals going on and then we got congressman
with ninety grand in cash
wrapped up in aluminum for their refrigerator
all your freedom is going to crap and we can't even say crap anymore much less
uh... take one more of it how we feel like it
just as much a garbage is what it is in the public is a just amazing how in twenty
or thirty a short years the public has totally been the default
can't stay man had a little to do that
now
mix and
rose
yeah
a
Hey, George.
Yeah.
How you doing, man?
OK, man.
Can I speak with Neil?
Oh, this is Neil.
Yeah.
How are you, Neil?
George, don't talk to you about bogus collars,
unless he's doing a show.
Oh, OK.
Well, we'll look at Neil.
I haven't forgotten about the me-lie massacre in Lieutenant William Kelly.
Yeah.
I haven't forgotten about it, man.
And it's the shaman that's going on right now.
You absolutely right, Neil.
And I just want to call and tell you that, man.
I'll go out there and protest, man.
Wave a sign.
I'll probably drag you around the way.
But the war, remember, yeah.
We'll like to bring some flowers for it.
Bring some lilacs, pansies, daffodils.
The two of you.
Freedom's gone, baby.
It's dead.
America's finished.
Oh, you can't say that.
Well, it just happens to be true, you know?
Freedom's dead.
Oh, come on.
How's he doing, Mitch Lewis?
He's doing just fine out there in California.
Yeah, good for him.
Good, good guy.
Getting out of that place.
What a good move.
George is moving to a Portland, Oregon.
Are you thinking about it this week?
I'm doing some more research.
W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Yeah.
Does George still looking for some more?
W-Q-I-M, hello.
Weed.
Hey.
Hello.
Hello from the Weed.
Yes.
Neil.
Yeah.
I heard you talk about Richie Habner.
Yes.
I was in the Marines with him for a while.
He was really a grave digger.
Yeah.
He was a good dude.
He had been Bob Moose.
Remember Bob Moose?
Bob Moose.
Now Bob Moose is dead.
Yeah.
He got killed in the automobile accident.
Yeah.
The funny thing is something happened about Moose.
He almost got killed one time.
And then he had an accident and he won.
I guess it was his time, man.
Oh, man.
He was crazy.
I'll tell you about Richie Habner.
He was a really good dude, man.
He was a good ball player.
He's saying it was.
He's not dead.
No, I think he was in coaching for a while.
He was coaching in the minors and stuff.
But he played for Pittsburgh for a long time.
Oh, yeah.
The third base, I know.
It was really good pirate teams.
Yep.
Yep, sure was.
Okay, thanks, Pallee.
Alrighty.
See how to write.
See how to buy prints.
He's dead too.
What a shame.
How come I don't have that clip in here?
I know.
I've played it.
You've got it in there.
I just don't have it here.
And you just can't look.
You looked and looked under what?
I know.
I've played it on that DCS, man.
Or maybe I've played it off the damn room, huh?
No, it's not under Bob and Thunder Prince.
Maybe it's under baseball.
It's not under baseball.
It's under baseball.
It's under baseball fever.
Baseball violence.
What the hell is that?
We'll be drinking every hit in the air.
We'll be drinking.
I knock one down.
It's a bad two again.
We're the big ones.
Down, I scream and shout.
We said drink again.
They never got a strike without.
Now it's both counts.
So I drink again.
I'm better not throw them out on a dark lake.
Throw it up.
I think I went to hell.
I better go and bring the shout out.
I bet you got it on a cart down there on the floor.
You got it on the cart.
Bob Prince, it says on it.
One of the interesting things is that I know he says,
Gorkat, three, three in the bottom of the seven.
One ball and one strike.
Who's going to be lined up in the one one pitch?
Come on, Jim and James are right here.
Gorkat, kiss and goodbye.
That's not good.
Oh, maybe he gets that baby out of sight.
He's cremated it.
Are there more than one cut on this cart?
I don't think so.
Because this just says Bob Prince on this cart.
When I was it, I was like,
Are you important?
When the cart recues, let's see what comes out.
I mean, he was no Dave Ann Boring.
See, this is what I'm trying to tell you, Josh.
You all listen to me.
Gorkat, three, three in the bottom of the seven.
The same thing with you.
But I mean, just about every team had like
legendary broadcasters.
There was Jack Quinlan and Harry Carey with the Cubs
and all these great, fantastic and Mel Allen,
Red Barber and Jim Woods with the Yankees.
And Jim was worked with Kurt Gaudy and Boston.
And then Harry and St. Louis.
Great, great sports casters and the Bob Prince
and all these other people.
And now, well, what do we got now?
I don't even know who these people are.
And then you tell me about Joe Buck being a great baseball
announcer.
He's good.
What did you say?
Yeah, he's good.
Great. He's very good.
I wouldn't put him in the great category.
Now, he's no Harry Carey.
No. Who is, though?
He's no Bob Prince.
He's no Mel Allen, right?
Okay.
He's no Ish Kavibble.
He's no Dave Van Boring.
Now, you've got to admit that Joe Buck's better than Dave Van Boring.
Well, it's different.
You know, it's radio and TV.
Totally different.
Oh, well, actually, we spotted that time.
I'm pretty proud of you.
You actually made a response.
People attend.
But...
2001 Vogue.
What do I tell you, man?
Just like driving over the edge of a cliff.
Just like Kathy Bates in Missouri.
I forget the beginning of the movie.
He did drive all.
He ran off the road or something.
Right.
And she went and found him.
She rescued him right.
And realized there was him and he was...
She was his biggest fan.
That's right.
The biggest.
And Radist.
He had a little bit of a kneecap problem.
And I'm going to be James Conn.
Well, this wasn't a kneecap.
It was his ankles.
And in the book.
No, no.
It was not his ankles.
Didn't she like to do his knees?
It was the...
She tied a board between his feet.
And knocked his feet sideways and inward towards each other.
Ooh.
That was a broken ankle.
But in the book, I understand she cut his feet off.
Oh!
Yeah.
Well, if that's the case, then how do you do all the other things that we some do in the movie?
I guess he doesn't crawl around.
Did he really?
In a lot of pain, I would think.
See now that.
That's just ridiculous.
How would he survive if he tapped his feet off?
Well, you know, he'd tie them off so that you don't bleed.
And then he'd chop them off.
Sounds like a book.
Sounds to me like a voice of experience.
Either that or somebody who's been studying up on this stuff.
I'd be very careful, Crystal.
I got plans.
So I think I can cut her feet off.
So I think what you're trying to say is when she cuts you off this when you're cutting her off.
Well, I'm not going to cut her feet off.
How's she going to...
Just walk away.
Nice to meet you.
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home, call our friends at Riddett Pest Control today for a free termite inspection.
Tell them that Todd Dreck is just an absolute idiot.
Riddett Pest Control uses an amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and termites.
100% on contact.
They are gone faster than you can say.
Todd Dreck get lost.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
And you don't have to tempt your house either.
Most of the companies may not want to come and put that big circus stand on your home.
That's only good in Joe Bell's neighborhood.
You don't have to worry about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels or motels.
No worry about food or pets in your health because at Riddett Pest Control, they come to your house
and they treat it with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, they're only going to have to leave it behind as a clean set of oranges for just a few days.
It's true if you have a termite problem called Riddett Pest Control right now
and ask about their amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs.
100% on contact.
No tending, no BS, no ripoffs, no kidding.
Call right now for free inspection.
There is absolutely no obligation to keep in mind again.
It's the beginning of hurricane season and termite season that go hand in gland.
For a free no obligation inspection, call Riddett at 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
Be sure and mention Todd Dreck's name.
And give him a good chuckle.
And they'll say who?
1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16QA Waxop.
Joseph Dew to preach this Mr. Bill.
Why me?
Because you're on television dummy.
In theaters now, from the director of the Da Vinci Code, it's the Bush Code.
He sent messages to him.
There's an ingenious code blocked into President Bush's rambling speeches.
Our children are in.
When this I've heard, who will we once shame on you?
We can't get through it again.
Reveals a message that actually makes sense.
I have to listen to mustard drink.
Fear of jagged angl.
And absolute nonsense.
That is a problem.
The Bush Code.
It was the biggest coveroff in human history.
I'm here to discuss our strategy.
Without knowing the facts, then again, I don't have a lot of intelligence.
Speaking of illuminating angel and demons, how do you like to think about Pope Pius XI and the Concordant in Italy?
Oh, yeah.
Hitler and Muslim and then when he changed his mind and said, hey, this isn't such a good idea.
All these innocent people are dying.
He died.
Or, huh?
Another one of them, Dr. Cups of T.
That's so popular today.
And there are those coincidental deaths.
How's it like that history of the, uh, the Pops?
Oh, yeah.
Well, we knew there were much scoundrels anyway.
And they're wealth and, uh, and the archives and how you can't go in there without, you know, the armed guards watching you.
You know, 50 miles of books and I was really interested.
And you can only, uh, get the one piece of material that you asked for and you can only take a pencil in with you and all that crap.
You know, there will be a day we won't live long enough to see it when all that's going to come down.
Right.
How about all the porn on the hand there is a bad idea to do that?
Yeah, you know it.
Maybe they let the Swiss guard watch it to get them around.
You know, they do.
Here's the facts from, uh, Amy, a white female listener under 35 from New York.
Oh!
Who can't wait for 230 months to Friday to download and show under iPod.
Thanks, Amy.
She says, you are the greatest.
Yes, I am.
I get all my news from your show and website.
And she says, uh, P.S. Vons blows.
That's correct.
And say how to Josh and George.
Hi, Josh and George.
Thurs and Josh.
I'll tell Josh when he gets back.
Oh, where do you go?
I'm out of juice.
I think so.
Oh, no.
From that lunch again, man, you guys keep eating while the show is on.
It's AC Ducey Trace.
Hi, Keith.
Welcome to Swipe Off his brow and his lip.
I'm glad that's all he's wiping.
Woo.
I think you were right.
You guessed right.
A douce.
I heard, man, you know.
I know.
I know.
Yeah.
You don't want to rush that paper.
Oh, I'm comfortable right now.
No, never catch up to me.
Well, you go back and finish the job.
You know, there's nothing worse than like, uh, cutting off in mid-
Well, too late now, you know.
I have a moist heartlet for you.
You can take that paper.
Too late now.
You know, he's probably got a load in his pants.
That's right.
Just don't get downwind.
Like some of the people are woodbite.
I guarantee you that.
In fact, there was one of the lady regulars there yesterday.
She said to me, I think that one guy's got a load in his pants.
I mean, oh, she was like swooning.
And all of a sudden, just as she said it, I got to just, it just reached my nasal
pass.
Oh, my God.
Woo.
Holy moly.
How do you smell like that?
Thousand nine votes.
Now, here's a little more on that thing.
It's from our website.
Bush's candor was scripted response to a planted question.
Not that they tried to, like, pull the wool over your eyes, the woolly bully.
Not that they tried to put on this dog and pony show and brainwash the public and lie.
That's their specialty.
Maybe we ought to put Greg Reed in the cabinet, man.
He was pretty good at lying.
Yeah.
President Bush is highly publicized that mission of regrets and moment of candor during
that joint press conference.
They were smoking it all, right?
That's why it's a joint press conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair this
past week was actually a scripted response to a planted question with a British journalist.
Capital Hill blew his learn that the question was among a list of proposed questions given
a British report is by Blair.
And at both the British Prime Minister and President Bush knew the question was coming and had
prepared responses.
Newsweek correspondent Richard Wolf says it was obvious to the press to assemble for the
press conference that Bush knew the question was coming and had a response ready.
Of course, it was very rehearsed.
Everything from the mannerisms you saw, the upwards glance up at the ceiling for inspiration
Wolf says and for me, the big giveaway was that at the end of the answer, I don't know
if you could see it on camera, but the president flashed a big grin to those of us sitting
in the front rows.
It didn't seem that it was quite as contrite as his performance.
According to multiple sources, Blair planted the question with the British report as leaving
England and informed the White House.
Both Blair and Bush had scripted responses to the question and it was predetermined that
the question would be recognized so we could ask the question.
It was a set up from start to finish as a member of the press crew that covers Blair
on a regular basis.
We knew the question was coming and we knew Blair had a response ready.
As for Bush, we didn't know if he had been brief or we suspected he had.
Two sources within the White House confirmed Bush knew the question was coming and was
ready with this scripted response.
Blair said to tell with his comment in the closing moments, you guys come on.
I want you to, the British delegation, ask a few serious questions.
The set up came in the second question.
Mr. President, you spoke about missteps and mistakes in Iraq.
Could I ask both of you which missteps and mistakes of your own, you must regret?
Regret, regret.
Bush was ready.
Sounds like kind of familiar refrain here saying bring it on kind of tough talk, you know,
that he sent the wrong signal to people.
I learned some lessons about expressing myself maybe a little more sophisticated manner.
You know, wanted to do to rely that kind of talk.
I think in certain parts of the world, I was misinterpreted and so I learned from that.
And I think the biggest mistake that's happened so far, at least in our country's involvement
in Iraq is Abu Gharr, we've been paying for that for a long period of time.
And it's unlike Iraq, however, under Sodom, the people who committed those acts were brought
up to justice, they've been given a fair trial and tried and convicted.
Wolf said Bush has to go the regret route because his other tried phrases just don't work
anymore.
I don't think those cliches actually work so much anymore, he says.
All the cliches, all the tried bull crap all the time, kind of like talking to our management.
Tried cliches, tried bull crap.
But today's the water, not his last day.
Let's see if I get a response to any of my outbursts this morning, huh?
I'm not, you know something I'm all done talking to those people.
Let them talk to Norma.
Let them talk to you.
Oh, here's two massages, neither one of them from anybody there.
Spain.
No, it's just a new stuff, you know, move on.org and some other thing, Tom Payne.
Stuff like that.
Stuff that's going on in the world as opposed to the nothingness that's going on there,
but they got some plans, baby.
We got some plans, like we never used to say, we got package plans.
Evil plans?
Well, I sure miss him.
I sure miss all the good radio people, man.
They're all dead.
At least most of them.
Yeah.
Squirt word.
I'm just telling you right now, most of the real radio people.
Of course, we miss suds too, but you'll, you know, let's see, when are you going to have
mine this summer all the time on Fridays?
As much as possible.
He needs a busy man, you know, as much as Rams and Crutch.
Busy doing what?
Oh, who knows?
Get out of here.
What if my wife worked and I had my days free?
I'd be busy too.
Yeah, well, I don't think he's busy doing that.
How do you know?
Well, I don't.
Stay's young somehow.
Yeah.
He was hanging out with Rick's cheerleading wife.
I don't know.
You know, he's only two years younger than you.
And when your pride is, he sure looks like 15 years younger than me.
It's a work for the gray hair, which isn't that what you're trying to say?
Yeah, he looks like he does.
He does.
He does.
I look like an old toad, but I'd say he'll want to get old with no 63.
No, he'll be there over 62.
You look, you look normal.
50-ish, right?
I could pass for like 56.
Yes, you could.
Yeah.
Well, how do you know?
You haven't seen me in a long time.
I guess five.
I guess five.
I like my skin.
And now I like redo it every, every second day.
I don't let it even grow like a little bit every two days.
I like to skin him few, right?
Do you like to do?
Do you like to rub it?
And you go like my own hair.
I don't hate to rub it.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to record.
I'm going to PVR that, you know, you know that Josh Cortis don't have PVR?
I don't either.
You write PVR.
Well, on your thing, it's DVR.
My, what the hell is this?
I don't know what DVR is.
What?
We're not Canadians.
I have a DVD that can recordable DVD player.
Well, there you go.
But Josh doesn't have that.
You don't have it.
He doesn't even have a VCR anymore because they went out with Nicaris.
So I have a VCR.
I've got to give him a VCR for anything.
So you can watch Gone With The Wind.
Buy him a VCR for Christ's sake.
See, I got a hand me down.
He can have.
Well, good, good.
Did they make cleaning tapes for those things anymore?
Why, you got dirty heads?
That's got to be it's old.
Just like QA and Man, you ever go in there and take a look talk about dirty heads?
You should have seen the bathroom on Memorial Day, man.
It was memorialable.
There must have been a party over here this weekend that we weren't invited to.
Or maybe a fat boy had a little problem.
When we the first time, 28 past 1, a QA of here, cigar smoke, we're allowed to kick back
with a good premium Stogi.
Then Behia cigars, Vitone, where Hania is for you.
He's hard to find cigars.
I made with first grade tobacco process, aged up to 10 years.
Behia is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small bites, hard to find tobacco.
Behia gold, a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar, 15 out of cigar and cider, and
9.1 by Schmok Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced, full-bodied Nicaraguan cigars, got earthy hints of dark
roast coffee, chocolate, spicy pepper flavors.
Let's stand on a rain-naked until him were the cigars.
Also tried to be here to say of the hottest release of cigar in the last 10 months.
The decai gets a high rating of 91 by cigar, fishing out of cigar and cider.
It's a big, powerful cigar, even fidelwood like this, with complex notes of leather, earth,
and pepper.
The finish is long and full-bodied with additional spicy note of charred wood.
And if you want to save 40% off on all your Behia cigars, when you call us toll free number,
tell them that old Neil Rogers, don't be ashamed.
Don't be too embarrassed.
Tell Neil for the decai will save 40%.
1 835 a year.
That's 1 800-35 BAHIA.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-QAZ.
Neil.
I've been to Iraq nine times in the last three years.
I've seen bombs and blood.
I've seen death and democracy.
I've seen a lot.
But what have I heard?
That's easy.
Lionel Ritchie.
Well, my friends, the time has come.
There is a root blow up someone.
You don't need to shoot any gun.
Get up there and plant bombs.
I've got plant bombs, plant bombs.
I have the mind that they're in the street.
If they do watch it, they put their feet.
We're going to party while we dig and have those experiences.
And listen to those lion nails too.
All night, all night, all night.
All night, all night, all night.
All night, all night, all night.
We're all night, all night, all night.
We'll get the enemy.
I can't do that, I don't mention all my bombs.
All night, all night, all night.
We'll do it, sleep with me.
I'd bomb them if they'd stand.
We'll stop all night.
All night, all night.
In a country torn apart by sectarian divisions, the one thing soon is that should I share
is a complete and utter devotion to Lionel Ritchie.
They are a united Legion for Lionel.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
135, 25, go to, we got a 133 votes on a pool man.
Everything is just going swimmingly well until two and when that comes along, all week long.
Oh God.
Thank God for that big Orlando rumor yesterday, a candle Toyota, you know what?
Yeah, that's what I said.
Thank the Lord for that.
In fact, you know who you can thank?
Damn, yeah, that one.
I think I made the right choice.
We both agree.
Over here.
Both of you had a productive two hours, at least more productive than sitting there on Memorial Day,
trying to do a show on a holiday when there ain't nobody.
I mean, only the most lifeless of the Desperadois would be around on Memorial Day.
When you agree, everybody was out at the beach.
Tobacco, deadly in any form or disguise, is the slogan of the World Health Organization's number one to,
let me try it again, World No Tobacco Day tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
The claim is false.
Tobacco is not deadly.
The harm is in the smoke.
A policy that confuses innocuous tobacco with harmful smoke is responsible for millions of avoidable deaths each year worldwide.
This is in the Washington Post.
Cigarette smoke is a deadly delivery device for a benign but habit-forming product.
Nicotine.
Nicotine isn't especially dangerous about like caffeine.
Good policy toward tobacco.
Use would reduce the grave harm of smoke by replacing cigarettes with non-smoked forms of nicotine for the addicts.
They might use nicotine safely forever, if harmless delivery system were widely available.
Instead, nicotine abstinence is the policy maker's only approach to tobacco like other abstinence campaigns, alcohol, prohibition, sexual abstinence before marriage, just saying no to drugs.
This one is both more realistic and ineffective like all the other ones.
The human cost of the nicotine abstinence policy is doleful.
More than 430,000 U.S. deaths each year, one out of every five can be attributed to smoking.
This is 10 times our death rate from car crashes, 30 times,
and about 30,000.
The rate from AIDS, and unprecedented toll, that's a testament to the inadequacy of 40 years of quit smoking policy.
The Surgeon General reported smoking to be a health hazard back in 1964,
but the net effect of smoking cessation messages since then is that between 4 and 5% of smokers put each year.
Of the approximately 14 million Americans who tried to quit smoking year, but you're only two million succeed.
That paid their leaves 45 to 60 million Americans smokers, more than a fifth of American adults, most of them smoke regularly, like George.
He just knows most cigarettes.
Great.
Another million and so start smoking each year.
In fact, all of the Americans alive today who ever smoke regularly happen and are still smoking now.
Obviously, nicotine uses a popular intonation habit.
Equally, obviously, tobacco policy is a failure.
Surveys show that a majority of current smokers were like good alternatives to smoking, using ways of getting nicotine,
but we won't tell nicotine uses that there are safe ways to continue to do the legal drug that they crave.
Apparently our policy makers read to see these people get sick and die.
That's right.
Alternative nicotine delivery could be easy.
Nicotine replacement therapy could work long term.
Common, the packs are already available, but not to everyone.
What the ISIS leave.
Also, they are still approved only for short term use and can deliver only small doses inadequate for heavy users.
Smokless tobacco would work.
It comes in several forms.
One is two in tobacco made famous by cowboys and ball players, but other forms are handier, less messy and far less dangerous than smoking.
I thought people get lip cancer and mouth and all kinds of other answers from, huh?
They add all kinds of evil poisons and those things.
So I see.
You have health officials label smokless tobacco as not a safe alternative to smoking, despite much evidence that it is quite safe.
Oh, that is not so scuttle, I cramp it.
Indeed, current policy is so what nicotine actually said, officials rely to discourage widespread use of smokless tobacco as a way of delivering the drug.
Just to put a pinch between your cheek and gum.
You have prepared to be satisfied.
As Carl Phillips and epidemiologist at the University of Alberta has shown evidence points to a low risk of health hazards, stemming from smokeless tobacco use.
That includes virtually no evidence of risk of oral cancer.
Phillips calculations show that total mortality from smokless is about one hundredth of that from smoking, one hundredth.
And then there's what many smokers nowadays really do.
Mixed periods of abstinence encouraged by smoke free workplaces and restaurants with periods of light smoking.
Mixing light of occasional smoking with other nicotine delivered products might even be safer, but it can't be studied as impossible alternative because current funding goes on into research and how to quit smoking, not finding a safe level of smoking.
How shameful that the US is wanting to allow almost half a million Americans to die each year and that the WHO is prepared to allow up to five million annual deaths worldwide, all because of a delivery device cigarette smoke whose hazards are well known and largely avoidable.
I never heard of anybody who died from second hand chaw.
No, when you would let their spit in your face, no.
Not that's true.
We're in the usually progressive public health establishment on us.
We are generally not giving it a telling people stop doing what you're doing.
We prefer health promotion in a form of seatbelts, motorcycle helmets, condoms, syringes change, ingredient labels and warning labels, rather than forcing people to quit their habits.
But with tobacco we've jettisoned our tolerance and throw all our support to nicotine abstinence.
We can't ignore tobacco when it's one deadly disguise cigarette smoke.
Neither should we ignore a deadly nicotine abstinence crusade disguised as tobacco control.
It's that smoke man, second hand smoke.
And guess what happens in Ontario on Thursday?
I don't know, it's a big smoke out smoke.
No, it's a draw.
No more than smokeers, it falls you in Niagara.
All indoor businesses, man, no moss, no more smoking.
I like it.
I just don't, I've never been one of those militant anti-smokers because they used to smoke a long long go when I was in college.
Right?
But it just, by the same token when you haven't smoked it a long time and when you're around people like you blow in your face, it's very annoying.
By the same token? You can't talk on the smoking?
I'm just telling you, I'm not talking about that kind of smoke.
No, no, in a casino situation it can be downright oppressive depending on how many people are in a casino.
Yes, and they always are dangling that baguette from their fingers in such a way.
It's almost like they're looking out of the corner, they're at the angle to make sure it's all whopping right up in your push, you know?
And you always have the bad luck of being right in the spot where the smoke is billowing so it goes right in your eye.
Right, that's right in your eyes are cheering up and then when you hit the jackpot you can't even see the machine mine.
You just hit a belgowaw, the wall, what happened?
Yeah, hopefully, I don't think so.
1041 votes on the Berry Bonds poll, Berry Day hates you man, they wish you would die.
They wish that you'd get a tumor the size of your fat ass.
What's your take on Berry Bonds, a 1041 votes without the Royads just another jock, 295.
Just another jock.
He couldn't lick the babes jock, 197.
His stats are bogus 179.
I hate baseball 97.
He's good, not great, 88. He's okay. Never stole a freight train.
And never, never got the failed the drug test, that guy was great.
He's the greatest 68, jackpot at 20 times.
I hate him 60 and I hate this pool only 57.
They like the Berry Bonds poll man.
Hey Berry, they like your pool.
With lightning quick speeds, latest features and security,
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 995 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes, Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL15.
And up to 100 times faster than dialup, whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games, or just surfing your favorite sites.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free features, all kinds of like the fan,
video mail, Comcast, Rhapsody, radio plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few.
Not only that, but you also get Macapy security tools included, so you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure.
What you be waiting for start doing a lot more faster than you ever could before.
Set up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 995 a month for two months.
You'll wonder how you ever manage without it.
Call in day 305 Comcast or in Broward 954 Comcast.
This is Neo Roger.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
This is Neo Roger.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
This is 5.62.
Oh, that's probably forgetting something which was flawed?
And if I rose to, oh believe everything we can
And the state will run you
Bloodworn for cornbread
We'll up your escondain
A roof and tiny bush, bring you
That has to say
We don't mind to see our God's role
A by the time of these wolves
We're fascinated by jail
Welcome
We're not stupid wolves
All the hour is crazy
The past has arid his way
Everybody's turning back
Yes, that's us USA
What has that had to do with Taylor Hitch?
An American idol, hey Taylor!
BAAAMING!
You're fairing!
149, 112, we got GELDI coming up
A man, this should tell you what women do to men
This story epitomizes what it does
And also about those cruises
What I tell you when you're out there in the middle of the water
And nowhere to go?
A man returning from the British Virgin Islands
on a cruise ship with his family
Through himself into the Atlantic Ocean after arguing with his wife
And couldn't be found despite a Coast Guard search
Carnival cruise line said in a statement
that his carnival legend vessel was on route from
Tortola just after 1 a.m. Saturday
When the passenger was seen jumping overboard
That's a woman oldudia
Yeah, that's right
I know it's right
The Coast, that's why they got all these widows
And very few widowers man
A woman looked to be like 90
And the guys at 60 they croaked
From the stress, from the agra, from the agita
From the nudging, the kvitching, the nagging
The Coast Guard said a C-130 airplane crew
It's a helplot for the man
But after 12 hours without fighting
And they sent the cruise ship on its way to New York
Where it talked last night or Sunday night
The passenger said they were told the man
A father of a young child had argued with his wife
And his cabin before jumping over the balcony
They said a collar bravo, bravo used to alert crew members
To a serious incident, was heard over the ship's announcements
Maybe they were just complimenting him on his dive
That's right
Eight point nine
Right, even though 9.6
Even though we decided to do that
It was still upsetting for his family
Everybody else on board
No
Oh
Oh
You people I know is crew ships man
A sucker is born every minute I keep telling you
God
Speaking of a sucker born every minute getting
Is wasting a lot of money
I don't want to say I told you so but you know what
Did you tell us so?
Yes
No for a township me to him
The FBI is ending its two research of a suburban Detroit horse farm
After finding no trace of Jimmy Hoffa's remains
Open county
Well maybe if he just got a rather one there
He could open up out components vault again and find that empty wine bottle
Open county prosecutor David Garcia, Dorsaka, whatever his name is, told the A&P
He was informed by Bloomfield Township police that the search was ending without any remains found
At the hidden dreams farm in Milford Township
I could have told him that for a very small fee
Just a few more
Small, okay
Oh I don't know
You just cost for $6,000
And I want that
Oh I didn't know more to it
I think there's more to it
There's another kind of
$1,000 and one kind of
Yeah I know that
FBI spokeswoman Dawn Clayton didn't immediately return to call from the A.P.C.
Can come
Let's do embarrassing
Hoffa disappeared in July 1975 from a Detroit area restaurant about 20 miles from hidden dreams farm
Land once owned by Hoppy Associates
Rolled McMaster
His attorney
McMaster's attorney said he wasn't surprised the search was wrapping up with the mystery still unsolved
We never expected there was anything there he said
Adding that the FBI felt like pressure to respond to the tip
Lest it seem it wasn't trying to solve the case
First of all what if they do solve the case
Yeah I mean this isn't exactly like Elvis where there are people running around
Oh Jimmy Hoffa is still alive
I saw him having a cup of coffee at Starbucks
Nobody says Jimmy Hoffa is still alive
He sleeps with a fish is okay
Just like Luca Brasi
That's right
He sleeps with a mod killed him right like we don't know that
Brasi sleeps with a fish
Well he was on his way to meet with two mobsters who are crying out loud
Didn't you see the movie with the...
That's right
It's Danny Navito is in the movie
That is correct
Right who do I always say is in it
Ojo Peci
And Jack Nicholson
Jack Nicholson is in the Hoffa movie
Wasn't he Hoffa?
That's correct
Now that you mentioned it
Well I had a... I kind of soured on him after the shiny
The...
Yeah that was the only highlight of the whole movie
That was the only good part
That's it the big chase scene there
No the big chase into that maze of...
It was pretty amazing
What's that?
Through the house and everything with the axe and...
Oh yeah
And then there's also the chase scene at the end where in the snow where he's chasing the three of you
That was a great big build up to nothing boy
He flew that whole way
He was gonna save them and you know...
He's dead
He died pretty quick in there
That's right
He's dead man
Can we even say that anymore?
Not anymore
Oh
Just like Joyce
What channel he was watching when he was a...
You know on his little vacation there?
Yeah that's right
Watching Glenn Rinker and Ann Bishop
And the channel thing is the other thing in the theater
Because originally started moving the theater in the downer
And the crowd went on a...
Gushry when a...
Oh channel 10 with his news
Well that's because they saw him in Bishop so they screeched
I'd scream
I wonder if Sandy Payton ever brought her body back
154 at 560 WQM
We got the Geltie Show
He's gonna be doing a lot of this from 2 to 4
Oh yeah
Me, Shack the Bendigo
The Bendigo
If you have a business that you need to get customers away from the competition
And here's the perfect business partner for you
Pubset printing and design
Pubset can design and print everything you need in your arsenal
Just like at the display booth they made about me on our website
Read the bottom of the page right below and wait down there on the bottom
All the way down to the bottom
Or see even more of their phenomenal work at PubsetSF.com
Pubset can print everything from business cards to banners
Postures to their specialty
Creates your booths and displays
Pubset design and printing the very best for over 14 years
And don't forget Pubset can handle an all in house
Column at 9.5.4
7.7.272.75
And tell that mufflin's he told you to call
9.5.4
7.7.272.75
But you have to see for yourself on their website pubsetsf.com
Look your best and get those new customers
It's your business and it's Pubset's business to make you look really great
Call 9.5.4
7.7.272.75
Or online go to their website at pubsetsf.com
As in fan print if go
Look for my picture on there building a Dixie Highway
Just know the commercial and make your plots
Choose the very best Pubset printing and design
Column at 9.5.4
9.7.272.75
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69.8
It's day
Oh, if I have to tell
So go go go go
Have 5.69.WQA
Let's abuse some more prisoners
Make them scream nice and loud
Get me some wires and a battery pack
I don't care if they eat from my rack to see views
Use you to the torture
Cause they're just laying their game
In the past
It had to be worse with the dumb who said
There was no actually the Prince Secretary
Turned it out that kind of phrase
Become the notion of fries
Since he's a wise punk is not from Fox Nancy
He's
They get my dad his dad
Not enough black side in New Orleans
Wishing white prey in color
Another killer honeykin
I don't want to call this our baby
That's up for the white and white
God don't show
Take it away
I don't want to talk to anybody
I can't know what it can blow
With good and foolish snow
And gonna take a man
And till they find
And up the foot of salt
And they can send you to games
No, that's not
With that too
I don't like the view
If you ain't gonna see that on the news card
Another son of a pink
Push out in his dumbass
Push out his jaw
See him
Permanent or deny another
If she ain't from former deny it
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
Maybe she would have the last
But the pillow
But he says
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
And look at you go
Bony snow is snowy
I can't confirm her
deny this administration has no comment
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
I hear the voices
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
I hear the voices
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
I hear the voices
He's gonna jump in jazz
Now you see
Do what the day is before we can paint
A paid pilot keeps
For the white house
Grimming on designer wall
He's
He's
He's
The President of Alabama
And Assistant Wall
Tony will then go before
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
No
You ain't got no clever lividies
If you be dead
only to this
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
I looked at you go
Bony snow
I don't want to talk to Farbeys
Bye, bye, bye
