If you're listening to this message, chances are you're not at your computer or watching your TV.
You are listening to the radio which is interesting because you are not engaged in anything we're about to discuss.
Watching your TV on your computer which means this could-
For nothing's changed.
The following program is rated BU69 by the American factory.
It contains graphic violence, religious blasphemy,
dissenting political viewpoints about our Lord God-in-Vastard.
I mean, Vastard.
Basian.
Partial nudity.
Frenthal nudity.
Imply butt nudity.
Naked women flying in and out of the room like birds. That's smell nice.
Adult language.
Meaning great big words that only few adults would know.
Hucka dancing.
Oily knobs.
And a hostile Julio that has skews daily talking points.
Most of you may never see his point.
It's hidden from view in a very dark and secret place.
So send your children out of the room.
Make sure your wife is in home.
Lock the door.
Remove your pants and slip on those panties you took from her drawer
as you write a complaint letter to the FCC while enjoying the George Rodriguez show.
Hmmmm.
The other wife, you know?
gunshot.
I rolled me, I ate the sharpest two in the shed
Then my crats said I was dumb with their fingers
And their thumbs and the shape of a W on their forehead
Now, the scams are coming and they don't stop coming
Never should've let Dick Cheney go hunting
Getting makes sense to give up the ports
Or try to put Harriet Myers on the court
A blue grade but scooter living
These are the things that do not help me
You never know how it'll go
I've never seen Paul's Islam
Oh no!
Hey now, I'm a lame duck
Sitting here with no friends
Hey now, I'm a lame duck
Waiting here for the end
My only friend is Carl Roll
Even he thinks this is getting old
My second term is on hold
So I sit here collecting my own
Look at this, right off the bat
I don't even have a chance to say the time
10-01, 5-60 QAM
Niels at the dentist
Getting drilled, filled and crowned and capped
And what not?
That's part of these things
What am I supposed to say?
And here we go with the three page facts
We went over this before but let's do it again right now
Since I'm in a bitchy mood
Since I got this head cold and I'm stuffy
Maybe later it'll get exciting, Josh
Because I took two of those little red pills
Well I took one earlier and it didn't seem to have any kind of an effect
I neither did the formula 44D that I've been drinking for breakfast this morning
Along with that, you got to come up with the name of that thing man
We were called paninis
Paninis?
Paninis, you want to run that by Joyce?
Can we even say that?
I like my paninis man
I know a lot of people would be interested in hearing that
They're called paninis and paninis
Paninis, okay, that sounds good
That sounds good
Over at the wild beenery, I know it's called the wild beans
Cafe, it's not really a cafe, I don't know why they call it that
See if they had called it the wild beenery, that would be a little bit funny and clever
But you know, don't leave as a corporate people to come up with anything funny
Or clever
And they're great, the computer makes them
Sorta?
Sorta, they made by robots, they kinda look to them
Right?
You punch in the order in a computer
A robot makes it in the back room like the Jetson
And it falls out a shoot
And it's great, it's like what do you call it?
An omelet in a pocket?
Yeah, I mean, you know, they got lunch ones too
I don't know how they're done, like they're an omelet
With bacon and cheese and stuff inside of it, different kinds of omelets
But it's sandwiched in between bread, sorta
It's like a tortilla
Like a tortilla kind of thing
And a square
That's pressed in a mold, sealed all up
So that you can actually hold it, nothing oozes out the sides
It actually works, in other words
Unlike other kind of pocket, like hot pockets for example
I don't know if you like hot pockets, I like hot pockets
But when you're eating the hot pocket every once in a while
It will start oozing out the back, you know
Oh yeah
See, these things stay together all the way through
And they stay hot
Yeah
Like I don't know how long it takes, I mean I know it's only two blocks away
But those things are great, I could have one of those things every freaking day
Yeah, I've been addicted, man
It works and it's not greasy on the inside too
I don't know how they do it, like they have this extra not greasy bacon on the inside
Good stuff
We'll have to ask the robot
And if I had a clear head, I could actually taste that thing
By the way, Miguel, thanks for this little liner, I'll read it a lot
12 to 2 today at the grand opening of Advanced Auto Parts
That's where Miguel will be at the van
Look what I had to do to sort of read this thing
I had to write in big red letters under what he wrote
Like why don't you write these the way that people would read it Miguel
Under what he wrote, I had to write other things
So that I would be able to read it for example
For example, Miguel will be at the van and then an arrow pointing up to the line that I have to read
That would normally be read first
And then the stuff that I added so that I can turn it into a sentence
Into a statement
Instead of just leaving it up to your imagination to kind of assemble it
And then I would piece it together while you're on the air, Miguel
We should actually have Miguel do the show just once on some really obscure holiday
Just so that he can relate
Everyone who has to support the air staff should be forced to do at least one show so that they can relate
Just doing that one Labor Day show years ago for Neil
Opened up a whole world of understanding that I had to apologize like the very next day
Sorry for here's a list of things that I was doing that I didn't realize
You know we're incredibly annoying like talking to other people while the show is going on
And it's not necessarily like your fault Josh or the person in there
People come in and just start engaging you in conversation in the middle of the show
Like London Leaf for example, how can I forget that?
Who is never heard of them? I had to call Boca Bryan and it inspired a bit
I'll play it after the next break
I came to Miguel if you're out there since we can't talk about the shield
Unacceptable that he did not see it that's so much to talk about
The shield is getting so good, well getting so good
It is so good and getting better
Like they just keep topping themselves it's very tough to do
They could maintain the same level and I'd be happy but no no
That's not good enough for them unlike the sopranos which we were talking about this morning
Where I know we're gonna watch it
I'm gonna give it another shot
I'm gonna shuffle my feet to the TV, sit down and with a very deadpan, burst lip, expecting nothing kind of a face
I'm gonna watch it
Like you said too there's nothing else on Sunday
There's nothing else on Sunday until Rome comes back
Oh yeah, please we need our fix
What are Titus and Polo? Wait, what are Titus and Lucius gonna do next?
Yeah
What are those two gonna get into next?
But the shield has been just so you're rewatching it?
You know it's hard for me
I know you got a girlfriend
It's not that I just I never watched it you know I
Here we go again, episode after you know an episode here and there so I don't know really what's going on in the whole thing
Hey area code 305-223-1230
Stop faxing stories
Here's what I was starting to say about the stories that people like to fax stories all day long
There isn't a story in existence in the world that Neil is unaware of
Alright?
If Neil is interested in it he has already read it three times by the time you've read it the first time
And by the time you faxed it it's been posted, read and taken off of the website for three days
You think you're important you think you're helping you self-important holes out there
With your set this was a seven page fax that I just canceled and why are you all waiting like you're paying for the paper?
No I'm not the company is some of us would like to get a raise you know we don't like the excuses that we get while your show budget is already so high
And you know and the cost of this and the cost of that and the and the fax paper you know they'll throw every excuse in your face to try to get a raise
If you've gotten yours yet?
Yeah
What are you doing?
Mine was doing January
You know so you know we do our job to try to keep the company from wasting money, wasting all this paper, wasting this very expensive fax cartridge that goes in here
Not that you know not that that's the issue the issue is this thing grinds out paper all day long
And out of out of 20 sheets that comes through that machine maybe one of them is worth sending along the Neil or even acknowledging stupid questions
People who think they're funny with jokes that aren't
Complaints wrong numbers news releases this is like news agencies to get thrown out press releases not to mention the spam facts advertising that's going on
And then compounded on top of that see all of those things that I just mentioned right there would keep this thing grinding all day long and it does
But then you got these people that these self-important oh look at me I found a story that you guys might be interested in
Yeah, we might be interested in it except guess what you'll already read it and it's probably already on the website and if it isn't it's because he didn't think it was worthy
So stop faxing stories everyone and almost always it's something that we already have posted almost always
And if it isn't we don't care how's that stop faxing stories and these people that are faxing from their computers prints of facts and facts to the number
And then you cancel it and it reprints mark I don't want to mention anybody my name
We understand that's a system you're using and understand this I understand that's the system that you're using and I don't care
All right just because you facts that way doesn't mean that we have to accept your facts that way go facts yourself all right go facts yourself hard stop faxing us
But hey what's that got to do with the shield which was so damn good today's musical guest will be cab Callaway
And there's a reason for that you probably never heard of cab Callaway in your life I don't think I have
Vokobrine doesn't give you any credit he doesn't give anybody any credit he expects young punks like you to be aware of all of the great things that happened before you were born just automatically
And I try to defend punks like they were shared with me not you specifically because right but punks like you I try to defend you and say look the punks today even the well intended ones like Josh got no chance
MTV isn't sharing these things with people there are no channels telling the children of the world about the cool people of the past
And most of the punks today wouldn't give any of that kind of stuff a chance and those who would like Josh have no chance so it takes people like us to bring you together with people
Now cab Callaway is way before my time all right all right I first became aware of cab Callaway watching the blues brothers movie the first one did you ever see the first blues brothers movie
Yeah, I did okay very good movie. I thought I saw it in the theater and I didn't know the greatest car chase ever only car chase that I know of where God was actually involved
Can you think of any other car I mean I've seen some good car chase scenes and movies before that that one topped them all to date
Think of any other more involved drawn out mega car chase than that one right there
I mean that was a chase yeah everybody was chasing them the cops the red necks the Nazis it was a terrible it was great cab Callaway was the black dude that was in the orphanage that taught them how to play
Remember they went to visit him in the beginning of the movie and then later on at the concert when they were late cab Callaway filled the time by performing many the moocher one of his songs from the past
Remember that I did hi hi hi hi hi in the audience when I did I did I did you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what I know that all right well that's cab Callaway first time I ever heard of the man I'm sure that the people in the audience who were aware of him from the past were all really impressed
Oh hey look it's cab Callaway nothing to me at the time but recently I became more and more aware of cab Callaway including seeing something on either the history channel or biography or one of these things where they were showing footage of all of these big bands from the past
The ones that started redefining the way that things were because you know there used to be in the classical music phase there was this big orchestra and then you you know that they had people like Glenn Miller and Lawrence Welk where the orchestra would play something danceable and the old people would go out there and dance and it was pretty lame and certain people like Glenn Miller for example who you've heard you've heard in the mood then at that you know where they started to innovate they wanted to live and things up a little bit they started rearranging the music to make it a little bit more difficult to do and then you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you know
what you know that you know what you know what you know what you know that as you know what you know what you know what you know what you know what you're doing right right right right right right right right right right right Pay
to hate and fear.com was sent to some weird stuff in the past, something that I'm going
to play in a little while.
And I'm going to play the Reaper Man, which I have played before.
Cap Calaway singing about Reaper.
The song that I'm going to play was from 1940.
And now certain things are starting to make sense.
It'll make sense once I play it.
Cool.
Because I talked about something before.
Remember I told you about my stepdad and the little character he told me about.
Of course.
Of course.
And it's one of my favorites.
And I'm thinking, you know, my old stepdad made it up and I was giving him credit for
it.
Plagiarist old man.
Ah.
Rotten off.
Come together.
You plagiarist old man ripping off Cap Calaway.
1013 on 560 WQA.
We're hopping in the time machine.
Won't you come along and gain?
Here's the golden vector from WQA.
Right now.
Here's the man on every tone.
Grandpa, Grandma and the young.
What's the fuss with all the bouts they just find to find out?
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
Someone please lend me a hand.
Solve this mystery if you can.
If he's my sorry, if he's man.
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
One dark night, but half past three.
I've torn out up in a tree.
He looked down and he yells at me.
Who's your order?
He man hovers getting moody.
God is men on double duty.
Trying to find out who's your order.
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
The little man who wasn't there.
Said he heard him on the air.
No one seems to know from WAB.
Who's your order?
Under the big and tremendous heart in the middle of this year.
Still can call the film.
Remember Miguel will be at the grand opening event out of part
at 7701 this week.
But we have 12 o'clock.
Bill 2 has a student, a teacher, $20 each.
All proceeds benefit of band and pet rescuing for a lot of day.
That's it.
No kill, animal shelter, a doctor or not.
I hear you hooting over there.
You hooting is everywhere.
I don't know where he starts singing here.
I haven't heard him listen to all the way through.
I'm just like a play by ear.
Lord, tap.
If you ever seen this guy, I mean besides the blue brothers.
Some of the footage from the younger years.
I prefer performing.
Very, very cool guy.
Did you mean to step on your head?
Someone has given us a hand.
Stop this mystery if you can.
If he's my, sorry if he's man.
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
One dark night, Bob, half my screen.
I saw an owl up in a tree.
And they looked down and yelled at me.
Who's your hooting?
Did he make hoovans get in moody?
God has men on double duty.
Trying to find out who's your hooting.
Who's your order?
Who's your order?
The little man who wasn't there said he heard him on the yard.
No one seems to know from where.
Who's your hooting?
So, Clarence Leroy would the third.
My former stepfather who's dead.
You're a plagiarist.
You ripped off Cap Calaway.
I should have known.
Everything out of that man's mouth was either stupid or made up or stolen or something like that.
Full of crap old man.
Because remember, I told you that the whole Yehudi thing.
Because I pulled Yehudi out of my ass one day when we were talking religion.
And I don't remember what I referenced it to.
It was like there was just as much evidence that Jesus was born as Yehudi.
Or something like that.
Yeah, I just got a kick out of that.
Not always got a kick out of it.
But I thought I was the only one.
Funny sounding name.
And it was Cap Calaway that made that up.
The funny man, little man, who wasn't there.
So, my stepfather would, he would say that Yehudi was the guy that opened the electronic doors.
When I was young before I realized that the guy was an idiot who thought he was funny and liked to make things up.
I asked him a honest question like how do the doors open at the supermarket, the automatic doors?
And I didn't know if it was a pressure pad or what.
But obviously it was the pressure pad.
And he gave me this song and a dance about there.
That an invisible little man named Yehudi.
They're like no really.
Is it a pressure pad or is it, you know, radar sensor?
Come on old man.
But he no, no.
It's a Yehudi, little guy and he sits above the door and he opens the door when he sees people coming.
And that's going to be our new church now.
Thanks to Cap Calaway.
Now we have a hymn.
How do you like that?
These are our Elrond's all coming together.
And you know what?
Why is good for acronyms like church of Yehudi could be coy?
You know, Yehudi is God, Yehig.
Right?
People ask you about that when you have a Yehig.
What's a Yehig?
Yehudi is God.
Right?
Just as much evidence that he existed.
As Yashki.
As Jesus.
Jesus.
Don't give me this Josephus business.
Somebody I forget who.
Maybe it was Yehudi.
Set me an article about the whole Josephus thing which, which, it's nice to have it written for him because I had seen that on one of these histories of the Bible and stuff like that.
Josephus, the Jewish historian who was, who supposedly wrote all about Jesus.
That was inserted way after the fact and it was proven at the time and every generation afterwards established that paragraph was inserted.
They know the name of the guy of the monk that inserted it.
He was criticized at the time for doing it.
He was criticized afterwards.
Previous historians that wrote all about Josephus somehow, even the Christian ones, didn't find that passage that just appeared 400 years after Josephus had wrote it.
Because little treat is there on the history of the Jewish people.
And it's just one little paragraph.
How amazing that in all the writings.
But we're not going to get into religion today because we have so many other things like this facts from Mike and Melbourne.
And Mike, the answer to your question, he's asking why do you still use a paper of facts machine?
Well, because that's what Neil liked when he was here.
And he has one up there.
And I wanted to have a computer facts machine kind of thing, but we haven't gotten that yet.
Now, Neil had an old computer that wound up over an engineering and I'm still stucked up.
So sorry, that's the best I can do today.
I can't really tell him to take three pills last.
I had a coughing stone in the middle of the night last night.
I didn't think I was going to come back from just chunks of lungors, man.
Cough so hard, I almost puked. You ever do that?
Oh, you have to red-eyed coughing in the sink there.
Hooray!
We have a paper facts machine because, because.
Because we work here.
That computer that wound up in engineering, I asked them about that.
And I said, hey, you know that computer that Neil replaced and you guys took it in here to see if you could get it back working.
Did you ever get it back working?
And can we use it as a computer to receive faxes on all bring an extra monitor?
And we can use that to receive faxes and just connect it to the printer.
We have a fax or a printer scanner thingy here.
And I was told by fix it all.
We used that computer for parts and Neil said we couldn't.
I said, oh, they're in well.
So much for that.
Idea.
And so here we are.
And you know what?
I canceled the fax and they refacted it in seven papers.
I was told, okay, we're good.
I went into the garbage and you're just wasting your time and our paper and our ink.
But hey, whatever.
Right?
Why should it bother me?
What's that got to do with the fact that I can't read through my nose today?
And I wasn't able to taste that.
What is it called again?
I'm going to write it down.
A panini.
A note.
A P-A or P-I or P-A or P-I.
P-A-N-I.
I am.
Careful how you spell it.
P-W-P-A-N-I.
I am I.
I am I.
Panini.
Right over here at the wild beanery cafe at the BP gas station.
I hate going to the BP because they cat me out at 40 bucks with the gas.
Have you noticed that?
Oh, I've got the diesel going.
So I got to go.
It's start well.
You got a Volkswagen.
How many gallons does that take?
Half a gallon?
I know.
That's your tank.
It holds what?
Half a gallon of gas?
Yeah.
Because mine holds 100.
I'm kidding.
I don't know.
Dodge Dragon said.
I'm sure what is it like?
Through the Fitty, at least to fill it up.
When it was when the gas prices were peaking, my record was 68 bucks.
I don't know.
I don't know that thing up.
That was how much it costed.
So I think it gets like 50 gallons.
But it crafts me at $40 over here.
And that started during the hurricane time.
And they still haven't taken the ration setting off of the pumps over here.
And I keep forgetting that.
I come over here to like 40 bucks.
Dude.
That gets me just a little bit over half in this tone.
This tank that I'm driving over here.
And now that I'm the only person to stay this, but since the since this president's been on in office,
before he was in, he cost me 19 bucks to fill up my car.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Now it's like 33.
For those low gas prices, right?
Absolutely.
Oh, don't go get me started in 20 bucks.
That's all I'm saying.
Don't go get me started.
Watch that freaking loose change.
We got the link on there.
You can also download the file.
It's out there.
People have it.
If you have like the bit torrent thing, I downloaded it.
Download an avi file.
The Roxio Easy Media Creator will take that avi file and burn it into a DVD for you.
Sweet.
Which I have already done.
QIM hello.
George.
Yeah.
Hey.
I sent you an email since you've been talking about taxes this morning.
Yeah.
That's good to say.
I wanted to tell you guys appreciate the fact that you guys put that loose change on.
I had seen it on cloud block.
The place you talked about.
Yeah.
It's Dutch apparently.
I said it was German.
What do I know?
The difference between Dutch and German I don't especially when I see a written.
So it's Dutch apparently.
But I couldn't read when it said also I was a bit of hours and I clicked on it.
So that's part of the fun.
Yeah.
It's clicking on links and you don't know what you're going to get.
Exactly.
But I sent you over a bunch of other links.
There's one for scholars for truth.
9-11 truth.
Okay.
That's a very good website as well.
And I think it's ST9111.org or something like that.
Right.
And there was another one for question 9-11.
Okay.
And they have a bunch of videos.
I witnessed 9-11 where there's these helicopters flying over and they're not rescued.
But they're acting strange and there's bombs going off inside the buildings.
What are your...
The helicopters and things like that don't convince me.
What convinces me is exactly what Hunter S. Thompson is saying at the beginning.
Who stood to gain from this?
Who had the ability to do it?
The desire to do it.
The will.
The intestinal fortitude to do it.
In other words, who had no conscience whatsoever to do it?
And who stood to gain and who has gained since it did happen?
Who has gained since it happened?
There's a lot more on there.
Think about it logically for a little while.
Exactly.
The corporation.
Right.
The people who are working for money see a lot of people are losing money right now and have been
during these past six years.
But a lot of other people are making money.
Right.
So think about that.
Think about who's making the money.
Who's benefiting right now?
Because we're not.
Real quick because we're going to go into a pool.
Right.
Is we going to John Bertha?
John Bertha.
You got it.
And please add that to our Chuck Tagle.
All right.
Chuck Tagle.
We got it.
Thank you so much.
1029 on all you hoody radio.
560 WQAM.
Hello you.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
The name is London Me.
And I would very much like to see nails straight away.
Please.
I have this package.
I wish we could deliver them.
New is in Canada.
Lisa, you can't go in there while the show is on.
Perhaps you didn't hear me the first time.
I am none other than London Me.
You're dressed like Austin Power.
Yes.
Well, actually, he dressed like me.
That was my act.
I was quite the damn to you, though.
Thought it was time to jump on the old bandwagon, shall we say?
That movie came out eight years ago.
Quite simple, really.
I was frozen longer.
You're up on this bloody battle.
I'm the man to see nails now.
George, here's a man by the name of Leapy Lee here to see.
No, no, no, London Me.
Now see here with food and face.
I'll have you know I'm London Me.
Be listand by guestful to my Douglas and Merb with and show.
I worked with a great, right-case star and Carol Cook.
Somebody get foe character in here.
Do you have a nut in the habit?
No.
Does John Byner call Sam the Baron Ring of Bell?
Sorry.
Last and all.
What's the situation we have here?
This hooligan refuses to let me see the erogist.
News love here, man.
Tours this way.
I'm having a new future.
How'd it go today?
Ten to the least of time.
They didn't know who I am.
I always had the same problem.
Those came and asked to go, but I thought they would know you more.
I'll have a casual package back.
I could.
You didn't leave it in the air?
No.
Oh, okay.
I like it.
This needs an explanation.
It's funny to everybody in the studio here.
I had to bring Miguel in because we had an incident yesterday.
We had two.
They were similar things.
I'm going to be talking about you in a minute here.
Pete from Red State Riot, who is not my friend.
Remember that call yesterday?
Neil said, oh, this is a friend of yours.
No, it's not.
Pete from Red State Riot, who we played some of his music back during the election.
They were an anti-bush.
I remember.
Public and Van sent us some CDs here recently.
They got a gig going on.
He decides to ambush the show and Neil and plow a plug for himself onto the air and starts
to call off by saying, oh, hi, George.
It's Pete from Red State Riot.
Never met you, Pete.
Did your favorite play your music?
Talked you up?
I guess it wasn't good enough.
You call and you represent yourself like a friend.
That's not what he said.
But that's of course what Neil is going to presume when somebody calls him and goes, hey,
I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say
hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going
to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey,
I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say
hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going
to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey,
I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to say
a thing here, who is going to say, well that doesn't seem to be true, but the value that I have to say that is, uh okay let's go again, er no, look, I have to say more as we
talk, I think may have had a big conversation, it might be a huge thing but I don't even want to. Another thing I would like to mention I'm just going to say.
And thank you for at least calling me to let me know so that I don't have to worry about
where's getting a response or what the hell is going on from there.
That's what I should be hearing, but I'm not.
I'm hearing, let's run with it.
And then you try to tell them in the nicest way that you can, because I am a nice guy.
You know, stick aside, air persona aside.
I try to be nice.
Actually, I don't try to be nice at all.
I try to be mean because that's the only way that you can survive down here.
This is a horrible place for nice people.
But I don't get that.
What's wrong with it?
Well, first of all, it's a little bit long and most of the stuff that we play is a little bit shorter than that.
And it's not funny.
And that's the worst thing that you could tell somebody.
What we go for is funny and your stuff.
While the subject matter, and this is usually the case, because it's usually something like,
for example, political humor.
And the material is in the right place, but it's just not funny.
It's just like a droning preaching to the choir kind of stuff that we wouldn't really waste our time with.
And so you try to explain that to the person with,
that's very funny.
I played it for a lot of people who laughed.
And the mom laughed.
And I played it for the dog.
And I played it for my cousin.
And then they all laughed.
And everybody that I played for told me it was funny.
Well, why don't you think it's funny?
That's what I get.
You know, and then they basically paint you into a corner where you have to say,
look, I'm sorry.
Our standards are our standards.
Feel free to take your CD over to Colin Ryan.
And they'll be, yeah, take it, you know,
somebody, the air America will play it for an hour and rave about it.
You know, but we have our standards over here.
And we listen, we go through a lot of comedy.
And we listen to 20 bits for everyone that we play.
Right.
Between the stuff that we get from Vokobrayan and the two satellite services that we have in the listeners.
And KJ and guitarman, as a matter of fact, that's one of the reasons that guitarman doesn't do things for us anymore.
Is because he didn't like the concept that he would spend a lot of time working on a bit that he would not get paid for
because we didn't think it was good enough to play.
We wouldn't play it.
We wouldn't pay for it.
And he would get all bad out of shape about it.
That's not the only thing that bothered him about that situation.
Royalty's was another one.
And I don't blame him for feeling bad about wasting his time.
He felt like he was wasting his time.
You know, and you can't really talk to artists.
This is something that came from their heart.
And for you to tell them that it's not good enough is an insult.
Well, if it came from his heart, it wasn't wasting his time.
Well, it's not going anywhere.
It's not going to get played on the air.
No one's going to hear it.
So basically, he wasted his time.
And he's not going to get paid any money for it.
So he wasted his time.
All right.
And it happens to Vokobrayan all the time.
But that goes all the way back to square one.
And as a matter of fact, Vokobrayan's response was the opposite.
He actually thanked me.
He said, look, I have no idea.
This stuff just comes out.
And I have no idea if it's good or bad.
Thank you for at least listening and letting me know if it's good or bad.
Because I would tell Vokobrayan straight up.
Going all the way back to 15 freaking years ago.
It's like, and the first time that I told him something about it,
and it's just said, just like this is that, hey, I said,
you know, that bit's pretty good, but you left out the comedy.
You forgot to put the comedy in there.
And he laughed at that.
And he said, oh, okay, I'm sorry.
I'll do it over and I'll put some comedy in it.
Just not many.
And he did.
He read it the entire bit.
And this time made it funny.
And look, he's going around.
And look at that.
He's still around.
Just go to show you.
So this guy comes in and we're getting laid for the break to be continued, I guess.
Well, not for me.
Not for you.
No, no part two has to do with Josh because Josh, we had two encounters with London.
Lee yesterday.
I didn't enjoy either one of them.
You had out.
You had part one.
Josh had part two.
So part two.
Yeah, it becomes in next time.
I'm going to tell you how I chicks at the front desk for you.
Oh, I'm looking out there and they do my curiosity's peak right now.
Yeah, believe me.
You don't want it to be 16 to 11.
To be continued on WQ a M.
Hey, you all know the name by now drive concepts.
I've used them for over 21 years in my homes.
They're the best carpet cleaning company in the world.
So before you go out and spend thousands to replace your carpeting,
give dry concepts a call.
You'll be amazed at the way they can bring most carpets back to life.
Looking just like brand new when they finished doing their fantastic job for you.
They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch and staying free.
Right concepts is the only company I would call the only one you ought to be working with too.
I'm sure you already know it, but just in case you don't.
Right concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning, a pulsed recleaning deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture and lots more.
And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to win the job.
And without a doubt, one of the best things you can do for oriental or area rug is to use a quality underlayment.
It's essential for extending life and video view of your area.
Rugged provides critical cushioning and prevents skidding and hard floors to during the month of March.
Called ride concepts and get 15% in savings and all underlayment padding.
Right concepts always professional always on time.
Carpet cleaning water damage restoration pet ordered treatments might risk cleaning and lots more.
Call the best trust the best.
Right concepts column tool free indeed, Robert and the Palm Beach's 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web, driveconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
most admire. Bill Clinton is winning with 356, I mean big time, 35.7. I actually, and I
don't know if this was an oversight on his part or what, but Dean Howard Dean was not
on there, so I added it on there this morning and then voted for him for whatever reason.
I don't know. I mean I kind of knew Bubba was going to run away with it. Yeah, I figured
that he would, but since he's not running for anything anymore, I wanted to vote for
somebody who has a chance, as fantastic as it might be, a chance of being president
someday. So we got Bill Clinton with 356, none there all crooks 247. John McCain 59,
Russ Fine Gold 44, I like Russ also, Barack Obama also a good choice 38, Dennis Kusinich 38,
also 38 for Rudy Giuliani. GW has got 26, Ted Kennedy 25, 24 each for Howard Dean, and
I hate this poll. Al Gore has 22, all of the 14 Dick Cheney 7. Listen to this. You got
the Dick Cheney hack going right now. Six each for Elliott. What is it? What did you
write there? Epitser? What? It says Elliott Epitser. Epitser actually, it doesn't even
say Epitser. I can't write that. I can't pronounce what it says Elliott. No? No? I don't
know where that type of came from. That's weird. Have they ever changed it? But I don't know
what it's supposed to say. How's that? I'm sure that's wrong. Condoleez has got six Hillary
Clinton six. Al Sharpton five, John Kerry five, John Edwards three, John Murtta two, Jimmy
Carter who just went on there has one in Chuck Hagel has one look we have 1010 we have
1010 votes right now in the poll and I will a little bit later get into the woman that
you most desire. Did you hear that Josh? That was a little bit punish. That was a good
way. I read it there because once we get into that poll they poll from yesterday the woman
that you desire I have a I have a feeling that we'll just tangent off and never come back.
Yeah, which by the way is so hard. We will watch nostalgic. We will watch the Lately
Nostalgic all the way to the end of the show and the other cab Calaway song I'm going
to save because you know how we have to place music towards the end of the show because
we have the short show today which is good. We got Marlon's on deck coming up at 1250
and leading up to that we're going to play the the Reeferman cab Calaway song since he
is our musical guest of honor today for being a cool old dude back when it was hard to
be cool. So maybe it was easier than it is right now. So we got no good movies from the
40s but now we have you know we're still searching for good movies from the 40s. In the case
you missed it I tried to watch Casablanca again and by again I mean that while I was watching
it I realized that I had already tried previously and that this was if not the movie one of
the movies that got me to dislike Humphrey Bogart the 40s hats people talking with drinks
and cigarettes in the same hand the entire genre of the walkie-talkie movie you know what I
mean by walkie-talkie they're just walking and talking which if I might tangent briefly good
night and good luck good important subject matter very slowly presented that's my review of good
night and good luck an important piece of historical documentary drama let's just say that is slow
and delivered to you in slow motion with slow ponderous dialogue about like this okay
you could really you could put this movie on and read a book at the same time or I don't know
do your taxes something to keep you awake while this movie is going you're putting me to sleep
important sorry sorry I know my voice at it's at its normal pace but it's people to sleep
QA hello George what's up we're going to finish the London Lee story after the next break
apparently okay George I got a story man can we get a couple of QM board office to do 9-1-1 man
I think I call 9-1-1 for you know an emergency in a phone no light you have a phone
rank for five straight minute that's because I think our board office actually do subs to for
9-1 operators I think that's why that's happening I mean it ranked for five minutes right no one
answers maybe like ten minutes that's what I was talking about we did that poll like whose
employees suck the worst and we put that you know I put 9-11 on there apparently no one understood
what I meant by that I was talking about the operators they get you know five dollar an hour
of Haitians to work on there and they're like slacken yeah exactly so so the phone my phone
my cell raised the back and ready gets on the phone it says yeah we got to hang up from this
from this phone number I'm like I was like what's up I didn't hang up I called but no one really
answered because I had emergency and she says to me so where's the emergency I say I'm long
from the emergency I can I'm not an emergency anymore everyone's dead and they're all buried already
yeah exactly so this is the excuse you know well I'm very sorry because you know we're under staff
you know we don't have enough employees you know the answer to the phone and and I mean
then I called this was a couple of months ago where I was for the second incident I called I got the
please wait you'll call with the answer in order to receive by dollar 9-1-1 not have to wait in line
you know for whoever else they're helping for me that you know if you've got prevent me you're about
to die as yours you're being troubled man the moral of the story is just take the law into your
own hands you might as well because you know the cops are just running radar anyway they're not
stopping red light runners yes Josh could get an application down there and there you go if they're
under staff maybe they're hiring there you go job opportunities we're late for the break thank
you very much I probably pay better Elliott Spitzer do you think we could get Eric to change whatever
it says to Elliott Spitzer I'm sure corporate busting it wasn't me by the way great all right well
it's a mystery hey I know who it was your hoodie 2-11 on 5-60 WQAM
those weapons of mass destruction gotta be someone we've obtained photographs that officials
called definite proof of W&D's what that means for your weekend I think that would be extraordinarily
dangerous Saddam Hussein was a friend
and it's hard work
it's hard work it is hard work it is hard work it is hard work it's hard work everybody knows it's hard work
let's go shoot something my dad let me shoot it catch
oh I love shooting a nail gun I love shooting a nail gun too
here we died Josh a whole bunch of people well I mean most recently you never heard of this guy I
didn't know his name you might have seen the movie you heard this song yeah you know the guy
who does the song because the South Park so Isaac Hayes did not know okay I was like what was
though and and though it wasn't Shaq but it was the other director the Shaq director Gordon
Parks 93 though he got up there Gordon Parks he captured the struggles and triumphs of Black America
as a photographer for life magazine and then became Hollywood's first major black director with the
learning tree and the hit Shaq died Tuesday a family member said he was 93 parks who also wrote
fiction was a accomplished composer died in New York his nephew Charles Parks that himself an
interview from Lawrence Kansas so there you go Gordon Parks just because you know why is he important to
us because obviously he made this movie and because he made this movie he needed a theme song
because he needed a theme song he called up Isaac Hayes or somebody did and said yo Isaac I do like
a theme song for this movie about this black detective he said shoot from you know from talk
of my shaft can you dig it and of course we like this and and I know I'm tired of complaining about
it but how come we don't have the Walker Walker guitar anymore like we have here
not I didn't get tired of it I know it's not it but I didn't get tired of it see normally you get
tired of something they stop doing it it goes away and that's fine maybe you get untired of it you
want to hear it again I think it's tired of this in the first place for it to go away
I can hear that all day well we have the ability but I'd like to hear it apply to something new
since everybody's sampling these days since we have sample artists and I'm doing
the closing with my fingers how about sampling some of these tracks with the Walker Walker guitar go
on boy you could read three car commercials a weather cast and five lost dog reports during the
intro to this opening yeah yeah I have no problem doing that I remake you the Isaac Hayes greatest fifth
I mean guy like that top lover's hear goes no I was wrong of course if I could hear today I do
much better duckling talk that's I'm getting tired Isaac that's enough okay now it's enough we
got to finish the story about London Lee so at 10 to 2 yesterday we get a call from the receptionist
saying George and Josh says it's not George it's Josh but that's that's every day and the receptionist
I guess it was not selling at this point it was thank God says there's this there's this old
grizzled Sunfried Midget here that's no it shouldn't say that first it started out with
tell George London Lee's here to see him I didn't know who that was right and you know I said okay
I'll tell him in a second you know Neil was on the air so I had the opportunity to slip that to you
right and I said I ordered it around the corner here and and you know not that we are supposed to
be having these kinds of conversations during the middle of the show but it had to be dealt with
really quickly I say as quickly as I can I'm not going to see this guy I'll get back to him in
due time I'll listen to the disc when I can and I'll call him when I can in due time and Josh
conveyed that to Nosland who conveyed that to this Sunfried fossilized Midget from across the pond
who responded to Nosland and we should get her in here just to sit around I'm saying like get her to take
her shoes off maybe you know painter Tony or something but to get what she actually got told by him
because the next thing that comes through the little intercom over here is well he just wants the
CD back so why don't you just come out and give it to him thinking that that's all you're going to do
I did hear in the following break you go out there attempting to just give this CD back but
oh no oh no story mistaken London wanted to go into a little bit of a conversation uh-huh
started out with uh well did he listen to it the basics which I expected right I knew he was
going to ask me I said I'm understanding of course now that now that you heard Miguel's
out of the story that he was told that there would be no opportunity for me to listen to his CD
while the showers in progress you grizzled old fart from show business you should know how these
things operate go ahead so you know he goes into that at first and I'm thinking no big deal let
me just tell him you know no he didn't listen to the CD he'll get around to it when he can you know
obviously I'm giving it back to you but he hasn't listened to it just to let you know kind of start
turning around as if I were to go back to the studio you're trying to go away I was trying okay
then he starts going into stuff about Neil mm-hmm saying oh well I dropped the food off for
Neil do you know me I'm London and and I go sir Neil does the show from Toronto he goes what
what do you mean and who took the food who was this guy I'm like oh this guy is like really
because Neil's in Toronto sir that's all I got for you I'm doing the show right now so it's
okay going into the door it's just about about you well what can I come in can I come in the studio
can we listen to this right now isn't the show almost over I'm like yeah but we're in the middle
of it right now and I told you it's not a good day I'm trying to get you know some people
get back in here to do your job right see some people they're called people in Florida yeah
you know when you try to get a point across and I was being really polite right that doesn't
work here either I've noticed and you know and then you know Nazlin you know to her credit after
like five minutes of conversation with this guy I'm like listen I'm on a break here pal I got to
get back and even she says hey listen you know he's doing a radio show you know well so and then
at that point I just turned around and walked away so I can feel it. Yeah perfect I mean he
would have had me out there all day obviously he's a crazy old Getchke and these kinds of things I
mean this is the most I mean it happened yesterday the most recent time these kinds of things have
happened before both ways I mean we got the incident yesterday also where we're Pete from Red
State Riot called up you know muscling his way out of the show by the way in the end in case
you're listening Pete and you think another calling and apologize don't bother you know what you
were doing you know the address you've sent stuff in the mail you know the facts number if you
wanted to to get a plug on with our approval you would have done something like that but you just
jumped on you know you just muscled your plug on for yourself which is fine you know but just don't
don't expect it to happen again hey George it's Pete from Red State Riot like that's going to
endure you to kneel and just like invoking kneel and saying that you're an associate of kneels
is going to endure you to me like I brought kneel food or that and I don't know how many times
at least 100 somebody you know that has called or come to the door saying that they're a friend of
kneels or you know hey I slept with him or I worked with him I was as bored up or you know I
watched his car or I'm his best friend or or anything like this if I haven't heard you're nobody
how's that and if Neil hasn't heard of you you're nobody and it doesn't matter whether you're a
friend of mine or a friend of his when the other guy is doing the show or or or something like that
but just the nervous some of these crazy people and I just I really wish I would have seen the guy
just so that I can get a yuck yeah out of out of everything that's going on usually you would
have got maybe I will see the guy maybe he'll be waiting for me downstairs with a baseball back
I got a feeling I could take him let me take him I tell you what you can't take this guy all right
you're starting to come to those classes with me right away all right I could use some classes
I let me tell you I don't run like a girl but I do punch one then you already beat her I run
like a man but a punch you gotta run around him a punch like a girl you know those scene army
of darkness yeah yeah remember the skeletons yeah looks like that but just picture like
oh really rough oh melanoma skin did you have like green yeah
yeah I'm all out of going inside oh good god by the way when people were the glasses oh like
the dark ass uh oh yeah you can be sun blocker glasses the ones that the over glasses that you
wear over your regular glasses and everything yeah typical old south florida caudra just thought
would share that amusing story because apparently this is a big man in the business or at least
used to be or thing all right thanks he as well that's a that's according to him I mean that explains
his attitude he's used to just walk and write into places you know just throwing his name out there
and just doors open magically in the carpet rolls right out you know because he was on TV he was
on with more riff and I'll have you know that was the inspiration for the book of Brian bit I mean
I just suggested I don't know if there's a bit here or something like that but but Brian was all
over that he knew all about him by the way that that bit yeah good stuff that was good stuff
the book told me the whole the whole life story he told me every guest appearance that he ever did
on every show so he knows him or he knows of him no he knows of him he's he's seen him on TV back
then it's you know that book is all about all that stuff you know like how we are about stuff that's
on comedy central and everything but you know book was all over that that kind of thing in his day
mergryff and everything that was on back then so he knew all about lemon he was in he was in
stitches when I was telling him the story so it's not surprising that a bit came from that QAM hello
I'm your friend QAM hello QAM hello
hello hello George yeah that's funny you should say it about that guy me and Neil go QAM hello
hello yeah talking to the phone
hello George yeah he's called to be brutal the past month
uh you're talking about the 40s movies did you ever get into the swashbucklers with uh
arrow flintering thing right yeah but you were those I mean Robinhood was 30 something wasn't it
well late 30s and then the four or I didn't say late 30s that said 40s
they me up 40s movie something something four that wasn't that didn't suck okay look at the
few out there name one the thing I wanted to bring up to you which nobody I've ever heard
to is uh juliani he was the guy that uh cleaned up that uh building in bokeh
he owned the company that cleaned up the the endback building yeah yeah and then he bought the
building but no one ever no one ever mentioned that okay you know was that little inside trading
well you just did I don't know love in 15 on on I don't care radio 560 wqa and
on the ony is the music of the world classical jazz blues and some black and blues now you can
enjoy this timeless new masterpieces from the artists that inspires a call to bring the world
together and inspired a call tonight one one ony mind soul and domestic abuse the multi-culturalist
The next splendor of his gripping orchestral brilliance intertwined with him,
ripping and flapping, making his yonnies finest compositions yet.
Yonnies' music carries you away to oceans, where you can almost feel the salt spray and
feel the salt in battery.
An artist that blends the most uplifting elements, you'll know from the first
took, and the first left one, the music is Yonnie.
Relax and enjoy this inspirational new album while you're thrown into peace and tranquility.
Let his music take you away while the police take him away.
Yonnie, mind, soul, and domestic abuse, CD available on Slapco Records.
Love a 21 on 560 QA. I've heard that story yesterday, right?
Yonnie slaps his bitch up, which I think is funny.
There's nothing funny about domestic abuse, but I think it's funny.
Yonnie, I got one yonnie story here.
Do I know anything about him?
Yonnie plays piano, it's a new age.
I know what I know.
I don't have a...
I don't have a bottom person.
Yeah, like a wall.
He's...
Now, he's a...
Well, his girlfriend, he was trying to get her out of the house,
and so I'm sympathetic towards him, because I feel you're paying, Yonnie.
And I'm sure it's hard out there.
Yonnie, she feels you're paying now, too.
I don't know what happened, but if any part of that story is to be believed that he wanted her to leave the house,
and if it's his house, then she should have left the house.
That doesn't mean that it's okay for him to snipe her up.
You know what I mean?
But that kind of thing happens all the time.
It's like, what are you going to do to get the bitch out of your house?
Are you going to leave the bitch in your house?
Not if you value anything, right?
You're going to come back, it's all going to be gone.
Remember that left eye?
Oh, Jesus.
Thing, yeah, exactly.
What she burned the house down.
Exactly.
See, that's the kind of thing that's going through your head if you leave the bitch in your house.
And he wants the bitch out of his house.
I'm sure it's his house he earned it.
He's got a very successful career.
He's got all these CDs out.
Every once in a while, one of his songs will be on these chill out discs that I like so much,
that have things like Moby on there, and Olivia Neutron, bomb, and all these.
Which are cool listening to like driving music.
You put it on.
Yeah, it's got a music.
It's got a music like a ethereal kind of drum machine.
Nothing wrong with it.
Yeah.
Kind of stuff.
I mean, it's all there.
You're not going to go out of your way forward, but it's fine.
It ain't offensive.
But here's my Yawney story.
It's kind of, years ago, this is years ago, and this was when Yawney was just coming up.
And I think it was at advanced on a motive, I had to drop my car off to get worked on somewhere.
At a car dealership, I'm not sure where it was.
And I didn't have a ride home.
It was going to have to spend the night.
And I said, well, you know, do you have a loner or do I have to call a cab?
And the guy said, well, I think we can have one of our employees take you home if you don't live too far.
And I didn't.
And so he asked the reception girl.
Are you following this?
Who happened to be phenomenal looking and smelling?
This is important.
This is all part of the whole thing.
She was just beautiful, charming, pearl toothed, nice smile, beautiful, beautiful young lady.
And the owner asked her, you know, you're getting ready to quit, right?
This is the end of the day the car wasn't done yet.
Sure, I'll take him home on my way.
And she, you know, takes me home, so we're in her car.
And she's like, you like Yawney?
And I said, oh, no, I think I've ever heard of Yawney.
But I'm cool with anything, you know, me.
I'll try anything once for the most part.
And so she puts Yawney on it.
It was some unobtrusive, ethereal, canoe.
By the way, he's self-taught.
So that's something that's got the notes.
If he's self-taught, that means all that money is his bitch.
And his house is his.
So get the Yawney out.
Get the joy out of the house if he doesn't want you there.
All right?
Shouldn't have to slap you out his house.
Leave, leave, scoochy.
So we're listening to this Yawney music.
And the conversation is, is snapping.
I'm funny.
She's laughing, you know what I mean?
I'm doing well.
In other words, and I'm already married at this point.
She's taking me home to Pembroke Pines to my marital apartment.
And she smelled good.
And the car smelled good.
She had some air freshener.
I don't know what it is.
Wow, cherry, something.
And it just, it smelled good in there.
And the Yawney music was all part of the Yawney.
And the atmosphere of her look.
And the smiling issue was smiling a lot.
Because I was on, man.
I was being funny.
I was firing on all cylinders.
It was working.
I could have gone somewhere from there possibly.
You know how it is when it's working.
You know.
Sometimes the game is tight.
Sometimes, right.
And it's working.
And it's like, and you know, we get there just left here right there.
And you know, while we're talking and everything's connected.
And it's going through good.
And yes, just pull up to the dumpster box.
Because that's where the sidewalk starts to take me to the apartment.
Yes, pull up right here.
That's, this is good here.
And, you know, and it was painful to open the door.
It was like, okay.
Bye.
Thank you for the ride.
Bye.
You know.
See you again sometime next time.
You get your car fixed.
Never happen.
Never saw her again.
And I was like, I don't want to get out of the car.
But I have to.
Bye.
See you later.
Bye.
And you know, I open the door and I close it.
And as soon as I close it, that smell and the music disappears.
And then the dumpster is right there.
So you're a big fan of me.
So I smell the dumpster right there.
Like, no, as soon as the door closes and the car pulls away,
there's dumpster smell.
And I walk into my apartment and there's my lovely wife.
And I'm back into my life.
You know, so that's my Yani story.
You know, Yani is all part of that whole memory there.
So you got nothing but love to the Yani.
No, no, no, actually, I hate because that's, you know, Yani's like part of this whole unrequited
something I didn't have memory.
Like I, I don't think I have this.
I don't think I have this.
Yani and that whole memory from my brain, you know,
eternal sunshine of a spotless mind kind of thing.
Just take that out of my head.
I don't need that up in there.
Yeah, I mean, I couldn't recognize Yani's song if you played it.
Well, I would know.
No, no.
But they're out there.
Nothing, I have no problem with Yani.
It's just, you know, it's like generic ethereal, new-agey stuff.
QA Am Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
QA Am Hello.
It ain't just us.
It can't be just us.
QA Am Hello.
Hi, George.
I just need some restate Ryan.
QA Am Hello.
I said not, not to call.
Hello.
Yeah, I can hook the George.
You are.
George, don't realize what's working, George, in the car, because you were married.
You're right.
It's like that Sylvester and Squeaky Cartoon when he swears off birds and all the birds come land on him.
Of time, it's disgusting.
You get married and all of these girls walk you for everything.
You're single.
Nothing happens.
Yeah.
I can't say nothing happens.
It just felt like nothing was happening.
It wasn't happening frequently enough.
That was the problem.
What's the great story, George?
I like the story.
I like the story.
It's a horrible story.
It's a tragic story.
It's a tragic story.
It's like, no, no.
My apartment isn't here.
It's wherever you're going.
I live right next door to you.
Don't worry, I'll just walk there.
You want to wait together and listen to Yani?
Yeah.
Let's just keep listening to Yani and driving around all day.
Love in 28 on 560, QA Am.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do!
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
Put the bowl in the basket.
Put the bowl in the basket.
That's what I do.
That's what he does.
He puts a bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
He puts the bowl in the basket.
That's what he does.
that's were he does that world and do 270
the basket. That what I do put the bowl in the basket. That what I do put the bowl in a basket.
That what I'll be do. Ah, yeah, op up up what he'd do. He put the bowl in the basket.
The situation is. Put the ball in the basket. He puts the ball in the basket for the
organization. That's my take on not what he do. That what I do. Put the bowl in a basket. That
That what I do put the bowl in the basket.
That what I do put the bowl in that basket
that would be dude.
That what the German you put the bowl in your basket.
That what you doing.
Put the ball in the basket?
I mean it's 110% to put the ball in the
basket and that's what he it would be.
That what at V Do.
26 till 12 by 60 WQM.
there were 26 minutes away from Miguel being at the grand opening of advanced auto parts.
This time at 7701, Biscayne Boulevard in Miami, just south of us here.
Now Biscayne Boulevard, that's, you know, it goes through all the neighborhoods, right?
So it doesn't matter what a hood that happens to be at.
It's down there-ish, right?
By La Miga as a matter of fact.
I'm sorry.
Just a couple blocks, blocks, blocks.
Let's see, 77, that would be just south there, right?
Just south of the INS building.
Okay.
Just right across from my, I don't know if there's like a little canal or something right
there, but we used to drive right down the 79th Street to go to the old radio station
back in the olden days.
And it's right down there and that's a high traffic area and I know we got listeners
in that area because every stripe, every shade, stripe and ethnicity, the entire cast
of the crash goes through that area all the time continuously.
And if we don't get a big dollar amount today, even though we have a short show, Miga
will be there until two o'clock.
Guarantee.
We're going off the air.
Where is it?
12.50?
12.50.
Ooh, that's excellent.
But he will be there all the way until two o'clock because he's got to be.
How's that?
And if we don't have a decent dollar amount today, we're all going to get beat up tomorrow.
Miguel, Josh and most especially me will get beat up if we don't get close to a grand
at least over 500 bucks.
I mean, let's just stay humble over here.
If we don't get at least 500 bucks down there at that at a high traffic area like that,
then we're not going to hear the end of it tomorrow.
And don't just think about us because I know you're not going to think about us getting
beaten the face by Neil, but that's not going to be entertaining past the first half
hour, right?
So please go down there.
It's for the puppies and the cats to abandon pet rescue.
Great people.
It's a no-kill animal shelter in Fort Lauderdale.
Taken in dogs and cats, strays, even parakeets, even duck-filled platypuses, or is it platypie?
If it's plural, I don't know.
Do you know they have a poison spike?
Really?
Look at that little thing and it doesn't look dangerous.
They got poison spikes on the back of their feet.
On the back of their feet?
On their back feet, they got poison barbs.
Poison.
And then it'll take them into.
$20 gets you a CD.
$20 gets you a t-shirt.
They're $20 each.
It's the 30th anniversary CD.
Great stuff on there.
Bits from the past.
Bits that we were never able to play on the air.
Bits that have been banned from the air forever.
Uncensored versions of bits that you've already heard on the air.
Bits we got fined for playing on the air.
And some new things to including like the mode, the door in the gildy.
Some of the good fresh bits that are on there to a nice mix.
A nuts for you there.
Put it in the car.
And, oh, oh, almost forgot to say.
Some outtakes from the show.
Funny little moments.
Did you make a lady call a kneel?
The bridge tender for those of you who aren't tired of that yet.
The scooting lady is on there.
Kneel does it disclaimer at the beginning where he says all of the words several times.
For those people who like to hear kneel curse.
That's the first track on there.
So please, not only the for charity, but you get something too.
You know, the CD is free with a $20 donation.
And the t-shirt, the t-shirt, the nice graphic.
It's got the same album mark.
If you appreciate the show at all or the charity at all, go down there, contribute.
I mean, we're not just going to ask for money.
We actually give you something back.
See Miguel.
Ask him to tell you his London Lee story.
We look it up.
London Lee.
That's right.
I was going to tell you that did you know that I walked away from a star.
You know, he might never come back now.
Damn.
71.
Was that his last broadcast appearance?
This is true.
I'm the director with Johnny Carson.
A movie called The Gambler.
And is that the Kenny Rogers movie?
70 faux.
No, 74.
Oh, Kenny Rogers, you know.
Oh, look, we got a couple of grapes of wrath in 1940, which I have not seen in Casablanca, 1943.
I just got them saying I tried for the second time to watch Casablanca.
As you said, good God.
Rick and Ingrid Bergman in the Nazis and just snore, snore, talking.
QAM, hello.
I'll check out Rick's aratho.
I was asking, where's the location for the...
What's with the feedback today?
I don't know.
Go ahead, sir.
Keep talking.
Where's the location of the band today for the CD and the T-shirt?
Yeah.
701.
This came Boulevard.
Okay.
All right.
In Miami.
And there's no two o'clock, right?
There will be there from 12 till two.
He's on his way there now.
If he's not there now, he'll be there within minutes, mere minutes.
He should be there already.
All right.
Thank you.
I'm going to give you a birthday.
I made a donation to Pet Rescue.
God bless you.
Yeah.
Thank you, sir.
Well, 30 years.
Right.
And I gave $10 a year, so.
But you're spectacular.
He's worth more than that.
Yes, he is.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
That was nice.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
George.
Collar.
Um, when are you going to bring this van down a homestead or to the Redlands or something?
Yeah.
Don't talk to me about that first of all.
I'm sure Miguel is listening to you right now, and I'll tell him to take it under advisement.
You know, my heart belongs to Homestead and Lear City in the Redlands, because that's where
I spent my former diva years down here.
Right.
But I have to acknowledge that it's the hinterlands.
And people are reluctant to go down there down past the Kendall Packing Plant.
There you go.
Past the end of the whole life.
Dude, the Kendall Packing Plant, I got blood on their cement.
All right.
All right.
That my cracked my skull on their loading docs.
I rode my bike through every square inch of that packing plant.
There you go.
Middle and night, or nobody was there.
Hey, if the management of Kendall Packing Plant is listening, y'all guys got a great sprawl in there.
I really liked those little strips that you have over the refrigerated sections.
And it was your night watchman, Clarence LaRoy, would the third, that let his punky stepchild run rampant through your factory in the middle of the night while he was supposed to be protecting it.
All right.
All right.
But you might want to know.
All right.
Take it easy.
Oh, and he also used to flood the time clock thing.
You know how a night watchman, they have their time clock.
They have to go to certain checkpoints, and they have a special key in these checkpoints.
And they stick the key in their little clock that they carry around and turn the key, and that marks the clock on the inside.
Now you're not supposed to be able to open that, and your supervisor opens it, and sees what time you turn the key at each location.
Each location has a different key.
You following me?
Gotcha.
All right.
Now, what my stepfather would do.
So he would pick the lock on the clock.
The lock clock.
The clock lock.
He would pick it.
And then he would go to each location.
And he would turn the key several times for each time that he was supposed to be there.
He would wind forward, click it, wind forward, click it, and do that at each location, and then go take a nap.
Then go sleep.
All right.
So hopefully they have a better system now at the Kendall Avocado and Line Packing Plan.
QAAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
Hey, I'm on here.
You're on the air right now.
It's amazing.
Cool, baby.
Hey, this is how it's playing around on Line Water and dinner stores.
I don't know what I was looking for, but I found this Canadian series that's out-rages called Trailer Park Voice.
That's one of Suds' favorite shows I've seen.
One episode, it was great.
I want to see more.
I keep forgetting when it's on.
It's listed.
It's on cable.
It's on like BBC America.
Check it.
Down there.
Down there.
Down there.
Down there.
That's how much I can tell you.
All right.
Okay.
Talk to you later, my name is David.
Suds is all over that show.
I'm supposed to be watching it and I'm not because I suck.
QA, I'm hello.
Hey, George, how's it going?
How are you doing?
I'm doing all right.
How are you doing?
I'm kind of deaf.
I must all stuffed up.
I can't breathe, but other than that.
Hey, you and me both were born married, so that's the answer to all the problems.
Right.
I got way more yawning music than I even knew I had in this computer here.
I don't know how it got in there.
Yawning, I always put it in the middle of the night.
It doesn't flip right in there.
I should do it.
George, I'm very big fan of the 1930s and more of the world's movies.
I would have greatly worked at Casablanca.
It's very...
You know, I mean, it's because that's the moment.
It's one of the most fun and step-way.
Just as fast as that.
Okay.
But one good movie you see, how does it feel?
It's a big sweep.
The big sweep?
The big sweep has Hoper Bogart in it.
It's a very, very good movie and the multi-alcoholic and all-per-outlet.
I can't really do that.
I already saw how it ended.
I highly recommend that.
All right.
Peter Lorien, isn't that, isn't he?
That's pretty good.
What's that?
Peter Lorien, that one?
I'm sorry?
How's that have a great day?
You too.
That phone.
What's going on with the phones?
We're getting a lot of that.
I don't know.
And I'm wondering if it's us.
You know, we don't...
I mean, I have no control in my mind.
No, I don't know why it's doing that lately and it didn't used to be like that.
16-12 on all Yani Radio, 560 WQAM.
Mr. Drink, hand it over.
I'm fine.
I do this all the time.
That's exactly why I'm not going to let you do it now.
This man is a designated dialer.
Let me just call her.
I know she still loves me.
No, she doesn't.
She's insane, your drunk, and there's a restraining order.
Give me your phone.
When you are blind drunk, a designated dialer will keep you from calling crazy former girlfriends.
Vitter ex-wives, or that buddhugly freak who give you her number right before closing time.
Dude, her one eyebrows kind of hot.
Give me the phone before you do someone you'll regret.
Okay, here.
You did the right thing.
Be a designated dialer.
Because friends, don't let friends dial drunk.
I love you, man.
I love until, uh...
5-6-2-1.
I think you are right.
By the way, that's the...
We don't play the...
We don't play the St. Patty's Fitty Sam.
Oh, yeah, well, I'm saving that up.
It's a song one, so I want to, you know, like the top of the hour kind of thing, play the jingle of the way.
My pattern, that's going to be predictable, but I am.
I'll be doing that.
Don't forget, Miguel, 12 o'clock.
You might be there already.
Yeah, I think he needs to be getting reports.
Grand Opening of Advanced Auto Parts, 7701.
This came Boulevard of Miami, CDs, T-shirts, and stories.
Stories about his brush with greatness yesterday,
with a grizzled, sun-fried, British Midget.
QAAM, hello.
I should read this poll, shouldn't I?
QAAM.
QAAM, hello.
I'm sorry, nothing.
George.
Hey.
How you doing?
Uh, it's about right.
Listen, uh, I just want to let you know that, uh, your boy Scott Perrell?
Yeah?
He's got a spot open, uh, Howard, uh, service radio.
Yeah, we know.
Yeah, man, amen, off the chain, man.
That guy on censored is like, you know, censored.
He wasn't pretty, he wasn't very censored on the air,
and that's why he, uh, you know, he's not really.
Yeah, when you actually get to listen to it,
right, I did.
I, I did.
I, I got to listen to him on censored a lot.
Off the hook.
You know what I mean?
Every day.
Do, um, you like service radio?
Like, sell it.
I've never, uh, never heard it.
I mean, I, I, I know, I take that back.
I was at a car dealership once and, uh, you know,
they had that little display radio right there.
We were doing an appearance and we were right next to the display radio.
We got to play with the, uh, the serious one and the XM one.
But I don't, I don't have one.
So.
And why is it that, what's your channel for?
Because your, uh, because, well, because, uh,
number one, it costs money, number two, it costs money.
Uh, yeah, it costs money, but you're paying, you also remember,
you got to, you're paying for a program.
No, I, I am.
I understand, but see, uh, first of all, I'm a fan of local radio
because I like to hear people talking about what's going on in my town.
Call me a fashion, if you will.
No, no, no.
And I know they got some, uh, some music channels on there and everything like that.
But I spend a lot of time listening to CDs.
For example, I started the show talking about how I listen to a lot of stuff
that people send in and we get music people like, uh,
like the real labels sending in real boxes of CDs.
So I'm listening to CDs a lot.
So, you know, I used to listen to, to you guys a lot, honestly.
And so I bought my serious radio.
Yeah, there's no reason to listen to the traditional radio anymore.
I understand, yeah.
But barely turned off because it's just a programming and on and off.
No, I understand.
Yeah, I'm feeling it.
My serious radio never listened to, uh,
terrestrial radio again.
Thank you very much.
I hear my amy also.
I know, man.
Real radio.
Yeah, yeah.
For all great, terrestrial radio sucks.
Never, never, yeah.
My serious radio never listened to terrestrial radio again.
Absolutely.
Right now.
Okay, right.
Sucks, there's absolutely no reason to listen to, uh,
AM or FM ever, ever again.
Now that's serious, the next time around there, okay?
And be sure to call back tomorrow and we'll spend five minutes promoting satellite radio over
what we're doing for, you know,
maybe we'll do it for ten minutes tomorrow.
What do you think, Josh?
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I, uh, QAM, hello.
George, how are you?
Fine, how are you?
I'm terrific.
This is your Redland connection.
I heard that guy.
Yeah.
I heard that guy call a while ago.
I would like for there to be something going on down there, but see what's going to have
to happen is someone or someone's will have to convince Miguel that there is enough of a desire.
There's enough in an audience down there in that area toward the bench,
slipping all the way down there.
Well, a couple of years ago, the last time you put out a disc,
they were at an auto supply, the advanced auto supply.
I think we're on a highway.
And then traffic was a mess because everyone was stopping in there.
Really?
Yeah, it was a zoo.
Okay.
I don't know how many dollars it is, but I mean, when I stopped in there,
there was like ten people in the front of me in line.
I'm all for it, but it's not my decision.
I'll put my plug in for it.
How's that?
Okay, well, put my plug in too, because I met Miguel down in,
in, uh, in Homestead one afternoon, when you guys were down there.
Is, is Homestead enough of a compromise to satisfy leisure cities,
Redlands?
Well, the last time I was down this way.
Yeah, the last time I was down this way, they were actually in,
I guess it was like, Narendra.
Part of it right there by the fake jet.
No, no, no, farther north than that.
Really?
Yeah, the last time he was here, I think he was down about, uh,
say, 268th street in the highway.
Okay.
And Homestead is like 300th street.
All right.
And that's where I'm headed.
Here's that Miguel.
Yeah, Miguel, listen up.
Homestead wants you.
All right, man.
All right, it's easy.
As a matter of fact, if it's season, you know,
you could bring back some, uh, more of those sticky cinabons
from Nostalgia.
Sticky, yikki.
Yeah, I had it.
QA hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, George.
Hi.
Hey, um, I heard that caller earlier talking about a 911.
Yes.
I have a crazier story than that.
I was in downtown Miami doing deliveries and, uh,
I was sitting at a stoplight and completely looking at it in the back
by this PT cruiser and the guy just took off.
And then, uh, exactly.
And then I called 911s to, uh, you know,
I have an officer dispatch the file report.
I wait there for like an hour and a half and, uh,
I get to my cell phone rings and it's 911 calling me to tell me that
we can't dispatch any officers to file a report with you at this time.
I'm like in the entire county of Dave,
you can't get it.
I got to like three cops passed down this road for the last 20 minutes.
So I have to wind up going to the police department and filling out it.
Delay and accident report.
Great.
And I'm nailed with the telehathy, basically doing the officers.
Yeah.
It's all clear.
My, my, as well down here.
It's like, I don't know what to do about the red light runners.
I mean, should I just, should I just get out of my car while they continue
to flow through the intersection with my, uh,
police flashlight because I have one and just start smashing headlights as they drive by?
We know a fire now.
All right.
Take it easy.
You know, we took that pole and they came in dead last.
What did they get?
Like maybe two votes?
I think maybe the numbers scared people or maybe people didn't know what we were talking about.
Maybe we should have sculpted out a little bit better.
You know, the 9-11 operator people because we were talking about the employees.
Remember the poll who has the worst employees and we put just 9-1-1 on there.
Should we have put 9-1-1 in the parentheses emergency services, the people that you call
to help them identify what the hell we were talking about?
I don't think it's still what it helped.
Hugh, I have a hello.
Hello.
I have a couple of movies from the 40s, I think.
Okay.
And one of them, China Smith.
China Smith.
Yeah.
I believe it was the guy named Dan Duryet.
It was an actor in it.
And then there was a...
Good.
It won't put me to sleep.
I don't know.
I got something going on besides just people wearing hats walking and talking to me.
50.
Oh, 50.
And who is there for that movie?
Next one?
Oh, it's 52.
52.
Okay.
Well, I'm...
And then outpost Malaya.
We're Googling.
And I don't know.
You know, it was real busy as an army kind of movie and there was people trapped in the...
...the Ford and the middle of the jungle kind of thing.
We're looking.
We're looking.
Okay.
All right.
That was close to China Smith though.
It was pretty good.
Munch, I'll post in Malaya.
Outpost in Malaya.
It might have been Malaysia, but I think it was Malaya.
Oh, whatever.
Just put outpost in Malaya.
And here we go with the weird, thick, back-y Annie music again.
Oh, I forgot.
I was going to play Mianny, like under us.
You know, Cab Calloway is supposed to be our musical guest today.
I have a link.
52 also.
Oh, try again.
Do your own fact checking before you call us again.
Please, spare Josh some effort.
4-12 on 560.
Whoa, whoa.
The bow.
You QAM.
With lightning crisp speeds, the latest featured in security.
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And right now you can get on board for just 995 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of six megabytes.
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL-15.
And up to 100 times faster than dial-up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming, video, playing online games.
Or just surfing your favorite sites.
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you get instant access to free features like the fan.
Video mail.
Comcast Grab City Radio Plus.
And up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few.
Not only that, but you get Macafee security tools included.
So you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what you'll be waiting for is start doing more faster than every four.
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for only 995 a month for two months.
You'll wonder how you romance without it.
Invade call 305 Comcast or enbroured 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 Q.A.
Go go go go go Irish.
It's a past day.
We're drinking whiskey cause it's a past day.
We're getting real tipsy cause it's a past day.
And everybody's wearing green cause it's a past day.
You can find me in the pub.
Guinness in a mug by us is another round cause you know you want to jog.
And is it corn feet? Meat beans or a tirish grub?
Since I could say it's cum, let's drink cubs for one nom.
You can find me on the scene.
Abuse colored green called in sick to work.
Got a beer at 915.
Who is a moron in this one and I'm gonna leave.
I'll drink until I keep on march 17.
Don't try to act like you're really Irish today neither.
If you're worried about being a pub all the time, so spunker off the landing ass.
But first, would you be so kind as to buying me other points?
I'm a little shocked.
And if you're treated naked, I double.
You know what reminds me, I wanted to give London Leah a message in his native language there.
Bugger off wanker or bugger off wanker.
Nice. How's that?
I got a spurt off, mate.
I didn't even tell you but I found a little hole in the wall bar.
That's right by your neck of the woods.
Mm-hmm.
When did you heard of it? The fields?
Never heard of it.
It's an Irish bar.
I let it.
They got a guy with a bagpipes, a lady's singer, and a guy on violin.
No, no. I mean like real people.
Oh yeah, they're all from Herbling.
I mean, from the outside this place looks like a shack.
Right, right.
Inside's big.
They got a match there.
I understand that the lady who waited on us was from Dolphins.
But set it up.
Dude, the best beer I've ever had, it's Spale.
No.
American Smith wicks.
But as a rare person, we say,
Spittix.
Spittix. I want a Spittix.
I get it.
And they do that.
I would like to have like a broad.
Do they have the Irish broad going?
I didn't see any of that actually.
Because you know how I love Irish music.
Like the folkier.
It's a place for you.
You're ready to your folkier.
The better.
I like the modern dropkick, Murphy's, and Flogganmolly.
And I like the old, old traditional stuff.
That's like Irish bag.
This is actually like very...
No, yeah.
All of it.
I like the Irish.
Every...
Love the Irish man.
I know how Goldstein hates the Irish.
You want to hear him say it?
If you must.
Here.
Just...
I hate the Irish.
I'll take his portion.
How's that?
Because I love the Irish.
You know, get this.
I'm hanging with my friends.
And I got two Irish friends, both Dudley and Silent Sam or Irish.
Silent Sam?
Yeah.
He don't say much.
So...
Really, I thought he was a toddler.
Remember the Remember Service merchandise?
No, wait before Jay and Silent Bob.
No.
When we met Silent Sam, he came as a pair with a friend of...
Like, he was a friend of this other guy that we met.
And Silent Sam never said anything.
Like, the other guy always did the talk and foreign.
So, I didn't...
I thought the guy was a mute for a while.
Like, do I sign to him?
You know, or do I...
How do I communicate with this guy?
And then the friend went away and...
And all of a sudden, you know, Silent found his voice.
But just every once in a while, when he needs to say something like,
you know, is that hidden?
You know, things like that.
But the other day, we're hanging and I noticed, you know,
we hang out a lot and they don't drink as much as I would expect an Irish person to drink.
And I said, playing that pit form.
Right.
And I said, get this.
You'll think this is funny.
Maybe.
I said, you know, y'all are the pair of...
Y'all have a couple of driest Irishmen I've ever known in my life.
And they're like, wait a minute!
And I said, I don't know.
It's just every once in a while you're having a beer.
How Irish is that?
That's not very...
What makes you guys Irish, except for your last names?
And then look at each other and got all puffy in the chest, you know?
Ran out and got some beer.
Immediately, it's like, we'll show you a little bit of Irish beer.
That sounds like a challenge there.
We don't like beer.
Watch, we'll drink two at a time here.
Gar-gar-gar-gar-gar.
They get a smittix, right?
So let's set that up.
Let's go over there.
I want to explore there.
Right in the neck of the woods, man.
Little hole in the wall, please.
How are you?
Great.
Beautiful. That was seamless.
QA, hello.
Where?
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
How you doing?
Don't forget, Miguel. Right now, 7701.
This came in boulevard, grand opening of advanced auto parts
with the T-shirts and CDs by some.
Yes, sir.
I'm there.
You're there now?
No.
Oh.
So, wow, that was fast.
No, I'm getting there, but I ain't there.
I'm 40 movies.
Did anyone mention Citizen Kane?
Oh, please.
There's a word in between Owen, please.
Oh, you need to be a little embuff.
It was groundbreaking.
Citizen Kane.
All right.
They broke the ground to put the camera in the hole.
The cinematography was great.
But what the most overrated movie in the history of the universe?
First of all, it's not a movie.
It's a mockumentary.
It has no plot.
It's just a mockumentary.
It's just, and granted, the guy had it coming.
But it's just Orson Wells attack on this guy.
Yeah, yeah.
So, it's great.
Congratulations, Orson.
You attacked this guy who was a big dog.
What's his name?
What was his name?
I can't think of it right now.
The real guy is William Randolph.
That's right.
I forget when he was called.
No, I forgot to.
And I watched that after everybody said,
oh, it was the greatest American movie ever made.
God awful boring a mockumentary where there's just...
There's no plot.
It's just a narrator saying, you know, this and then this and now this.
And our budget scenes.
I'm not sure the year on this one, but how about the Kill'em Walking Bird?
I don't think it was 40s, but we'll check it out.
Yeah, is that all right?
That's a pretty good one, really.
That's an acceptable...
I will give that movie a good,
but what remains to be seen is whether or not it was a 40s movie.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
Don't let the crazies get the adorter.
Don't worry about it.
That's where they went.
Yeah, well, so...
Let's see your job.
62.
I mean, close.
Not even.
Not even close.
And I went through the same thing.
See, movies that I thought were 40s movies that I was making a lot of just because they were black and white,
so I just automatically thought they were 40s movies.
Turned out not to be.
Like the day the Earth did still turn out to be 50 something,
which you still haven't seen all work on.
Don't go breaking a sweat.
Just fail safe.
Just catch up on that, finally.
Because it's tense.
But see, the thing about, like, movies started in the 20s.
Really rough, right?
And there's a camp quality to watching those old silent movies and stuff.
And, like, Metropolis.
You ever see the original Metropolis?
I've never seen a silent movie in my life.
Really?
Well, I think I've got the original Metropolis, but I'm still trying to get the...
the splashed-up, spritzed-up version, which is the one to see.
They kind of splashed it with color and put a modern soundtrack to it.
And that is cool to watch.
It's kind of like a movie that's a music video.
And it's very cool with 80s music.
It's cool.
And all of the music is good.
But the original is interesting, too.
And then in the 30s, they made a lot of movies.
And talkies started in the 30s.
But get this before the Hayes Office.
And I think maybe because...
And this is just a theory.
Maybe because they didn't really have it down yet.
The assembly line movie making process.
You know what I mean?
It wasn't a formula yet.
They didn't just have it down, like, okay, BingBingBingBingBingBingBing.
That every movie that they made was more or less unique.
That's like the difference between a handmade car and a factory made car.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So there's all this roughness to it.
And this grittiness and the women weren't wearing any bras
and they're being melodramatic.
And there's a certain charm and a camp quality to those movies.
And they're different.
And there's an actual story there.
I'm talking about the 30s movies.
And Gone with the Wind was 39.
Which was in color.
So I don't know how everything in the 40s was in black and white
or how that happened.
I'm not sure.
But then the 40s hit.
And the wife watches all these 40s movies.
And it's like, oh, they're all the same.
They got the same freaking pattern.
The men were in hats and those ugly ass suits.
You know the ones I'm talking about.
The cons are really tight.
Very square.
The hats are down over one eye.
They're drinking and smoking.
And talking and walking.
Walking while they're talking.
Or somebody will come in from the scene from the left
and somebody will come in from the right
and they're walking and talking.
And then, overall of it, the tortured cat violence
and a bunch of slins.
Ringing, ring.
Which by the way, every scene that starts
as the scene ends.
Somebody will deliver a light.
And they're all the same.
So by the way, what?
No, I was just going to say, that's what really annoyed me
about these past awards.
Oh, when someone came up to give a speech
they had a sappy, a smuged plan and it was just,
I just, ugh, yeah, you won't get it.
I wanted the gag.
You know, they're going on for 15 minutes with this
...and it's just like, oh, what are they trying to do?
I know it's just like close and music and we go through our phases and 10 years is about
right, you know, like you got the 70s has a sound and a fashion associated to it, right?
You know, not that there is an overlap in going on but you got the 80s thing and you watch the VH1
and you're like, we love the 80s and stuff like that. It brings us down with the 40s.
The 40s was an atrocious time. Sorry, with all due apologies to Bokobrine and my wife.
It was a, it was an atrocious time, a bad, bad product.
Why does Bokobrine like 40s?
I don't know, I don't know. He's just in the nostalgia and all that.
I'm going to ask. So I'm going to, you know, I don't know.
Now, the Alfred Hitchcock movies, one that he'll were those made because they were good.
I know he made some of the 40s and I got the whole collection at home. I got to watch it.
The old collection that he let me.
But I think some of the Alfred Hitchcock movies that we like a lot were like 50s and 60s.
So even that says still hanging out there. QAIM, hello.
George.
Yes.
Hey, two stories for you.
Okay. Oh, you were with the whole thing again, though.
You were talking about, I'm back.
Go ahead.
One operator.
Yeah, I had a horrible experience and I was trying to be a good Samaritan.
I was trying to catch the super people mover and Miami.
And...
That's a good name for it. It moves stupid people.
Yeah, well, they, the stupid elevator got to stand.
I called 911 up and I said, you know, because emergency buttons on the metro mover station weren't working.
I called up and I asked, what's the address of the people mover station?
I said, well, you can't miss this.
Well, we need a physical address of the metro mover.
Right.
And then the lady hung up on me.
Like I'm going to do, like I just did because we got phone problems and I don't know why.
And we turned all our monitors down here in the studio because I thought maybe it was my monitor with the open microphone in here and it wasn't.
It turned it all the way down and I could still hear it coming from Josh's room over there.
The same feedback was still going on. Wasn't it Josh?
Yes, just so I don't know what's going on with our equipment or if there's something in addition that shouldn't be on the board or something.
I hear it when Neil's on, when Neil's not on.
We have no pots open that shouldn't be open here and still we're having this phone feedback problem that sounds like hell.
That was line nine. I'm keeping a little mental list of what's going on down here.
I didn't want to spend all day long on the 40s movies.
Remember when we come back because we got a couple movie reviews.
I already did a good night and good luck. I haven't talked about Munich yet.
And both of us got to share our feelings about Napoleon Dynamite 1212 on 560 QAM.
I will start with you, Gothamersport.
The following conversation is real.
It took place between a mob star customer and a mob star representative.
Mob star, how you doing?
Are you doing? Listen, I got a problem.
You remember that thing?
You don't mean nothing with our friend.
Yeah, well not for now but he's kicking his screaming in the trunk and I think he's going to bring the heat down on him.
Hey, you were supposed to take care of him before you went upstate.
Oh, I popped him three times.
What it's my fault he's got a scar like a bone ball that's got it.
All right, shut up. I can see your location is that bottom line under the bridge.
Yeah, so?
Yeah, so I'm going to remote it over the trunk.
Why you go back there and pop three more slugs in there so the job is done right?
All right, all right.
All right, it's done.
Good. Now hop on the trunk bike and head north.
Mob star.
Always there. Always ready.
Kapiche?
Hey, thanks, Mob star.
Hey, forget about it.
No problem. Here's a fact from Mark George.
The problem with the 40 films is that half the decade was eaten up with World War II,
which produced a lot of bad, hokey films and the reaction that came out there to tell us anything later
about film noir. Yeah, I know all about it.
These films tend to be hard, boiled and cynical, not hokey at all to the best are Double Indemno,
the 1944, which I've heard of.
Don't ask for what I heard of it.
One of the best to the genre with Fred McMurray and Barbara Stanwick, I hate her.
As murderous lovers, awesome ending and also out of the past 1947 Robert Mitcheman, Douglass.
Both are undone by an unbelievably hot femme fatale Jane Greer.
She's just incredible in this film of these movies.
Don't do it for you. Give up on the 40's. I'll save your facts, Mark.
And go looking for these casually.
I'm not going to rush right out.
Another thing that really bugs me about them, and it's not a big deal, but it's just common to all of the movies.
And they have no excuse because they've already been making movies for a long time at this point.
I don't know if you've ever noticed this, Josh.
Let me just set up one of the typical scenes, and you can apply this to pretty much all of them.
The chick is going to shoot the guy that she just caught cheating or something, or the guy told the chick
he doesn't want to marry her or be around her anymore.
So she pulls out her girl gun.
They all have girls had guns in these movies. They're all pretty and shiny.
So I've rolled over to the goalers, right?
And they hold it like this. They hold it.
If the audience would just look at how I'm holding my gun right now.
That's out. That's straight out the way that you would hold a gun.
And I know that they knew how to shoot in those days.
And somebody in Hollywood had to know that that's not how you hold a gun.
But they hold it up close to their chest. And then they squeeze the trigger.
And you hear the gun sounds.
There is no smoke. There is no kick. There is no nothing from the gun at all.
To show you the viewer that it's being fired.
They show the guy getting shot. There is no bullet entry effect at all.
Just the guy goes, like just like punches his chest like somebody punched him in the chest.
And it falls over.
You know what I'm talking about?
And they hold them in the gun and let them like, and that's every single freaking movie that they have a gun.
And it doesn't matter whether it's a guy holding the gun or the girl holding the gun.
But it's especially disturbing when it's the girl holding it.
Because like if a chick is going to shoot a gun, you're going to see a kick.
It's like, come on. Hello actor.
Act like you just shot a gun. Kick it up in the air a little bit.
No, no. Yeah. They just, they just squeeze the trigger.
There's nothing coming out of it. You know, just in and the guy falls over.
It's like, why are you, why even bother with the prop department bringing a gun?
You know why not just have the finger out and just pretend it's a gun?
So speaking of movie reviews, some unique.
And since it was Steven Spielberg, I'm going to give it a thumbs down.
You know what I mean? He has no excuse for making a movie like this.
Steven Spielberg knows how to make movies.
And it was someone has established that they know how to make a movie.
I don't, I don't allow them to make mad movies afterwards.
He did, he did ET, right? He did freaking chindler's list.
So he knows how to make a movie, knows how to paste them.
See, this is what would be a good movie.
Important subject matter. He treated it fairly.
He got both sides in there. He brought up some issues.
Eric Banner did a great job acting. They had some really gritty violent scenes.
They did the way that they did it was good.
Like they did the whole Munich event.
They portrayed that in flashback fashion as what I'm trying to say through my death head.
The movie actually starts with the Munich event had just happened.
And the Israeli government is getting this kill squad together to go after the terrorists
that killed the Olympians, the Israeli Olympians.
And so there's moral dilemmas and everything that come up, blah, blah, blah,
as they go hunting these guys down and killing them, which they do.
Ed deservedly so, of course.
And then they're showing the actual Munich event in flashback form periodically throughout the movie.
So by the time the movie ends, you've seen the entire Munich event
with the helicopters and the blowing up and the shooting of the hostages.
A lot of gritty violence in the movie.
But in between all of the gritty violence in these violent scenes,
not all of them were done correctly.
Some of the scenes take place at night and the pictures too dark
and you can't really tell what's going on.
Is this one of the good guys shooting or one of the bad guys?
And who's shooting at this?
Who's that guy there?
You know what I mean?
Like they didn't spend enough time setting up who this particular clown was.
It's like, wait, who's this guy shooting?
And who's this guy he's shooting at?
There were some scenes that were just too confusing.
But that's not the bad part of the movie.
The bad part is, and just like in Good Night and Good Luck,
every time that there's a conversation, the movie grinds to a halt.
Almost backwards.
Like you can't, these guys can't have a conversation and make it snappy.
These guys can't have a conversation where the scene is edited.
No, no, it's got to be drawn out and slow talking and really quiet and really morose
and just taking forever to get to the point.
You know what I mean?
Like I'm kind of the way I'm talking right now.
Interesting there.
So like you're trying to like this movie and you're interested in the story and what's going on.
But you've got to just endure these long, slow conversation scenes.
And for someone like Spielberg to deliver that, it's inexcusable.
Because you know how to make a freaking movie, Steve.
But what does that have to do with Napoleon Dynamite?
And how I want to curse all of the clowns that called up and suggested that movie to me.
Because there's been more than one, not just the people that called on the show,
but people in my life have said, hey, if you say Napoleon Dynamite, it's funny.
And then you, it was an epitomically.
Yeah.
Or in the same thing happened to you.
I totally agree.
Oh, Napoleon Dynamite funny.
It's like I understand where they were going.
I understand what they were trying for, but they failed miserably.
All right.
Halfway through this movie, I'm thinking and going like, all right, when is the movie going to start?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm set up.
Here's this character and here's this friend.
All right.
I'm set up.
You all have already established.
This is the geeky guy and this is his geeky-beater friend.
Okay.
All right.
I understand that now when, when is the movie start happening?
When is something start happening?
When is something quality happening?
Okay.
I kept asking myself, something is funny.
It's so funny.
It's so funny.
It would be good or something, something would be good.
Something like an event.
When does something happen other than these guys moving from one location to another,
talking about nothing?
All right.
Because basically it was just one scene after another.
With dudes talking about nothing.
That is all it.
That's a movie.
That was it.
And then the credits roll and he did an amusing dance.
Yeah.
He went out on stage and danced and that was cute.
Not cute enough to cause my mouth shape to change.
In other words, from just, you know, where it normally sits at rest.
Right.
You know, I'll slack-jawed with drool coming out of it.
I didn't curl a lip.
I didn't, you know, break a half-smile.
None of my face skin wrinkled at any point during that movie.
And I, you know, I don't know about you, but I've asked the people that claim that it's so great.
Two questions.
One, what is so great about it?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And, you know, anybody can answer that.
And two, what's funny about it?
Right.
I waited patiently.
What is it?
Like, I watched with my friends.
They start dying.
I was missing.
I wasn't crocheting or playing a video game at the same time as this movie.
I, you know, I was in bed and I was just watching it and nothing.
Man, it was like, like a...
I might as well stare at the blank screen TV.
I might as well watch the much music channel, you know, the song plays and it got little artist information coming up.
That would have been time better spent than watching Napoleon freaking dynamite.
And with a name like that, talk about me thinking the wrong thing.
I'm thinking that at some point, they're going to make this guy over, right?
Something.
The Mexican and his friends are going to, are going to pump this guy out, right?
Something is going to happen.
This was a movie where nothing happened all the way through.
And in my opinion, there was nothing funny.
There was nothing funny.
There was no, it's like they shot a lot of film.
Yeah.
And there was a lot of words written.
And it didn't start anywhere.
And it didn't go anywhere, but it took a long time getting there.
QI Am Hello.
How are you doing, George?
How you doing?
Here we go with phone fun again.
George, I have four screens in for you from the 40s.
And I heard you talk about his first American release.
It was in the 40s.
It's entitled Rebecca.
You see that film?
No, I don't think so.
Good stuff.
And the treasure that's here, Mothra is a wonderful film.
Okay, it's Westerns.
How about the Ares?
I've been on here for months to watch that one.
The Ares?
The Ares?
Did it wear hats in that?
The Ares with Montgomery Cliff and Olivia Davelin,
she won the best actress.
Montgomery Cliff isn't either one with a light bulb head,
big bulbous forehead.
Montgomery, my head looks like the cliffs have dove her.
No, I don't think I think I'm going to have to show somebody else.
And one movie that's just, you've got to see this is Red River.
Have you ever heard of it or seen it?
I've heard of it.
Is it another Western?
Yeah, but did you think the classic, I mean,
I've sorted out the good ones from the bad ones, you know?
All right, is it better than Outlaw Josie Wales?
It's no comparison, man.
Really?
It's a classic film with John Wayne in Montgomery Cliff.
I've never seen Outlaw Josie Wales.
What?
Did you see Shane?
Different, different type of film.
Did you see Shane?
Now come on, man, right in down and watch him.
You haven't seen Shane?
What?
Once again?
Shane?
You're following your bad film.
Yeah, I know the phones are bad.
No wonder he never saw Outlaw Josie Wales.
I hope he was saying that Outlaw Josie Wales was better when he was in.
No, he wasn't saying that at all.
That's what you thought.
1228 on 560.
Can you hear that?
A...
Well, here's some Yanni while you're queuing that up.
WQAM.
John, the Baker's been around in town for a long time, over 30.
Not too many.
Adam, 30 years in a few different locations, including North Miami,
where he used to pick out there all the time.
And now he's got two great locations for you.
John, the Baker's in Pembroke Pines, at 125.92 Pines Boulevard.
And he's also in the Cooper City, at the corner of Sterling and Pine Island,
a little bit of 8835 Sterling Road, for a takeout in Pembroke Pines called 954-431-43515.
And in Cooper City called 954-252-0091.
The food is fresh, delicious, they give you gigantic portions.
And of course, the prices are teeny and tiny.
So you can take the whole family in time and time again.
For a truly great Italian goodies and fantastic, some of the best pizza you've ever had,
it's John the Baker in Pembroke Pines and prestigious Cooper City.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 162-A Watch Solid.
What should they do with it?
Why do they want it?
Come on, come on, come on!
Woo!
Another average of Americans from St. Mary.
Who wants to hear us, hang on?
What the hell did we do?
You keep this, why do we all hang it?
That's who Sonsha knew.
She's a booty.
Yes, I am.
Or she's a booty.
Or she's a booty.
Yes, I am.
I'm not just a booty.
Here's all I need to hold you away.
Stop with all these matters.
And she was not pushing.
Or she's a booty.
Or she's a booty.
Or I'm not a booty.
Or she's a booty.
Or she's a booty.
Or she's a booty.
Or she's a booty.
Call 33-560-WQ-A-Miguel is at the van right now.
7701, Biscayne Boulevard at the Grand Opening of the Advance Auto Park.
CD's, T-shirts, and a grand total of 220.
We're only going to be on for like 10 more minutes or in change.
We've got one more break in the middle of that.
So please, since he's going to be coasting from this point out,
go down there now.
Hear me now and drive down there later.
Buy the CDs, buy the T-shirts, give them to people.
Good stuff on there.
As a matter of fact, it's a nice sampler this year reaching all the way back into the past.
The bridge tenders on there.
That's worth 20 bucks if nothing else, just so that we don't have to hear you requesting it anymore.
There it is.
Play it to death.
Wear the groove out on the CD.
I know you can't.
But you can wear that out.
Hey, I've got to get a movie for you.
As a matter of fact, if somebody has a copy of this movie called the People Next Door,
get me a copy and I'll copy it and give it back to you.
Because I'm watching this movie and I just realized the origin of the word groovy.
Ever think about it?
I guess not.
No, we like it.
It's a good word, right?
It's groovy, baby.
It's groovy.
There's the original, well not the original, but...
Wait a minute, don't you read the memory.
No, no, it was Army of Darkness that I thought was weak.
Okay.
See, I love Army of Darkness.
Evil Dead 2, I've seen 20 freaking times, man.
Well, he said that in Army of Darkness.
Well, but he made it popular there.
I mean, our Army of Darkness is obviously their attempt to milk the madness.
Continue milking the success of Evil Dead 2, which was, it's a classic.
I mean, that's a keeper for the ages.
Evil Dead 2.
Funniest?
I don't know.
What do you call that?
Horror movie, ever.
You know what?
It's got so many purposes.
Historical.
Yeah.
The hand thing, I don't know which part I like best.
Probably when he was fighting with himself.
Was the craziest part of the movie.
Were him in the hand?
Were going at it.
It was good.
Yeah, yeah.
It was movie.
So, I'm watching this movie a long time ago, this groovy movie.
The people next door, and the chick says when the parents confront her about her drug use.
And she pops off at them.
She says, are you ready for this?
Because I had not been, I was born in the 60s, but I didn't, you know, talk.
Because I was only born in 64.
So, I didn't know the lingo back then.
So, the chick says to the parents, she says, I've tried all the grooves, even horse, meaning heroin.
But, as it's my scene, because she's talking hippie talk, right?
And they follow that.
I tried all the grooves, and then it hit me.
Oh yeah, grooves, as in record grooves.
That's what they called drugs.
In other words, whatever drug you were into, that was your groove.
That was another word, that was the groove that you followed.
Like a needle follows a groove on the record.
You follow that?
The groove in the record is a wavy track.
You got that?
Okay.
If you're on drugs, you're in a groove.
You're grooving.
If you're on drugs, if you're, say, on an acid trip, that's your groove.
You're into an acid groove.
That's what that meant back then.
Okay.
I kind of knew that, but I didn't really think it through.
So, groove-y, meaning, high.
How do you like that?
Everything's a freaking drug reference.
High, like a lot.
Space cadet, spaced out, all of that.
Part of these things.
And I never really thought about it before, but I was just thinking about that movie the other day,
because we've been thinking about movies lately, and that's one that I got to get for you.
It's like one of the first anti-drug movies, at least of that period.
I mean, I'm talking about the real ones, not those reaper-magnus ones or cocaine fiends,
and not those hysterical laughing ones.
So, I never did Read Niels' poll, the desirable women one.
Let me do this in order.
Who is the US living politician?
You admire the most.
Bill Clinton, 425.
I mean, that's it.
I'll tell you why I don't admire him the most.
He shouldn't have lied about that monica thing.
I know it's embarrassing, Bill.
I know that everyone lies about that kind of thing, but look at what you would have avoided,
and what the nation would have avoided.
Oh, excuse me.
What the nation would have avoided if he had just said, yeah, sure.
You know, honestly, that's not what I thought you were going to say.
Well, I mean, I think it's small potatoes.
I thought you were going to say, I don't admire him because he got caught.
Well, I don't admire him because he has bad taste.
I mean, look at what Kennedy was doing.
This is true.
Kennedy had some great action going, but I mean, come on, Bill.
And especially if you're going to get into a ring or over that,
over that fact check, which managed me, I spent half hour here yesterday doing some things,
watching date my mom, and one of the daughters was fat.
The guy didn't pick her, which is too bad because he was a dill,
and I wanted him to pick the fat girl, but he didn't.
And in the previous episode, mom flashed him.
So guess who he picked?
Yeah, yeah, smart choice.
The daughter was even more phenomenal than mom,
because she said, don't think that I'm going to do that.
I mean, mom is the slut.
That's how I was born.
Speaking of TV, have you been watching Drawing Together this season?
Yeah.
Oh, it really stepped up.
Yeah, they've really stepped up.
One step, see several steps beyond what they were.
No, last season was very hit or miss.
But if they're not messing around.
They're not just off the hook.
They're nowhere near the hook, man.
Yeah.
They love the hook way behind.
It's great.
And if you just watch South Park and draw together right on after it.
It's a can't complain for all of the hour.
Much like watching the Daily Show and the Colbert Report.
Congratulations.
Because I watched the Colbert Report where he did the decolbert code predicting the Oscar winners.
And he nailed 5 out of 5.
Wow.
Yeah.
And so I watched the one last night where he was celebrating and reminding everyone that he got it right.
But my daughter actually reminded me right after the Oscar.
She said, by the way, I don't know if you noticed.
Colbert called all those because she's a big Colbert fan.
Cool.
And he did.
Here's Neil's poll from yesterday.
Who is the woman you most desired?
Jessica Alba, 211.
A Faxor did some research for us.
Because remember I was asking, what is, she's got a tint to her, right?
She's got a shade.
Yes.
What is she?
Oh yeah.
Do you want to know?
Who she be?
She's Mexican French English Dutch.
Wow.
Yes.
Combine.
She's a cocktail of all kinds of fun things.
But the caramel color comes from a Mexican bean.
So there you go.
Jessica Alba, 211.
Followed by Halle Berry.
It's a good day to be that color.
100 in this, 177.
Angelina Jolie, 148.
She's there on 130.
Scarlett Johansson, 122.
Thank you.
None.
I'm a straight female, 74.
None.
I'm gay, 63.
Natalie Portman, 61.
I hate this poll, 57.
Evilongoura, 49.
Britney Spears, 47.
Jessica Beale, 46.
Salma Hayek, 42.
Jennifer Connolly, hats off.
32.
Adriana Lima, 31.
Jenna Jamison, 26.
Jessica Simpson, 23.
Pamela, I leave a slime trail when I walk.
Anderson, 23.
Sandra Bullock, you're a sweetheart, 17.
Catherine Zeta, Jones.
Anna Cornicoba, and Jennifer Tilly, each got 15.
Shakira, and Paris Hilton got 14.
Oh.
Maria Manudos, 13.
Jennifer Aniston, 12.
Vida Guerrera, 8.
Also, Tyra Banks, and Sierra Miller got 8.
Maria Sharpe, and Jazelle, my underwear, is bunch and 7.
Monica Balucci, 6.
Terry Hatcher, Michelle Fife, also got 6.
4.
Each for Jillian Barbury, most annoying person on the planet.
Gabrielle Union, Naomi Watts, and Pam Greer, they all got 4.
Serena Williams, 3.
Emory, 3.
Janet Jackson, 2.
Michelle Rodriguez, 2.
Ugly, Molly Ringwild, 1.
And Eva LaRue got 1 out of 1561.
It is 18.
Tull 1.
Game coming up very shortly.
At least, Marlon's on deck is coming up shortly.
Marlon's in the Red Sox from Jupiter.
Coming up at 105, Jim Manichaptor, the Game Panthers preview at 6.
30.
Florida Panthers, and the Ottawa Senators at 7 o'clock at Kaplan after that game on WQAN.
Hey, I'll take one thing when you're shopping for shoes at Scandalist.
If you're going anywhere beside Brandy's, because you're getting ripped off.
You're certainly not getting the deal.
You're going to get a Brandy's and not getting a selection.
And you're certainly not getting the personalized care and treatment that you get at Brandy's.
They treat your feet like gold, man.
They find a little and they practically kiss him.
And your feet too.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters make sure you get a perfect customized fit every time at the right price of the top brands in the business like Rockport, Floreshine, Echo, Lafesto, New Balance, SAS, all the other top names.
Brandy's even specialized in wide wits if you got big ugly fat feet.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about any place in town so don't forget that unbeatable combination that makes Brandy's heads and shoulders above the rest.
Comfort, style, fit, value and selection.
It's always Brandy's shoes.
And Brandy's you'll find it at that same great location.
They've been going strong for about 400 years, 1290 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach.
Brandy's just opened daily till nine Sundays till five in this week.
They continue with that new balance deal.
It's a great time to buy new balances.
We get Brandy's because all great men's and women's styles are 10 to 20 bucks extra off.
So save a lot of cash by getting the rest into this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Do buy parts world.
Get forward in the United Arab Emirates.
In the Middle East.
Seriously.
Hey, don't worry.
We're good at recognizing terrorists.
Oh, hello Abdul.
Hi, Mohamed.
Hey, I need to check your cargo container very carefully.
I hear something thinking.
What have you got in there?
My friend.
And our o'clock?
Excellent.
Come ashore.
Do buy parts world.
When it comes to safe port operations, we're out of union.
Coming soon, Mexican drug lords will take over border security and Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind.
Sure.
What a 13 to one o'clock five, 60 WQI and what's our total out there at the van?
240.
240.
All right, we'll take it.
Please.
Go visit the girl.
Yeah, man.
I'll keep talking.
The light.
The light is here.
That is at the reef of man.
The orange is in there.
I think he's long.
1932.
I can't tell the way.
I threatened you with it.
So you know, cool people used to live a long time ago.
Now they're dead.
They were out there.
Miguel is at the grand opening of advanced auto parts.
7701, this game boulevard in Miami.
He's got the CDs.
He's got the T-shirts.
$20 a piece.
Marlon's on deck is next.
And you guys, Mr. Gold, the pages out.
Did we need to step on you there?
I can't.
What have you done?
I've made this up whenever the hell you want to, guys.
Remember it's game time.
If there's an instrumental solo.
He'll talk some more.
See like this.
I could say it was the same.
But I didn't know it was happening.
Happy we ever met this funny river man.
If he ran to death.
Of the 260.
Oh, little pickles.
Then you know you're talking to that river man.
Have you ever met this funny river man.
Have you ever met a funny river man.
If he takes the fucking man you want to give you Pennsylvania.
Then you know you're talking to the river man.
Yeah.
This is from 1932.
We ever met a funny river man.
Have you ever met a funny river man.
If he says one speed is funny.
Because he won't sell real learning.
Then you know you're talking to that river man.
Just what you were talking to.
