Big shot!
In the wind,
The air was wet
As you see KS
We down south
Weared them up once north
To hang from trees
And play banjo
You got some wool on
A station on
Newfangled radio
Now as north
Carolina goes
Raleigh's a big city
And old and that's where
The beesleaves had to go
For Jolly Raleigh Jones
A new jam
He'll do what he can
Shake your hand like a friend
Then quickly walk away
They had jolt
Go to five-six-oh
With ratings
And the toilet mold
To get those
Blaming sportful mose
In order and control
To to to to to
And so
Jolly Raleigh
Go above you
And him the mold
He lets mose
Go and here's what
Lose gives Gowdy his own show
Ha!
He'll make a big change
And read a rain
It's worse or the same
He hasn't done a thing
Or what goes
All the air at two
Jodo's
Pamas thinkin' clue
Out of four
Not medicine-fully
Lost for all radio
The GM
Of five-six-oh
Jolly Raleigh Jones
Rock solid
I'll tell you one thing
Every day
In Maryland, America
Is always said about
Tropical Stormelverte
You want to know why?
Why?
Because it means he and N's
Going to be having a lot
More Rob Marciano on here
The stuff that I just found on the internet
Man, I'm going to tell you
Why don't they just put one big
Banner on there
All of them just sign it
I have no life
My God!
Get a life-already
Okay, stop in a fantasy land
It's one thing to look and say
And that's pretty interesting
But it's another thing
Like to have to go online
And like, oh, yeah, it gives
Them something to do, man
Get something of substance, man
Yeah, I saw that thing too
On date line again last night
It was on MSNBC
So they must have repeated it later
On the night
Yes, they did
And they're like obsessed with this
And the interesting part of it is
To prove how much they were accomplishing
Is that most of these guys
Not most of them
But several of the guys that they entrapped in there
Yeah
They said, well, have you seen us?
They said, well, have you seen me before on date line?
We're doing a series on
Yeah, I've seen you
So obviously, we've been discouraging people, right?
Yeah, right
At any rate
We'll let you know when Rob Marciano is on scene
And all you queens out there
All you desperate queens
That want to take a peek
You know, before we talk about yesterday
The weekend poll
The SunCentral has got their own poll on there over the weekend
Also, Rick Shock, congratulations this Friday
50 years
Radio business
How do you like that?
And boy, that time, Jicke, he's got a column on there
We're going to read it
Goes on for five million words
It's a lie, I am not, but not safe
He even says that on there
So, nice going, Ricky Tickey-Shob, would tip our own cap
What are he's going under that cap?
Probably a lot of mong
From all the years he's been wearing that thing
50 years in the business, not in South Florida, of course
But it's over 40, I believe
Anyways, so the SunCentral is taking this poll
How closely are you following the heat now that they're like, you know, this bandwagon effect is going on
7,618 votes on the SunCentral poll
And I think the results are very revealing
Too bad our programming people aren't paying attention to things like this
33.6% say I'll watch all the games and read the news coverage
That's about a third
18.7% say I'll watch some of the games and read the news coverage
But 13.5% say I'll read the news to see who won but won't watch any of the games
So that's like a very, that's not really much interest
Right, even I look to see who won a game
Right, yeah
And 34.2% said I don't follow basketball
So if you take those last two categories and put them together, you got 47.6
Almost 50% out of 7,618 votes
Almost 50% have little or no interest in the heat
So once again we've proved that narrow casting really pays off
But at any rate, I mean just on and on
And I've got their ass kicked last night, you know
Yeah, bad, I get it
Did I get that wrong?
Oh no, you got that right
I mean I saw that score, it looked to me like they got their ass whooped big time
And they've got two nothing in the finals
I just mentioned that in passing because a lot of people out there are intensive
So that's our poll question day, who would you rather date?
Shaq or a Rob Marciano, all your queens out there
I would ask the ladies but of course the ladies we don't have any ladies
They're probably all over there with Joe Rose, all the ladies
Here's the poll question from Friday over the weekend, 1860 votes
That's not too shabby for our weekend in mid-June
Not bad at all
Not bad at all, and now we just replayed, oh my god
I thought about somebody who did a drag routine, my close personal friend Susan Candiotti's out there on the beach
And she was wearing the same orange outfit that Rob Marciano was wearing before
I thought maybe Rob made the total transformation into a lady
Wow, holy moly Rob, that's in clear water
And of course it's only the, what is it?
The 12th of June and you already got the first tropical storm of the season
Nice going, better you than me, Alberto
Things started going in the toilet in a QA and we asked on Friday
When Joe Rose left, and I just mentioned Joe Rose?
You did, see it?
Two hundred and fifty two people say that when he really screwed him over bad
They lied and lied, they stoned walled and they postponed meetings
And Greg went into his hiding routine again
And then finally they've stuck Stern on here
When Joe Rose left, 252, I hate this full 220, although that's down to 11-20 percent
When Stern came on, 202, so you tied the first and the third one together there
Which basically the timing is the same, and you've got like, not good news
Things started going in the toilet at a QA and when they hired Joyce, she was like an afterthought
We added her later and she came on a very strong fourth
But I let this thing go another couple of hours, she'd have passed the Stern
195 for Joyce that bitch
Klueless honey, when they broke up the first team 166
I think that we used the right answer when you come right down to it because that was the beginning of the dilemma that they were never able to solve
And still had it obviously, when Scott Farrell was fired 150
Yeah, let's leave Monter a little till we're sure we lost the license, let's leave Mon
There we go, when he went all sports, 135, that's a long time ago
When Hank went to mornings 123, when Moe was let go
That Mr. Howard, 99, when Stern was taken off 94
When Scott Farrell was hired 53, when Neil came on year 46, although I have rumors on that deal
The 20 of those votes were by Robert Grieper and the other 20 by Clarence and six were by...
46, when Neil came on, that's when things started going to hell
When Clarence became the PD 40, when Joe Bell became the EM has got...
Bob, it's Bob's the man!
It just popped in the door when he said that
Who was that?
Dr. Dero, Clarence
All according to a Norma Kent, he's a very handsome young man
Oh is that right?
That's what I have for an agent, okay?
Spends this hour and a half or however long I had this meeting on Friday
This breathless meeting, evidently it was breathless
And his report to me later in the day is that, you know, Clarence is a handsome young man
I said, boy you better get to an optometrist right away
There are a lot of adjectives I could use for Clarence, but handsome is not one of them, okay?
I mean, good God, talk about desperate Norma
Go out and pick up some hot runaways and forget about Clarence, good Golly
I wouldn't do him with Ura, anyway, the ticket game on 21
That's when things start going bad, it's only 21, it's 1.1%
The ticket said really a big impact, not in fact that 1.1% is the number they can relate to
When screw-in God can 19, when Greg Read left only 8 and when Chris Moore left 7
So Greg Read and Chris Moore are wallowing way down to the bottom
So at any rate, that's obviously Greg created most of the problems
And then they said, hey that's enough already, a little bit late, a little bit late Joyce
Here's today's poll so far, I think we'll do that one on the Aheat for tomorrow
Okay, we should, don't you?
Sure, because after all this is all sports radio
Let's find out about the QN people if they're a little bit having up to their ears with
At Ira and who are the other ones we have on all the time, Randy Pufund, Pat Riley,
I'll have Riley of course, but I picked up a Reese back here
What's the story Pat? What's the excuse for these last two, for that last night especially?
I mean, again, the other night was at least competitive for the last few seconds
Yeah, last night was a blow out, was an embarrassment
The last two way hangs as well, the odds makers haven't given up, they made them four point favorites for tomorrow's game
Well, what we do, you know, we're down two games to zip, there's thinking to join out
Any interest on this show? No, I don't care
720 votes, we got to 1000 made in the shade, no problem
And by the way, if we do have a UN baseball game tonight, that's news to me
Because it says, I haven't had the updated schedule here
Really, the new one I sent you this morning didn't...
No, it doesn't have a...
They didn't have that
But what do you mean the new one, I didn't have an old one
It's all right, God, it says, uh, Curtis 2-4 and then there's like an asterisk on there
I don't know what the asterisk means, because it doesn't say, there's an asterisk on there
But, you know, generally when there's an asterisk next to something at the bottom of the page, it'll give you like a...
Maybe a...
Maybe Curtis has taken those steroids, you know
Oh, is that what it is? Yeah, that's it
And that's why Curtis is getting the asterisk
In fact, that's the good news, Curtis is on today, the bad news is he's on every day the rest of the week
Every single day, wow
Nice going with that meaning, Norma
Yeah, it's Josh Darrow, he's a very handsome young man
Oh, what a queen, Norma, what a silly queen
And then he also tells him that they're going to be getting a letter from him in this middle of this week
Even though he knows that they're not going to pay any attention to it
That's the guy that's got real clout
I mean, this is a guy that used to be a hell-raiser man, he used to like be a legal maniac
And I was just like, he's wimped out
Curtis 2-4, mad dog 4-7, and then we got UM baseball, I guess, huh, an EDK after that
UM and I heard something about Joseph Gackie being a Mississippi, which I think is a good place for him
Because everybody knows
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay?
He said it's a treat to feet year to a beat your feet on the Mississippi mud, that's what Joseph
720 votes on the pool, the woman I despise most is
I mean, is this even a contest?
No, I vote it twice and she's winning
Yeah
He's down, especially lately, because she's so obnoxious
And says 8 million articles about her, everybody looked
Oh my gosh, and the ones that really cracked me up are like the Rob Marciano thing, oh at least he looks good
Well, of course, you know, get a attractive woman on there, people pay attention
She's attractive, yeah, I'll tell you one thing, if all women in the world looked like that, every male would be
Yeah, God, give me a break
Anyway, the woman I despise most and coder, not even close, 391
She's got more than half, she's got 53.5% of all the votes
Condor Leaser 103, nasty, hateful bitch
Oh, you know who we left off in here?
Who's that?
Joyce!
Oh man, you better add that on there right away
I have a feeling she's going to pull off the same stunt she did Friday, and that's climb, you know
As an afterthought, she climbed up there to an ice-forth, I think she could be right on Anzac
Right, Philly, so?
Condor Leaser 103, Hillary Clinton 50, 66, the ice-princess
In other words, Dyke, Oprah 42, I wonder about her too, not that I care about you, and that whole Steadman thing, you really buy into that?
No, not really, she's married to her work
I hate this poll 36, my ex-wife, 36, Nancy Grace 24, Philly Shuflai, I love it, that's because nobody remembers who that is no more, Philly Shuflai Pie
My mother-in-law, I'll see, I put Rita Crosby in an Eric put it on her, her name really is Rita Crosby
But everybody calls her Rita Crosby, so that's what we put on her, and she's only got 10, and that's because most people don't know who she is
12 and it's past 10 at QAM
This is Neil Rogers, this is 5.62.8
You feel a lot of pain, alright?
If you're Rogers, I'll score a total radio WQA
Welcome to the World Colt Soccer Championships, I'm Tomi Charles, and I'm Nigel Derby
Today's match fits the Scientologists of America against the French Ray Aliens, how do you rate this match?
Well, it should be quite the contest, celebrity Scientologists against a radiance squad made up entirely of clones of soccer great Pylei
Both teams have taken the field, the Scientologists will kick off
Then we're underway, it's going through passing to Jones and Volta, being marked close to by Pylei and Elba Bore
Pylei number 6 is a select, 12 cruisers in the clip
I don't know what I lovely ball from, Dr. Volta, cruisers touched the magic lazy, Dr. Cruisers changed
Except Dr. Pratt and I, the Scientologists take up with one million and the Ray Aliens, what is this in a piercow be?
The Ray Aliens aimed, passing through, cult version, committed massacres
And that's the end of the ring at T
Going us for our next match, and the Scientologists, take on the dead head next time
On the world cult, so good job,ianships, cheers!
Ted 17, now what time is that US Czech Republic soccer game for the club?
That's a newter, was that a newter?
No, we're going to be carrying that or what?
Because I think it's probably just as much interest in that as there is in some of those things
Now, do we get an update on that baseball game?
No, we did not
Oh, do we have a third person sitting in there with us today?
No, we do not
Oh, excellent job, nice meeting there Norma, you really get the job done
She is really something, in fact, wouldn't surprise me if a lot of those postings on the internet is about Rob Marciano, probably from Norma, silly queen
Leonard Pitts, Jr., in the Baltimore Sun, I guess probably is syndicated in the hero too, but he writes for the Baltimore Sun now
Oh, I see no wait a minute, he still a columnist for the hero that his column appears Sundays in the Baltimore Sun
He writes, this weekend, apparently it's news that Ann Coder is an SD piece of work
I had rather thought that it was the attraction, at least for those people who are trying to attract it
See, there we go again
So forgive me for being mildly mystified by recent headlines about our most recent spasm of trash mouth, i.e. her attack on four women who lost their husbands in an 11 terrorist attacks
But then the attack is vicious even by Miss Coder standards, and her latest book, whose title you won't read here, she savages the widows as self-obsessed and witches
These broads are millionaires, she writes, lionized on TV and an articles about them, reveling in their status as celebrities and stalked by grief or rotsies
I've never seen people enjoying their husbands' death so much
Evidently the widows censor that they pushed for an independent commission to investigate 9-11 intelligence pages, their critical of the Bush administration and they endorse Senator John Kerry for president, the Nerv of them
Miss Coder's tirade is drawn by partisan condemnation, New York Democratic Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton called it vicious, while the state's Republican governor George Potanky declared Miss Coder far worse than insensitive
But come on, this is all part of the stick for this chick, I mean, oh, she's a chick with the stick
I mean, we're talking about the woman who said that Tim McVase only mistake was not throwing up in the New York Times building, and that we should invade Muslim countries, kill their leaders, and convert the people to Christianity
Frankly, it's easy to do what Miss Coder does, just say the most outrageous thing in the most inflammatory way, just give moral and mental cover that small-minded anti-intellectual strain of the electorate that recurals like Superman in the face of kryptonite from complexity and uncertainty
And when people call you on it, just wrap yourself in the flag and declare yourself a straight-tudent conservative under siege by that mean oliberal media
It plays like gangbusters in peoria, and never mind that it's a brazen lie
And Coder is not reviled because she's conservative, some of the best and most respected pundits in the country are conservative, George Will, Kathleen Parker, Charles Crownhammer, just in name three
They offer smart snarky, cogent analyses of the world of national events, and if you disagree with them not as I infrequently do, you'll be required to do some mental and heavy lifting to dismantle their arguments because they challenge you
No Miss Coder is reviled because she's mean, malicious, devarbroy, frontwoman for a cable cabala, blowviators, bully boys and blowhards, Russia and Barbilla, Riley, Michael Savage and too many others, were pleased to regard themselves as the guardians of conservatism soul
Conservatism soul should sue for slander, but again it plays in peoria and why not? It's loud, simple and stupid, not unlike the jury's fringert show
The nation's political discourse has never been as polite and decorous as we like to think
Abraham Lincoln's political foe, foes called him a bad boon, Lyndon Johnson once said that zero-four played too much football without a helmet, which I think he had a good point
When however even widows become for a game for viperous heridan with an axe to grind and books to sell, maybe decent people should wonder where the lines we crossed and the type of nation we've become in the process
Miss Coder's victim is by the way felt compelled to release a statement, it said in part contrary to Miss Coder's statements there was no joy in watching men that we loved burn alive
There was no happiness in telling our children that their fathers were never coming home again, in a better nation that would go without saying
Since your buddy Leonard Pitts, nice going Leonard, you go man
I would say you go boy but that would be like, consider it as a rightful thing and I don't want to do that
I was joyous getting a little something here, what? Come on, let's have a little something some for joy, she's got three votes, I was 7.69
We got the thousandth one so I think we do the World Cup game in noon, is that really on it noon?
Yes, 11.55 I believe to be a bet, right
Any interest? Now I'll confess I did watch like the last five minutes of the Nettelons, whoever they played yesterday, some country that doesn't exist anymore, Mokadishu or whoever was, Somalia, I don't know
And is it a goal did you? No, the goal was already scored early in the game I guess, because that was the only one
No I got to see all those people in their orange shirts, all those Dutch people, a sea of orange
And the one thing about when you watch soccer matches, whether it's the World Cup or any other soccer match, you hear in the stands all through the game
The whole time, it just goes on, it's a steady like a, almost like it's a recording, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, the crowd in unison are all, and they're not saying like let's go Holland or let's go Germany or Germany or Germany or Boralus, they're all just making that same sound
I don't know what that is, I think that's what it is
I see, well I find it incredibly ponderous and boring and I can't even begin to tell you, oh my God
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
I know,
We cruised with him. We smosed with him. I never cruised with him. These soundtracks to life and self-photos seemingly always included DJ Rick Shaw
I think it's a little bit too long to start out
I'm gonna because it goes on and on if you don't care about Rick Shaw you better tune out
TV and then I just own jingle on Q.I.M. I'm sure you had a whole bunch of jingles
That's the only one I can find right now, which I find a little bit bizarre
I got jingles for people I've been on the station in a hundred years and some who were never on a station where the hell's that one for Ed burliner?
There's always the Florida marlins
Ed cappin
Dave Lamont
The Florida Gators
WQAM press box
Sports radio weekend
R560 WQAM
Good God, man
Yeah, they paid for the grill at a hole in my head here
Wow, they paid for those, man. That's a package
Yeah, it's a package over it
And that's where Rob Marciano's got
I think I saw him in Naples at a gay bar
There's some posting on there and then of course there's things on there about how he used to be married and how he's dating some hot chick who works at CNN
You've got whatever you want him to be that's what he is according to the fantasies of the maniacs on the internet
I'm telling you some of the stuff you find on there it's mind boggling and it's scary
It's really scary
So if you wonder about those pedophiles that are like cruising for a little kids there on the internet
Why should you be surprised at anything you find on there?
Because that's one thing the internet has given the world is access to some of the most desperate creatures on the crawling on the face of the globe
Okay, we'll get the aririki ticket and go and I'm sure we're going to have a lot of people calling with tributes to make sure I'm doing the show today
WQAM rickshaw line
Yeah, how come when you don't cross anymore with him?
What kind of a phony accent is this?
What?
I said what kind of a phony accent is this?
It's not phony accent at all, are you?
Where are you from?
Where are you from?
Romania? Yeah, go back and develop a big kiss for us
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69 AM
QAM
Where the heck on it?
Taylor had a bad day people finally awoke
They figured out that he was really a joke
In light of grey hair or his one got in
It's hard to believe we ever had a chance
He had a bad day how'd he get this far?
Simon was right, we should be singing in bars
He had a bad day
He had a bad day
All that's pointin beach on here you're watching that post guard vote of carry nine people apparently sank off the coast of pointin beach
So we have strong hopes right now
And we're looking to find these people alive and well and are trying them for their families
What kind of boat were they on?
They were on a 33 foot gritty way
I don't know like the exact model it was but it was a gritty way
You mentioned had the fermia, let's talk about the conditions
Ok well there you go, can you get her off of my screen?
Mrs. Limbaugh, make me sick
Anyway to answer the clip, set up call that we had a minute ago our first call
You have the phoney voice
Here's the answer to the question
Because I don't wanna
Here's Tom Jicke's column
He says this is how long Rick Shaw's been in radio
The station he's worked for since 1995
Magic, Bill's itself is a golden oldie station
But it's playlist contains almost none of the songs popular the day
Shaw got his first job in radio, they're too old
Shaw is hung with the Beatles, flowing with the Blue Angels and not to half century into business
Where some careers have the shelf life of a top 40 single
He all owes it to a guy who didn't show up for work
It'll be 50 years this Friday
Oh God, you old Rick
It'll be 50 years Friday that a high school senior named Jim Hummel
He wouldn't become Rick Shaw for a few years
Walked into a small radio station, East St. Louis, Illinois
His English teacher was a part-time DJ and Hummel had a teen's natural curiosity about
What went on in a radio station or you don't wanna know
As luck would have it, the guy who read the news didn't show up
You can read Can't You as teacher asked, a career was born
The general manager impressed at how professionally the young man had handled himself
Offered him a dollar an hour, good money in those days, to read the news after school
Shaw became a DJ in almost the same way
Somebody called in sick, the general manager asked if he wanted to fill in
He didn't have to ask twice
I knew going home that day that what was good I was gonna do with my life, Shaw said
For a while it seemed he would live the gypsy life of so many of the profession drifting from market to market
East St. Louis led the Omaha, then the Denver all within four years
Then Jim Hummel got back to my name became Rick Shaw
There used to be like all these Johnny Darks and Rick Shaw
Once upon a time everybody had like some fake name in this business
You know like, feel good!
Like that, right
But seriously there were like package names
Everybody had some contrived names and there were like 500 people with the same name
Rick Shaw, that's clever
Then general manager of C.A.D.W.C.K.R. the precursor to today's W.I.D. had that strange stage name in his mind for years
But never found someone he thought was right for a Shaw said
I introduced myself as Jim Hummel and he said no you're not your Rick Shaw
Desperate to escape the cold of Denver, he left Jim Hummel behind when he came to Miami
And Rick Shaw has been here ever since
How come it doesn't say what year that was? Does it say what year it was?
Pretty weak story here Tom
Fucking...
Oh my God!
Three years later he jumped to WQM AM 560, the hottest station in the market
I remember those days
Rock was booming, WQM was the in-station in Shaw was its main man
You know who's to say main man?
FN was around but nobody was listening to it Shaw said at one point the waiting service discredited him with a 54 audience share
Many had more listeners than all the other stations in the market combined
Oh my God!
A 54 share!
My God, we got people on this station and when they were taking it a two share
Especially two to four
He was the person who now did the kids listen to while they did their homework
Cruised in their cars and did other things young people do
He was hosting a reunion for the four-lawter-dale high school class of 1965 years ago
And a long time fan pulled him aside on a hotel rooftop
He told me I was the honorary Godfather of his daughter, Shaw asked what he meant
The proud father ushered Shaw toward the edge of the roof and pointed away
So he flew this spot on the beach below
See if a stranger pulls you over toward the edge of a roof, probably a good idea to start screaming for help
Yeah
See that palm tree of the man said that's where my daughter was conceived
You were playing good night my love
And that emotional?
Not really
Why not?
Emotional?
Well I mean, didn't you think you were a shed to clear?
When the guy said that?
Yeah
Oh boy!
They were doing it down there in the palm tree and Rick Shaw was on a radio playing good night my love
South Florida couldn't get enough of Shaw in the 60s American bandstand was an ash of a raid
So WPLG channel 10, the ABC affiliate in Miami decided that need a local compliment
Shaw was tapped to hosted
The show became such a monster hit in the afternoon that management wanted to do a second vision before school
I told them we can't have kids in the studio dancing at seven o'clock in the morning
He suggested an alternative that would put visuals with the hit tunes
If we were playing little surfer girl we'd have cameras on the beach Shaw said we did that for five years
We were MTV long before there was any MTV
A stopper on a Shaw's program has also become obligatory for any talent passing through town
One of his fondest memories is the day his dance show hosted a young singer who was playing a small club in South Miami
The world hadn't heard a Neil Diamond back then
Oh Neil Diamond
Oh!
I knew there was a reason I didn't like Rick
Neil Diamond
Over to your Shaw's met Diamond again a few times
He always remembers the break Shaw gave him
If a major group came to town for a concert it was virtually a sure thing Shaw had been on stage to introduce them
Especially because of the time he did so for the monkeys
Because their opening act was an unheralded singer guitarist named Jimmy Hendrix
He didn't play the national anthem Shaw said he did set his guitar on fire
If a big concert didn't come to Shaw he went to the concert
After the Beatles broke every market at a DJ who claimed the title
The fifth Beatle
Shaw was my amazing he got locked closer to the fab for the many of the others
The Beatles were coming to Miami Beach for an Ed Sullivan's show at the Dove Hotel
But unless you knew Sullivan or somebody high up at CBS at a local station
There was no way you were going to get in Shaw said
However, the Beatles did have an open concert schedule a few days later in Jacksonville
Shaw had a station run of contest for a charter plane ride and tickets to the show
A chance to meet the band was included for a select few
Ringo Stark greeted Shaw at the band's trailer with a cheeseburger in his hand
A cut set of a Diamond initial ring Shaw was wearing
Initial ring what's an initial ring?
You know like you know your initial RS
Yes, yes, Rainsworth and Beatles thing and he and Shaw share the same initials
Well, it'd be damn Ringo Stark Rick Shaw's get it how about that?
Wow Rick and Suz RS by the way Rick Shaw Rick Riley hates you
And I'm sure the thing is mutual and nice going Rick
He wanted to buy it from me Shaw said I said no because it was a gift for my wife
When it got packed the town told us to run channel 10 he was bc
By girls wanted to kiss the ring which he still wears they wanted to kiss it
I bet the bubble would have proved to that
Not long after that FM exploded putting AM into a clips
The turning point was when the government made auto makers put FM and car Shaw said
FM stations done only offered better sound they also promised more music and less talk
It became a contest to see you could play the most song Shaw said
The age of personality radio was on its way out
The opportunity for DJs to pick their own music went with it
Playlists are not compiled by consultants and for the most part
DJs instructed to do nothing more than recite the titles in the artists
Co-hosting Magic's Morning Drive Show with Donna David Shaw's got a bit more leeway
He still goes to promote and gets to promote the Magic Children's Fund as
Perturity which helps me the youngsters the influence he still has among
Wistons was illustrated in the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing in 95
Encourages fans to have their children and grandchildren send a company letter to the youngsters who lost loved ones
More than 44,000 messages were sent Shaw said
A bunch of young people became pen pals a kid from Kendall filing that up and wound up marrying a girl pen pal from Oklahoma City
Kind of sounds like that dating and mating show I used to have years ago
And we had all kinds of people get married from that show Tom as heartening as things like this might be
He still misses the impact he had during radio as golden oldies era
I feel fortunate that I came along when I did Shaw said a generation of software
It ends with a singer course of A and M and the dance days Tommy Chujica
How do you like that?
Isn't that quite a glowing thing huh?
It glows
Okay
Well you're not a Rick Shaw man?
What's wrong with you?
I think he's fine
He's a good guy Rick Shaw because he must understood it
Remember he called in not too long ago
He calls in all the time he loves this show
He's out of my anniversary see
Tom jikket didn't pay any attention to my 30th anniversary back in the first of March
But Rick Shaw called in that day and just peed all over my leg
I'm still moist from the job that he did
That's what a great guy here is
Our buddy Rick Shaw
And he's understood just like me
And he's understood a lot of people think I'm a bastard and said I read like that
Just like Rick
Just like Rick Riley thought he was a Nazi
You were the problem Riley not the Rick Shaw
You were the problem
I bet your son's probably changes mind about Rick Shaw too
842 votes are ready can you believe it?
We've only got a thousand like man
Before the soccer game starts it's a good thing we haven't really started
Thank God
Yeah
Well you know what's that soccer game starts
And of course there's always that
And let's see we got Curtis to the Florida day
I guarantee he's going to talk about nothing but that
Even though Curtis is a good guy but it just goes with the territory
Mad Dog 4 to 7 way I think he's going to be talking about
And we got the UM baseball game
I still have anything on that
Who are they playing?
Who are they playing?
What's it all about?
They're playing in Mississippi
With a band you want underneath?
That's right
Who now would want to play there?
And then any case follows you in baseball
Is he really even bother sending me a revised schedule?
That's the kind of effective job that Norma Candid
We got most of our copy is older than Muthuzla's grandfather
And we still got the same old tired you know
Well during the break I'll go ask that handsome young man
You don't go anywhere near him if you're smart
If you play your cards right you won't ever see him again
What difference does it make who they're playing?
They're playing some of it
They're playing some ball game
Okay then we don't care about
Hurricanes
By the way Tommy has joined us in the room now
Now Tommy don't need to be there
I hear though
Are you pardon?
I'm here
Why is that?
Because Josh asked me to be
Josh?
Court has asked you to be there?
No no no
Clarence get the names right now
Sorry sorry sorry
When did he do that?
Five minutes ago he came to town
Yeah when I said on the air that we don't have a third person there
Listen if you got other stuff to do we appreciate
We always enjoy having you around
Thank you
You're good for a few laughs not too many
But you know he got stuff to do
Don't feel like you got to be in there
We can get fired with two
That's what Clarence is trying to prove anyway
But now he's trying to act like responsive
Because I just made the joke on the air about do we have this?
Do we have it?
We don't even know who the Hula Hurricanes are playing tonight
Do you know?
This is Sippy
What?
Old Miss
Who told you that?
I know I watched a little bit of the game yesterday
What time was that on?
Third game in the series
What time was that on?
Last night
Last night
I thought the heat game was on last night
Getting pounded by the Mavericks
It was
That was fine
I forgot what time
Okay we believe you
1043
So it's up to you time
If you want to be in there probably got some food coming or whatever
And mom cooks special et cetera and so on
We don't care
Just tell Clarence to bug off
Kick him in the ass
I'm not going anywhere near you
Or the face same difference
And you know sometimes it's the things you can't see
They really are bad for you
And South Florida for 28 years dry concepts is the best
When it comes to dry cleaning your carpets
And making them look just like brand new
I've used them for over 21 long years in my homes
I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else
And don't forget when you dry clean your carpets
With dry concepts you really can clean today
And entertain tonight not just an advertising slogan
Your carpets stay clean or longer
There's no sticky residue left behind
And that means they last longer too
And with over 50,000 satisfied customers
You know they got a lot of company
Folks in South Florida who know where who to call
And don't forget the dry concepts are also the experts in water damage restoration
Which is good to keep in mind during
Hurricane season we've already got what's the name of that storm
Arturo what is it?
Willa
No no not Wilma
Like I said go back in that room there you idiot
Jesus what a moron
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes not days
And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 arturo
Arturo when you get with it
Wilma my ass
And dry concepts can get your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours guaranteed
To tap it all off dry concepts as they stay to the art or you're a rug cleaning plant
The only one in South Florida on site that's dedicated to keeping your responsive area
Rugs looking brand new
So do yourself a big favor and call dry concepts today tool free
You won't be sorry I guarantee you that
I'll back to Tommy's life on it call 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
Run the Wicked Web log on to their website dryconcepts.com
This is Neil Rudd
This is 5.62 AF
There's a guy he sucks okay
Oh my oh my
Oh
Oh
1049-560 WQM The Curtis Stevenson Shack Show
Beautiful This afternoon
Which 5.62 AF
The baseball game is at 6.0 feet
Well you're gonna have to get all you know technical about it who cares
Jim Maddett's 4-7
It erupted at 6.50 by some stupid as you and Ole Miss baseball game
Which was a Ganty
You're gonna be listening to that you're gonna be Wizard on TV
Yeah, what is on TV?
Well who else is gonna be listening to that?
5.6705-60
Come on let's find out
Let's get calls today only from people that don't care about the heat
According to that poll you get a lot of calls that?
That's correct
Now they'll lie because it's this station
You know because we're like intensive and that's all they talk about
I mean on and on
I got Shack coming out of my ears
And other places
In fact I woke up this morning and it was next to me in bed
What's that?
Not Shack, the icy sleeve
The icy hot sleeve was there on my pillow
At least it looked like an icy hot sleeve
Wasn't Rob Marciano I'll tell you that
Boy you queens out there, many of you guys are just so sad
I'm sure that straight guys do the same thing all over the internet
You know, wouldn't you think?
I would think yeah
Probably uglling about them hot chicks like are we to cause me?
Now where do you find it?
Was this like CNN?
I just googled Rob Marciano
I was curious just to see a couple of things about him
Like he graduated from Cornell and meteorology and so on
And I would have been interested to see how old he was and more and a little background
And all of a sudden I've no
Well I mean there were some switchful thinkers out there who I said that
Like that crap about seeing him at a gay bar in Naples Florida
It's just hallucinating
You know, after you have enough beers at any bar
Like you should know it
Like hey can assume that you're meeting anybody there, you know
It might be a man colder for all you know
But at any rate then there's all these other things about how he was once married
And now he's got some hot chick girl friend at CNN
All these people are just absolutely desperate
You know just to grab onto anybody
Now they're never gonna meet him
They're never gonna do him a certain they're never gonna see him naked
Or any other people that folks Google about on the internet
But it's just all a fantasy life
You ever heard about fantasy baseball?
Well the internet basically for millions and millions of people around the world
Is fantasy life
It's a vicarious existence for people who don't have one
Keeps him off the streets
I guess
Well keeps him off the day line show on
Well I actually get some money at show
So it starts
WQYM Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Barkey must feel the heat
We know
Okay
WQYM Hello
Starting off like pretending to be human today
WQYM Hello
What?
Yes sir
Hi, um
Yeah
Hi, this is my radio
Sounds like your voice yeah
You did that to your twin
What do you got for us man?
What do you got?
I just want to make a comment on the heat
Yeah
Um, yeah I just want to say that David's turn to playoff format
Yeah we're not in turn
Listen we're not interested in talking about the playoff format
Look what you do
David Stern or Howard Stern or the newspaper Stern
We don't care about that
He told these terms to call about the heat so look out
Yeah that's all I had to do is mention the heat right away
David Stern's playoff is he now already even making excuses
Because they're getting their ass kicked and they're down two games
And then they're gonna want to probably lose in poor straight
We're not looking for excuse makers
Wait till two o'clock you're gonna have hours and hours of that
Okay, this isn't a sports show and it's certainly not a heat show
Okay, you jackass you moron
My name is you
Unfortunately yes
God, there's a typical South Florida phony man
Phony is a $86 bill
$86 his ass
WQYM heat line
Paul Casu no, who's rooting for you
WQYM hello
Hello
Yes sir
Job, bye
Oh by the way
Oh, a jamba clone that's the first of those
You better practice on that that's pretty weak
And let me just say this you know if we hit like Bob and Tom on in the morning
Yeah, Paul and Ron are back to like two shares again
The only reason they're getting big numbers in there is because
Stirring's on you know satellite now
See when they have no competition they do incredibly well
Oh look at there's that hurricane warning issued for the Florida coast just in
But inglewood that is still the tropical
Sports and so are they're like the big ones now moved up especially in the upper
Apparex, they're my fairer house. I think that God's really pissed off
But you have to have her as God it means that you're right
I assume that the hurricane center as they put their
Oh no, of course if they got a hurricane warning on there
You know who's gonna be standing naked on the beach up there probably in gain at
Not gainsville off like Panama City
Who's that?
Marciano or Rocky Marciano
WQYM hello
Yeah
Yes sir, heat line
Hey, I told you
All right, I'm doing hey you what's the surprise of men?
No, I don't watch this in front of us man WQYM hello
Hi, it's after movies handler WQYM hello
I can't see my master WQYM hello
Neil
Yes sir
I come nobody's talking about you at baseball
They have a chance to go to the world
But if nobody cares about it that's why I did the games for six years nobody cares about it
Except for much of losers and the gables who have no life
Well, what is this a sports of all of a sudden I think Clarence set up these calls
Tommy's still in there?
Yeah, why?
You don't have to be there just because he told you to go in there and see he's trying to make up a way to the last time
When he was the first time
Everybody wants to hang out in here
Get out of here, everybody wants to hang out and to do what?
The photo what?
Huh?
It's the photo room you get to laugh in here, have a good time
Yeah
You get to laugh all right when you're talking about Hurricane Wilma
Jesus God, go to show you kids out there all your kids that are off for a summer and off
You went up like Tommy just a few months behind
It is a hurricane though now that I haven't named it yet
I guess it'll still be our tour right?
Is that how it works if it's tropical storm our tour becomes hurricane hour?
It is an alberto
Alberto what about Alberto V05 it's the attorney general they named it after he blows
I don't know and I don't care I'm that's another good reason not to be there
We don't have any hurricanes in Toronto we don't even have tropical storms how do you like that?
In fact it's mostly sunny it's gonna be like 70 something today
72 or 3 beautiful perfect so many reasons not to be there and clearance is many of them
WQ I am hello
It's alberto it's not a sport
It's dating it's a dating show isn't that the question the full topic today?
Yeah okay and my question is you're talking about dating who are you dating you never you never touch on that
Who am I dating?
Yes I was
Are you writing a book?
No buddy
Are you another guy with no life who am I dating date this my date this who am I dating?
How pathetic
Maybe he's tragic
He's one of those bloggers
Yeah that's right he I'm put some rumors on the internet so okay I'm dating Rob Marciano
Maybe he's looking
Yeah
Oh geez I'm updating clearance okay he's a real handsome young man
Coined an armored Kent
This is what I get out of that meeting they had on Friday that's that's what I get
Oh and by the way Joe I'm gonna be sending you a letter
I know you're gonna ignore it but I'm gonna send you a letter I'm putting you on notice
Oh my God what a surrounded by quizzlings man
Drowning in a sea of quiddah who are you dating you anybody I can how's that?
Schmuck
Let's see 887 votes not too shabby if you ask me the woman I despise the most
An encoder still got one more than half of them 467 52.6% hate that slut
Who's she dating I wonder huh how about this fudge?
Condoleezer 120 Hillary 81 Oprah 56
I hate this pull 45 my x-wife 45 Nancy Grace 30 how many Nancy got
I'm third man we did cross be 12 we still got cross be on it's okay leave it Eric
They don't know fill a shoe fly 12 my mother-in-law 12 and Joyce's making the
Little move Joyce has Oh Joe
This is Neil Roger
He hates you Joyce
This is 5.62.8
This is the Neil Roger show
This is a brain
Any questions?
Some stations give you cars some stations give you cash
But this station is going to give you the best gift of all because this station is going to give you peace of mind
There's bad luck
Just be the third color when you hear the sound
And we'll give you a lobotomy
That's right we'll remove a part of your brain responsible for coherent thought
No more fear
No more problems
Just day after day of peaceful living in a semi-degetated state you'll be surrounded by people who will quote you
Feed you and record your every battle movements
And your days playing with bits of paper and brightly colored blood
What before our peace of mind?
Oh because you had a lobotomy
This station is not liable for botch lobotomies that leave winners nearly stupid instead of peaceful
But we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenience store on the night shift in the back
Loose your mind
People is thinking to win
And it's jackass Ted Myers they jumped a little bit on there on CNN so Hurricane warning has been issued
But right away, oh and Hurricane Alberto it's 70 miles an hour
They still got 5 miles an hour to go until a white wife's to tell a hazy off the mat
An addition which is a gun-a-thing to with South Florida?
No, not really
Not this one
But this is just the beginning keep in mind it's only the twelfth of June
Yeah don't remind me
And it looks like this is already going to be the very first hurricane in the season perhaps
Any minute, 90 second just keep that in mind
Anyway, here's the fact that says if the pull of the most despised woman is open for suggestions
Yes, it is Barbara Borscht they said
So she hatched the string of evil babies who grew up under her tutelage to become evil adults
Bastards all of them under her tutelage
You know who used to be nervous about people's tutelage?
Do it, do it, do it, do it
Yeah that one I don't like the looks of that tutelage remember that one bit?
It's one of my favorites
I'm sure you do Mr. Howard
I mean Mr. Moe
Barbara Borscht let's get her ass on air and then here's one fraud
Oh geez, John and Columbia, John
Yeah I know you spend too much time itself here alive
He's got the view crew
Yeah and the question is the woman I despise most
Not which group of women or what panel of women or get lost John
Jesus God
Hurricane warning issued for the Afloat of Coast
In the east coast of the northwest coast
Lockney River and then from long boat down to Inglewood this part right here
It's being up there
Oh my God
That's actually where the hurricane warning
We want Rob Marciano get this ugly Chad Myers off my screen
Now see he's doing the stuff on the inside
It's at Rob out there naked on the beach
He's probably on his way to Panama City right now
Oh speaking of gay
That Frank Rich
No relation to the late Pat Rich in the New York Times says
How his Spanish became the new gays
I don't want to read too many stories heard
Tommy a run out
Rover in a play in the a play in their recurrence and the voice
Robert
Anyway he writes he never promised them the Rose Garden
But that's where America's self appointed defender is a family of values
Had expected president was to take his latest stand again same sex marriage last week in the end without explanation
The event was shut it off to a non-descript auditorium in the executive office building
When the president spoke for a scant ten minutes at the non-prime time hour of 145 p.m.
The subtext was clear he was embarrassed to be there
A constitutional amendment protecting marriage was a loser and he feared being branded a bigot
As this debate goes forward every American deserves to be treated with tolerance and respect and dignity Mr. Bush said
In other words even if they're gay
The debate died on the floor of the senate list and 48 hours later when the member was went down and even worse to feed than expected
Washington instantly counter-fied the moral
A desperate president rocked bottom in the polls went through the motions of a cynical and transparent charade to round to his base in an election year
Nothing was gained even the president of the family policy network branded Mr. Bush is pandering a ruse and no harm was done
Except the gay people
That's why the president went out of his way to talk about tolerance at his rally
Bizarrely held on the widely marked 25th anniversary of the first mention of an AIDS diagnosis in the federal raid port
Mr. Bush knew very well that his participation in this tired political stunt
While certain have no effect on the Constitution could harm innocent Americans
When young people here repeatedly that gay couples aspiring to moral commitment are undermining the moral fabric of the country
That stuff doesn't wash off said Matt Foreman of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Most concretely the Washington Rock is trickles down into sweeping assaults on gay partners' employee benefits
And parental rights at the state level as exemplified by a broadly written referendum on the Virginia Balances floor
A fall outlawing any kind of civil union
Had Mr. Bush really believed that his words had no consequences
He would have spoken in broad daylight at the White House without any defensive defensive touchy-feely bromides about tolerance
Mr. Bush prides himself on being tolerant and has hundreds of photos himself posing with black school kids just to prove it
But his latest marriage maneuver is yet another example of how his presidency has been an ableer of bigots
And not just those of the pro-family breed
The stars are in alignment for a new national orgy of ranker because Americans are angry
The government is filled with alleviate gas prices, the economic anxieties of globalization or turmoil in Iraq
Two-thirds of Americans believe their country is on the wrong track
The historical response to that flight is a which hamper scapegoats and whom we can project our rage and impotence
Gay people, though traditionally handy for that rule, aren't they sure if our scapegoats stay once word?
Support for a constitutional marriage amendment ABC News found fell to 42% just before the Senate vote
Hence the rise of a juicier target, his Spanics, they are the new gays, the foremost political pinata the election year of 2006
As has not been the case with gay civil rights, Mr. Bush has taken a humane view of immigration reform throughout his political career
Some of this is self-interest, he wants to cater his business backers hunger for cheap labor and Karl Roves hunger for his Spanic voters
But Mr. Bush has always celebrated and promoted immigrants and never demonized them, at least in Texas
In the White House, he saw a line immigration after 9-11 and backed away from a guest worker proposal when his party balked in 2004
After bragging about his political capital upon re-election, he squatted it on Iraq and a quick sodic campaign to privatize social security
Now Congress is acted without him, turning immigration reform into a deadlock culture war, not unlike the marriage amendment
A draconian federal law is unlikely, but the damage has been done, the ugly debate has in itself generated a backlash against a vulnerable minority
So while you're Julio's out there, you're the new gay community
The gay community, the Hispanic community, the Black community, the not-head community, that's what we got on QAM, they're not head community
The sports nerd community, what do you think?
Okay, that's our crowd, the sports nerd community
We got 925 votes, Mr. We're going to be damn near that thousand by noon, by noon!
Look at that, on a moon day, I got a bulletin' here from Tommy, from Clarinsons, and we get a thousand votes by noon, we can bail out
They'll put that damn soccer game on, what do you say? US and the Czech Republic fell
It goes on for hours, that same room, I don't know what they're chanting, I don't know what it's all about
I think they're all stones, what are they?
And then the riots break out?
And then after depending on who wins and who loses, the riot breaks out afterward, right?
Just like an Edmonton there, just, you know, those Euler fans, man, I thought they were like civilized out there in Alberta
All them redneck cowboys up there in Alberta, Canada
But every time they were all this one again, which isn't too often these last late-late, but they won't give it any
And we're more of a violence and vandalism in the streets of Edmonton, man, I guess they gotta have something to do
5, 6, 7, what are we gonna do about, that's our question today, what are we gonna do about the heat
And how about those UM Hurricanes, man, and that college world serious?
How, I don't understand, I thought the college world's serious be over by now, it's already the trust that's you in
My memory may be a little bit off, but it seems to me back in those days when I was doing those games 100 years ago, by now they already be playing the college world serious
Wow, that was 100 years ago, that was a long time ago, man, as I celebrate my 80th year in the radio biz
Wait till Tom Jicker writes that big column of on the O'Rodgers 100 years in radio
Oh Tommy, it's gonna be a big one, and the article too, WQYM Hello
The airway club is so exciting
WQYM Hello
Now they join us in acceptance, WQYM Hello
Now I don't care about World Cup, the heat, even though you're dating, I just go through the day with my magical underpants on
That's good, okay good, that will save you, it's probably one of our moron, I mean moreman listeners, he's got his magical underwear on
5670560, keep the get these phones blazing, man, once that's seven minutes of the day, our case is up and they realize we're taking these good calls
You'll see, I want to take a lot of calls this week, no George on vacation this week, so feel free to call Riffman and Ask
5670560 and pound 562, they've arrived in Singular, Wytus Line
WQYM Hello
5 George, I mean Neil, whatever
Home for Neil, bring your pardon?
I'm on a model, I'm holding for Neil Rogers
Yeah, this is a schmuckhead again
Who?
Yeah, idiot
5670560, like we wouldn't know that voice, I mean it miles away
Oh my god
Maybe Tommy, how about you Tommy, do you know anybody in the business?
Sure do
Well maybe we can take care of his ass
Done
Reverend Jones, next time I start in my mole-ped, I'd be real careful if I was you, okay Reverend Schmuck
WQYM Hello
Hey Neil, yes sir
How you doing today?
All right
Oh hey listen, you know that most of around he's doing, I don't know if anybody's told you what Dennis is doing
to another rock station in the afternoon
Another rock station?
There's several
Well I know there are but I could swear I've heard Mo doing a commercial for a steakhouse
Yes he looks, well great
Oh you guys know about that, Tommy knows about it, Tommy knows about all I'm commercial of things you know
Yeah
I guess you're still a town or anything you don't know
I mean you don't know and I could care less, I mean if that's the kind of thing that I had to worry about
I would blow my brains out right now on the earth if I had if I had that much time in my life to be worrying about
All right, you have a good day
So there's my suggestion for you to say, okay, fully loaded, worse like a charm every time
Russia would let without the blank chambers, without Maryland chambers
Is that great or what?
WQYM Hello
Neil, yes sir
I was wondering what happened in the crossover
I beg your pardon, is this another contrag call?
No, no it isn't
This morning when I tuned in you weren't talking to me
I'm not doing it anymore
You stopped it
Yes
That's a good idea
When you want to know why I'll tell you, I'll give you an honest answer if this is like a legitimate call which I don't
It is legitimate
Because first of all the crossover was all on my time
I can understand if the crossover would start, you know, eight or nine minutes till ten and we carried over a few minutes into my show
But the crossover always wound up being only on my time, that's number one
Plus number two, Hank is basically a part-time employee
He's got the first to fry and he doesn't basically whenever he doesn't have a plane to capture isn't doing the real man or the preekness
And it's just more inconsistent program, I don't like that
Well I thought you said again, and it's all the best
If I can finish, I want to go back to our days when this show is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. period
Right
Well I was just going to say instead of going away 100% of the time maybe when you guys really have something you want to say to each other in front of the audience
You know, it might be nice, but in every day that was kind of contriple
Yeah, and it's we're done
Okay
Okay Neil, that's it, thanks guy
Okay, no problem, okay
Wow, what I really meant to say to that guy was, I'll find it
Okay
That's it, wow
Like all of a sudden this is a big deal
We're just not doing it no more
You know every time you turn around, well we're not going to be doing it today
Hank's got to do something for ESPN
And that's fine, I realize this is just like a smaller segment of Hank's deal
He's a big guy, I saw him on the Belmont, I mean a big guy in the industry
And he's got other stuff to do, so fine
But it obviously wasn't helping him and it's right doing nothing for us
So what's the point of doing it? It's bad programming
Especially when it's inconsistent just like our two to four
Just like this current regime with our idea
Well we got a plan and maybe one of these days we might implement it when we can, uh, uh, uh, uh, wow
I sure would like to like, I told you this before, would like to have been a fly on a wall for during that meeting
When Armour Kent was uglying and making uglie eyes with the clearance
And probably Clares has made an uglie eyes back
That's uglie, uglie eyes
1113 at 560 WQM, the summer season is here baby
In fact we got our first hurricane maybe
Thank goodness not in South Florida, I mean, you know, those, those go him up there and they are panhandled to hell with him
But at any rate, it means it must be close to Father's Day
And guess what it is, it's coming up this Sunday June 18th
We all know what dads like to do under a big day and when they're through the WNAT they like to eat too
It's time to call the melting pot, make your reservations for Father's Day
And give that a really fantastic treat
The melting pot is a fantastic fondue restaurant, addition to their famous cheese and chocolates
They serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours
Hardy entrees from center cut to layman yarn to black and shrimp, teriyaki, servo and pork, lobster and more
In fact the pot was just there on Friday and you guys had a regular feast
Yes we did
Take it from me, nobody waddles out of that place hungry
The melting pot will really fill up dad big time
They have an award-winning wine list to top it all off
And don't forget the melting pot's famous desserts they are beyond the sex, that's how good they are
Care to eat to put a big smile on dad's post
So make that call to the invite dad to dip into something really different at the melting pot restaurant near you
A full four-course fondue gift for dad from you
And don't forget to tell him that Neil sent you when you make those reservations at the melting pot in Kindle, Cooper City
North Miami Beach, Boko, Fort Lauderdale and prestigious Coral Sprint
This is Neal Roger, what solid this is 5.62 A.M
Roger's guys
The
The
The
The
The
Yeah
Im
suggestions
That
So after, can't you see I could have paid some underpeed for me
Well I should have been born to make it I smoking out for three
Hey there, rep, hold my roach Think they called my number, how come no one's chasing
Which way am I facing?
Focusing on top of the line
Focusing on top of the line
You failed
20 after 11 and 5 60 what is the his client a lot of the noon before he
no attempt at soccer match I'm not going to be able to be doing a show
while the soccer is on US plane USA right that make all them groaning noises
in the background like I know you know something if you're watching soccer I
can understand people making groaning noises because there's nothing going on
they've got kicks to ball and the goalie picks it up and he heaves it about 50
yards down the field and then they patched around at midfield back and forth
and back and forth they just say I don't know he holds it he holds it oh
yeah and if we in the meantime the clock is running keep in mind like in that
the Netherlands game against the country that has been invented here yesterday
and they like a minute and a half to go and so let it go I guess all of the
ball he sets it down where he's going to kick it from and he kind takes his
time and the clock is going on a ticking ticking day like yeah it's just
idiotic the whole thing is stupid you know and you're what most it nothing
worse than being stupid and what he said something like that kind of like our
management you know we are we're not like losing audience we're like
hemorrhaging audience on this station hemorrhaging ratings hemorrhaging
everything and their response is like but it be fat it will fat it and of
course thank God the currents went God Tommy in there for us today that's
clearance you're doing it baby you are doing it baby is Nick Vytel would say
and that what he would say yes I think big Vytel would waste his time with
clearance although he is a very handsome young man I bet you we got well over nine
hundred votes right now I'm thinking on a poll nine nine sixty six we are going to
make the thousand by noon then you'll see the kind of letter they're going to get
it's not going to be from Norma Katie there it's going to be for me it's not
going to be a letter it's going to be a telegram even the box tops never
sent a letter like this I bet you don't even know what that is do you judge the box
tops and the letter no I don't I bet you Tommy remembers that song well this
I remember it you know that song the letter by the box tops
no sorry oh like I said that Tommy useless as boobs a hog how do you know they
useless well maybe you can find some useful the supreme court ruled unanimously
today the nation's death row in maize can file last minute challenges to lethal
injection after they've exhausted their regular appeals the court's ruling in
the case of Florida death row in make clearance he'll leave unanswered however
broader questions about the chemicals used in lethal injections around the
country and would they whether they cause excruciating pain oh gosh I know how to
solve all of this you know how to do it how's that I'm not joking about this either
remember Gary Gilmore and Utah probably not no I don't how about Doug Gilmore in Toronto
do you know anything about anybody no and not only that but Josh goes ahead and he puts
star jones and Barbara Walters on the pool yeah I didn't know right after I
get with people that I've come and asked that jackass in South Carolina you go ahead oh I see okay
they don't have any votes come down you know what I was I just saying it was much more important than
that you were saying how smart I am and how much I know no just before that all but death row
I was gonna solve the problem of executions okay I'm not joking where you get a firing squad man
instant painless not cruel unusual what no painless it is but lie about well they can sedate
you I mean you know they can do whatever they want about that but those it's instant how much pain
what would you rather go by like a bullet through the head or would you rather have that the needle
the lethal injection um certainly not the electric chair yeah old sparky I don't need any of that
you know like in the guys hair is fine I only have to shave your head anyway free haircut
firing squad man that's the way to go instant I mean you got a whole bunch of guys with you
it's not like one guy maybe has bad aim not but it's there only one guy with a bullet the
rest of them have links I think that's how it works so that nobody really knows who who did they
are killing yeah so they have to have like a guilty conscience why would you have a guilty conscience
because obviously who maybe you find out the guy didn't really do it you know and then like
a couple years later oh my god the real murderer came forward and this guy we executed in I'm
was I'm gonna pull the trigger well at least it was practice for the next one anyway I mean if
you're gonna have a death penalty at all of course there are a lot of people around the world that
think it's inhumane etc how about beheadings like our good friends the Saudis do you know I still
say all that crap about the Alzair Kaui you know he beheaded Nicholas Berg he was barbarian well yeah
so so how all these other countries like Saudi Arabia I say oh they're on that medium just
our good friends like the Saudis the ragheads that are raping us for the gas 972 votes man there's
something really exciting going on today why don't we get like 400 calls about that crossover 10
o'clock I'm just not doing it anymore that's all yeah what happened with that you want your answer
here you go god like like we owe them an explanation that's the way it is okay it's done it ain't
happened in no more and ain't doing anybody any good I just killed an awful lot of time on a show
we already had a lot of time killed on a show of back and the dish to which Hank belongs on
in the afternoon anyways long as we're likely to write out there for you he should be back on
any afternoon that's where he belongs which goes back to the poll we had on Friday they broke the
radio station to a million different pieces Greg did that and now we got these four slumpers come
along and they're trying to paste the pieces back together again with no success let me say again
we're a hammering audience on the station hammering you know what that means hurting no not
thick pertin 26 past 11 at five six did about how's Mark Rob Marciano doing he's he got his clothes
off yet for the beach oh well I bet you all the fags are all excited now man all weekend long
we're gonna be seeing Rob Marciano and says coming out of your ears he's one of those guys see
him in person you ever see people on television that sometimes they look really good and sometimes
from a different angle they look like and maybe not so good and then it's kind of like when you see
somebody in a shopping mall like maybe a hundred yards away and you think wow you know and then
you say as you get closer and closer oh my god what was I thinking about and then you start just
puking your guts out yeah good from far but far right you see that well that's what I'm thinking
about Marciano because you see him on her and there are times he looks really great and there are
the times it looks like I don't know Rob I better put a few entries on there in that chat room
well if you could read some of this stuff on there you I guarantee you wouldn't laugh you would
cry I'm not joking about baby me I you would you would literally cry listen I'm no stranger to
the internet I've seen some of these cycle oh my god and and I just found that by accident I just
I just all I did was Google Rob Marciano and I clicked a couple of things I got the biography
there from CNN which didn't tell me anything yeah you don't have to look for it you'll find it that's
what you think 27 past 11 at 5 60 WQM with lightning quick speeds the latest features and security
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust speaking of the internet called today and get
you the best offer the year at Comcast high speed internet today for just 24 95 a month for
your first six months plus Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8 meg premium speed tier free
with an always on connection speed about to 8 megabits per second Comcast high speed internet is
up to five times faster than DSL 1 5 and up to 100 times faster than dial up whether you're
downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or just surfing your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet plus when you
sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to free features like video mail
Comcast radio a rap city radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few
not only that but to give free macap security tools included so you can rest assured that your
internet experience is always safe and secure and annual savings of over a hundred bucks for the
security alone so what you'd be waiting for start doing more faster than ever before
sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24 95 a month for six months in day call
305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast call today for the tail certain restrictions apply
to
for the 2026 all season don't miss my name is sherry 20 years ago my dad Tom Cruise
freaks out a lot of people i've got a list and traveling around the country to make up for it
yes oh hey over uh hey remember when my dad ruined your couch by jumping on it
well i'm here to re-opposite girl friend who's your dad Tom Cruise who anyway i better get to work
i've got a 230 appointment to beg forgiveness from brooksheel
having a crazy Hollywood dad means to re-sense sorry a lot on my name is syrie
attention DVD roller customer i like to apologize for the fine movie
mission possible six mission possible seven mission possible
the e in her scienceology e-meter stands for embarrassment each week on my name is syrie
it's 1133 27 on the qa and there's uh that hyperventilating Chad Myers will keep you up the
date if those warnings do uh get issued by the hurricane sent or by the national witness
offices look like they're gonna blow tamper right off the face of the globe isn't it cool wow
what happened to josh right here oh i thought maybe you left i wouldn't wouldn't surprise me we got
sound when he'll start this morning yeah well we got 20 more minutes till that soccer game let me
just tell you this okay and i don't want to have a long song and a dance about this but since since
these people obviously have no life and have nothing to say well what's the start with at cross
over you know this is the first time we didn't do it by design at least on my part and right away
there's a call the first one was phony but but the last guy may have actually been legit i doubt it
that's right they need that cross over no but the fact of the matter is it was never a handside
idea nor was it my idea you know whose idea was uh that'll handsome young man always that right yeah
i don't know the brainstorm oh yeah clearance that was his idea oh yeah we really want you to do this
and uh it's really gonna help it's not gonna help anybody because it's all on my time anyway you
moron you idiot clearance you simple didn't you handsome young simple didn't got one idiot so it's
really was just another uh you know another uh brain fart by somebody all look at poor Susan
candy out of you i think she's getting all wet good to see she's got a lot of gear on here okay
wait till Rob Marciano's out there and gets that shirt all soaking it's all wet oh my god those
queens are gonna be going crazy oh online where you can place a bet on just about anything next
to fran here's my this one eighty three maybe it should come as no surprise to learn you can now bet
on the potential of killer storms all right let's so let's put a couple of thai on that what you say
idiot it's pathetic it's for it's for degenerate i i told you i once had an uncle who had true story
mugsie saw him and he was a bookie and he had such a gambling disease that if they were like two
i used to say if there were two trees two um leaves falling from a tree he would bet you which
woman hit the ground first now do we you know hank himself uh you know gambles on everything will
he be gambling moves on the one thing that don't move yeah well you ask him i don't know ask him
when you do your crossover with him okay when you do your cross dress with a humber okay i don't
know i would assume so because people who are like degenerate gambles they'll they'll double the
gamble on anything any chaos giving you over and unders that's right the over is the under is the
ins and outs all the way to tell you one thing it's a little more interesting than here about
24 hours a day my god but i look at his z's it's like an illness on his station and i'm sure the
other one across the street no different i'm sure they're doing the same crap i'm sure sure
is your burden there 992 votes we're gonna be well there's that wheel of fortune machine mine
itself for those individuals is limited primarily to sloths gambler said why not i have to get
the six on it is like any good gambler but there's the physics or favor why that oh my god what a
what a oh of course if you look like that what's he got to lose 992 votes are you looking at that
or not don't don't do it you'll lose your appetite i just turned it on turn it off look there you are
on the slot machine are you on CNN you weren't on CNN i'm on it or you can see the uh i saw the
slot machines i just got through saying wheel of fortune there and you're you're just you're on
another planet today man you're another world you're i'm on the earth and you're on your
ranas that's all i can say the woman i despise the most is we got nine nine i bet you have
i refresh it a couple more times like a thousand already and then we can all leave 996 hmm and
colder 526 52.8% they hate her like poison wish you wish you would die a grotesque horrendous death
kind of leza 128 that bitch swillery 97 the ice princess frigid dyke
Oprah 64 my swi 50 i hate this pull 45 Nancy Grace 32 friend my mother-in-law 14
we'd a cosby 13 joys 12 she's right on with his ass
told you fill a shoe fly 10 12 star Jones 2 Barbara Bush 1 and Barbara Wal-Watt don't have any
I'm so glad you put her on there no i think it's a good point she belongs on her
yes she does one thing you can't complain about her talent though she don't have any think we
got that thousand yet and he's looking at the timing of this to 997 the timing is great because
we're going to get to thousand before a thousand right now one more how do you like that we got
a thousand votes it's not even an accorded noon yet there's no there's your fat ass governor
the fact that we've had a lot of these storms so people are better and we'll find out
we'll find out in places I rather sniff and cultures armpit then look at jet bush how do you
like that that's how nauseating he may is to me that's our leader oh my god tropical storm
now the storm's up there communities and had significant flooding but he's probably got
devious pants that I've worked at hurricane if it becomes a hurricane he's going to they've
converted to some of the mexico 70 miles an hour i'm not sure how much that changes isn't
is there isn't colomba masheak mexican or columbian columbia think she's mexican ain't she
um yeah because it's kid at george p that's he's a beener the county's to make sure that they have
the resources that they need and we'll be prepared to provide assistance after this yeah that good
functional family that your fat ass governor's got your family values governor that's got all these
all these knows problems and the drinking problem yeah like i said columbia columbia that what she's
well i said that to the cocaine why some of you google columbia boy
she's mexican man and a good family
i know it yeah i know there was something there i didn't want to play
haha what what are you laughing about i dumped it's a verb man so verb you can't use it as a verb you
can't say anything now eighteen trillion dollar fine Josh Josh uh cord is let it on the air i dumped it
okay no it's not okay i'm just advising you man i'm just advising you just keep in mind when it
out dump it out i'll be able to do one of these new repressive uh regulations we got now five six seven
oh five sixty are topic today who is uh the weatherman dating that's our topic wqa m hello
meal yes sir hey i got a quick question it's clear it's the same clearance that works on
uh bandages show yeah he works on mandates he's showing anything at a Curtis oh that's Curtis okay
yeah great show of meal okay see they don't even know Curtis is a somewhat less handsome young man
wqa m hello oh yeah i like to uh make my vote for my uh mother-in-law concern that she tried to
fit fight me one day really yeah i was very loving and touching so if you could put me down for
my mother-in-law okay since something about fist what do you say fist one fisting
well what what would you do if i just sat here and didn't say anything what did you ever think
about then what would you do keep i don't know yeah i just said just keep laughing well what did you
do Cindy he sent me under the sabotage the show today that's yeah that's his that's his goal it
right right it up right it up thousand six votes on the pole all right man we are kicking some big fat
smelly old Jewish ass i'll think of that probably mine good golly that great well when's the last
time we did this this early in the show um i don't know maybe not quite a while then quite a
while man i think it was back when we said should early on come back and let the abuela's to check
it out i think that was the day we done it got a more emotional where's Rob Marciano dammit we don't
want to see that fat ass governor you're you're learning more and more we know yeah well you can
fool me if you're cigar smokey nice to kick back with a good premium and a stogie then but he is
cigars by Tony Borhani is for you he's hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco
processed and aged up to 10 years but he is a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in
small backs hard to find tobacco but he had gold a flagship language and 91 rating by cigar
fits now the cigar insider and 9.1 rating by smoke magazine this rich flavor well balanced full
body Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors
also be sure to try their be here the sale the hottest release cigar in last 10 months the
the sale gets a high rating of 91 second by cigar fits now the cigar insider a powerful cigar with
complex notes of leather earth and pepper definition is long and full body be careful where you're
sticking with additional spice and a note of charred wood to receive 40% off the cost of
arguably a cigars when you call just mention my name tell me all the Rogers to call and you'll
save up to 40% call 1 835 by here that's 1 8035 BAH I A this is meal Roger this is 5.6
2 8
first gonna get bricky a blow
you wanted more and you got it the mad dog is back singing more duet on the candid scene volume 2
yes
number 8 it's back staring off with the grace singing more pig hits with even more pig styles
the mad dog does them all
Maybe, I can't but take a ride
Out of the door
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
It's an all new British invasion
With the mad dog singing like a man
I don't like it
I can't, I don't like it
The truth is finally out that gin manage was truly the fifth beat
I can't even love it, I can't even love it
Oh, yeah
It was all up to last
It was all up to last
And now your head's to say
You know it, Jimmy say
He's gonna be a man, a man, a man, a man
Here's the mad dog's ender and touching tribute to the king
He's a real bitch
A real man
A real man
He said a man
A real lady way to do
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent
But we asked him if he wanted to do it again
Now I don't think so
So we had Luke and Ratsy being a little visit
And tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract
That's kind of a fifth is cute
Oh, Rats
Oh, Rats
Oh, Rats
Oh, Rats
Oh, Rats is sick
How you do available now if you move quickly
How you do, Rats
Oh, Rats
Oh, Rats
Oh, Rats
Oh, Rats
I wonder what he's really trying to tell us
Oh, right
Trump and it's still new and all that soccer game is only seconds away
Aren't you excited about that?
Not really
Yeah, you are
I'm a fundee
I got it in HD as a matter of fact
Is that how's my soccer channel?
Is that mean you're going to watch it then?
No
Why not?
Why not watch that crap?
Anyway, here's the skinny and Alberto, okay?
Because you guys are going to get a wallet, not with a hurricane, but heavy duty rains, man
Tropical storm, Alberto, abruptly reformed the closer to Florida's Gulf Coast this morning
Unexpectedly intensified in your hurricane strength
And took dead aim at Northern regions of the state
Oh, right
The 2006 hurricane season is just 12 days old
Now here comes the profound statement from your fat ass governor
Good God, who would have funked Governor Jeb Bush said
Not exactly the kind of profound statement you want from your fat ass governor
Good God, who would have funked?
And then he said
During the past two seasons, eight hurricanes struck or brushed Florida
I think this is God's punishment for fat ass Jeb Bush
For every time the people vote on something
He has the easiest plans to subvert the world to the electorate because he's a dictator
And his wife's a smuggler and his daughter's a crack addict
And anyway, meanwhile, sufferings were advised to expect heavy rain and gusty winds as squalls roam through the area
Later today, tornadoes and water spots are possible in South Florida
It wouldn't be something if we got knocked off the year
Let me know when we go off the year I can get out of here
Okay, by the way, his wife was Mexican
I know that
Have you ever seen this kid?
George P?
Yes
You saw this kid P, where like what's Johnny Dolan saw me P?
He was a viewer and a Lexi me at IOD
He was the one P on the satellite at that time we had an interference
Who is that?
George P?
That's right
Shortly after 11 o'clock this morning local forecasters warned that a strong thunderstorm located about eight miles west of 10 daily
Sposed the dangers of torrential downpourous, frequent lighting and 50 mile an hour gusts
Oh my God
Okay
We don't want you to get like all nervous and bent out of shape
I'm sorry, sorry
It is Florida and you better get used to it
Farther north forecasters hurriedly issued a hurricane warning from Longbow Key
Through the big bend area to near Appalachia Cola in the Panhandle
That means hurricane conditions windstrucker than 74 miles an hour and heavy rain are expected within 24 hours
And you fags out there can expect to see Rob Marciano out there in the beaches just just getting drenched soaked
Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion said forecast to Richard Pash of the National Hurricane Center in West State County
11 a.m. forecasters called for the center of Albert, Cynamic Landfall in the big bend area this evening
As a borderline, Category 1 hurricane, winds about 75 miles an hour
With Alberto's tropical storm force winds of at least 39 miles an hour stretching 230 miles from the center
Forecasters warned that a wide swath of Florida would be hit with unassembled weather when we advance to the center's arrival
Wouldn't you think we'd have our meteorological, meteorological experts on QA right now since we're so newsy, huh?
No, because the heat or the final of the body get it right
Are you starting with a crap again?
In South Florida, communities have to work under great gray skies occasional showers and a heavy blanket of humidity
They were advised to expect soaking rains later in the day in South Florida meaning you people, okay?
You people
Forecasters also reinstate the concerns over the possibility of severe thunderstorms nice and sunny here
Forecasters also reinstate concerns over the possibility of severe thunderstorms water spouts and tornadoes especially in central Florida
Along the lower Gulf coast but also possibly in and near Dave and Broward County
Oh my god
A tornado watches issued for grades Henry and Coder counties
Forces of central and north Florida could absorb 8 to 10 inches of rain in a prospect welcome by firefighters who've been battling wildfires in those regions
See that's the way it is man, you can't add up both ways
That's the way the Lord works
You get the wildfires and the firefighters got to go out there and risk their life and limb
And then God makes a
Rainlight kill you know puts the fires up you can probably just like snap his fingers
You know make you go away like that but that's no fun right that's right don't use serious ways
5670560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless report could be a nasty day and of course they're hyperventilating about it on the talking news now
We're still filming at the mouth today
Let's check in with anchor Hala Garani to see what they're working on
Let's see that's another thing they're probably talking about the soccer match
Archelle whipped up USA USA the ranked number five in the world's record public ranked number six
They were going head to head toe to toe nose to nose and the score starts at Neil to Neil
Don't you love when they say one to Neil?
Yeah, what is that well there's like deal God Neil God soccer folks through a crap
Somebody Q.I.M. Hello
Neil yes sir good morning sir. When is this question for you? We're coming up in a couple of weeks
And I know you're familiar with the area with an agra falls we wanted a recommendation between like false you or like more
Accocino Niagara which would you prefer a lot of falls view man falls you it's the you cast me out it's fantastic is the hotel nice
Beautiful brand new it's only a year old and it overlooks the falls itself in every every room in the hotel looks right on the falls
All right, and then the machines how are they though better wood by?
I got news for a sir even the dead machine is better than wood by okay nothing I had a bad day on Saturday
You know you put your money and you take your chances okay listen the atmosphere there is fabulous you'll love it
I'm sitting right now I can't guarantee you're gonna win any and of course it's not just a slots place they got a full casino
They got all the tables or whatever you want they don't take your money
Well we're gonna definitely come in and stick it in and the token to Neil. Thank you. Okay. Have a great time paly
There you go. I'm great great place falls you and they are not a false. I kept trying to tell him to go there
But he's you know he's a hard ass five six seven oh five
Now you know you know what's gonna happen now? Oh there's a big few go and there isn't any few oh he'll get a few calls tomorrow
I you know what I'm sure he will and ask me if I care okay because that's an age for the audience they've been doing that for a hundred thousand years
Oh my god what's wrong out of it?
There is nothing going on it just as there was a bad idea in the first place
It got really old and tired and I did not interested in doing it. I'm interested in doing ten to two
You know I worked at W.I.O.D. the whole I always had a whole Rick Riley's hand you know and every morning
I'd come in about nine o'clock. I was still doing ten to two and they were doing the mornings and he would like give me that look
Oh now Neil's coming into bail us out in this hour because nine to ten was always the dead hour the dead zone
It's one of the tough nine to ten and
I'm trying to think of the other hour of the day. That's even tougher. I can't think of what it is
I don't want to say but it's a tough hour and was always the lowest rated hour
So sure enough they air every day when I would come in oh come on in come on
And I have to sit down so instead of working four hours that I was working like four hours and forty five minutes a day
So I could pay a Rick Riley's dumbass
Christ I'm a hundred years old. I'm doing ten to two you know something
I want to ask you this question name me somebody else on this radio station other than Eddie Kaye who's on whenever to last game
Hands and some nights you'll be works a couple of hours name me somebody else it does four hours every day
There would be no one nobody nobody
Maybe somebody else is making this kind of money nobody
So I risk my case. So would you rather have the time off of the money?
I'll take the money. Okay me too. It's eleven fifty six at five and I'm my point being
Four hours is enough. Okay four hours is enough Jesus Kaye Christ clearance you idiot
He's surprised. All the way is a very handsome young man. It's what I hear
Well when I you know something when I heard that I don't know where to drop the phone on the floor
I just wanted to break out into tears. I'm not the kind of guy. I'm not a
Emotional old queen a cries at the drop of a hat, but you almost got there
But I almost started breaking out of crying like a baby. I mean I'm a God
Although I did share the couple of tears that movie was on again the other day what's else in the movie with
Emil Hirschens Sigourney we've heard I love that movie. Oh, yeah, I'm imaginary heroes. You still haven't seen that I've actually Tommy wouldn't watch that
I don't know about it. You said I'd like it. You said it would be good. I think you would like it
There's a lot of drugs and booze. Oh, you know what I will say someone I knew
Wind up seeing garden state. Oh
Totally agree with that totally agreed with that is the word. He's a garbage man
Don't waste your time. It's got four stars on it on the my cable
That's your reason I got sucked into watching it. There is there's no point to it
It doesn't go anywhere doesn't do anything. It's just I'm telling you. Yeah, I imagine there. What is it in probable heroes?
No, that's not it. Imagine your head is it I can Google it. Sigourney weaver is so great now movie
She I just love her, you know, she walks in the I don't want to spoil the movie for a paper watcher
But she walks in the head shop to buy some pot and she says I want a good stuff
You know the guy looks at it and of course you get busted these that we all yeah
He gets what get busted in the head shop or you want the good stuff
We want a good stuff too
But hey, I've been telling for years to call one 800 mattress whenever you need a bed because maybe one of these days
You'll actually find the good stuff they can deliver with any two hour window to have knowledgeable bed and consultants and more
If you've thought of dining one 800 mattress on the phone was easy check out their website
Macris.com shop on the web anytime they are night with product details prices and photos
You can even check out online or call them to place your order and schedule delivering that to our one of that's convenient for you
It's just an amazing view all the way around it's that it's sluck it all over town in a rain and they are hurry can and all this other stuff
And wasting a lot of gas get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during your so-called big sales plus
Data mattress offers you 12 months financing what could possibly be not to like
The auto mattress has the complete line of all the top names in the mattress industry
Seely sort of King Coral Simmons never paid experience and foster a hewitt when you call one 800 mattress
You get low prices on the best deals on the best brands
The auto mattress rank number one in the world of the customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years
I guarantee I'll bet you Josh's life on it
You will absolutely love the service the prices and the the whole deal all the way around and the goods so call
1-800 mattress 1-800 MATTR ES you could be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight
We bought the last is because it stands for sensational savings
This is meal Roger what solid this is 5-16 Q-A-S
This is Dick Jamie. I like to relax by having very magnet
I massage my balls while listening to the new Roger's 12-1 hour
See you want to get married
Let me give you some advice
If you want to be only for the rest of your life
Always make a Jewish woman your white foot from the black person
Oh, you're doing a good job
Yeah, that shits us the Harry Duke
If you want to be only for the rest of your life
Always make a Jewish woman your white foot from the black person
Oh, you should never marry a Jew
A Jewish wife is not a curse
I can't think of anything else
Or she ever wants to do a shop
Take your credit card and never stop
Show no interest at all in sex
She only cares about your paycheck
You are never gonna get laid
You'll regret the commitment you made
If you want to be only for the rest of your life
Always make a Jewish woman your white foot from the black person
Oh, you're doing a good job
Yeah, that shits us the Harry Duke
If you want to be only for the rest of your life
Always make a Jewish woman your white foot from the black person
Oh, you should never marry a Jew
When your honeymoon is finally through
There are things she's never gonna do
She only cares about her nails and hair
And I'd have a bit about what's down there
You are gonna feel like the schmuck
Cause you're never gonna get used
Find out how it feels to be
And generally, break us in seven minutes
See, if you want to be only for the rest of your life
Always make a Jewish woman your white foot from the black person
Oh, you're doing a good job
Yeah, that shits us the Harry Duke
If you want to be only for the rest of your life
Always make a Jewish woman your white foot from the black person
Oh, you should never marry a Jew
Oh, you should never marry a Jew
Oh, you should never marry a Jew
I'm very important.
I was just trying to imitate that.
You see the on Cola?
What was that?
What am I watching?
Well Portugal scored a very early goal yesterday
and then sat back on that list.
This is the mess that I want to see.
Check it out.
What is it?
Check the public.
Nobody's scoring.
Oh no.
Already?
Somebody won nothing to the check the public in this score.
You are against the US.
It's 1-0.
Oh Jesus.
Yeah, Jesus is the eating plan.
It's a good to know again.
It's a londola.
A 16-year-old.
Listen, when you stop at a soccer talk
because the next thing it'll be,
hello, it is at least it's a relief from Shaq.
My God.
A 16-year-old girl who tricked her parents
into getting her a passport
and flew to the Middle East to be with a man she met
on MySpace.com, speaking of crazy people on the internet,
has returned to Michigan to Detroit.
Not everybody on MySpace is crazy,
but for the US officials in Jordan persuaded Catherine Lester
to tell her, I wonder if she's kind to Jerry Lester,
who's due to the first host of the lead tonight show,
a hundred years ago.
To turn around and go home before she reached the West Bank,
Lester arrived at Bishop International Airport
in Flint, late Friday, and was taken to a private area
to be reunited with her family.
She disappeared last Monday a week ago today
after talking to her parents
and getting her a passport by saying she was going
to Canada with friends.
Oh, you don't want to go to Canada, honey?
God only knows what they'll do to you here.
She apparently planned to visit a man
who's MySpace account, describes himself,
as a 25-year-old from Jericho.
Oh, from Jericho.
MySpace account, while we know what that is.
There have been scattered accounts
of sexual predators targeting minors
they met through this site
and most of them wind up on date line like last night.
Yeah, that must have been the show,
it must have been a repeat from the one a woman called
about early in the wake, or she faxed me,
remember she thought I was going to be talking about that?
Yeah.
And one guy was a teacher at a Catholic school,
and then another one was like some kind of a evangelical
phony below me, or whatever.
All of these people are men of God.
They're just horny men of God.
What's wrong with that?
And there are a bunch of chowbellists.
There's a lot of me.
Shot, taken out to a place in shot.
Lest you're apparently contacted the man
from Jericho about three months ago,
Jericho, a city of 17,000, is a relatively calm area
of the volatile West Bank.
The FBI traced the scene,
he drew a Wednesday flight from New York's
Kennedy Airport to Tel Aviv,
at a schedule stop in Amman, Jordan,
U.S. officials persuaded her to return home.
Thank God she was returned safely,
lest his father said Friday,
I've no one already heard me out.
Thanks God, okay?
Shot, lest you told a second,
I knew that her daughter's never given me a day's trouble.
I just don't understand,
with all these new laws protecting America,
how a 16-year-old kid could go out of the country.
She sent her daughter, never had a boyfriend,
seem to be content with that.
Ah-ha.
Never had a boyfriend, 16, seem to be content with that.
No, no picture here.
Oh yeah, there's a picture.
Now I've seen worse looking chicks than her.
I've seen Joyce.
I haven't seen Joyce.
I've seen Joyce's ass.
Is that right?
Well, I mean, we're faced joy.
If I were by the way,
one of the important things that came out of that big
summer meeting on Friday,
basically what it boils down to
is that the two QM representatives,
they both have got to keep their job.
So they both have to tow the company line
to point to whatever Joyce tells them to do,
what we can say, what we can do,
what we can play, yada.
It all boils down to clearance has to keep his job.
Can I understand that?
Sure.
Although he is a very handsome young man.
I mean, if you look up,
if you look up the definition,
silly, faggot on Wikipedia,
you'll see Norma Kenz picture on there, okay?
Silly, faggot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10,
oh, what's wrong with that?
We're gonna have a Republican queen
wants to be governor of Florida.
What could be wrong with that?
5, 6, 7, look at that.
One nothing for the Czech Republic, mine.
Nebbiya.
Resisting.
Eddie Ford, Ethel, Nebbiya, there's like solid.
Ned Med and Ritsinski, after these time,
like hockey players to me, they go to all fluid.
WDQA M, hello.
MKQ.
WDQA M, hello.
Nebbiya, the Lord don't walk.
Yeah, okay, good.
WDQA M, hello.
Hey, did you work at the BPA in New York?
What did I tell you on Friday?
What do I tell you?
Not to go out.
We're gonna come now.
I said once, I'll give you a once a month, how's that?
Okay, okay.
We're marking out, listen.
Mark it down.
That's great.
June 12th, that means July 12th.
Okay.
I won't be here that day.
I'll make sure I'll write it down my phone.
Yeah, I did work at WBT in, but Tavineer,
it doesn't matter if it's in fact 1963, WBTA.
And what's the big deal about that?
Well, maybe he was gonna make a point.
Maybe he's writing a book.
No, probably not.
It's Brian Mike, don't you understand?
It's fly-mecky.
He's probably, he wants to know all of these things, man.
This is important to him.
Radio trivia, that's his life.
He's probably, you know, on a phone with Jippin' out,
giving him more details about Rick Shaw
and some of the jingle's rick used to play.
He's a radio kind of guy, you know what I mean?
Kind of like, like that, a radio kind of guy.
Tom is going to be.
He's still in there.
Yeah, here.
You're gonna stay there the whole four hours?
Uh, I'm not sure.
Hey, well the food hasn't shrunk.
I think, yeah, yeah.
He's in the food, yeah.
Did you order the food?
Did you order someone?
Yeah, of course.
From where?
Tony, no, he's.
Now we're talking, okay?
We gotta be there.
No, that's just like, one thing about Brad over there at Tony's,
which is up there on a 441 and 200 and second, I believe.
Am I right?
Uh, I mean, I said we give him another plug once in a while.
I know we're on 441, not sure.
And two or second.
No, we're on two or second.
Well, whatever the hell it is, two, something.
Well, when he brings the food in,
be sure and take the menu out there, we're gonna applaud.
Well, one thing about Brad is he never asks for anything.
He doesn't want to come in there and schmooze on the air.
He doesn't want to come in and, you know, you don't want to say?
I know exactly what you're talking about.
The sandwich guy, for example, I used to,
this is a guy, I forgot his name already, Scott.
Oh, remember?
Remember Scott?
See, you said that, not me.
That's okay.
He's not there anymore.
It was always Scott and Ira.
And we liked Ira a lot and Scott was a pin in the ass.
This is a guy that wasn't even buying spots
and he would send over like a commercial for us to do on air.
Remember that?
Could you promote our party planters for the Super Bowl today?
I mean, we appreciate when people bring in food,
but when they got like,
and although I will say this,
at least he brought us a piece of coffee,
which is more like an escape or a sales department.
Was the breath of fresh air?
We take it all back, Scott.
You're okay.
Everything good?
I was good.
What a schmuck.
I wonder who I dislike worse.
Him or that Richie from Borussia.
At least Richie used to bring in some really good stuff.
Although I did like those fat-filled sandwiches
from Atlantic City Sub's, they were very good.
For those days, stop calling all the shows.
Huh?
I said, if only he just stopped calling all the shows.
Me, that was a once in a lifetime thing on Friday, man.
It was celebration of great colors from the past.
That's one thing about this, yo, man.
Every day is a celebration of colors from the past.
Every day, like from the previous day.
12, 13 and 5, 60 WQM.
We got Curtis Stevenson to the saffron.
We have the whole schedule is free of that today.
Oh, we gotta give you ears arrest, please.
If you love voting, just about everybody implored it does.
Although today may not be the greatest day to go out there,
but if you ever thought about buying a vote, don't do it.
Don't do it, please.
Do this smart thing called Club Notico
at 1-800-Volt Rent right now.
Why would you want to pay the expenses of owning a vote
which costs you an arm in four legs?
And then of course, all the grief maintaining it
on top of that when you can rent one totally hassle free.
And affordably, too.
Join the club at Club Notico and get on the water right away.
Call 1-800-Volt Rent.
You'll be amazed just how easy they make it for you.
No docking costs, no expensive upkeep, no insurance,
no hurricane preparation.
Can you believe, who the fuck is that
with your governor's hand?
Who the fuck is?
With a vote from Club Notico,
it's totally stress free and really affordable, too.
Call 1-800-Volt Rent.
They'll get into vote ready because Club Notico does it for you.
No cleaning up either because your Club Notico
just top on your vote and go.
When you don't pull into the dock,
it often leaves, just walk away, it's that easy.
Club Notico, column toll free, 1-800-Volt Rent
from Unlimited Voting to Pay As You Go.
From small votes to your charters, it's Club Notico.
Call 1-800-Volt Rent and let Club Notico tailor
a plan to fix your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today, the hassle free,
the inexpensive way with Club Notico,
column at 1-800-Volt Rent.
This is Neal Roger.
This is 5'16-Q.
Yeah!
Howard David's a bitch.
You know it.
Read the decision.
Now, how about it?
Packed by pizza and show the end to my checkered pay.
Now you can't take the whole round of mow.
Oh, that makes that mind my sore.
The best years of one repayment of my life I can't finish place.
As for all times like we don't go in hell on the views
of the bliss we have heard ten minutes more.
I've had enough for you to die.
Not you just as those like you.
You've passed it slowly, what did you then die of love?
I'm gonna stay home by the way from here.
I'll hand my cheeks back to Ford and Carden, I drove on car.
I go to my orifice and clean out my desk.
That is why I only have an orifice or a desk.
I'll slap up to both grudges with an orifice and watch the office from a band.
That's the truth.
I wonder if Wain and Bumper felt this right in the beginning when he got coming in now for a day.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
Twenty pass note at 5.60 WQM and the 2004 presidential election senator John Kerry almost certainly what
I want to Ohio if all of his votes have been counted.
And if all the eligible voters who tried to vote for him have been allowed to cast their bells,
rights come to stop Herbert in today's New York Times.
Republicans need a surprising number of Democrats to leave the 2004 Ohio election debacle behind.
But Kennedy, that's Robert Kennedy Jr.
and his long heavily foot noted article was the 2004 election stolen,
leaves no doubt that the democratic process was trampled and left for dead in the Buckeye state.
Kerry almost certainly would have won Ohio if all of his votes had been counted.
And if all the eligible voters who tried to vote for him have been allowed to cast their bells, there you go.
What are we going to do about it?
Are you going to think about it?
No.
People are riding in the streets about it?
No.
All the dead people in Iraq, anybody riding about that?
No.
Anybody marching outside QM protesting the dis-madling of the radio station?
No.
See how passive the American people are?
This is what's going on, man.
These are the times in which we live.
And what are they worried about?
Craft like that.
Like that.
Kaka.
I mean, I don't mean him personally necessarily, all we do is have that icy hot sleeve, but nevertheless,
see, this is what happens when you talk about a guy too much.
It goes to his head.
Just like your buddy Barry Barnes.
He went to his head, went to his back, and asked,
we got almost a hundred votes already.
Man, oh man.
We ought to put that soccer game on.
I'll go quite frankly, I'm off of that.
I don't think it's more important to be watching about the Hurricane.
Don't you think so or possible, Hurricane?
That would be a good idea.
Alberto.
Yeah, I'm trying to keep people a little informed, okay?
I realize that it has nothing to do with the heat, so why would we talk about that?
Although the heat is part of the weather, right?
The heat and humidity and hurricanes and tropical storms.
You know what my reaction is?
Who the fuck it?
And he remains wildly popular, your fat ass governor.
Wily popular.
What about your red necks and Yahoo's?
Who would have thought about that?
In a live pumping phone.
I don't know.
Yeah, exactly.
Who the fuck it is right?
His daughter's got a nose for news out here.
Let's hear it in the news department.
I remember eight years ago they told us we were getting like a newswire.
And at that point we should have said, oh yeah, right, Clarence.
That was it.
That was muff, I guess.
Poor muff.
She really got, she got screwed in tattooed.
1094 votes on the pool.
The woman you despise the most.
How does she always do them, by the way?
She hopped over a few.
She's pretty good at climbing the ladder.
She's right, she's right.
She's starting to pick dead aim on Nancy Grace's ass next, friend.
567, I got a whole bunch of good stuff here, but I'd rather take calls, wouldn't you?
Oh, because, well, I mean, they've been so good.
Yeah.
I agree with that.
What's wrong with the calls today?
We had a lot of good calls, we had blind Mike.
No, listen, you know what you're going to get?
What?
The intellectuals.
What did that guy say on Friday?
We get the intellectual callers if we did what?
I think he said if we talked more about, we get the intellectuals calling in.
567, oh yeah, that was the guy who said that they're intimidated to call us.
And remember that guy?
That's right, they're all afraid of you.
That's it.
WDQYM, hello.
Hi, man, this is Bill Kamar, I just want to tell everybody about that.
Yeah.
All I can say to you is, I think that's all Rob Marciano with Bill.
With Miss Kamar.
That is one of the worst comments.
You know, why would you say that?
First of all, Rob Marciano is an adult.
That's true, that's true.
Yeah, and he brings his own condoms to the picnic.
567, oh, 560, pound 560.
Now there was one of those postings on that wild website that I found before it said that
Rob Marciano ain't into a one-chick, because he was the worst lady she ever had.
She said he's awfully hot, but he's the worst, was the worst in the sack she's ever had.
We see again, these are just all ramblings by people who have probably never even laid their eyes upon,
much less late, you know what I'm saying?
Of course.
And of course those guys, man, talk about a...
Okay, feeding frenzy, holy cow.
These queens are hoping for her cane somewhere every day, as long as they can get Rob naked on the beach, you know, on CNN.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
W.Q.A.M.?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
On the meal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, is Rosie on the pole?
Rosie O'Donnell.
Is she on the pole?
If you want her.
Oh, I don't want her.
If I want her here.
If you want to hate her, fat ass.
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, you don't want to take a cruise to the Bahamas with Rosie to the Caribbean?
I'm waiting with David's breath.
Only if he could sink the ship with her on it.
Okay, thanks, pal.
As long as you come with me, bro.
She probably would sink it, you know.
No, you're not my type.
I'm not dating you this week.
Okay, let's get Rosie O'Donnell's fat ass on her.
What are you saying?
Speaking of fat ass, how's our Jones and doing?
Only got four.
Barbara... Barbara's got three.
Barbara Bush's got eleven.
Barbara Walters got two.
And Rosie and Alma went on their awful fast.
That was good work.
How'd you do that?
I don't know.
How do you hit those Godfather jobs?
It's like magic.
112 votes already.
It's not even 1230.
We're already over 12, 1100 votes.
And you want to know why because we started the show with 10.
That's my take, okay?
This isn't a knock-and-hank in any way, unless you want to.
Go right ahead.
But I'm just saying, the show starts at 10.
We went through months of that crap with Stern.
You know, sitting around here, you know, waiting and waiting and waiting.
Like, anticipating and palpitating.
And, you know, like, what, when are they going to finally give it up?
Robin, anything else?
Robin?
Anything else?
Robin, you know?
It's like an endurance contest.
Like, how long could he stay on before he would just pass out and everybody would plot from it already?
Like, that one shmuck, that Herbie in the pomp and a wherever he is that keeps practicing me about,
you know, howard's on zero is 24 or 7?
Well, good.
I hope you and Howard have a great life together, okay?
Hope you have a wonderful life.
And you'll know, remember what I said the other day?
And this is the truth.
This is absolutely the truth.
You don't have to be a genius to figure this out.
I only wish I could have figured it out earlier so I could have bought some stock.
Because I'm telling you right now that the iPod and MP3 players and the Walkman and the cell phones,
you can download music on your pop-up toaster now, man.
You can even download music on your ass just about.
So this whole business of people paying extra for a satellite radio and for, for all of them,
and FM radio, forget about it.
It's done.
It's done.
Fnito, over.
You know, I got like 2700 songs on my iPod already.
Is that right?
And I got my Logitech, they didn't have the one in stock that I was trying to, I got it on the way.
It's going to be here today tomorrow, my docking station.
It's called Dockers for Old Cockers.
Sweet.
And then you got more coming right?
Because it's your order to send them you, uh...
It's your order to send them out.
Honestly, yeah.
All kinds of that, I think the 50s are coming.
Probably that fat domino and pad boon.
Oh, God, I can't wait to hear pad boon.
Oh boy.
And Elvis, your favorite.
Now there's some good stuff in the 50s.
Make no mistake about it.
Everly brothers, huh?
50s or early 60s?
Okay.
Sail along, still very moon.
Sail along, cockamoon with the Billy Vaughan on Dot Records.
Some good stuff.
I mean, seriously, when you can have your own music and listen to it wherever and whenever you want.
Why do you need a radio?
Why do you need to spend money for a satellite?
Okay?
Like, I told you the other day, I got all those flash stations on my cable here, all right?
I got 80s in.
Yeah, catch the light, we go out.
Watch your language now, careful.
You're right.
Uh...
Where's all those other channels, the ones that have the...
Oh, there they are.
Pretty Ricky.
And I'll make it for Billy Vaughan too.
Get a film in for my main night.
Ah.
And it was this Delia song.
Pretty Ricky's always on the other side of the building.
What do you mean by that?
The Power 96 studio.
Very popular over there.
Oh, really?
That's right.
Well, he's into the Delia, I guess.
28 past noon at 5.60 WDQM.
If you think you might have termites in your home,
now is not just hurricane season, it's almost termite season.
There was a piece in a hero there that they about those big jaggedic for most termites
that will chew up your house in about two minutes.
Ah!
Call Riddit Peskin to rule today for a free termite and special.
Riddit uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termites
auto-present on contact.
They're going fast in the east.
You can say, clearance is a handsome young man.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your house and make the whole neighborhood into a barren and paleo-surkis.
No worrying about poisonous gas.
No moving out or staying for days or even weeks in hotels and motels.
And you don't have to worry about your food or pets in your healthy,
because at Riddit they treat your home one is amazing orange oil.
And you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, whether they don't treat your property, the only thing left behind
is the clean set of oranges for just a few days.
It's true if you've got a termite problem, these are the people you want to call.
Call Riddit Peskin to rule right now.
In fact, I understand their delousing Georgia's house as we speak.
And find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs.
Ah!
100% on contact.
No tending.
No BS.
No kidding.
They do a fabulous job for you.
Call right now for a free termite inspection.
There is absolutely no obligation.
Better be safe than sorry.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
When you call Riddit, be sure to tell me the Todd Dreck.
Call 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh!
This is 560-Q-A-F.
The Factship Station.
I think I got it now, man.
Forget about that World Cup.
Forget about the hurricane.
That's what Pat probably wants to see more from their perimeter plate.
Jason Gainmont, five-four-legged.
He is gone.
The first quarter.
He told me he gets a lot of points.
It's working in a deepness, especially off the cliff.
And this keeps the fans alive on him.
Josh Howard got Walker.
He's running the game right now.
Josh Howard.
I know you're pardon?
Why did they rerun in the game now?
It's on Raptors TV.
They ain't going to show no Raptors game on it.
Raptors ain't playing no more this season, okay?
It's on Raptors TV, which is right next to my cable to Leafs TV.
We could play a little of that.
How's that all there?
They're in the middle of a commercial break.
Huh?
You want it?
Whatever you want, man.
On my cable we got it.
Once I manage you all hockey.
Game 1.
I'm good.
Well, I think the big change, like the man in there,
is Charlie got the ice pack over the knee.
Oh, he's got an ice pack on it and his knee too.
I think Rob Marciano's got an ice pack on it.
It's 12.30 a 4 at 5.60 WQIM.
Oh, man.
I'm never going to recover from that crap I found on the internet.
And that was with that.
I wasn't looking for that.
I wasn't, you know, and I just, when you start reading the first comment
and then you go to the second one,
and you can't stop reading it because it's just so,
it's one of those, I don't know whether it will ever cry or just give up.
It's pop out at you.
Man.
Talk about Desperados.
I have no life.
Sure. I've said you're one thing.
When you read all those postings, I know it's Charlie would make you feel
better about your own life.
Even if your own life is crap, it still makes you feel fantastic.
God.
1120 votes on the pool.
Still one to kneel in the soccer.
Let's see.
407.
I got to keep track of the years, channels.
I think it's fizzin.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Worst of all possibilities.
Don't come into check and probably just score the game boys and girls.
Oh.
Yes they did.
Two lights for move here.
Is it lights for move?
I'm not sure.
Is it, is it, is it, oh no.
Who made that net?
Is it a little bit bigger, you know?
It's exactly where we're splicing that ball.
Oh my god.
It's too nil.
It's all over now boys and girls.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
What are we going to do?
Huh?
We're screwed.
We got the hurricane up there in the Gulf.
We got the US getting their ass kicked by the Czech Republic and the game just barely started.
They only played like about 35 minutes.
I think in the first half.
Holy crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and then of course they he getting their ass kicked.
Headed to a matter of play last night and got that hurricane baseball with the old Miss tonight.
What more could you want?
I'm going to put all these stupid articles away here.
Let's concentrate on the important things.
Okay, like fuck.
Man, his head really is huge.
I was watching like 10 seconds of that game.
His head is bigger than some towns I've lived in.
Like in Sturgis Michigan was his biggest shacks head.
God.
That thing is gigantic.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, wait for me up.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, good morning.
Yes sir.
Well, I got through.
I was listening to another radio personality this morning.
Another radio personality?
Well, normally I listen to Bob and Tom, but because I was in daytime this morning I was listening to another guy on another station with you to come on.
Well, why can't you say the name?
Is it like four litre words in it?
Well, I don't know.
I guess you know, it's a Glenn Beck.
No, I'm not afraid of that.
I'm not afraid of that.
I'm not afraid of that.
We're not afraid of that.
I'm not afraid of that.
I'm not afraid of that.
Who is it?
But he was obviously getting a kick out of the fact that the Dixie Chicks, they have an hard time, you know, filling their venues.
Yeah.
And I about to throw up.
Was he also having a kick about the fact that they got the number one album went on the first time in history that a few-
He's a glad to mention Anna.
Who is this person you're talking about?
Glenn Beck.
Oh, Glenn Beck.
Oh, her.
Yeah, I thought it.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't understand these guys' mentality.
So why are you listening to them?
Why would you listen to a card counting group and group stepping Nazi like that?
Well, I would program that station out on my radio and don't do it again.
God.
I call in here like surprised about something that Rush would say, or Bill O'Reilly, or Michael Savage, one of those other Nazis, do you know?
Why are you surprised at it?
Don't subject yourself to it, pal.
Okay, because in their world, in the stratosphere of the theme living, you can only say the things that they approve of.
That's the way it works.
You can only come on and rip everybody nice if you're like a Nazi like main culture with their big Adam's apple.
I don't think if she found Adam's apple, she would even know what to do with it.
Oh, I could tell where to stick it.
Right, Tom.
56670560.
Let's get a lot of these good calls on her.
He was good.
He was like, I'll whipped up because he had a radio accident.
Glenn Beck.
Liberty QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, you're up.
Yes, sir.
You listening to the walk-up?
Am I listening to him?
I'm watching.
What do you mean am I listening to him?
I'm watching.
It's too nothing to check for public, man.
Yeah, too nothing.
Too nothing.
They just scored again, yes.
Oh, man.
You can get a listen to Andres Center on 12th, 30th, Garthole.
I'm just thinking that it's technically a 90th checkers event here, the country,
open that campaign with a four-night warm win against the USA.
So I mean about the problem.
It's going to be that end.
It's just for John.
There's nothing happening.
And this is this din, this is the war, this transmission.
It's impossible.
Who would give the hand?
The rest of the list will be going in the oil.
So in these constipated brits, we don't got no Andres kinder, okay?
See this guy's trying to plug that radio cuticle?
We don't give a crap.
Because nobody is speaking, which is going to be listened by any however smart.
I mean, bullet on.
I'm sorry.
But I don't want to hear that again, okay?
Enough with him.
Enough with Andres Eddie Cantor.
40 minutes they played the first half.
Plus, of course, they got the extra time.
I don't know how much extra time they'll have.
As if we really need the extra time.
Because no matter what extra time they got, they're just going to fiddle around.
Look at this.
Look at how much time he's taking.
Are you watching this?
No.
He's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he
just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just
he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he
is just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's just, he's
just, he's just, hecellence, he's just, guitar, dia's justana,
and service and certainly never about price.
Brandy's shoes will find them at 12.90.
North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copies on these side.
Open every day Monday through Saturday till 9.
Sundays until 5.
And this week, I'm sure it says the right thing because Father's Day is coming up on Sunday, right?
Sure.
So I'm sure it continues to be in the same right tag or maybe not, but I'm positive it is.
It's a great week to shop for Father's Day at Brandy's because it's coming up this Sunday.
Save up to 40 bucks a pair on men's rock, port floor, shaman, new balance,
and get a free gift with purchase too.
So be sure to get your fat ass into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping online at Brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Roger, rock solid, this is 5.60 Q.A.
Bad news, man. It's halftime at the World Cup. Halftime.
Oh no.
Check Republic 2. Oh, you don't got the food from Brad and Tony's already?
Uh-huh. Yes, we do.
You didn't really jealous.
Anyways, halftime, it's a check Republic 2 and the U.S. Nill.
Hey, Neil. This is Randy West.
And as per our phone conversation, I talked to Peter Northy of the day.
He tells me your real name is Neil Down.
And he's still ain't interested in sport whole radio.
5.60 WQAM.
Your headquarters for taped interviews with dumbass criminal athletes.
The station that turns you for sport-hole sweepers.
Followed by a mush-mouth dumbass.
Sound like anyone you know?
Jack!
And if you think they run intelligible just because of the phone.
One note, Charlie Radio.
Time alone, no, Charlie!
5.60 WQAM.
Caterings to a demographic of under-educated degenerate gamblers,
Loyal to wealthy closet gay Republicans who still live with their mother
and are too cheap to buy anything anyway.
I like your bad.
You're dumb.
Aww.
Hey, what a game last night, huh?
Yeah. You heard my interview on WQAM.
He said...
storyhold radio. Is it everyone there why we're going out of business?
Amen. Amen. Yo, I think with a copy, I don't want to get off on a tangent here, but I will anyway.
What George is always telling me, you know, they don't speak our language. They don't speak our language.
No, they don't. And that line that he gave me because he started doing, in fact, he was doing Tommy's job.
Yep. When he first went over there and I had my seven months paid vacation, I was in Europe most of the time.
I have it a wonderful time. And he was over there. Now he every time I would talk to me,
say, this isn't a radio station. It's a sports bar with a microphone.
And he keeps reminding me that they don't speak our language. In other words, like when you're working a certain business, no matter what it is,
there's a certain lingo that goes along like radio talk, like when you were broadcasting radio or TV talk.
They don't speak that. So copy. I mean, copy. What's that? You starting up again?
They just don't speak the language that has got anything to do with broadcasting. That's all they know.
And there is for like the overs and the underies and who won the game and what was the score and who's the next.
The literary goofball we're going to have on here and that's all they know from. That's all they know.
It's not a radio place. And of course, of course, I'm sure how stupid and naive I am.
I thought that one's Greg got those shoved out the door and they brought somebody else in.
Maybe that might change a little bit. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Because the new guy, he's just a face man.
We got clearance calling the shots and clearance makes reg seem like a well-rounded individual, you know, by comparison.
He's a handsome young man. He is a handsome young man and a handsome young sports nerd who that's all he knows about is taking showers with the guys in a locker room, I guess.
Maybe they'd like to take a shower with a handsome young guy. I have no idea. I know I sure would. And I clearance though.
1144 votes. It's a sports bar with a microphone. They don't speak the language of broadcasting. No, Zabla. That language I keep on telling you right now.
Let's keep these calls going. Otherwise, we're going to have to resort back to my pile again. I don't want to mess with the pile.
You? Yeah. Not today. We've been on a roll. 567. They've been pretty good, pretty animated. 567-0560.
0560. 0560. They've risen in singular wireless line. Our goal is to take 2000 calls before two o'clock. And not everyone having to do it unless you want, of course.
Now we could go back to that. We could go back to the NBA, uh, huh? The foul is on the distance. You see that left hand?
Oh, that's exactly right. It was on his back. Rightly, you say, rightly, but the referee sees that angle.
Like with Debra Harris, didn't we? We're going to have 16 to 9 for Dallas. Uh-oh. Call it. Call it. And that was not going to come.
Tuesday game three. The series will ship to Miami for games three, four and five. Thursday game four. Then next Sunday game five.
We're setting necessary. Our coverage will begin at 8.30. Wait a minute. Which game is this? There should be two. How about you, pardon? Yeah, it's game two.
It's game two. We're just rerunning it from last. Where's the score? Are they getting blown out?
It's 16 to 9 for the Mavericks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's game two. What do you mean by that? And game two, he got blown out.
Or he may like last night. Absolutely. That's what I'm trying to. That's what I said before. You got me all called confused now.
Like I really know what game two and game three. I know they're down two games. Dis if they're going to get swept and then everybody's going to get off the bandwagon.
Oh, gee, Pat Riley really sucks. It is. He really choked in the clutch and that Dwayne Wayne. He got. Yeah, right.
You know how it goes. The front running phone is in South Florida. I'm glad. Wagon jumpers. Man, that's all they are bandwagon jumpers. Where is the band? Where can I grab a hold of that brass ring? Huh? And latch it onto my thing. Probably hurts.
72. I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, I have committed to do the crossover with Hank this morning. Well, I've already been through that. So you want me to rehash the whole thing? We don't do crossovers anymore. Oh, man. Hey, who's the better sports player?
Jackie? Okay. W. Q. I. Am. Hello. So you want to tell me? That was good work on that accent just a little bit for like the next 10 20 years and call me back. That was good. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
And then interesting. This is the one thing that they're like all of a sudden I'll whip up about is the crossover. There ain't no more crossover. Okay, it's done. It's finished. It's finito. This show is 10 to 2. Okay. That's what we do. 10 to 2. That's it. Not a moment more.
And you notice when it gets to be 2 o'clock, we're gone. Notice that? Oh, yeah. Although I think one day I think it was Friday. When about 15 seconds over and I felt really bad about that. And you want to know what the reason is for that?
Because of the damn rejoins. If they get any longer on there, we're going to be doing seven minute breaks on the show pretty soon. Thanks to clearance and those stupid ass rejoins that go on and on and on. You know, I'm trying to back time figure. We got a four maybe four minute and 22nd break.
It is man. He can take any break in the world, making it into like a six seven minute break. They just don't understand that they don't get it.
Length, the list of shift man audience in a flow flow. They know from blow, not from flow. It blows whatever they're doing. Clarence. All right. He is a very WQA. I'm hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Why do you hate Hank? WQ. I am hello. Q. I am hello.
I'm bringing up a hockey tournament for about 12 year old. The T.O. and a little bit.
I think you're pardoned? Where should we go after the fall all the same? What's the good thing there?
C and tower. Take the gets to the top and then I have a good trip down. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Take them out of wood. I'm okay. See I'm going to take a losing about half an hour.
Tom 5 60 leap arrives in singular wireless line. WQ. I am hello.
Yeah, please just push.
Q. I am hello. Yeah, no more. No more crossover. I'm not cross dressing. Yeah, we're doing that on the Tuesday. On Tuesdays only. WQ. I am hello.
I like the way you're holding the phone. I mean like that real like that. Yes, sir. Hello.
I guess I scared him away. Got a little nervous. Yeah. WQ. I am hello.
Hey, Neil. USA talkers so bad. They take it in the reg dump zone.
Yeah, that was clever. That was really cute. 5 6 7 0 5 50. Keep the hits on coming, man. I'm if I can put my pile right down.
That's how much I'm enjoying this today. I think I'll do it all week. Uh-oh. Do you see that USA? Do you see that kid with a USA flag around him and puts him clothes on?
Kid, he's really got nasty body. You see what he said? He said the F word right there. He modeled it. Where are you?
CNN CNN. Well, it's too late now. I should have shown these are the sad Americans, man, after the Czech Republic got that too.
Nothing. Look at this kid picking his ear and picking his nose. Got only knows what's been in his ear.
You want to get that thing dirty, sweetheart? They had the other guy he had like the they all got the USA flag right around him.
Isn't that kind of like disrespectful? Huh? Hey, just don't burn it. Now I think they had a burn it with a couple of these guys in it.
Silly people all painted with their faces and everything. System Gujaramo. Thank you, Carla. And you know, it's expecting to be a special apartment within 12 hours we think here. We have it.
And it was a budget cutting thing. They don't want you to know about it. But that's why they like from noon to two. They put the CNN international crap on there with all these people with a heavy European accents, you know, who sound like they're from another planet.
And here's Gujaramo, who's probably like in Budapest or somewhere. And he's talking about the storm in the Tampa and about a week.
But it always got the map on it. You see it's expected you wouldn't know where to find Florida with both hands. Okay. Right.
Them 12.56 and 5.60 WQ. I'll take your one thing, man. These three hours are flow along today. I don't know how it's been for you, man. It's flying by. It's assuming by, huh?
Plus I can't wait for that breaking and diving into spaghetti and meatballs. What can you, what do you mean by that? You got spaghetti and meatballs and a pizza and a pizza you passed.
I'm going to make my, my what you call it pasta. They just based on your same.
1154 votes on the pool. The woman you despise the most. If you love the finer things in life, then you'll love Stogies.
Miami's quintessential cigar shop in Kendall, which South Florida's largest selection cigar. Stogies of Kendall is sure to have your favorites.
Whatever you're looking for, they got it. Stogies got over a thousand open boxes of cigars to choose from, including Arturo Fuente, Padrone, Monte Cristo, Romeo.
Now see here we go with a copy again. The, what says in here? I know it's Romeo and Juliet. It says Romeo, comma, Julietta.
And many more, including a large selection of premium cigars, the close-out prices, as well as the obscure and hard to find.
Romeo, comma, Julietta. Oh, you've raised me. We got too many guayam work in that radio station. I'm turning right now.
Coming to Stogies today, enjoy a smooth smoke in their wine lounge featuring some of the finest boutique wines from all around the world.
You'll find Stogies at one 1612 North Kendall Drive open every day of your life seven days a week.
Our call to reserve a box of your favorites are Garza Stogies, call 305-598-980.
305-598-980. When you stop at a Stogies, say hello to Mario and the girls Sandra and Yani, and get you a free cigar today just for stopping and saying,
hi, that's Stogies at one 1612 North Kendall Drive and prestigious Kendall.
This is Neil Rocker! This is 516-2-A-F.
I'm Man the Legal Latino. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm
I'm in the West Buon Diablo and I Joe Maria's
new oriented mode
os ei
I see bored or agents and I run away!
I see bored or agents and I run away!
I want all the things that I see, I'm cheating!
The three dope and Tino's got nothing on T!
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I!
Adis amigos!
Uncrabble!
You know, do we have a guy in sales now by the name of Craig?
Tommy with you. Yeah, we do. Is he something out of a moron? He's really tall.
I can tell you about it. Is he a taller moron than the one I proceeded in that
bread that took his goods and went back to New York where he came from? Actually, I've only made him one.
I just did you get the facts there Josh? No. I'm a facts machine. It should be on
our just facts you the copy of people. Oh, no, I got it. Okay. You got it. Yeah, that's
better. I want you to take that copy. I circled where that says. Okay, and I want you to take it to
Craig and tell him the wife is asked with it. Well, considering I don't know who that is. Well,
give it to Tommy and Tommy can wipe Craig out the ass with it. How's that? Okay. I'll just hand it to him.
No, don't just hand it to him. Stick it to the stick it with a moon on shine. Okay.
Right. Put it in there real deep. In fact, I think you said something earlier in a show
that ties it with us now. Yeah, that's it. Remember that, Josh? I do. Yeah. I marked it down. Good.
I mean, seriously, somewhere along the line, the blind leading the blind, Norma Ken meeting with
these two bozos. Okay, for an hour. And like sometimes it's going to come from that. These people
are they belong in jail. They belong in prison. What they're doing to this place. There's about
as much relationship with all the years that I've been in this business as to what's going on
a QM right now and radio as there is between between Clara's face and Rob Marciano's ass. Okay.
Oh, small crane crashes near Tappy. You see what's going on? We got hurricane coming. We got a plane.
It's been raining obviously. Oh, God. Oh, my God. But this video just coming into us via our affiliate WTVT,
a small plane crash in a neighborhood here on Davis Island, Florida. We'll get you more information.
Oh, my God. I do like that. Mrs. Limbaugh is there hyperventilating and foamy. Oh, no, that's
a cure. A film since even worse. Wow. And poor Susan Cadiotti is out there getting drenched. Okay.
She's soaking wet. She's standing out to my private. I got a electric. I love Susan. She's about
the only good person besides Rob, of course, on its CNN. You see a lot of blue tarps on Bruce.
And that is because there are any number of reasons. None of building materials to fix them. None of
people around to fix them. We can run out of money. And so as a storm like this approaches,
of those people are particularly concerned about what lies ahead. And even Florida's governor
talked about that. Oh, we don't want to see him again. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Copy eight us. Okay. Radio eight us.
The only thing it's us is sports bar with a microphone, man. Speaking of that, looking at the
governor, his head's probably by the size of shaft. Look at that thing. Yeah. He, well, he would like to
code a washead, you know, after all he did fix the 2000 election him and Captain Harris. I'm sure
hope that wasn't a plan that we just saw in Tampa. Wouldn't be bad if that was Captain Harris's
plane. I've actually been public in party wishes it was. We want to just crashed.
She let has been deferred. Oh my god. Who to think it? WQA M. Hello. Please.
WQA M. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm not a country music fan, but I thought that
they could check CD. It's a great CD. I just wonder if I didn't know that. I can go out there by
ten of men just to piss off the Bush family. Yeah, support them because, you know, they were right.
And there's nothing wrong with being right. And the hardest thing for these right wing not to
just admit they were wrong. And that's why they're constantly badgering about this, but they'll never
admit they were wrong. It's pretty sad commentary when you got to buy music based on what the
right wing tells you. Of course, everything else is the same way too, you know. Don't watch that
video. This is a rain made fall clear water beach. Look at that sand bagging north of Tampa.
It would be the first time some of the people got sandbagged in Tampa.
We ate that situation. Kira. Oh, Kira. I don't want to hear no Kira. Oh my god.
5670560. Pound 560. Leigh Verizon. Singular wireless line. WQA M. Hello.
Hey, Nail. Yes, sir. Nail. The federal and the summary, the guy who they sent
to the prom. Yeah, that's a problem. No, man. It's not really him. Okay. Okay. Now you're probably
doing something with it right now. There's some like an expert on blow up dolls. Here's the
world cup again. They're back in the second half now. They're got the 51 minute mark.
Still to nothing for the Czech Republic over the USA. Look at that. There's a US player got a
bloody nose. The other guy's holding his kiskees. Oh, you see that? So the reason to not
have a navigate in the rascal. No, no, no. No, mallets intended.
What is some kind of a candy ass game? Is that what it is? Oh, god. No, Mallets intended. My ass.
Then the ball rolls back to the goalie. And he'll probably like, oh, yeah.
Oh, that's right. He's in a big hurry because that's the US goalie. So he like kicked it
out of the real quick. He kicked it about 10 yards. And the guy kicked it back to him again.
At a clock is ticking and ticking and ticking 5142 5143.
And now he kicks a prodigious kick man all the way down the field.
And the checker hits it with his head.
Listen, just keep going with the play by play to like two.
Okay.
And now we're back to midfield and he kicked it about four feet.
Now he runs, turns it goes the other way.
Now this is the worst crap I ever seen in my life.
How anybody can serve this to be a sport?
The pick is winning.
One man to be.
Wait.
You know what I know is the play way.
Always cross over.
Always cross over.
He jammed it, babies.
You're dribbled.
You saw what happened to the 60s at the defensive player.
You turned them around twice.
You turned them around twice and I thought something I would definitely do.
When you stop, I heard that.
567-0560, pump.
Duff, go up this instant.
560 on the average and singular wireless line.
Very call intensive this week, man, because you guys are under a lot of pressure.
We got that tropical suramail, virtue that maybe you're hurricane any second over there
in a Gulf.
And you guys are going to get drenched.
I think I'm going to do my Miami radar right now.
All small.
I'm not saying.
Getting all this info from CNN.
I'm not going to any anything from CNN or useless.
They're talking to some old bag there.
It looks like one of the trailer trash from Tampa.
Look at her.
Now is it me or does she have no top teeth?
She's got a box outfit on.
Oh my God.
I don't know and I don't care what she's got.
She is grotesque.
And you know something?
What are they standing in front of?
Trailer.
Toilet.
She got that little kid there.
She probably got two in the oven.
Oh, here.
Look at that.
Oh man.
I never saw this radar before.
This is really neat.
Whoa.
This is crazy stuff here.
Huh?
What do we go?
I'm just saying this is the natural weather service.
They must have a new radar loop.
This is a never saw one.
This nifty looking before.
Wow.
And all that heavy duty stuff is over there.
I hope Joyce don't drown over there in Naples in this store, man.
That would be a shame.
We can only pray.
Maybe that's what this is all about.
Maybe God is trying to get her ugly ass.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Jesus is after you, Joyce.
Anyway, all of this stuff is coming across.
And it's coming from the southwest and man.
It's going to rain here.
Like right now, there's basically nothing in Dave Rower.
Maybe way out in West Palm Beach, like out in Delgley.
Well, it's pretty crappy this past weekend.
Yeah, but you ain't seen nothing yet.
Just wait.
You got some heavy, heavy duty rains coming to town.
See better.
Come to a clock, man.
You may make a beeline out of there.
If you're nearest sports bar, you can march to rest of the soccer.
It even will be over by now.
Okay.
Well, you can watch a replay.
Or maybe maybe some other good.
I'm sure there'd be some other great matches like Belarus and Slavovia.
54 or 20, they played, baby.
We got a long way to go to that 90 minute mark plus then the extra time, right?
Still 2,000 for the Czech Republic.
Keep your hopes up, USA.
I've got a Chinese-Minschance in Hell.
WDQYN, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you say there was making ten inches in Tampa?
Possible.
Well, clear water.
Beans, you can't get too much closer to Tampa than that.
Oh, I see.
Also, on that Mexican-
We're talking about rain, sir.
Rain.
Oh, you know, in that skid you just had it with a Mexican illegal Mexican?
Yeah.
I hear a four-channel or half a microphone.
No, no, maybe you farted, but I didn't hear it.
Or smell it, thank God.
That was how hard he was working to try to develop some material there.
As he was going along, he was improvising there.
He struggled a little bit.
He did.
You're struggling, sir.
You're struggling even with one out when he was a baby.
He probably, that could be, and I understand, there's a lot of pressure there when you get
on the phone here trying to conjure up some material, something to say, especially in
Florida.
But in fact, he's probably sniffing it right now and enjoying the hell out of it.
Twelve minutes past one.
Did you take that coffee and shove it up, craves, ass, whoever that is?
All do it during the break or time.
Yeah.
Take it back there and say, this is an example of why people, at least Neil gets all
bad on the shape, is because you people send him a bunch of swill and they were supposed
to make magic with it.
It's a damn good thing I know my Romeo and Julietta's.
Julietta.
Oh, I know a few Yentas, man, but they're a few Jew Yentas, but they're like in sunrise
lakes.
Maybe that's what that was.
Jew Yentas.
Jesus, God.
It's just incredible.
And then we got the guy with a draw back there from Raleigh who's doing just that fine
job.
He's doing a fine job.
My God.
All the years I've been doing this, man, I never could have in my worst nightmare in
vision that we could have reached this point.
You know what I'm saying?
You know, you're both a part of it.
You both got swept up in and swept away in it.
Well, we're in the middle of it right now.
Well, what is that?
Well, that's an Oklahoma.
It's an oil tank fire.
The guy to that gasoline.
Well, I think the end times they're here.
I don't want you to nervous or anything like that.
But my God, with all the stuff that's going on now, you got hurricanes and playing
the crash and a storage tank catches fire in an Oklahoma petroleum complex.
Well, there goes the price of oil again for a box of gallon tomorrow.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices, by the way, Mr. President.
You're fair.
If you have a business and need to get customers away from the competition, then here's the
perfect business partner for you.
Pub-set printing and design.
Pub-set can design and print just about everything you need new arsenal.
Just look at the great display booth they made about me on our website right at the bottom
of the page.
Go way down on the bottom, which is where we belong.
And that's where we are fast approaching.
Or see even more of their phenomenal work at PubsetSF.com.
Pub-set can print everything you need from business cards to banners, posters to their
especially trade-cho boots and displays.
Pub-set design and printing the very best for over 14 years.
And don't forget, Pub-set can handle it all right in house.
Call 9-5-4-772-7275.
That's 9-5-4-772-7275.
Better yet see for yourself on their website, Pub-setSF.com.
Look your best to get those new customers.
It's your business and it's Pub-set business to make you look great.
Call 9-5-4-77272-7275 or go to their website Pub-setSF.com.
Look for my grotesque picture on your building on Dixie Highway just north of commercial Boulevard.
Choose the very best Pub-set printing and design.
Call them today at 9-5-4-772-7272-75.
This is Neil Rogers.
Go go go go.
This is 5.62.8.
Big market radio.
Wait down, shall we?
Where the mudwings go to hang from trees and play banjoke?
You got some to hold a station on.
Newfangled radio.
Now as North Carolina goes, Raleigh's a big city of know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For Golly, Riley Jones.
Oh, no, GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
They had Joe go to 5.60 with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those.
Blaming sportful moes and order and control.
And then so Golly, Riley, Joe above you'll learn in the know he lets most.
Go and here's what blows if Golly is on show.
He'll make a big change.
And read a rain.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
For what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a board.
Not that essentially.
Float sportful radio.
The GM of 5.60.
Golly, Riley, Joe.
20 past one at 5.60 WQAM.
It's still too nil in the world cup.
Is that right?
Check Republic 2 and the US nil.
They played 63 minutes in 29 seconds for the news.
They kicked it around and admitted to the field.
They kicked it back and forth in about 5 yards over here.
10 yards back there and then backwards and forward.
They're like mosing on up the field very slowly.
He tried to stick it there and they kicked the US.
They lost it again.
The US just fumbled around like a bunch of school kids.
Oh, look out now.
Oh, geez, about 400 yards over the top of the net.
This is the most boring crack, you know?
Well, that's okay.
Today is just a great day.
Why is that?
Well, you know, the show is flying by and I just got news that on Thursday,
Chef Abdel from the Fort Lauderdale Roots Chris will be coming in.
So we'll be enjoying some steaks on Thursday.
You bastard.
Oh, yeah.
Yep.
That's unbelievable.
The Tommy's going to make sure he's here for that one too.
Yeah, I'm sure he will be.
Yeah, straight.
For a little rib eye.
I thought Tommy was a vegetarian.
I thought he'd like that herb.
So I heard.
Oh, I put it in.
He'll in and out.
He couldn't put it in, man.
Well, I'm sure it's not the first time you heard that.
Well, he got their ass kicked last night.
We don't want to revisit that.
So we got two nil.
I'll check that again a little bit while because I know you're all whipped up to a friend's
you about that because the West is playing.
It looks like they're going to get their ass kicked.
And the basketball game is long since over and a hockey game.
Now, when's the next game?
What the hell is going on with that series?
Like who?
It's who won Carolina, man.
Nothing will be fight it and to beat the crap out of Carolina.
Edmonton pulled it out of their butt the other day.
They won two to one on a very greasy goal there by Ryan Smith toward the end of the game.
And I is game for tonight or is it tomorrow night in Edmonton?
Oh, it's tonight.
Tomorrow.
Yeah, tonight.
8 p.m. tonight.
Do you think I'm getting it from you?
I'm on least TV, man.
It's right at the bottom of the screen, man.
Carolina Edmonton 8 p.m. tonight.
I'm sure they don't burn the city up no more.
They're Edmonton.
Yeah, man.
They're in burned the city up, but they got a lot of control again there.
Those Alberta fans, man, act a little more civilized like we do here in Toronto away.
No wonder everybody hates Alberta and says, catch a wine.
And I'm a little red next out there.
They give new, they give new menu that term cow poke in Alberta.
Oh, they got that great Canadian beef man out there in Alberta.
I think some of it's got little, uh, little nuts.
1194 votes.
Oh, no.
Oh, full.
Gotta be careful now.
What's your say these days?
Go mad.
Man, don't say it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on.
Let's get these phone sizzle.
I realize there's nobody in town.
And of course, it's the rain and cats and dogs in a minute.
Let me look at that radar.
That is the neatest freaking radar.
What do you got?
Where'd you go?
I went to, if you Google Miami radar, the very top one.
And it takes you to the National Weather Service and enhanced radar image.
That is the neatest dam and you loop it, you know.
You do the old loop to loop.
I'm looping it right now.
Do I sound a little loopy?
It's a, it's pretty generic.
No, it's not.
Top of the line about this.
I just like it.
It's better than they used to have.
But how come it's not moving though?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
You're supposed to be where it says loop.
And now it's taking me out.
Well, wait a minute.
It's having problems with what it's doing.
Oh, there it goes.
Just loop it.
Loopy.
It's not, it's still got a long way to go.
I think you're okay.
I think you guys will be long gone by the time everybody starts coming cats and dogs.
But later on this afternoon tonight, look out.
Gonna get some heavy duty rains if that baby keeps going.
There's a big band there all in the Gulf Coast.
Got it?
No.
5-6705-60, Tom, so you're getting Ruth Chris on through the air.
Our home is today.
And I'm sitting here just with my thumb in my ear.
Taking these red calls, though, I will say that.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Hello, Niels Williams.
And then we from the day I'll be eating some good curry worst in Berlin, no less.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Went on your website and heard the little song about you're an A-hole
with all of the political commentary that it's excellent.
Yes.
And actually, the part that says you're an A-hole,
is even the best part of it.
Uh-huh.
Yep.
That's all.
Oh, good.
Good call.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
I have no meds.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Oh, yeah, Neil, you considered doing any old families.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Tom, you've eaten more meat than Richard's.
Ben, M.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Nothing would be fine in the Cuffin, Carolina, Neil.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I want to comment about the latest round of anti-drug commercials on TV.
Yeah.
They got the commercial, the guy sitting there, he's got his hand in his mouth.
And the woman's narrating, he says, yesterday my friends told me to smoke pot.
They told me to stick my hand in my mouth.
Yeah.
What's the commercial's at?
Is that going to stop anyone from taking drugs?
The stupidest thing I ever saw.
Stick his hand in his mouth?
Yes, it's stuck in his mouth.
He's in like a doctor's office.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Everyone's just trying to show how stupid you have to be to smoke pot.
I see.
Yeah.
Well, it's a little less oteric, you know, for the average pot head.
I can tell you, it didn't work very well.
Didn't work for you.
I mean, either.
Sixty-nine minutes.
Tommy said he's got a big fat one right there right now.
We work up a good appetite for Thursday and it's only Monday.
Sixty-nine minutes, he can imagine how much he's going to smoke Tuesday and Wednesday.
Still too nothing for the check with public.
And we only got like, what, twenty-one minutes left plus the extra time.
They're taking their time, extra time.
Seriously, it goes to show you, man.
They can make fun all they want about anything in America and rightfully so with bush in charge and all these Nazis.
But when it comes to sports, I will say this.
And especially the Brits, but not only the Brits, you look at this cricket and soccer and squash.
What squash?
Curling.
I don't know.
It's squash.
They play with one of these strange orange yellow balls.
I don't know.
I think it's from China.
Did we see a strange yellow ball?
Yeah.
But in any way, I don't know what it is, but you've heard of it.
Have you never heard of squash?
I eat squash.
I'm not talking about eating squash.
I'm talking about the sport.
It's a game.
And like curling, okay?
Well, with all the respect and, you know, for my Canadian buddies here, you know, curling.
Come on, eh?
But football.
Give me the NFL now.
You're talking to real sport.
Exactly.
Of course, basketball.
Were they invented?
Yes.
That would be here, you know?
No.
Canada.
Stop it.
How much you want to bet that Canadians invented basketball.
They can't play a worth of crap, but they invented it.
Hmm.
Let's see.
You just learned something already.
31.30 and you learned something.
There you go.
When you and Mike Spindelget together for that trivia show starting next Monday, 27 past
one at 5.60 W.D.
If you're a cigar smoker, I'd like to kick back with a good fat one in your mouth like Tommy does.
Then, be here, cigars, by Tony Borhani is for you.
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed and aged up to 10 years.
In fact, I'm aged enough to 10 years just doing a show lately under this new-age yeam man.
Especially when it's sales department and these bozos, they wouldn't know copy from your ass.
But he has a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small backs hard to find tobacco.
But he had gold, a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar, a Fissi Navar cigars insider, and a 9.1 by Smoke Magazine.
This rich, flavored, well-balanced, full-bodied Nicaragua cigar has got earthly hints of dark rose coffee,
chocolate, spice, and pepper flavors. Also, be sure to try the Vahea de Sao.
The de Sao is the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months. It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar Fissi Navar cigars insider.
And they know their crap. It's a powerful cigar with complex notes of leather, earth, and pepper that finishes long and full-bodied with additional spice and a note of charred wood.
If you want to save 40% off on the cost of your Vahea cigars when you call, tell them that Nicaragua is totally called.
And when they finish laughing, they'll take care of you. They'll give you 40% off.
Call 1835 Vahea. That's 1835 BAHIA.
This is Neil Radley. This is 5.62 AF.
Holy mackenaw! This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Guy.
It's the story of a man and a secret ancient messenger.
What is that? It's some kind of cold.
Tom Hink starts in the Morse cold out.
It's just somebody tapping his finger.
No, it's something more, and I'm going to find out what it is.
It's the field that no one knows how to decipher anymore the Morse cold out.
He starts and dashes, means something.
Yeah, they mean time to invent the telephone.
Now you'll be asking, what have gone wrong, and where can I get a refund?
The Morse cold, we did SONS for DPDDK.
133, 5.60 WK. We got 1217 votes. Are you amazed?
That's a lot. There's so much stuff going on today.
What do you mean by that? We said the food coming in through the heat.
We got the heat. We got the heat. We got the heat. We got planes blowing up for Christ's sake.
That big fire that oil tanker in Oklahoma, it was lightning.
I think God has just pissed off his what it boils down to.
Oh God! He's just sticking his fingers all over the place, causing all of this crap to go on.
He works in mysterious ways, and his wrath waxes hot, baby. His wrath waxes hot.
From 117 votes, the woman I despise the most is Ann Quilters.
He's still got over 50% of all the votes. 619.
50, almost 51% for that bitch. That hateful cell.
Condoleezza 161, Hillary Clinton 113, Oprah 177 speaking of Cal.
My XYF 61, I hate this full 50, Nancy Grace 36 frame.
Barbara Bush 20, Joyce's only got 17. Oh my God, I guess she's got a lot of tough competition here, huh?
My mother-in-law 16, Rita Cosby 13, Phyllis Shoebfly 13, star Jones 10, Rosio Donald 8, and Barbara Wawa's only got 3.
I don't know how to say that out of mine. Nobody sees that old bag anyway. Who now watches the view?
Our audience here is old, don't?
Much a much a desperate fat shut-ins watch the view.
That's true.
5670560, pound 560 in the evil rise in singular, wireless lies.
We got the curtains coming up at two, mad dog at four.
We got UN baseball at 659. You have an old miss.
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud.
Whatever that means.
You ever hear that? That song?
Not until today.
I've heard it from a hundred years before you were born.
And any kid follows you at baseball, which is like a death wish.
5670560, let's get these, what's that delay-kits you up? You'll see.
WQAM, hello.
In more breaking news, God, Ben Rodler's murder crashed a bike up in Pittsburgh, but his head off he stole it.
Oh, no, no. Can you believe that? Wouldn't that be bad if that's really true?
Ben Rodler's murder crashed up his bike?
It's three-nothing. Oh no, the news keeps getting worse.
Oh my God.
Oh!
Oh my God, it's only this game. This is done. This is finished.
Yeah, yeah.
Three nil for the Czech Republic over your USA soccer team at the World Cup.
Oh my God. I wonder where they're playing this game.
I mean, obviously it's somewhere in Germany. I wonder where is it?
Is this one in Nuremberg? No, the Iran game was in Nuremberg.
Now, where are you going?
Berlin. Berlin. Have you ever heard of that?
Each been on Berlin. Have you ever heard of Berlin? No.
You'd like it there, man. You would like it there. I guarantee you that right now.
I would like it a lot of places in Europe.
I'm telling you, like it there, you have never seen so many beautiful women in your life.
And guys, the people are, I'm just telling you right now.
And friendly. People over 40, though, stay away from them. They're still doing that the goose-dipping.
I'm just telling you, man. Berlin is the, and of course, thanks to the fact that we bumped it into a oblivion at the end of the war,
that they had to rebuild the whole city. So it's really modern and sparkling and,
oh, upscale, great food. Like that German sausage, man.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've risen in singular wireless line.
Well, one of these days, man, when you hit the lotto, you make the rounds, you start an Amsterdam,
and then you'll hop on a plane, you'll be in Berlin in less than an hour.
You enjoy it.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, it's an A.
Is this the part small, man? Hello, it's an A.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, it's two. It's two. That's Rossign Berger. He's not dead.
He's not dead. He's not dead. Okay, stop with the crap.
Next, he's going to be telling us about Catherine Harris' plane crash.
You think that Rossign Berger was in some, Google it.
I'm, okay, I'm, are you waiting?
I was waiting for the, I'm watching ESPN, for the bottom line, to hit me, NFL.
Yeah, it'll be on there on, you know, a couple of minutes.
Well, when you mean a couple of minutes, we don't have time to do that.
I'll Google it. I'll Google it.
Google it.
I'd like to see the way you're going to spell Rossis Berger, huh?
NFL news. How about some NFL news? Can you Google that?
NFL.com.
If he had some kind of a mishap, I guarantee it'll be on NFL.com.
Fast and even say, cure a philips as the anti-Christ.
He was injured in a motorcycle crash one day morning, and stayed to a hospital.
He was alert and conscious.
I'm looking, hang on, I'm reading.
He was alert and conscious.
Yeah, that's, that's something new.
I just wasn't conscious.
Okay, shut up, Shula. That was the brainstem.
That sounded like longest stem.
Yeah, and that was a shot.
You're calling the brainstem day one stem?
I said it sounded like a meteorite shot.
Oh, I'm done Shula. I have a phone.
123 votes. And Barbara Wallace, older got three.
They love Barbara. What's the lever alone?
They like bras with a speech defect.
We're old enough to be their grandma.
567, bedrothless burger was involved in a motorcycle mishap.
Okay, he's not dead meat. He's not dying over there.
He's conscious. He's like, eh, like that.
He ran into a car and went into the windshield.
Oh, my God. I'll be damned.
I always study at a good head on my shoulders.
Not normal.
Three, nothing in the world, cover.
You're right. This is a pressure pack day.
I can't believe it.
And we've already passed the 80-minute mark.
This game, oh, and a poor, look at that poor check, guys.
They're in their own agrarian holding his knee.
Oh, poor baby.
Now with a man, if you can't beat him, kick their ass.
Play dirty. Start gooning it up.
That's what the panties always used to do.
You can't win the game. Goon it up.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, that's the problem.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
You know, yes, sir.
We play the head of the Kittles Saturdays.
Let's follow up with the USA soccer team.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
What happened to Susan Gray in her fish story?
Susan Gray?
Yeah, in her fish story.
Who was Susan Gray?
You never heard of her?
No.
She tells some good fish stories.
Okay, well, I'm real happy to hear it.
WQAM, hello.
How many times have you seen that?
30, man.
QAM, hello.
No, that's it.
5.67, 0.5.60.
I thought maybe they could, you know, keep it going right till two o'clock.
So what happened?
I have to go into my pile.
I don't think they can keep it up till two o'clock.
Aren't you really distraught about that, um,
and US was ranked number five in the world and checked with public number six.
But I guess that's going to change pretty quick, huh?
They're coming right up to the 82-minute mark.
What's looking up of the stands?
What are two USA fans already baking for the exit?
Oh, no.
They still got seven minutes left, man, plus the extra time.
They can stick three of those in there before you listen.
Yeah, not.
No chance.
It's stuck.
Almost as bad as the heat.
WQAM.
Hello.
I got a hospital.
WQAM, please.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's plenty one on the only, uh, this up.
WQAM, hello.
Susan Gray says, now.
Yeah, okay.
Susan Gray.
We now, do anybody have any idea who Susan Gray is?
Huh?
Maybe she tells him Gray Fish story.
That's what I heard too.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Do you want to say, you know,
I don't know.
Oh, hey.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil, fuck you.
Well, there you go.
He must be one of those US soccer fans, huh?
This, Dolphin, Rildo.
Yeah, really all whipped up.
Well, give it a shot, pal.
I don't think it's going to work.
This is Neil Roger.
Welcome.
This is 5.62.8.
This is an ABC News special report.
This is an ABC News special report.
I've asked for a few minutes of your time to discuss the reform of America's immigration
system.
Mexico is our neighbor and our friend.
America can be an open door to the future.
The border should be open to criminals, drug dealers, and terrorists.
The men and women of our border patrol are doing a fine job.
And over the past five years, they have apprehended and said home about six people entering
America illegally.
And most are sent back home within 26 years.
Thank you and goodnight.
I think it wasn't a US can't school, but they sure came, glued it up.
Just after I said that, the man there's smashing guys across the head with their arms and nothing gets called
because they got to keep that clock running.
You know, well, did it.
Yeah, now that's what they're doing.
If you can't win, oh, oh, come on up to that 90-minute mark and then a little bit of extra time.
It looks like I shut out.
Looks like a white wash.
Do that crowd.
Woo!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, for us to just stay home.
I just need a bank and that's going to smack you back in the head.
To the goal for the check, we put it.
Oh, we're in a time-add it already, baby.
It's all over but the shot now.
It's all over but the shootin'.
Let's see if they do any better on the replay than they did last night.
Think they might win that one.
You think they're going to win today?
Let's give it a shot.
Let's see.
It's going to be 413 in the Raptors TV.
59-42 Madras looks like they either get in bushwack again.
Looks like bad news.
566-705-60.
Let's get a few of these stellar calls in before time runs out.
Got them.
Whether we're alert going on, man.
Got a possible hurricane up in the Gulf.
Playing crash in Tampa.
Just all kinds of groteses.
There's that ugly Chad Myers again.
I guess they don't have to worry about it now because the rain is coming down.
There'll be a lot of rain.
The problem is if you have an eight-inch rainfall deficit,
you can't make that back up with one eight-inch rainfall.
Because half of it runs off.
It doesn't really count to regenerate the groundwater.
It was going to be seen.
28-a-watch.
I don't know.
For parts of Florida here, there have been two reports of tornadoes on the ground this morning
and a couple of very large cells.
Any time you see the red around your area, you do want to keep an advised.
If you look around, if you see the red around it, you know you got a real tourist coming, baby.
566-705-60.
Pound 560 and leave a residence in your wireless line.
What are we going to do about that?
And that U.S. soccer team, damn it.
Things have started to grow soft a little bit.
WDQ-YM, hello.
You need to go ahead in Canada.
WDQ-YM, hello.
How could go with some fish sticks?
WDQ-YM, hello.
Q-A-M.
Roger's cable, how it's done.
WDQ-YM, hello.
It puts the U.S. soccer team in the basket.
Yeah, let's put your ass in the basket.
WDQ-YM, line nine, hello.
Mr. Rogers, I wanted to thank you.
I wanted to thank you for the recommendation of American history eggs.
Yes?
Excellent.
Look, baby.
Yes, it is.
I didn't see the end coming though.
I thought they were going to get the younger brother in the...
Don't give it away to the endings now, okay?
Don't give it away to the endings in the movie.
That's bad.
Nobody watching.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Well, we used to be blessed as soft, Florida.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Buh-buh.
Q-A-M, I knew they couldn't do it all the way to 2 o'clock.
For a while, they had to... they had to... they had to spake down.
I knew they couldn't do it.
Either they're out of practice, man. They're out of training.
See, we went from almost no calls to, like, looking for a heavy call sweep this week.
They just can't do it.
Out of material, like, they've been for, like, how many years now?
About 30, man.
30 years.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Party time.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Near you, I think it's here, you guys.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Stop, there, sharp ear.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Yeah, the crazy throughout now, I'm here.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
Ha-ha.
Woo!
Ha-ha.
Yeah, that's all right.
Yeah, you ran out.
Yeah, well, yeah.
It tastes one of no one, baby.
Wow.
Remember when they got it in Ku Klux Ness when they went fishing, when they got it in the escape?
They got it in the hijack, the bus?
Yeah.
And they all went on that big boat, and they all went fishing.
That's what it's kind of like today.
Yeah, you just keep all those guys a cell phone.
Right.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Susan Grady's got one, hello.
Yeah, well good. WDQ-YM, hello.
Yeah, I think the heat is really out for some reason.
Some vengeance this time around.
Ha-ha-ha.
Ha-ha-ha.
Yeah.
All right.
Now that may have been the best call today.
I like that.
WDQ-YM, hello.
I need a look.
Yeah, yeah, you need it all right.
A good blueberry animal sounds good.
We'll tell you where to stick this.
Tube.
Wow.
WDQ-YM, hello.
I love the smell of my own.
Well, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Q-A-M, hello.
I feel like I got to correct you.
Yeah.
Deep in the work, this path.
It's big shot.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Can you handle it off?
Hmm.
Talk about week.
Man, oh man.
It's this last glory we've had here.
It don't get no weaker than this.
This is the lightning round.
Yeah, and this is the sad lightning round.
One of the all-time worst.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, I've got a quick story about how precarious our freedom is
in this so-called precontory.
My friend was at the landing courthouse about a week and a half.
For a child custody case.
There was a recess in the trial while he was waiting around.
Some guy told the cops that he was one of three men that abducted him five months ago,
posing as police officers.
They arrested my friend on the word of this scumbag.
It's never seen my friend in his life.
See, there we go.
Can't say that.
Not sad.
That's very bad.
Tommy actually, his jaw just dropped and hit the table.
I didn't even, because we had a dump that.
Yeah, you know, you couldn't say that.
I don't know.
I can't say S-Bag.
That's ridiculous.
Ah, Tommy knows it's ridiculous.
Josh Corners knows it's ridiculous.
You know, Rogers knows it's ridiculous.
Everybody in the listing audience is doing little show-renotes ridiculous.
But Joe Balon, Clarez, Darrell, they don't know it's ridiculous.
And that's because Joyce don't know it's ridiculous.
We can't say D-Bag.
We can't say S-Bag.
And you wonder why I'm like psychotic?
Who would have thought we couldn't have said it was wrong?
Yeah, well, we can say scumbag.
And you know, like when you put the chicken soup in the refrigerator overnight, the container,
and you get that layer of scum on top, and we can say, B-A-G is it's in the bag, boy,
but we just can't stand together.
See that?
You get a real good education being in here this week, seeing how low that they've just,
they've taken all the way.
Am I attorney, by the way, after that great one hour meeting on Friday reports that Clarez, Darrell,
is a handsome young man.
This is new Roger.
This is 516-Q-A-G.
Please stand by.
Yeah.
Oh my.
Oh my what?
It's D-Bag.
If I have any talent.
Where the equipment don't work, yeah, that's the way it's so.
W-U-A-G.
Can you want to get married?
Well, let me give you some advice.
Oh
Oh
Oh
You heard it.
Okay, so I'm asking, do we miss a spot there or something there at the end, or is that just my imagination?
Uh, no, I think I just forgot to hit the plus on the, uh, on the rejoin.
Oh, so it was your bad.
And here blame it and crappy equipment that we got there and you're going to be coming in and bitch you, huh?
Yeah, the equipment sucks.
Anyway, so, uh, 1248 votes on a pool.
The woman, I despise the most.
And Colver, man, there's nobody even close to that bitch.
That's style.
That 639 votes 50.9%.
Condoleezor 164.
Hillary Clinton 115.
Let me see, is the game over now?
I'm sure the game is over, isn't it?
Huh?
I'm looking.
Well, let me, let me take a puke at it.
I'm sure the damn thing is over.
Three now for the Czech Republic.
They're busy.
They're talking heads are talking.
The sports talking heads.
All done.
Oprah 77, my ex-wife 61.
I hit this pool 50.
Nancy Grace 37.
Babs Bush 22.
Joyce 19.
My mother-in-law 16.
Read a crossby 13 for the shoefly 13.
Rosio Donnell 11.
Star Jones 11.
And Bob was still only got through.
Bye, bye, bye.
