Yes, everybody's very excited about tonight.
That's an evil me.
I couldn't care less.
It's a big thing down here.
Well, you keep telling yourself that and preaching you believe it.
That's the truth.
Yeah, just like our two to four segment.
It's a big thing down there.
No, I'm just talking about what's happening tonight.
Yeah.
It's the playoffs, man.
Why did they get those slots started down there?
July.
Supposed to lie?
That's what I hear.
July of what year?
This year.
Oh, okay.
That's what they're planning.
Hopefully before the Marlins moved to San Antonio.
Well, that's not happening.
Oh.
The 50 for the Marlins moved to Halea.
The 15th is the deadline for that.
And the Marlins struck out in the legislature.
Yeah, the 15th, yeah.
Yeah, I read your boy Barry this morning.
But he boop, but about, and the David San Francisco is this,
this is the single stuff.
Barry, that pimp.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, I said that they've on Friday.
I said the Kentucky Derby dissent part about it is that it's not a really fair race because there's too many horses in it.
Yeah.
It's all about road troubles.
It's all about traffic.
It was about a pretty rough trip behind the leaders.
The horse I liked said.
The Derrick was like nine wide in the back.
Yeah, well, it was wide the whole track time.
That's the whole way around.
That's why I told you that post position was going to kill him.
You did?
No, I didn't.
I said that I told you that.
I haven't talked to you in, uh, so Jesus was a baby.
I told the public.
I was on top of it.
I see you didn't tell me that.
No.
I didn't bet it.
I didn't even see it.
I was in the middle of a long marathon it would buy.
But the horse I had, uh, Stefan Wolfer, I had him in the exact it with the barb roar,
born to be vile.
Anyway, he had a terrible trip.
He got caught up in, you know, he got hit early and then, uh, got carried wide.
Had to be limited to 12, you know.
And we passed that conversation, not you and I, but a bunch of us were talking about that.
You know what?
That's what makes it Kentucky derby special.
Yeah, you got to have a lot of luck and you got to be really tough to win.
That's not what makes it special.
That's what makes it an unfair race.
A race that's supposed to be like the determined who's the best, not who gets the best luck.
Well, usually the best horse wins.
I think the best horse won this race.
Oh, I don't think so.
I don't think he's going to win no triple crown.
I don't know about that, but I think it won the preetness.
Really?
Yep.
I think Brother Derrick will kick his ass.
Well, you like Brother Derrick and, uh, I'm not so sure about that.
Okay.
Brother Derrick can only run one way.
I don't know why he keeps saying that.
I looked at the chart.
He can't run only one way.
He comes from off the base around the leader.
If you look at the chart, he's coming up closed and races in one.
Doesn't have to have to lead.
He's total speed in California.
He's California's speed.
Okay.
And he's, uh, that's the case.
And how can he close from like nine wide and finishing the dead heat for fourth?
He just ran.
You know, he didn't touch, you know, nobody touched him.
He was outside the whole way.
He was wide.
But he was beaten by about 15 lengths.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nine about next to, uh, eighth of a mile anyway.
He was beaten 15 lengths.
Yeah.
Okay.
We'll see when they get to a pimpical.
We'll see when they get to ballamour.
I'll read you what happened to the horse and the race.
Brother Derrick, uh, worked his way.
Six wide by the first turn moved out wider when the field was wide.
Nine wide, you know, nearing the end of the back stretch,
banded out nine abreast when making a serious run on the upper stretch,
but came up empty while finishing fourth.
Yeah.
Right.
Came up empty.
So he's a nice horse brother Derrick.
But I don't think he's as good as this one.
This horse just won with ease.
I mean, he was effortless.
Well, you know, you're going to get sucked in like we do every year,
year after year.
Oh, here's a great, you know, an addition to which everybody
was talking about how contentious the field is.
Is it possible at the rest of the horse is just aren't really all that good?
No, I think he could.
I think it was a good field.
I think, you know, a lot of these horses, you're right.
When you have 20 horses in a race, it looks like a pretty simple bobbin-john.
Bob and John is a good horse.
Right.
Bob and John never had a chance.
Yeah, it seemed to hit the board.
He was nowhere.
He got crushed coming out of the game.
Well, there you go.
But that could happen in a ten horse race.
But much less likely, highly unlikely, highly salicy.
Well, what happened?
I'll tell you what happened to Bob and John.
And it could have happened, like I said, in a ten horse race.
When key entry came out of the gate, he killed Bob and John.
Just knocked, almost knocked him off his pins.
And that was the end of Bob and John.
I kicked your ass.
Boy, you're wrong.
I had no excuse.
He was in a good position.
That was a horse I like.
He just did it.
Yeah, that was the other one I picked.
I picked those three.
Brother Deerick on top.
And then those two for the triple.
And I wouldn't hit the board.
And that easy to do that.
I've done that.
I think they did the same thing.
I think he picked anybody to hit the board.
Barbara, what I did was, my betting strategy was I took Steppenwolfer and lawyer Ron and boxed them in exact as with Barbara and point determined.
Oh, and Bob and John.
And better off the bet on Bob and Tom.
And what if Steppenwolfer ran third?
You know, I had a shot in the back.
I ran first and third.
How much did they pay for that?
Nothing.
Oh, about as much as they pay for not having a horse to hit the board.
Right. That's exactly correct.
Yes, sir.
Zipini Duda.
I did hit the double though.
Well, that's good.
It paid $60.
I had a $60 marathon at Woodbuy.
My longest lunacy in the history of my life Saturday.
You know, five A into nine P.M.
And I know it was their general manager.
And I know it was their general manager.
Woodbuying.
Yeah.
Came over and introduced himself to me.
I was during the telecast.
Oh, I had to give him a message for him if I didn't own that.
I never saw that.
It's a joy.
It's a joy.
It gave him a message.
And what did he have to say?
He just walked over.
So I just want to introduce myself.
I'm from the general manager.
Woodbuying.
Yeah.
That was it.
Tell him gambling is one thing.
Stealing is another thing.
Anyway, I was there for 16 hours.
I lost $100 bucks.
That's pretty good in it.
I'm not gambling anymore.
Charles Barkley has it right.
When you win, you don't win that much.
Yeah.
He was talking about John Daly's book.
Where John Daly's said he lost $60 million.
And one thing Barkley said is true.
John Daly hasn't lost $60 million gambling.
He doesn't have $60 million.
So he probably can't remember.
He's got a problem.
That's true.
But Barkley was saying that...
What differences does it make?
Charles Barkley.
Who cares about that jackass?
If you're losing money that you can't afford to lose,
then it's a problem.
It's another story.
Well, he's a big game.
If you're gambling for the fun of it, for the halibut,
then it's another story.
Well, Barkley can afford it.
Well, like I said, so what's he whining about?
He's not whining.
I'm whining about that damn berry bonset today.
I love that...
I love them, Philly, that big sign they had out there in the bleachers.
Yeah.
They broothed it on hot dogs and beer.
That was great.
That sounds like me.
Hot dogs and beer?
That's how I do it.
Well, not so much beer.
I used to love hot dogs.
Yeah, at the ballpark.
Yeah.
Ballpark racetrack.
Till we got our ballpark.
Oh, by the way, what the hell was there?
Martha, that was your name, they might have a good friend at the calltor.
Oh, yeah, Mickey.
Mickey, Mickey and Martha, there was a the tomb.
Right.
Mickey was the one...
Mickey always says she still asks about you.
She's still there?
She works at...
I haven't seen her call, she used to...
And Martha was the other one.
Yeah, he was the other one.
She was the other one.
Yeah, he was the other one.
Yeah, I remember Martha.
She was also works at Hylia.
Yep.
Well, maybe she can work at the ballpark when they get in there.
Yeah, I remember they stayed serving the green weenies at Hylia.
That's a red about to be where they get ready to close down.
So you're laughing, you know, I'm sure.
Oh, my God.
That's why I'm laughing.
What the hell was that all about?
Oh, man, I know that they have to destroy some horses, but they have to serve it up to the public.
That was bad.
That place became so filthy, man.
We like a pigstie.
Thank you, John Brunetti, for destroying a beautiful, beautiful place.
I remember that time I was like, what could it eat on the ear, trying to like rally around.
I have no idea why I did that either.
Of course, your buddy, your good post-personal friend, Vic Stofor, talked me into doing that.
And Bob Savage, Rest in Peace.
At least Bob was a good guy.
Yes, he was.
Vic Stofor is a jackass.
Yes, he is.
He's got to make him pictures, man.
How he could be called Hollywood Park.
He is so, oh, just miss me.
Yeah, and Hollywood Park, his own, oh, well, it's not anymore.
It was owned by Churchill Downs.
So he was working for the two rival companies, you know, upstream being owned by Strang.
How in having full that off?
He wants, he wants so bad to be Tom Durkin, you know, what's it?
What's it?
It was called the Car race.
He wants, he tries, I beg your pardon?
Durkin's called the derby was great.
I didn't see it, I didn't see the race.
I saw the replay, I didn't see the race, though.
And as a matter of fact, they were re-showin' it was funny, because they re-showed the stretch run on one of the channels here, on the fourth channel.
And they said, and here were the call, oh, I think it was the Buffalo channel.
And he said, here were the call the stretch run as Dave Johnson.
And of course it was Durkin, but I thought it was music.
See Dave's on everybody's mind.
When it comes to horse racing, his greatest Durkin is, everybody thinks about Dave Johnson.
I did the draw show with Dave on Wednesday.
We had a great time.
And pretty capacella.
And it is now post time.
I told you the capacella's story.
Yeah.
You just stand in the corner of the press box after he was retired and every time he's...
You know, you hear this voice.
Like Ernie had called it, man.
I wish you never encountered him, boy.
This is the funniest guy in history of the race track.
He was great.
He would sit there before the race and call a fictitious race.
Everybody would be just peeing in their pants.
He was the funniest guy.
And he would call it in like a Freddy capacella high-fall set of voice.
And they're off, and on the outfit.
And then he would talk to him, what do you like this, Ray?
He had a real deep... deep voice in real life.
Who do you like this race?
Now I just crack up. He was funny.
He's dead.
He used to wear our garl socks.
I guess it's not a good idea to wear our garl socks.
He used to wear our garl socks a long one.
No, a long time ago.
Yeah.
How many socks?
You haven't worn socks in years.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't wear socks.
I get like the marks that I cut off my circulation.
That's why my feet are so beautiful as I don't inspire my diabetes.
I don't wear socks.
I wear socks that'd be dead.
Two things if I was in Florida or if I wore socks, if I would...
Both of them might have been dead a long time ago.
So how are things at the stations since I was gone?
I can't play those sounds anymore.
This afternoon my attorney is filing a $10 million lawsuit against Joyce Fitch.
She doesn't have that kind of money.
At $330 this afternoon my attorney has been instructed to file a $200 million lawsuit against Joyce Fitch for interfering with the show.
So I found out I'm very good authority that she hates me like poison and is purposely sandbagging the show.
She'll do anything in her power to try to get me to fail.
That's it. I'm not making that up either. That's a true story.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
How do you like to work for people like that?
I do.
Fitch rhymes with bitch.
I do.
That's right you do do.
Well I'll tell you there's two to four hours are pretty impressive.
This coming from the new general manager who one of the first things he said to me is,
well we're not in any hurry to replace Mo because how much worse can we do than he did?
Well I guess we're fighting out huh?
Yeah. Maybe he was irreplaceable.
Who's that?
Well I don't understand what that means.
Oh he was irreplaceable?
I don't know I said.
I saw him last week at the golf tournament.
No come on.
Yep.
And?
I don't know if he spoke to anybody else.
He didn't speak to me.
Oh he didn't speak to you.
Or coped.
The only guy he spoke to was Miguel.
In all of a sudden you saw Mo.
Yep.
There he was.
He didn't speak to you?
Did he see you?
That's your kind of hard to miss here.
I was doing a radio show for me.
Right.
And he was there and he didn't even speak.
What a bastard.
What a hard ass.
What a break.
Yeah you got lucky break.
Yeah Mo.
Might have been a little bit instant seer.
Well listen don't cash all those tickets too fast now.
Keep them in them.
I've got you know what I've got a double ticket and I've got an exacta ticket from the Woodford
Reserve race.
The cash.
Because the lines were long.
You bet.
You didn't tell me we're going to run that guy from Woodbine if he'd been psychic.
That would be a mess.
I bet guy I didn't know him.
You just walked up and said hello.
Yeah.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
I got news for it.
You can take the slots for 16 hours and you only lose 100 bucks.
That's pretty good.
You're a genius.
Although I was 1500 had it for the first two hours but I didn't run out.
I want to spoil all my day.
And two times I got up.
Two times within an hour I got up and left the machine and moved to the one next to it and
somebody came and played the one I was just off and hit two grand twice.
When that happens it's like a message.
Yeah speaking of my name.
Yeah it's time to go.
I didn't.
Had a wonderful time.
Well listen have a great day and be sure to be tuning in for two to four because somebody
has to.
Well I wanted to hit it at 330 when I hear it but when the lawsuit gets filed.
Now the lawsuit is at 145 this afternoon it's the $700 trillion lawsuit against your
a pitch.
Okay.
And the banjo boy group ink.
I mean the clampets.
Have a great day.
See ya.
Bye.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars.
Okay do I recite those at the beauty broadcast group?
Up very good.
Rhymes and hell bitch.
That's hot.
For training, I'll buy some.
Die.
This is die.
I'm here to play.
I have to put water down.
Oh you know when we like to see me.
Rosie, you know.
You host on the view.
Will they hire all some of the laddies?
Rosie, you know.
You host on the view.
Covered two swallows and all I get is to.
She's replacing Meredith the era.
Will she throw a cruise ball at the Jones?
Watching those two might just be his painful.
As can be stolen.
Rosie, you know.
You host on the view.
Are the bosses at ABC's they're being blue.
Rooting, ethnic, even, no seasheet.
And Tom Cruise also goes in.
Now she has a cast for him.
It's your father too.
Gotta belly bigger than a bot's car.
Accidentally might be Joy Behar.
Poor little Elizabeth has all that.
I think you'll have.
Now works with strength.
Oh happy to be back to her Roos thing.
And out her came our pantsuit.
Rosie, you know.
Don all is going through love.
You.
All right.
Rosie, you know.
Look at that 10th 15 already.
Jesus Christ.
Our whole first quarter hour is gone man.
Yeah.
What's going on here?
I'm trying to tell you and you just won't listen.
You are such a heart.
I don't.
I say we start that crossover about 20 till 10.
Do it all between that segment.
Okay.
Okay.
What?
That's okay by you?
Yeah.
That's a lot of.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
I said that.
Now.
If buy it...
things you can't lose.
Nothing more than truth or mystery, no one's a controlling man.
That's everything you let go.
A set of things in the sets, now these items dead, are screwing you all.
That's the new day.
Make me, make me, act up on the day, make me,
I should have done it.
It's higher each time.
Make me, make me, act up on the day, make me,
They're making profits, at an all-time high.
Open world, don't lead a blast, the bad events rise, rise.
You'll both be safe to push this ass, it's over-referring.
You hear new spin every day,
A set of things in the set, now these items,
dead, be too justified, catching the price, I just die.
Break me, break me, act up on the day, make me,
They raise the price, I just die like,
Break me, make me, everyone on K Street,
They buy the power, that's something I strive.
Break me, break me, break me,
Break me, break me, break me,
Thank you Mr. President for those low bargain basement gas prices
and for all those dead people in Iraq and all these other wonderful things you're doing
and for that great job after Katrina and New Orleans and all the other sensational things you'd be doing.
Laura Angerham, by the way, is a dike.
Really?
Sorry this weekend on a Christmas show,
so about five minutes of that,
with that self-hating, faggot Andrew Sullivan,
who finally discovered that the Republicans are busy gay bashing,
but I guess you're a little bit slow Andy, okay?
Man, maybe if you ever lifted your head up in the air like sniff the adapetals,
sniff the lilacs and the pansies, maybe you've figured that out a long time ago.
Don't like their gay bashing and their tax cuts for the rich and this and that,
but I mean, all of a sudden he's turning real fast like everybody else except for Laura though.
She's kind of like another aunt coalfer of the same thing,
she just talks a lot of crap.
While it was either Bob Jones or Liberty,
one of those were Ted Kennedy's spoke area,
just talk a lot of generalities like O'Reilly,
same crap, all these right-wingers,
just talk a lot of nonsense and the dumb,
you know, their lemmings, they, whatever they say, they will buy it.
Air Force General Michael Haydons been chosen ahead to CIA,
saw the big deal at the White House this morning in the oral office,
nomination of Haydons who would replace Porter, Misha Goss,
a CIA chief, is a subject concerned by lawmakers from both parties
because of his military status.
In fact, US Representative Peter Hoekstra,
the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee,
says this appointment signals that we are not that concerned about having an independent intelligence committee,
independent of the Department of Defense.
We have another goose-stepping Nazi in charge now.
Hoekstra sets a civilian government policy makers need to get intelligence in an unvarnished way
through a civilian, not through a military lens.
That, that, that, that, wow, you know, similar to that.
Who cares?
Exactly, who cares about that?
George, pick Barbara, he's the only one of all the experts that picked a Kentucky Derby,
proving like I've always said, when you know absolutely nothing about what you, you know,
the, this beginner's luck, we're sure to try.
Should have put some money.
Should have put some guns out.
At any rate, he didn't, and that's the bottom line.
Like, guy like George Cannon for you, we've been on no-hosph races, okay.
We're sitting in wood buying for 16 hours.
Wow, wow.
That's crazy.
But if something's you go to the bathroom with that 16 hours.
Many, okay.
Many, I put the cup on a chair.
I say to whoever's next to me, would you want to say, yeah, we, why, do we look out for each other?
That's nice.
That's nice.
Anybody comes here, break there, or I always say that, if anybody tries to take my machine,
break there or I'm here.
Hey, listen, go take my machine, man.
I got a good machine here.
At any rate, that's just one of those things.
It's a fun pastime if you can afford it, and if not, don't go.
Stayed hell away, okay.
Stay away from those bandits.
Like, you think they called them one-armed bandits, banditos.
So Hank met the guy from Woodbind, but he didn't get any conversation from the moment.
That's so sad, you know.
But that's what you deal with when they put the heavy, hateful, hostile piece of dirt.
In fact, I'm finally $16 billion lost against Joyce Disact, known as 215.
Good.
Yeah, don't say that's a good idea.
It's out to get you.
She is out to get me.
She's out to sabotage this show.
We know that.
But Joyce is the one who told us that.
And of course, you know, she's also out to get your ass.
Oh, I know.
Guilt by association.
And of course, Josh, even his ass is in big jeopardy.
Oh, no.
So what does that?
Here's our poll from Friday.
What's your take on the Hank Meal crossover at 10?
Well, we sure had a long, a lengthy one this morning.
Bop, bop, bop.
See, I didn't even see the race.
I saw the replay of the stretch drive only, you know.
But I just like Bustin Hank's balls because he gets so aggravated.
Yeah, I just enjoy doing it.
Because I'm a bastard at heart.
Now, he's the expert.
And what wouldn't he get?
What did he have?
Nothing.
Do you have the winner?
No.
What's your take on the Hank Meal crossover at 10?
1390 votes?
I love it.
Don't stop 547.
Well, that's because you people love it so much we did extra longer than they.
So, I think it's 155.
And get rid of it.
I hate it 97.
So the negative ones on this one are like 19 by 25%.
And then the ones that say started at 950, built 10.
I guess that's not a ringing in the door.
It's like about 40%.
We can't afford to be blowing 40% of the audience down the drain.
But we'll do it anyway.
Because I guess Hank likes it and the Hank likes it.
And I guess the clearance loves it.
Of course, the clearance loves it.
It must be bad radio.
He is such an idiot.
How the hell could it be time for the second break?
Or we see that's the other thing.
Look at that.
Wow.
I haven't barely said hello yet.
It's Monday, you know?
Another break already?
Why are you at it, by the way?
I have to take care of the graph.
I'm going to take care of Drusy.
I'm getting drowsy thinking about Drusy.
What a...
You know, the first time I laid eyes on it, I thought to myself, why?
What is it?
You had a handshake like Bob Neal too.
What is it?
Yeah, real like a dead fish.
Yeah, like a pot...
Like a limped noodle that's been cooked for about five hours.
That's right.
Like pasta that's been cooked and re-cooked and just...
I'll listen and then point it in between the mush.
It was cold and clear.
It was about a limped roasted handshake.
Drusy.
That was another great choice.
Him and me.
Well, there have been so many of them over here, you know?
I'm going to have fun.
I hope everybody else does, too.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
Speaking of people that bug you, if you have termites in your home,
you better call Riddit Pest Control today and get you a free termite inspection.
Because Riddit Pest Control, unlike anybody else in the universe,
uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termite eggs,
100% on contact.
I mean, they're gone faster than you can say flying paste or in the stretch.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tempt your home, which is really an embarrassment for everyone concerned.
No worry in including your neighbors.
No worry about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels for days at a time like some kind of a gypsy.
No worry about food or pets in your home.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, without treating your property, the only thing left behind is the clean scent of oranges for just a few days.
So if you have a termite problem, this is the beginning of the termite season and the hurricane season
and the really hot and humid weather, all go fits in together.
Before they start chewing your house to bits, call Riddit Pest Control right now and find out about their amazing,
exclusive orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs, 100% on contact.
No tenting, no BS, no kidding.
Call right now for free inspection.
There is absolutely no obligation.
1-800-447-4348.
1-800-447-4348.
Don't forget to mention that good old Todd Drak told you to call Riddit Pest Control at 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
For the flagship station.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
4-800-447-4348.
Oh, great job.
That's right, Riddit.
I'll reach you on.
He didn't even turn it out.
He never did the job like that.
Thank you.
Targeted killing surge in Baghdad.
More Iraqi civilians were killed in Baghdad during the first three months of this year than
eight times since the topping of Saudi Hussein's regime.
At least 3,800.
Many of them found hog-tied and shot execution-style.
But a bin of this restrained, electrocuted, stabbed, garrited, or hango-garrited like
a commensa.
Right?
Like look-a-brotse, garrited, or hanged.
Some died in bombings, many more signs of torture such as bruises, drill-a-holes, burn-marks,
gouged eyes, or severed limbs.
Other than that, things are going tremendously well.
That's right.
Freedom is on the mark.
Where the hell's those candy and flour people?
That's the pressure freedom.
Every day about 40 bodies arrive at the central Baghdad.
More gun officials said the numbers demonstrate a shift in the nature of the violence, which increasingly
has targeted both sides of the country's Sunni Shiites' sectarian divide.
Just a little more good news from Iraq.
I'm worried any of the guys know from where we're right.
There was many.
The Southwest Florida, this is a little beastly news.
Okay, Banjo boy group pink, B.M.E.G.
I don't buy that if you value your money unless you're an idiot.
The Southland and the South known at $3.15, I'm finding a $60 trillion lawsuit against Joyce
Fitch just for being a bitch.
I really should have sued them.
You know, sued their ass.
She is going so far above and beyond the call of duty and beyond FCC regulations.
And of course, I got a limperist and weak need attorney there.
Oh, that Joyce!
I guarantee she's a lot butchering he is, which isn't saying much.
By the way, you got your thing signed yet or what?
We're coming along nicely.
No, no, that wasn't the question.
That's not signed because we're working on something.
Well, I'm not saying what does that mean?
It means I don't want to talk about it on the air again.
What do you mean you're working on something?
I thought this was all done now.
I told you all about it.
Why are you acting surprised?
Why are you going to stop?
Why are you going to stop?
I told you all about it last week.
Get it!
What do you mean you're done?
Don't you say I can worry.
Unconcerned and bored by the whole thing when I was telling him off the air about it, Josh.
Who was?
You were telling me anything about it.
I told you all about it twice over and you were falling asleep.
Yeah.
Get it?
Done!
And I told you to forget about bonus money.
We did place that problem by moving yourself.
I'm working on my exit strategy.
Church saw last days this weekend.
Oh.
Oh, geez, we just figured out how to make children read.
Just show this movie and class they'll be running to the library.
Got all mine.
he might be wanting to reach for a book.
And I wanted this fact that just came in
to our chronic regulars.
It says, with the latest weld reserve
tabit against that Joyce pitch,
I looked her up on the Beasley Broadcast group
and altogether different joke internally.
I don't normally do this kind of geeky thing
that I was curious, but I found was a bio
of a woman question mark with a zero.
Let me repeat zero prior experience
and representation of any media company.
That is correct.
She was a general counsel for behavioral services
management group and reading that company,
and I'm not even sure what it is that they do,
but it's not radio that's for sure.
That is correct.
As for her other GC position,
I'd define anyone to read that company's site
and tell me what the hell it is that they do.
And it's for her only private law from experience.
Their website is experiencing technical difficulties, right?
A question why Beasley would hire someone
as a general counsel that had no previous experience
in radio and no obvious credentials regarding legal issues
dealing with the first amendment of the Constitution,
although inexperienced and incompetence do appear
on the Beasley logo or at least they should.
Absolutely correct.
That's banjo boy grouping for you for the uninitiated.
Anyway, here's some Beasley news for that fact
or in anybody else who might care,
not that we really do, but it's the Southwest Florida
classic rocker known as 96 K rock.
I think that's the station I used to have
Steeranon right until he said they get lost
you're not panming.
Rolls out its new daily lineup is Stan and Haney move
from afternoons to mornings in a previous announce move.
Mark Steele continues to have a limited day hours
while veteran air talent and former WAR
W. Washington PD Christie Banks joins WRXK for afternoons.
Now that's a real move up from Washington DC
to Naples Ford Myers.
Banks arise from Chief Channel Classic Rocker,
KZPS and Dallas, longtime station weekend
and Dave Divero finally gets a regular weekday shift
even starting at 7 p.m.
We decided to get music intensive WRXK PD John Roz
tells radio and records after Stan and Haney
the morning were just a big classic rock machine,
not a good machine but a classic I think actually
is a pretty good thing.
No, these used to be.
I've heard it.
When you get over in the West Coast of Florida on your FM
you know if you're driving over or something
that's when you hear some good FM.
When once you get out of South Florida,
when you're in South Florida man it blows, it really blows.
Join WQM today and our White Hot Heat Headquarters
located at Catching Day in Miami on a Lijoon Road
or some people say Lijoon Road and I have no idea
why they say that because they're illiterate.
Just south of the 836 presented by Kettle One vodka.
QA will be there from noon until the final buzzers
sounds with live broadcast from 2 to 4 and 7 to 10
for game one between the heat and the nets.
Oh right.
And Hopper says that's what everybody's all whipped up about.
He is so, it just bothers me.
That's it, Catching Day in Miami home for QAms White Hot
Heat Headquarters.
By the way, nice series for the Marlins
against the Cardinals this weekend.
Yeah, they're doing great.
They are really kicking some serious ass.
Their home losing streak is in double digits now.
What is it, Ten or nothing?
That would be 10.
Ten.
Ten straight home games they've lost.
They keep lying through their teeth about the attendance.
Eight and 21.
San Antonio says, oh, you got a deadline of May 15th.
That's a week from today, by the way.
If you can't tell us one way to do it,
if you're gonna keep courting Hylia
and trying to stay in South Florida,
forget about it because we're not in it.
And of course they were never gonna go there
in the first place.
That's what happens when you deal with people
like Samson and Delilah.
Tour manager for Van, the great White Sens for the Night Club.
Oh, hopefully it's only 29 years old
and then we will be watching all of this
as this has to money takes place.
And those family members can see.
Oh, they haven't got to.
They haven't come up with a sentence yet.
They just, it's going on now.
The sentencing trial.
Let us know when you know something.
Okay, it's like Georgia is contract
because I'm not sending that queen any money
until you get that thing signed,
see over the deliver.
That's the point.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Okay.
I'm not sending that lady a dime
until she gets the damn thing done.
Of course that's your fault.
Yes, what he says is, yes, it is.
Would you be actually a gut and touch with you?
Yeah, no, we're talking.
Everything's great.
We got the email straight now.
He was putting George R on there
for some reason.
Everything's cool now.
He was what?
He had my email wrong.
He was sticking an R on the end of my name.
Oh, I'm tired of hearing it.
You know, that's what happens when he spoke too much
really, really bad cheap pot, you know.
Your brain starts getting fried.
I understand he's got the good stuff.
Yeah, certainly.
He's got the good runaways, right?
Remember Del Shannon run away?
Look at him.
He had Del Shannon.
It was brain job.
1040, 20 before 11.
How's that award-winning schedule look today?
We still are in the revolving door from 2 to 4.
We got fractions in there and they went a rating book
and we still are doing the revolving door from 2 to 4.
When I asked our first-while program director
Clarence this morning, what when something
going to happen, he said, don't hold your breath.
I'm paraphrasing a little bit from that what he said.
He said, hold your breath, Neil.
I'll tell you when to let it out.
Yeah, when to exhale.
17 weeks from a circus, we might finally get off the dime.
Oh, I'm telling you, man, after I found that low,
so don't find another one.
Because we're being sabotaged, we've been infiltrated.
Like today, the Earth stood still.
Invaders from outer space or invaders from across the street
are on our payroll.
Deep-sixing, sabotaging the radio station
and doing everything they can.
Just like, it's got to be a Joe Feinberg thing.
Remember he said, do everything in his power to hurt us?
Right.
Except, of course, get ratings over there.
Boy, there, oh my god, those numbers they had.
I was there, might be committing suicide.
I'd be committing sausages right now.
Wouldn't you?
Well, or something.
Yeah, I'd be doing it on the street screaming
and yelling, my god, doesn't anybody care about the crap
we got on, of course, the answer is no.
Now, nobody cares.
Hey, finally, a TV experience like no other, believe me.
Comcast digital cable with on-demand is easy to use
and has lots to love.
And today, you can track for only 34, 99 a month for three months.
Why is TV so much better with on-demand?
Well, I'm so glad you asked.
For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies
and shows whenever you want.
But I don't want me to forget to tell about that movie.
I saw PS with Laura Linnie.
OK.
And what's his name?
Tronch, Matt Sammer.
Who?
October Grace.
I never liked him before.
And he's OK.
We took a shirt off our life and better.
Anyway, this is a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
I demand his library of thousands of programs
ready to start when you say so.
With programming, including free movies, kid shows, music
videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows,
guitar lessons, and so much more, you'll always have something
good to watch right when you want to watch it.
And don't forget about control.
With on-demand, you can start.
Stop.
Pause.
Rewind and fast forward programs using that remote.
You're sure his health can't get all this with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on-demand,
you can build your own TV schedule who could possibly
axe for more.
And best of all, on-demand is free with Comcast
and digital cable.
So pick your showtime, sit back and you
wonder how you ever managed to get along without it for so long.
Call today order Comcast Digital cable and HBO
with the power of on-demand for just $34.99 a month
for three months.
And they call 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast.
But this is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 a.m.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
And I'm going to have a chance with Comcast Digital.
May be that's where Kurt Cobain was.
And I'm moving that you watched in the last days.
Maybe it was up a tree.
OK, that would have been something.
Yeah.
Chris is kind of hard to climb on a tree when you got that big
parke on.
Right.
Can you explain to me why he kept putting the park on every time he ran outside?
Well, that's kind of silly. I presume that there were like in Washington state or something like that
Yeah, and so it was cold a little chilly out there
Maybe that's why we kept watching leaves blowing around that that bothered him cuz he's like that
Clean though where we just watch
Hey, they were they were all good
But the scene where they're showing the front of the house and he went around inside didn't it seem like that went on for about 16 hours
The whole movie seemed like it went on for like
They had lots of opportunities now. We'll say this the you know when the phone book guy came to the door and the and the Mormons
Yeah, they came at least that counted as something happening in the movie
So it was right that was kind of interesting and then there was the rest of it
Which is the whole movie. Yeah, which is it just
78 votes on our poll today other than Bush and Cheney. I mean, I would have been easy to do that
Other than those two clowns those Nazis which government types government the type people you mistrust the most
678. They're all crooks 290. I'll buy that Don Rumsfeld 157 Donald Hermongering Rumsfeld
157 Jeb Bush. He got my vote 78. He's always got Devious plans. He's a crook
He's a piece of turd and I hate him like poison. He's a fat ass Hillary Clinton 58
Condo Lisa 47 and then it's way a big drop off after that. You wonder why why because they don't know who well
I guess they know who they are Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez 14 your attorney general evil. Yeah, very evil
I hate this full 12 John McCain 12 see I'm worried about him because he's got the public snowed man
They really think he's like a moderate. They're really they're showing all these surveys and everyone has quite the opposite
Impression of what he really is. Yeah, they think he's a moderate
That's right. Yeah, they don't have a clue and John Negro Ponte
No, a Negropon a 10 and he should be much better the butcher of the Honduras. He should be much higher
He is a real evil doorman and of course they know who the hell he is. That's the bolt-headed Nazi
I was speaking to that bit I displayed Rolling Stone guitarist Keith Richards had surgery leave a blood
Con in his brain caused by an accident while how they in Fiji local media reports today the 62-year-old
Alpha Cocker Walker was recovering in New Zealand after brain surgery
Well, I'll tell you they must have to get a search party to find that thing a
Spokesman for the band said last week that Richards only suffered a mild concussion from an accident in Fiji and lady
Fow wouldn't require surgery the news even Harold reported that Richards underwent brains her jury leave a
subdural hematoma or blood caught in the brain the operation normally involves drilling a hole through the scalded
Raina clot subdural hematoma can be caused by mild knocks to the head
The hero that of course is the the not that's Australian not the Miami-Herald got for bit
Understands the 62-year-old's condition was much more serious than previously reported said the newspaper
But didn't quote any hospital medical officials
They just heard it to the grapevine the operation was for a subdural hematoma blood clapped at forms in the outer membranes of the brain
Often from a torn vein the heral set Australian broadcasting corporate
You also reported that Richards had undergone surgery and remained in New Zealand under observation
He's still down under
Offland's mascot hospital for the largest today the Richards have been discharged. We'll give no
For the details. They're still observing
Not something where there's no sense there's no feeling well
He may be a little bit fried after all these days
Yeah, after all those drugs George can tell you what just like a norm and there's a good example for you
Had the wrong email address my ass, you know what?
What a and then he's making all kinds of accusations and you didn't call us off of what about those messages?
Huh that he had the wrong message to it's a hard to get good help these days. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, baloney. Hey, don't go rip him a good friend norm screw her after he told me all that stuff about Joyce
Did he really yeah, he did? Yeah, what's he doing?
I got it. Look he could tell you all he wants what is he doing about it? That's what I would like to know before I send him anymore money
What is he doing about that bitch? I don't know he's got a voodoo don't w.k.y.m
Hello
Okay, first caller we can never it is again same old stuff. That's why I got a big pile here today
I'm just not I'm just not all that anxious here the same old losers the same old I have no life crowd
George's there is George's that mr. Reverend fade out. I have no life prosack wrong. Yeah, I'm really
Territory crap with these people man. Yeah, that that guy too never gets out of here anyway
I think him and the chamba guy I don't like you'll look good God is there anybody out there with anything
significant anything even
somewhat meaningful to say an expression of life I think South Florida is just like that R.E.M
Song that video imitation of life. I think that that's perfect. That's where they should have
Vity did right there South Florida imitation of life W.D. Q.A. M. Hello
Okay, there you go. I mean yeah, by the way, I hope you had good news Thursday and Friday
He was a no show I guess in two days two days
Now you know you was the three days are you marching or something? No, no
Tony man, they got him hooked up like in the cook who's nice. Oh, I'll go
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave a rise and sing it or wireless line come on
Let's get these bastards off their ass today for Christ's sake. What is your story?
They're busy after panhandling on the street corner sitting fill up their tank with gas
Thanks a lot Mr. President you jackass you not see bastard you man you best start a row
701 votes you think we'll make a thousand today. I'm if we do that's quite an accomplishment. Oh
I don't know this poll is I didn't like it. You like it? Oh, we've done very similar polls in the past
So yeah, I think they'll they'll like it. I think they'll do it. They like it. I think they do. Oh, maybe Mike
He likes it. He likes it. I think I got TMJ because my dentist told me I grind my teeth
In fact, all my dentist told me that in my sleep I grind my teeth because you have like a mouth guard or something
I actually I did have one, but then I tossed it out
I never use it because when I would put it in there you feel like you're gonna choke on it
But sure, yeah, you don't want anything in your mouth while you're sleeping. That's for Dan sure
Choke you why you're awake, but now why you're asleep?
Gagging on it. So no, my in fact this dentist suggested that I don't know if you think that that has something to do with my
My neck and the shoulder it might but I'm no doctor. Why that yeah look that that even that's an even better recommendation for that
You're not no doctor. I mean does your jaw hurt a little bit
You can always try something, but and I know what the doctors are gonna say they're gonna say here put this in your mouth
Why you I did get deep cold though, which is the closest thing I could find to mineralize
It's exactly the same blue stuff man. You shmir it's good stuff
It's mineralized deep cold pharmacist recommended number one
No more ono baby ice pain relief. All of a good thing is my ears opened up
I had a loose so I can hear these calls real loud and queer today all these really good calls we're gonna get WQ a.m
Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Okay, yes sir. Yes, I heal. Yeah, hey
Did you know this is probably old news, but did you see the even cold bear thing on see spanned the old news
Well at least he knew old news don't know to love when they say I know it's probably old news
I know you probably already had that in fact the next story in my pile less pain cold bear shows me
Who's boss from news day? I'm gonna read that when we come back?
It's all they care about is Steven Colbert. That's all they know we had over 900 reads on that story on our website
You know and probably thinking oh you should be happy about that. No, I'm sad about that because that's all they know from
You know that's all they know I'm not not can Steven Colbert although it's really interesting
Yes, they in that panel of losers they head on there to Chris Matthews that horrible show
He's got on CNBC with that sell those self-hating faggots on there like Andrew Sullivan and Laura ingram and they say well
You know Steven Colbert bombed on
That roast and of course all the articles now have to look at the obligatory well
He bombed in front of the audience, but around the rest of the world
Right, I was the greatest things since sliced bread. Yeah, that crowd acted like like yeah
They'll like somebody exactly that's right just like a crime when rums feel like
Tainted right wing Bible thumping boarding and hypocrites pill popping out a holes were like oh get those people out of you
You know like that
Ray McCoverne was there man. He let him have a good nice go on Ray. He's my hero Ray McCoverne former CIA guy
And by the way, he wait well, I even said why don't he even said what what does it have to do with the important things that are going on in the world
Today like Shaq right me Shaq to bend to go and there's Mrs. Alimbaugh
God who you get not oh god, I sure hope she hasn't had to see it
This is the new Roger show
Oh
They stay down there
I must admit that's what I want to hear
Down there wonder if the Mexicans will stay down there
For me
Mexico blows baby make no mistake about that
It's 11.01 at 5.60. You know, I never did give the rest of the lineup today and probably just as well
We got Kimba Bull Campa with two mad dog four to seven three solid hours of the mad dog
Perikian hotline is seven Curtis in the beast eight to ten uh ed Kaplan 10 35 to two now
What's happening between 10 and 10 35?
Huh on my schedule it says eight to ten Curtis in the beast all right then it says 10 35 to two ed Kaplan
What we doing we need to transmit our maintenance? That's gonna be a free for all
Open mic night
Pretty sad and it is a matter of fact that two to four situation
We got bo day and tomorrow and then the rest of the week. Let's see Wednesday Thursday Thursday. I
Wednesday and Thursday we got
That and Friday we got Curtis because we got for the mad dog between four. Oh no mad dog Thursday Friday
Joseph Gackie Thursday. Oh my god. What that was that that a facts coming. That's facts covered
Oh, well, I better get that cool beer stuff on my right away first
Although the facts is a pit percolate and then puking off my machine mod
736 votes on the pool keep popping on it. There's Michael Haydman if anybody ever he looks like
What's his name from Hogan's heroes? What's his name? Which one? We're gonna run climper. Oh, curl clean
Turnle clink he looks like he belongs in the clink. You might mention my name to rights master Gary. Exactly
Or Rumsfeld with everyone you can find look at the size of the print. Look at that. I know
I put my phone in the track on Saturday he decided to play Georgia's pick and I played your picks my dad went up 300 bucks
I'm down 67 where do I send the build for you to refund me the money? Oh yeah
A full of more important part is okay. What am I getting in my half in addition to which let me say they always George is
10% for the 300 of anyone and as far as I'm concerned at least I'm the honest one it tells you I know nothing about it
I don't follow through but racing it's for the birds
10% that'll pay my gas one way
It's longer for them to load the horses into the gate than to run the race anything like that
Where you sit in and watching for 25 30 minutes reading the form and there's nothing going on
There's no horses warming up. There's nothing going on man thoroughbred racing blows
Hardest racing the horses warm up three miles before they even race did you know that yeah from our three times
They warm up each time a mile three miles before they even race the mile and then if they actually ran it be interesting
What does that mean? Well, you know they kind of walk around the track. They don't walk
They're not walking as a matter of fact if you know anything about racing
I do you realize that you realize that the
Pacers now go a mile almost as fast as the so-called runners if I knew I did
I've been a hundred horses and you see a little jockey on their back like those dogs used to have actually written horses
And and so I know all about their canters the trotting and all that
Yeah, you start with that juice stuff again. I always do. Oh, there's that in a man that's in a John Negril potty
You look at him. Hey, it's nominating you see fascism all over the place man
This is an evil evil doer man John Negril potty
Oh brother. He is the he's the real evil doer just the butcher of the Honduras
Anyway, let's paint a new day writes have the Washington media harness themselves too closely the president George W
Bush this odd coupling appears to have taken a tethered skydive out of the plane flown by comedian Steven Kohlbeer at the
recent White House correspondence dinner
The Comedy Central hosted the Kohlbeer report with the featured entertainer with the Washington affair where
7200 journalist sheriff sary evening an airplane hanger of a ballroom on a date
Not with a significant other, but with the news source
Cloistered justices of the Supreme Court have been owned within this journalist sware
Along with ambassadors spies industriless cabinet members admirals high clergy major generals and members of Congress along with their lobbyists
In recent years this gathering has been salted with Hollywood actors marquee athletes and celebrities of all stripes
The sitting US president and the first lady always attend this annual spring ritual
So that the moved and shaken of the media can preem before the truly powerful after being shot in March 30th
1981 a recuperating Ronald Reagan telephone is regressed to the dinner this likely marked an uptick in Reagan's press cover coverage
No one remembers a single line from the comedian who performed at the 81 dinner
But this year Steven Kohlbeer shattered the tradition of comedic politeness
I attended the 81 dinner the Washington elite was stunned by its lily whiteness among the 24-hundred power diners
There were eight African Americans including the news day national editor from New York
The perennial heard in Jordan and got away knows why boxer Floyd Patterson perhaps I should state here
I did not attend this year's dinner
The Kohlbeer transcripts lie c-span performances as a side splitter instead of rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic
He has this soaring bush void house rearranging the lectures on a Hindenburg the humor
However, collapse like the dirigible on the live dinner audience hence
I must part company with my colleagues some of whom went petty one DC calmness
Neo Kohlbeer for a mixed metaphor the performance before the president was hilarious
It was also courageous sadly I moved the hazard against this to why the attending journalists didn't dare permit themselves to laugh at Kohlbeer in public
First let's stipulate that the Republicans at the dinner didn't laugh because they were the butts of the jokes
Kohlbeer for example suggested in the now to the vice president
Someone shoot me in the face
He steamrolled the Bush administration letting up occasionally with the touch of dead-on comedy comedic irony
If anybody needs anything else at their table speaks slowly and thoroughly into your table numbers
Somebody from the NSA will be right over with a cocktail
Next we have to accept that Kohlbeer is with his Comedy Central cohort John Stewart
Is become something of a rival to television newscasters a growing number of young Americans for worse not better granted
Depend on this duo for their news in pursuit of this audience
Politicians and other newsmakers hold their noses and submit to guest appearances on Kohlbeer's show
Daniel Ellsberg who leaked the Pentagon papers to the press 1971
So he preferred appearing on Comedy Central shows because the mainstream media news media simply run a handouts from the Bush White House these days
Kohlbeer level Ellsberg charged directly if Fox News at the dinner and slightly praised news
Press coverage of the NSA wiretapping and secret US prisons at Eastern Europe then a venomous attack on the media
Kohlbeer dismissed them as mere stenographers who take down fiction from the president and pass it off his facts
Kohlbeer was no laughing matter to the Washington press corps in a delicious touch of irony
He later said on this TV show that if you're doing Washington audience practically carried me out on their shoulders
Even though I wasn't ready to go
During the evening of frivolity Kohlbeer's biting wit lands the elicit relationship between the media and those they are charged to cover
Bush has sunk beneath the possibility of satire the media must be careful not to stumble beyond the reach of irony
Well said there less
The less said the better
753 votes on our poll will make that thousand I think I'd be thinking it's only 1108
Other than Bush and Cheney which government official you will mistrust the most
753 other I'm telling you man side by each those two Nazis there. Do you see that wow?
That's it they're all crooks 325 Donald Russell 172 by the way that Porta Misha Goss
sure if he wasn't playing hooker a hookie a hooker huh with what's his name
The dude oh
Jet bush 86 fat ass jib your fat ass governor a real evil doer if there ever was one
Never forget that they at the Marlin game
Turned around his his one of his buddies one of his aides to us the whisper is here
There is that a whole meal Roger and he turned around and gave me a look and I just gave him back the same evil look like you fat
As lying turd you that's before he was governor by the way
Hillary Clinton 66 kind of leaser 54 Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez 50 and I hate this poll 13 John Negro party on virtually every
imaginable topic
13 and John McCain 12
763
56705 60 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line anybody after we'd like to apply to do two to four on our
Station every day on a regular basis as opposed to this these shenanigans we got this
Porta Misha Goss we have going on right now. I'm the guys of a format
Somebody q.a.m. Hello
Q.a.m. Neil God. Yes, sir
Just a follow up on that co-bear piece. I did uh, I watched the video I found it on the internet
I don't know if you've seen it or not, but the look on bushes face during that thing is like laser eyes
Mm-hmm. It was outstanding. I hope you get a chance to watch. I'm surprised the understudent
I think he's really clearly you know I said that your piece in again
Maybe they were interpreting a forum explain what was going on the best part at the end was the video that he made with that journalist
Where she was following them all over DC
But the it was his um his tryout for to be a press secretary and he was just rippant snow and ass nice going to arrest even
Thanks, Neil. Thank you
Go on stevy boy
567.0560 what are we going to do about the normal can't and about your friend Joyce and don't tell me you got a wonderful relationship now
I'll tell the next five minutes until he gets that check and then I'll be back to normal
I can't go to be getting that check next five or okay back until something really happens until I lost who this filed in federal court
Against Joyce and the banjo boys who are pink. Yeah for like 80-considian dollars man
I want to testify whoever whoever heard
I guess it would be the first time in history, but it's a little bit unusual to be working for people who are doing everything in their power to make sure that you fail
Right
Well, what kind of a michigan is that?
Joyce
WQ a.m. Hello
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir
Rare that I haven't heard anybody comment on what a great Mexican weekend we had with Golden Boy and some Bob our old
You want to translate that one? He left that speedy Gonzalez. Oh, yeah, that would be the Oscar Delahoya boxing match
You thought I didn't participate. I had no interest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't participate in the boxing match
And I didn't know interest just like this the same thing
The only reason I even looked at the Kentucky Derby field is because Dave calls in every year
We have to we have the ability to do everything where we have to pretend we know something and Dave knows that I don't fall
What I don't care about in fact even brought up the harness raising
Joe Mars junior Dave
Watch out for those polka dots. It might not be in Joe. It might be Ray Krunk
Or it might be Jeff Fout when it doubt look out for Jeff Fout
Probably it's after 11 at the siloedered bounds
Let's do the show from siloedered bounds in Columbus, Ohio
Then remember can come over and you can take him to lunch. Oh boy
777 on the pole baby look out. It's the
777 ever flew on a 777. They're fly flew on it. No, I did
To Montreal. I was a plane that was going on to Europe. Obviously
So from here to Montreal boy that is some that is some aircraft boy
This is a beautiful thing one of these days when you when it once when you get that new raise you start becoming world traveler
That's right once Norma gets you that new deal
If you love voting just about everybody in South Florida is in the same boat
But if you ever thought about buying a boat don't make that mistake call club not a cool instead do the smart thing
Rent call one 800 boat rent right now
Why would anybody in their right mind unless they're a billionaire want to pay the expenses of owning a boat when you can rent one totally
Hancel free and a very affordable price too join the club club not a co call one 800 boat rent
You'll be amazed just how easy to make the whole deal for you
There are no docking costs no expensive upkeep no insurance or no hurricane preparation
Keep that in mind with the boat from club not a co it's totally stress free and really affordable too
Call one 800 boat rent no getting the boat ready because club not a co does it for you and no cleaning up either
A club not a co just hop on your boat and go when you're done put with the docket often leave
And set simply do all the rest for you club not a co call one 800 boat rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small boats to yacht
Charters it's club not a co call one 800 boat rent with club not a co till or plan to fit your needs and your budget
Get on the water today the smart way by calling club not a co at one 800 boat rent
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69
right so
you
The
Fairy Fonds on Dow is Lee, look just like a man at sea, ways more than a bear that he's tiny down there. He's such a sight to see.
Fairy's rid, the lame with bummer, like the incredible Hulk he's got massive deltoid from all of the steroids, but Hulk he does his song.
Can't hit the home run, his headways a ton, is he all done?
He gave lots of dope, the guys at Melco says can say go.
Fairy Fonds on Dow is Lee, look just like a man at sea, he's got elephant phones from human world hormones and he's got a funny.
He's got a funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
funny, funny, funny, funny,
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Oh?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
is misuse, I like that.
Well, that's not right.
Cell phone misuse.
I don't know.
Whatever.
We don't want to abuse.
OK.
It's like spank your cell phone too hard.
And it makes these sounds like that.
Ooh, I like that.
Where the heck will come from?
We hit it at the same time.
Are you serious?
Oh, no.
Facing it at its pace.
That was like a man.
Never wholly.
That's the only.
Wow.
I was like in stereo.
Take talk loud on the red eye flight.
Oh, yeah.
Sarah, how to say that.
I'm always very nervous about that,
because I never can sleep on a plane when they turn over.
After they fade, you're 75 times
when you fly into your upper back.
I thought any bothering people while they're trying to sleep.
Bothering people while they're trying to sleep?
Yeah, I mean, you know, a little bit.
Are we going to start putting paragraphs on the polls now?
Or what?
I know what I'm trying to say, just, you know,
we can shorten it up somehow.
I mean, you don't live with people anymore,
but I'm sure that when you did, that that happened.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, and it's rude.
And people know the end sleeping in the other room.
And they're jamming the stereo and talking loud
and they're blurring the TV like, you know, being loud
while people are trying to sleep.
Yeah, people are sleeping.
I don't like, well, whatever I can do.
If you could shorten it up, that's fine,
but I evidently not.
So being loud while people are sleeping.
OK, I thought you said you had one.
Was that the one?
Oh, no, no, cutting in line.
Whether it's cutting in line, whether it's at the supermarket
or in terms of immigration.
Cutting in line.
Yeah, that's going to get a lot of oaths.
Yeah, I love that one.
Good choice there, George.
And like my favorite is, when you go to the supermarket
and somebody standing in front of you in line with nothing
and then you think that there's no problem.
Like, pardon in public, yeah, you think they're going to get
a magazine or something like that?
No, they're just holding the line for their partner
who has the cart overflowing with stuff
that's going to cut in front of you.
Yeah.
Oh, and so speaking of that, whatever the hell I wanted
it was, too bit's back.
Paramount pictures and its leading star, Tom Cruise,
failed to live up to expectations this weekend
when Mission Impossible 3 opened to weak numbers.
Oh, yeah.
At the domestic fossil office despite a barrage of public
appearances by Mr. Cruz to promote the film.
May Tommy.
You fair, Rick.
Well, you cannot kidn't anybody in Moe.
The poor opening followed nearly a year of public mocking
of Mr. Cruz, Hollywood's most reliable star
and the centerpiece of Paramount's biggest franchise
across the pop culture landscape by internet bloggers
and late night comedians and constantly on tabloid covers
after his public over the top wooing of actress Katie Holmes
and his outspoken remarks against psychiatry
and anti-depressant medications the last year.
You're not fooling anybody anymore, Tom,
made that whole Scientology thing, you know?
Because everybody saw that stop-park episode
where their eyes are k-like they were not too bad,
that they didn't, they ought to.
They ought to.
Over and over again.
I didn't know that Oprah had the talking.
Back to him.
I know she talked through it many times.
He'd be surprised if I could talk.
Opening in 4,000 plus theaters,
Mission Impossible 3 had estimated ticket sales
of $48 million for the weekend,
almost $10 million less than the second mission impossible movie
in 2000.
See to me, I didn't have a lot of stinium.
So it's just like the Kentucky Derby,
I can just bust people's balls, I didn't watch the race.
But to say, to me Mission Impossible is the TV show.
Just like Batman.
Yeah.
I did see a couple of the Batman movies
and very disappointed because they had nothing to do
with Batman.
There's a Batman movie from about 1970 that's two hours of,
in fact it was on the other day on my cable.
And they had all the evil doers were on a submarine.
See it many times.
Yeah, penguins on there and the riddler and the diddler
and the Joker and they're all on there together.
And Robin's got his knickers and his tights too.
I mean, that's Batman.
So Mission Impossible is with Peter Graves
and what's your name?
Barbara Bain and her former husband, Martin Landau.
And Greg Morris.
And the other big goofy guy was like sliced alone.
What was his name?
I think he's dead.
Oh, I don't know.
Based on market research, the film had been expected
to reach about 65 million, but only 48 million.
Pretty weak Tom A. Pretty, pretty weak.
Many in Hollywood have been watching expectantly
to see if the negative publicity surrounding Miss Cruz
would have it affected the box office.
And this weekend it appeared as if it had.
Good.
Top on that couch one more time.
You jackass.
You failed.
Paramount reported that Mission Impossible
three took an 118 million worldwide and 55 countries
doing well in a Jelad in America and Britain
and poorly in Germany, Austria and Switzerland,
where there's public opposition to Mr. Cruz
is championing of his religion, Scientology.
Oh, no wonder I liked Germany so much.
And Switzerland, maybe the Spites.
Maybe that's where it's at.
What do you like better?
Spites or sprites?
Spites?
But Paramount said Mr. Cruz's public image
didn't hurt the film.
I don't believe that this is a factor about that.
Yeah, wherever.
Others disagreed noting Mr. Cruz personally
spearheaded the marketing campaign.
He visited many countries and rapid succession
out of the opening, going to Rome, Paris, London,
Mexico city, and on Friday attended four different
premieres in Manhattan, the Lone Traveling
by helicopter, fire truck, SUV, and a whole bunch
of other crap and a promotional blitz across the city,
even in a boat.
The only X factor here is Tom Cruz at Paul Dergharbidian
present in the exhibit of relations.
Okay, screw him.
Now, there's a guy.
We've done that pull before.
Somebody used to like him how you can't stand.
He's definitely one of them.
Uh-huh.
Cannot stand him.
God, he just gives me spilkeys.
I wouldn't watch a movie he was in,
even the old ones.
The only movie I would watch was losing it.
And I'd pretend he wasn't out.
I like the board on the fourth of July still.
No, that's a good movie.
No, he and Rainman was a great movie.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not saying they never made any good movie.
Oh, he can be a good actor.
He just personally is just so,
plus, you know, something he's always the same.
Mm-hmm.
He's like the Spencer Tracy of this era.
He's always Tom Cruise playing Tom Cruise.
And the best example of that is Rainman.
It's basically Tom Cruise and I returned at Dustin Hoffman
is what it is.
A good movie though.
And of course, a lot of it centers around Las Vegas
and came Martin since the night.
Too bad they weren't at Walmart.
He could have said Walmart sucks.
Yeah, that is good.
I guarantee you, if he would have said Walmart sucks today
and they showed that movie, they'd get a standing ovation.
I'd stand up and cheer.
I'd be raising fingers all over the place.
1143, 17 go noon at QAM.
So we got that pool on root things people do.
We could also add some crap on there if we want.
During this show today, or not, we can wait till tomorrow.
We still have today.
We got plenty of fish to fry.
You know what?
I can almost smell them right now.
Smell like catfish.
Why do people eat catfish?
Catfish spend all their time at the bottom of the,
so they should be lobster.
That crab.
And Grupper, I know.
Yeah.
And what else?
Grupper.
Who eats Grupper?
I do.
Oh my God.
Gary Sarner is going to come in.
That makes it.
That's trife, probably.
And you probably put butter on it and bacon.
Oh, what's better than staying cool and comfortable?
All summer long in the sweatbox known to South Florida.
But it's not easy, whether your AC goes out.
How about getting you an instant $1,200 cool cash
rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five star edition of the Carrier and Fennelty System?
And you can get this fabulous system
from our good friends at Royce Air and Heat,
where they've been taking care of track County area families
for three long generations now.
So these are obviously people who you can trust.
As the carrier factory authorized,
the DeRoyce guarantees are 100% satisfaction.
And the guarantee is backed by Carrier,
the people who invented air conditioning in the first place
have now invented the Carrier and Fennelty System.
This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check
and then adjusted itself from maximum efficiency.
And speaking of that, to maintain maximum efficiency
on your current air conditioning system,
be sure to do the smart thing.
And that is to join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club.
To us here, they inspect and tune up your system.
And if they have any kind of a problem at all with your AC,
you'll enjoy a priority same day service
and 10% off on any of the repairs too.
All of these things, just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two speed and fitness system
of Puran or peace of mind with the Comfort Club,
either way, make the smart choice, the Royce Choice,
ROYCE, Royce Air and Heat Comfort free
is they cool all your law, it's quite a deed.
1-800-377-0075, that's 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8-8-8-8.
Neil Rogers, God.
Oh, gentlemen, speak up.
I don't know what we can prompt.
I have my word.
When this is rocket set to airport,
it's gotta be the dog trouble with the cops
because it's not the cop.
When this trouble at the air lounge,
it's gotta be the dog throwing stuff to cops,
fighting off the cops.
When your fight is delayed,
it's gotta be the dog getting mad at cops,
doesn't stop the cop.
At the police on my case, he just wanted first class
and the next thing that you know,
the arrested cop, eh?
You're doing this, man.
Someone wants to air this unit to begin.
To the...
Wait, he, he, he a poet and he don't know it.
How do you like that?
It's 11 before noon in QA,
and we got the bulk out of 2-4,
which a little relief from that.
I'm gonna say a few octaves of lower.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Oh, sorry, Ron.
Fuck you.
Yeah, I'm gonna be fine.
Ah.
Right.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Ron Goofall.
Q-A-M.
Good morning.
How are you today?
Okay.
I was wondering if I could make a request
for one of your satire's that I enjoy, please.
Answer me not.
No.
Let's see, here's the facts that are from what?
It was awfully polite about it, though.
And I guess I wasn't, huh?
Well, no, it's not an only question.
I hate it with an honest answer.
The answer is absolutely positive to the way he's put it in.
Well, I gotta show I got going on here.
And we're not gonna just stop there.
We're not doing a request today, okay?
That's when George is on this summer.
He'll do that every day.
Yeah.
Right.
863 votes on a poll.
Let's see who they hate like poise now.
Other than Bush and Cheney,
who do you think is the biggest?
Who do you mistrust the most?
The biggest schmuck.
They're all crooks.
367.
Keep people healthy and fed with them.
Donald Rumsfeld, 197.
Jet Bush, oh man, 102, fat ass governor.
What's he gonna do after is this term expires?
But probably Charlie Christ.
Do fairy.
When's he coming out?
It's gonna be the next dictator, though, you know?
Oh, guess who came out finally?
Jeff Ganon Guckard came out.
I got that story.
Oh.
You know, like a big surprise.
That would be like Miss Fudge coming out.
Hillary Clinton, 72.
Condoleezza, 52.
Alberto Vio, 5 Gonzalo, 17.
John McCain, 17.
I hate this poll, 15.
And Johnny Gropanti, only 14.
Because they have no idea who that is.
Bald-headed Nazi.
Colonel Kling.
He belongs in a Kling.
Anyway, somebody faxes and says, mission impossible.
The big guy was Peter Lupus.
You're absolutely correct.
Remember him?
I got the disease.
And the original team leader before Gray, who's later played the D.N.
Law and Orders, his tally.
Well, tally, thanks, tally.
How do you like that?
Hi, tally.
Thank you so much.
Peter Lupus.
So I guess we got him all, right?
No, we didn't get him all.
There was one other guy.
I was gonna not cheat.
Uh-oh.
There was one other one we left out.
Martin Landau, Greg Morris, Barbara Bane, Peter Lupus, Peter Graves.
I'm almost tempted to play the theme now.
I'm so whipped up about this.
I love that.
I love the theme, and I love that show.
It was a great show.
And the idea that Tom Cruise somehow has got anything to do with the real mission impossible
is so loody-cris.
You know?
Loody-cris.
Loody-cris.
There it is.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, what weird version of this.
Oh, I don't like it.
I got several of that.
Oh, this is the movie version.
So, sorry.
That's all I got handy.
I'll find you out of line.
You know, this computer's so slow.
Why would you do this computer?
Well, that's where I'm playing these theme songs.
Oh, really?
Yes, I do.
Oh, hey.
I watched them.
Well, I could probably find one here.
Oh, wow.
I like your original one.
You can play it with the clutches you get.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Okay, that's enough.
So anyway, like I said, I wouldn't watch them.
Well, he's even if Tom Cruise is warden and, you know, all of them are probably going to be
makes of TV shows because they generally like be wished.
I didn't see that.
I read that it was a piece of crap.
Oh, it was brutal.
I didn't even see it.
The monsters.
I read that it was a piece of garbage.
They read it, monsters.
Was it the monsters?
No, not the monster.
It was the other one.
The Adam's Story.
I'm sorry.
For a book.
I never liked a TV show anyway.
You liked the TV show, the Adam's Story?
Yeah, it was all right.
You read.
Lurch.
Yeah.
And then, of course, the monsters was your buddy.
You're looking for glory holes.
Yeah.
You have a 79 votes.
I'm going to pull them out and get with it.
We're going to do that one tomorrow.
The rudest thing people do.
Maybe some people will call in.
How about burping out?
You know, the Dutch.
They do that without any guilty conscience.
Yeah.
I don't care.
As long as I'm not like downwind of a real greasy garlic belt or something.
No, they don't care.
They, uh, they belt silver.
In fact, I think maybe that's like an integral comment.
Like, boy, this meal was sure good.
You know, like that.
Speaking of that.
Israel's Mossad Secret Service Agency killed a Palestinian wanted her airplane hijackings by feeding him poison bells in chocolate over six months in the late seventies.
According to a new book, the office had Saturday.
All right.
And as soon as I saw the headline, I thought to myself, one name came to mind.
You know, who it was?
Uh, what's his name in the Godfather?
No.
Oh, you're thinking of Eli Waller?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's no.
Yes, sir.
I'm a fart.
Oh, you have the slow poison.
It was great.
And interestingly enough, when you get to the mystery, it talks about that.
The book striking back is apparently the first time the details of the killing of coming to light and providing glimpse.
And how sophisticated Israel is it poisoning?
So if Shia Levy is he still there?
By the way, I think he's gone.
No, he's here.
He's still there.
Where does he work?
And he's not in the morning anymore.
No, he, uh, he does updates.
And he's the marvelous reporter.
He offers you any food if the game's random.
I'll say, I'm sorry, I'm kosher.
Right.
In his book author, Aaron Klein describes how Israel tracked down Wadiah Hadad, a, an operator for the popular front for liberation of Palestine.
Not to be confused with the not so popular front for the, uh, that's that money Python thing just interacts with people's further Judea.
Right.
In Baghdad, Hadad had gone into hiding in the Iraqi capital.
If there's a big killing Palestinian militants around the world, Klein told us your radio suspected in multiple hijackings including the 76 takeover in Air France, Airplane and, and Teddy Uganda.
Hadad knew from the Israel attack.
This study could be shot or bombed as he walked the street or even picked up a phone.
Just like in a movie with Rob Low, hold on step on the break.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Hadad was cautious as every move avoiding travel outside of Iraq said Klein, a time magazine correspondent in Jerusalem, but the 309 pound food lover had a weakness.
Chocolate Ray Nagan was on to him and banged at it in 77.
Luxuries like fine chocolates were rare.
Through a Palestinian working with him, Assad would have gotten close to Hadad.
The agency was able to feed him chocolate, brought for Belgium and spread with poison over six months.
He died in March 78, showing only signs of leukemia, but no signs of poisoning.
How do you like that?
Since the death of Yasser Amafar in late 2004, rumors of swirled in the Arab world at the long time Palestinian leader was poisoned by Israel.
I don't think there's any doubt.
Klein said there's no evidence that Israel killed.
Arafat would take years to prove that poisoning took place because of Israel sophistication.
Arafat died in the Paris hospital in 2004, but Massachusetts stroked it for a sudden deterioration in his health, unexplained.
Medical records have been inconclusive about the cause of that leading some Palestinians to implicate Israel.
Klein's book recently came out in Israel in Hebrew.
Barul Khatah, Donita Chocolate, it's trade, etc.
I like that.
I like the name of the book.
So the Israelis are poisoning people.
Nothing worse than what's always that?
What?
Do you hear something?
I thought tapping on my door.
I'm sitting here on my underwear.
That would not be good.
It would be a nasty sight.
It's 1157 at 560 WDQM.
Hey, being outdoors a lot means you've got to take good care of your tussies.
You've got to be doing a lot of wall-sitter around all over town.
Like that guy in Kuukuznest remember he was always wall-sitter around?
Yes he was.
I loved him.
What was his name?
He had an ankle.
Oh.
Anyway, the only place to take your feet to make sure they get properly taken care of is Brandi Shuz and Pompeo Beach.
Brandi scaries all your top brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppies,
New Balance and lots of other name brands and all sizes for men and women.
They even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes.
Brandi Shuz is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida.
When you see this slice in value you get, you know what I've been telling you for years.
This is the only place to take those feet.
Go see everybody Arnie.
He'll make sure you always get the right fitting shoes at the right price too.
And all like those department stores where for everyone ever you will,
wait to get waited on and then they finally do wait on you and whatever style you pick out.
Sorry, mister, don't have that in your size or man.
Do you want anything they do at Brandi Shuz?
They don't worry about size, selection, service or price.
They're absolutely unbeatable all the time.
Brandi Shuz at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompeo Beach.
You'll find them right between Atlantic and Copen's on the East Side, can't miss it.
Open Monday through Saturdays till 9, every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a stupendous, a smart time to buy Floreshime shoes at Brandi's.
Take 10 to 30 bucks off on selected men's Floreshime shoes this week.
So be sure to get your fat ass into Brandi's and shop there this week or do your shoe shopping right online.
The easy way at Brandi's shoes dot com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QAF.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAF.
Look at that, two-wheel game show last.
That's the price of gas.
Drive or no drive.
That's how you didn't really believe that supply and demand, Craviger.
I didn't think so.
I'm your host, Howard O'Lill.
Okay, Norman, before the break, you opened up 17 of the 25 oil barrels.
And all of the reasonable prices are off the gas station sign, including $1.32, $1.39, and $0.49 again.
Remember those days?
Good times.
Hey, Lane, Norman, still left our $250, $4, and $5 a gallon.
That would be Mr. O'Rell, how about an executive with his latest price offer?
Yes, sir.
Yes, Master.
I will, sir.
And thank you for your generous oil, sir.
Okay, Norman.
You can open three more barrels or America can pay $3 a gallon.
Okay, Norman.
My question to you is, drive or no drive.
I don't know.
Truth or no, I will worry, but we couldn't want the $5 a gallon.
Can I go and ask you a minute?
Oh, gosh.
I'm sorry, America, but I'm going to have to say, drive.
Yeah, like you really have a choice if you want.
So suck it up, America.
And soon ends tomorrow night.
You can't refuse.
30, man.
Or no drive.
Come on, 4, 5, 60.
WKM, don't forget to join us today.
In fact, right now at White Hot Heat headquarters, it catches the day in my mind.
Lijun Rojas, somebody at 36 presented by Kettle I, vodka.
Be there from now to the final buzzer sounds with live broadcast from 2 to 4 and 7 to 10 for
KM 1 between the heat and the nets.
Catch the day in my mind if for QAms White Hot Heat headquarters right now.
Go down there and see you as somebody.
Who's there?
I wonder.
I'll see it would be nice.
Maybe something.
Probably rock and roll.
Leslie Ann Warren, 70 and 71, Sam Elliott, 77, when these are people who are on the
fishing impossible, Barbara Anderson, 72 and 73, Barbara Baines, character's name was
Cinnamon.
I remember that, don't you?
Cinnamon.
And Linda Day George, 71 to 73, was on fishing impossible.
That was a great show.
Yes, it was.
Your assignment, Mr. Felt, should you accept it?
And then of course, this tape holds itself to its mouth.
900 votes on the pool, man.
By 1 o'clock we're going to have our 1000, pretty damn close to it.
Well, I feel like we made a major accomplishment.
They did come back.
You know what?
Don't you feel like we made a gigantic comeback?
Oh no, I thought we were doing great just from the get go.
Well, actually, it's all relative.
So far, relatives get the diaries.
Of course, I don't have any relatives.
Very few.
You got a lot of relatives?
Yeah.
Of course.
I just got a lot of relatives so you can get them, maybe they can get them.
I'll try to make it happen.
Right.
Work on it.
WI-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
I'm your Charlie.
In the lecture line.
WI-M, hello.
White socks, bright socks, really out of the blue.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Too bad don't get any respect.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they've risen in singular wireless line.
Waiting for, have we had, like, I think we had one today.
Do we, like, a real call?
I don't remember that.
Oh, yeah.
Way back a really bad way.
It might have happened, but, you know, so long ago.
Very long time ago.
Way, way back.
Seems like only a hundred years ago.
When we sat down, you know.
WI-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Um, so that Greg Norris knew.
No, he did not forget Greg Norris.
I said it twice.
I must have stepped out of the truck, I guess.
Yeah, he has stepped out, Woody.
Step on the middle of traffic, Woody.
Okay, do us all a favor.
Do the human race a favor, Woody?
I have no life.
We know that.
He's just starting to get, like, real chronically again.
Sorry.
No, no, no, no.
He's got, yeah, he's right.
He comes and goes and waves.
He's laying low there for a while.
The wave went out a long time ago, Woody.
Okay, so let's just wave you bye-bye.
See you, Woody.
Not soon, we hope.
Not Woody Graver, though, our own computers.
This is WI-D Jackass.
I remember who got that day.
I drove out of the apartment lot after the show at the Paxing, you know.
I told you that.
And some schmuck comes, pull up alongside rules.
There's window down, as I'm about to turn out there.
Uh, it's Woody.
It's Woody.
I had any brains at that time.
If I would have been the equipped, I would have liked that.
Can you imagine a great, a few research?
I probably could get a middle of that.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Hey, I'm Woody.
I'm Woody.
I'm Woody.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
This is a great song.
It was like Greg Reed.
Yeah.
What was that?
Under Nemo, as soon as you mentioned it.
Singing, I walked the line.
I keep it in, I guess you want to keep up with Bill Chatney.
I'm sure I'm saying, Albert.
You gotta be kidding me.
I walked the line.
I think originally it was on the second album.
They both talk.
I'm blue.
I'm blue.
I'm blue.
I'm blue.
I'm blue.
I'm blue.
I'm blue.
I'm blue.
former captain Kirk has a whole CD of fab four covers. It's Shatner warps the
Beatles. Say you can drive mine. Come. I think I'm gonna play that whole thing
after the when we come back. People will be hearing phone calls. That's one of
the rudest things. So of course when you're a general mangrove radio station
supposed to be like a respectable person to the Brooks Brothers suit and a crappy
haircut like Greg. Now that was one of the besides lying like a champion. There
was this other I guess claim the fame not returning phone calls. There was
another one too but we probably won't talk about it on the year yet. You know
that I'm talking about? No what? WDQA and hello. Okay WDQA and hello.
You notice the relationship there side by each call. That was special. Gilbert
that was perfect. I think it's the same person only the only the coke bottle
eyes have changed to protect the early. Same person I believe five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've rise in singular wireless line. WDQA
and hello. Yeah we were wondering when you're gonna die. Wait let us know like
that guy that said he wanted to come to my funeral. Let us know when you're
gonna die because I'll be sure to attend that. Even if I'm already dead I'll
make a comeback just for that. You and your boyfriend WDQA and hello.
John Johnson for president. You got to go now. WDQA and hello. Good morning Neil.
Yes sir. You know they had the recent release of the Truman Capote movie.
Never know. Didn't see it. Okay well that there's a movie he made years ago and for
some reason I never saw it called in cold blood. Right. I just watched it. Well he
wrote the book. I mean right okay. Okay. For some reason I never saw the movie
but there's you've seen the movie so two two. No I have not seen the movie. Let me
say again did not see the movie. I saw the court blood. Yes. That's what I mean.
The movie in cold blood. Long time ago. The two punks that killed the family and all
that. Right. Okay. There was something going on there that I missed. The one guy
kept calling Robert Blake's honey baby and sweetie. Really? And I looked at it. I
just remembered Truman Capote wrote it so that may have something to do with it. 5 6 7 0 5 60
yay. Tom 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. I know whether he
wrote like Robert Blake or maybe he was like Beretta. Yeah maybe he was in
love with this cockatoo. 913 votes on the poll. 7 2 way in hello. Yeah hi Neil. Yes
sir. I wanted to add to your poll. Please. People will athletes that do interviews.
Athletes that do shows for your I mean against the flagship station. Look at
Don Charles. Where was his record? The curse lived. What does that mean? I was hoping
you could explain it. Do you have any idea what he was talking about? I think I think
it was a good message in there. Yeah. It's a sports thing so I didn't get it. Yeah. But
what it has to do with rude things people do I have no idea but I think and Don
Trellman he's getting the it's not a hit out of him this year. You see that. I guess
I guess maybe 50 wins is a little bit out the mystic for the Marlins. Where do they
eat in 21? Yeah. Well let's let's just worry about winning a game at home. I
know that'd be tough for him. Yeah. 21. So let's just round it out to even.
Yeah. And multiply times 162 is like five and then we'll. So I'd say maybe like 45
games they might win which would mean they would lose 117. Well let's just go for the
record. I mean don't stop it. I mean the record is 120. Right. Well they got a shot
of that like Jimmy Johnson would say we got a shot at the all-time record. So I'm
sure that the public as much as they were reluctant to spend one dime a public money
before to help out bail out these millionaire billionaire types I'm sure if they lose
120 games I'm sure everybody say oh if we just build them in a stadium they'll be
great just like the Panthers look what happened after we built that arena. Right.
Panthers have made the playoffs act a total of three times in the history of
the organization three times in the whole history of the franchise they don't draw
flies they lie like crazy about the attendance they can't give away the tickets
and believe me they're trying like crazy to give away as many as they can to
goose up the number but other than that everything's going quite well I would say.
And nobody cares about the name right now because like Hank said everybody's
concerned about and the fight right and very bonds and word bonds who else they've
what was his name on channel 70 to RWS YZ Dave bonds and once had the
fly land there's no limit of a news case I told you that's true I mean in times
no was Dave Diles and Bill bonds that was the news guy on channel 70 Troy great
newsman for us that's a professional news market they didn't have no like
angel array on there or can't can't well Martian or silly as Tony cigarette
o. Cup 13 at 560 WQM at the melting pod man you're gonna not just gonna have
a mirror you're gonna have a real experience and you're gonna be dipping in
all kinds of fantastic things at the pot because fondue is a memorable four
course dining experience there and you have a variety of unique contrast and
special melting pot dipping sauces start you dinner out with the melting
pots of an cheese fondue served with three different breads granny Smith apples
and crisp veggies next your choice to sell is all with the melting pots homemade
dressings and then your entrees include all of these fantastic things that you
dip in dunking the great stuff lobster filet menu on shrimp cage and season chicken
pork portabello mushroom is duck and lots more cooked in oil or broth whichever
you prefer and the melting pot dipping sauces are to die for and for dessert the
chocolate fondue is so good that even Ray Nigan would do summer salt sport
dip your fresh strawberries bananas pineapple all your favorite fruits just dip them
in there man dip them in dunk them cheesecake brownies topped off with tasty
marshmallows rolled in crushed Oreos and graham crackers it's so good you'll be
going back for more all the time something really different and something
delicious no forget this coming Sunday is Mother's Day so take your mama to
the melting pot nearby you for a real treat on Mother's Day call make your
reservations real soon you find a melting pot in Kendall Cooper City North
Miami Beach Bokka Coral Springs and prestigious Fort Lauderdale
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8
today on Dr. Phil is T-Tridgerons what happened I fell out of the tree and I hit
my head do you feel good no it's still that's the first I've got a concussion I
have a question for you you think you're right oh I guess not but I'm rich I had a
just the ass length if you ever looked in the mirror and said why do I do this I
do it because I can't get no no satisfaction I just think you are
what was it again it's a 12 18 others a good belief in everybody just you
know just double double duty just making sure by the way something yes Miguel is the
one down there at the catch of the day is that where he is oh go down there
much Miguel catch it and he's got the best of Neil products for any
way not so far I don't know I know you keep asking and I actually had
passed it along to and he ain't telling well that's okay we're still telling
if he ain't gonna be telling I'm not gonna sign all those things he sent me
about 85,000 those damn see these sleeves those I see where we got a total you
can finish it up I asked him last week well if we had a total and he said he's
still waiting for an answer oh come on 20 set I think that guy we probably had
a hundred thousand and I probably ran off with about 75 grand oh who can
blame I take it I could take that 75 grand of wood by and cut that thing in
about a third no time now actually we'll see we'll see what happens and of course
you're probably thinking I know what you're thinking what about there's 16
hours on Saturday now you're going back again today you have a problem go for it
I say I don't have a problem just in the mood for you have to be in the right
mood plus when I'm there I don't eat you don't have a problem you can afford it
I mean if you're there 16 hours you lost a hundred bucks you know plus the
camp there I mean only a single guy like me can afford to lose a hundred bucks
a bargain I mean hundred bucks but it's almost not even worth the effort when you
come right down it's like a take a gas there you go bitter battle brewing over
smiley face uh oh for decades the yellow happy face symbol has encouraged millions
to smile have you ever smiled when you saw smiley face no I haven't either so I
don't know what that means oh it's encouraged people didn't mean that it
achieved the goal the smiley face and have a nice day helped to define the 70s
have a nice day with two dots in a pencil stroke school children of bright
and head-ridden messages by filling in their O's with many smiley's they fill in
their O's these days Nariya Cheery email is complete with a they type of
graphical smile can I ask you a question yeah because I'm supposed to be
somewhat computer literate and I do you know send a few emails here and there
but uh oh how do you do that where does that come from the little smiley face
they yeah well they it's it's software now the the actual graphic one you see
that somewhere the little yellow one depends on the program that they're using
to create the email and you probably have an option on the hotmail which you
use yeah probably have a little option there it's a little box that you click
on and uh oh well I not that I would use it right now it brings up the options
for you but a bitter legal battle over smiley could be enough to make the
happy little symbol frown uh oh Walmart stores which uses a yellow happy face
to try to put a chopper in the carefree mood is saying with a straight face
that it has exclusive rights to the familiar image at least among retail
department stores I totally they're evil well it the the world's largest
retailers fighting a French native who's earned millions in licensing fees on
smiley since the early 70s when it began securing trademarks for the happy
face around the world it's the case of mr smiley versus lace smiley or is
at least smelly the two sides are expected to wrap up their cases before the
Westpand and trademark orifice this summer see these are the kind of things we
gotta be worried about not who wants to fight ask who they la hoya my ass
ask who they love oh yeah even the retailers recently decided to drop mr
smiley from its advertising as part of its larger attempt to appeal to more
off-scale shoppers hasn't dulled Walmart's fighting spirit if Walmart prevails
a convenience competitors from festooning the symbol on plastic bags name
badges and just about anything else sold in the stores the Frenchman Franklin
Lufreny responded bluntly without a happy face no comment but Walmart spokesman
John smiley not to be confused with smiley was happy to it's kind of ironic that
this whole dispute is about a smiley face he said but in the end in the end
it's what it is it's a mark that we have tremendous investment in is very
closely identified with our company this is the first time I've ever heard of that
did you ever assume that the smiley face in Walmart were like anything to
really tell you know that they use that I knew that they stole it I hear they're
gonna try to copyright the star in the checkmark next yeah Walmart and
they swastika all the other investors billions of dollars to the years smiley
said linking its name to the circle with two dots for eyes in a loopy grin the
company says it's been using what it calls mr smiley since 1996 in more
limited ways long before that but the company didn't move the register of the
trademark till somebody else written to do so first smiley said that was
Lufreny who began registering that that was the guy's name the character in that
movie franny was his name friend all right and PS it's okay it just doesn't go
anywhere it doesn't you know there's no point to it they did it and they liked it
and he liked her and she liked him and he wasn't her old boyfriend from high
school and that's pretty much it that was Lufreny who done it who began registering
the face around the world more than 30 years ago I thought I'm a company in
London smiley world the police it's use many people have claimed to have
invented smiley but the man widely credited with creating smiley was the late
Harvey ball that's right Massachusetts what that's right do you know that it's
a did oh Massachusetts graphic artist who was commissioned by an insurer in 1963
to reduce bad blood among employees after the company we merged with the rival
the original concept was just for a smile ball told the telegram and
cassette of Worcester mass 97 that he added the eyes so they just wanted
employee couldn't turn this mile upside down to make it frown that was clever
that was good that you know yeah what I want to freaking genius for his efforts
ballerant more than a song in the smile 45 bucks whatever by a half a tank
against by the time ball thought to cut and ever turn about the time I was driving
the wrong way on Tramont street in Boston with my courier anyway by the time
ball thought to copyright the design in the 70s his happy face had been reproduced
at least 50 million times making it part of the public domain
Lou Frenny was claim that he created late smiley after the 68 student riots
in Paris as a way to designate positive news stories has trademarked the
symbol at least 80 countries that goes on Walmart said it had no choice but to
oppose the franning sink to register mr. Smiley for its use Lou Frenny in
turn filed legal papers opposing Wal-Mart's claim and at 425 this afternoon
we're finding it 72 trillion dollars lawsuit against Joyce bitch and the
vangel boys grouping for trying to sabotage the show for trying to deep six
these show bitch hateful style 942 votes will have a thousand by the top of the
RR to impress yeah that's right pretty pretty damn close other than Bush and
Cheney which government type you mistrust the most I like that one for tomorrow
people don't return phone calls that was excellent why didn't we think of that
because we're trying to forget Greg you know that he that would be one of his
famous deals he would he would make a deal for somebody whether it was
rimmer or was default to hire them and they did and then would just forget about
it right well that's almost like higher and they keep calling and leave messages
and he just wouldn't return their calls that was his way of evading the truth you
know they're on a face of music they're all crooks 401 was there any doubt
Donald Rumsfeld 219 jet bush 114 your fat ass governor Hillary Clinton 77
you know I got a real good story about her that you're gonna like because I know
you're real real nervous about her by Marcos Moulin
Moulin says in Washington Post Hillary Clinton too much of a Clinton Democrat
question mark basically what he says is it's a death wish again I think you've
been saying that yeah anyway swelter he's got 77 Condoleezor 66 Alberto
Vio 5 Gonzalez 18 John McCain 18 I hate this 415 and John Agropon if they only
knew only 14 see that's a kind of guy they can get away with they sneak his ball
head in there and you know nobody knows from anything they know his history
his background the butcher of Honduras he's the one that first he was
personally get rid of Porto Misha guys then of course all these rumors about
Porto Misha guys was involved all the scandal with the Duke hunting him and the
hookers and the all like other crap you know all of these all of these things
26 past no we're discussing mission impossible today in Greg Morris who's dead
interesting that they had a black guy in it sure you know right it was
customary just like the rookies they had a black cop and hoagans heroes you got
to have a token in it who else one of it should look like America now Charlie's
angels and I have no black chick right no no just a black haired chick never seen
no black people in Superman Richard Pire was in one of them or he got burned
by that you know that one of the co-writers one guy was from Cleveland the
other guy was from Toronto that wrote Superman in fact in the
yesterday's Toronto star there was I should have kept it all history of Superman
and it all its various incarnations it was kind of interesting yeah then I
could play the Superman theme I just played that the other day hey sometimes
it's the things you can't see they can really be a bad for you in South Florida
for 28 years dry concepts is absolutely the best dry cleaning carpet that's
why I've used them in my homes for over 21 years in fact they were just there
like about a month ago they're usual stupid in this job when you dry clean your
carpets you can really clean today and then entertain tonight because they don't
stay soaked for hours with dry concepts they're dry and you're ready to
rock and roll just a matter of hours carpet stay clean and longer with no
sticky residue left behind it with over 50,000 satisfied customers you won't
be alone I guarantee you that don't forget dry concepts are also the
experts what it comes to water restoration damage good to keep in mind during
hurricane season certified technicians get you out of the mold zone and just
minute not days and dry concepts can get your home of business driver then 24
to 72 hours it's guaranteed and they give you a written guaranteed price up
front before they start the job no scams no tackons at the end no no BS in a
top it all off dry concepts has got the state of the art already had a
rug cleaning plant the only one in South Florida right on site that's dedicated
to keeping your expensive area rug is looking just like brand new so do yourself a
humongous favorite called dry concepts today and 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071
around the wicked web dry concepts dot com this is Neil Rogers this is 5.60 Q.A.
or David's a bitch I'm gonna get any red for many I want to down with a tube
appointed by God of the voice of the right and I got a
truck at all bookstore that's wealthy and white we still got
the
I could hear well never come to an end it pays to this the asses of powerful
man and believe me my friends or anyone else they get by here's your
table they deserve to get up
but I'm
so what I got hired some hillfully smack and got busted
I've been saying all the logons for the pain of my back there's still got
busted
but you've been up for me since 2000 food I'm a victim of the best
literal conspiracy and now I have a mug shot like Larry King
like I'm supposed to buy friends but I'm back from you
I'm gonna make the $3,000 what the hell
I'm telling you what the run-out of him even could be until good with it
up
I'm gonna go up
23 and 560 W2 and 27 to one we got the bulk camp or Kimba coming up at two
man dog at four and then other stuff Hillary Clinton says Marco
is a little
a little let's us in the Washington Post
so he's got a few problems if he wants to secure the 2000 presidential
of democratic nomination she's a leader who fails to lead he does not appear
like the bulb most of all Hillary has a Bill Clinton problem and no not about
that moving into 2008 Republicans will be fighting to shake off the legacy of
Bush here is the jobless recovery the former's adventures the nightmarish
fiscal management the Katrina mess unimaginable corruption and imperial
president with little regard for the Constitution or the rule of law every
democratic content will be offering change but activists will be demanding the
kind of change that can only come from outside the beltway Hillary Clinton
leads the democratic rivals in the polls and in fundraising unfortunately
high-ever the New York Senator is part of a failed Democratic Party
establishment led by her husband that enabled the George W. Bush presidency and
Republican majorities and all the havoc they have worked at home and abroad
of course it's still early at this point in the last presidential cycle the
first hints of Howard Dean
oh sorry I'm very sorry
we're barely emerging in 2002 Democrats had no clear firm runner the conventional
wisdom was betting on a handful of insider candidates with money and
connections Senator is Julie Bremen and John Kerry and representative Dick
Gibhard these three were supposed to contend the early polls gave them especially
Julie Bremen the inside track to the nomination and the media gave the rest of
the field no more than usual dismissive coverage and god not gonna read the
whole thing but basically what it says is that her position on the war has been
you know unacceptable she's been a shill she's been for it she's been supporting
it in person Clinton is one of the warmest politicians ever met he says but
her advises have stripped what personality she has hiding it from the public
what remains is a heartless passionless machine surrounded by the very people
who ground on the activists based in the 1990s and have continued to hold the parties
grassroots in other contempt the operation is rudderless with any
scientists of the leadership and a top of the size of a number of Democrats don't
think she could win a general election anyway but he liked that a sizeable
number of Democrats don't think she could win the general election anyway I'll
think she could win the election for dog catcher Marco is malicious by the way
it's found really political blog daily costs good night excellent nine sixty six
oh my god if we just turn that first night upside down for a second because you
know what happens when you get an upside down yeah it will be six six six who
and then we turn it back to a nine just make sure we get our thousand or else five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line see
this is what happened when I don't like keep pumping the numbers out because then
they they just take it for granted you know right I'm gonna spoon for you then all
in of course that thing I played with Moe for the four thousand time about the
National Guard National Guard troops in Iraq which once constantly
half the army's fighting force have been dramatically reduced could be largely
faced out a major combat responsibilities next year as military officials
debate their performance of what role they should play in future conflicts Iraq
was an important test whether the army could use the guard more aggressively and
that's his last resort during the Cold War the guard was recast as these
strategic reserve they'll be used in the big fight against the Soviet Union the
big fight that of course never came so they're getting the National Guard out
of Iraq casing you're on QAM we don't have any national guards because they're
all fighting a war in Iraq right now not the National Guard not the National Guard
no National Guard in Iraq that there's no National Guard no let me read that
first sentence again National Guard troops which once constantly half the army's
fighting force in Iraq have been dramatically reduced not that we need to keep
making the point but you know what why not loud and wrong not a good
combination loud and wrong you know stentorian and wrong but a bit but a
bit about can you believe that he and the Humber didn't like at least to have a
hug in a kiss and I've got a lot of support on that and that and I forgot how
he snubbed everybody in for some reason spoke to Miguel which I wonder why
because maybe I think you know why based on what he's looks I say WQAM
hello QAM maybe time ago was one it didn't hate him yeah he was rough yeah okay
I think your cross dressing is pretty embarrassing okay they're gonna
ban you ass in the track WQAM hello I love calling okay good take a couple of
more of these and I have a feeling today we're like to down to a precious few
you know remember that's not about climax precious in few sure we got eight
people are called radio talk shows in town and we got we got them all though
that's one good thing we just have like two or four or five one and two we got
all eight five acts precious in few now say another hit called
come on this is the only hit I have a like a few about them though but I know
they had more than word let me look up well actually they're on the one-hit
wonders but I know that's wrong I know they had that one right what did I think
the climax blue they did not have to really really was really what maybe you
think of the chart are you thinking the climax blue then you know I'm
absolutely nothing of the climax blue is blame or any other climax
who can share who L.A. Sonny Gerracci and move it to slash her wrist
Sunday Gerracci on vocals Walter Nims on guitar Virgil Weber on keyboards
Steve York on bass and Robert Neilson on drums Jurachi was a member of the
outsiders time old let me remember that time 11 by the outtubbers and
camera records that was a good song yeah I never knew that all right all right
no I did not some very useless okay that's enough of precious in few okay time
let me there's the outside what an hour I'd say 69 you got the you're on it 66 66
I was just gonna nail that they know what's not a big bastard at all that's that is
criminal like pull the rug out I had that thing nail like just like yeah do that I
tell you guys I'm a little hard-ass pick that's it's a
computer that's right you know I'm gonna tell you about my eagles all that's
about you buying them that TV set yeah that's why I haven't gotten it for
primal let me yeah it's a very busy guy okay I'm going to go to the
office this week okay that's enough that's a good song a 66 huh yeah I guess we
will play that as an oldie in Kalamazoo in 68 69 tempest fugit baby yeah see as
soon as a since musicians stopped having jingles that was the beginning of the
end I know no jingles I guess they still have them but they're not the same they do
they're not jingles the way that we did they're more like liners now like
pantyliners I don't know I don't know what you're talking about I've never heard
them like we do it they're not they don't sound like kingles now they're not
jingles you better call up Mike Wants man and find out about your jingles
and that that that that that that seems to me and maybe was one of those books that
bokeh sent me some time ago is the history yeah I think it was there's some
listener maybe about Pam's jingles and about the company and about everybody
but it's better but they were the best all pams were the best like maybe I'll
think out what are my disc here it's got all the pams jingles on it 978 votes on
a pool I told you will have easy a thousand by the top there by one o'clock
I guess I can leave early right well I got a catch a I got a catch a can to
it's one thing the catch a plane something the catch a cab hey cabie that
little epidemic here I wouldn't say a epidemic a little string of bad news with
cab drivers last week in Toronto how they're getting shot or something a shot
stand things like that one cab driver got killed for like I don't know how much
but a guy with four kids Indian guy because I asked I was talking with the
cabie coming back to the line I said well how much do you guys use the carry
so there may be a hundred two hundred the most so here's a guy whose life was
worth maybe two hundred bucks didn't that pathetic well it's got maybe I would
say your life is worth thought third man and I think I think that's only because
you got that new deal 1242 at five sixty wq I am what's the worst thing you
ever did growing up that drove your mom nuts you want to make up for this
mothers day Sunday let it know that you turned out okay and send an original
Vermont teddy bear should receive a beautiful little bear made in Vermont
delivered a home or work with a free card and gourmet crumbles in a colorful gift
box you can only get them by calling a friendly bear counselor toll free at
one eight hundred eight two nine bear or by shopping on their wick a wicked
website at Vermont teddy bear dot com I hope you tell your bear just for your
mom or wife like the nurse the teacher the business woman or gardening
bear social media for some real fun in your gift even have a fun new bear called
bear foot and pregnant bear for those moms to be check out the all-american mom
dressed in a patriotic sundress and only an apple pie and for all you mama's
boys out there be sure and send the mama's boy bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo
on its arm his arm its arm and dad that's your job to get your wife to give
from the kids and the mother and cup said is the smart way to do it and as many
covers needed to improve your kids names on each one of the office or tell your
wife to think she's still a hotty and send the yummy mummy bear dressed in
lingerie even if she smells like you know what setting a Vermont teddy bear is
so much more personal and fun than flowers and Vermont teddy bears are
guaranteed for life you know flowers are dead in a couple of hours and your
little teddy bear will last a lifetime you can even deliver a bear to the
office as you can brag about you to her co-workers works like magic every
time overnight delivery to a home or work is guaranteed to so call 1-800-829
bear or shop online and Vermont teddy bear dot com this year send the
creative alternative flowers from other's day 1-800-829-BEAR and be sure and
tell them that old bastard old meal on QAM tour did it call this is Neil Rogers
this is 516 QA
know that the lord even loves Neil Rogers
there's no life of Kabul
it's gonna have to live
it's a 1247-13-1 QAM Ganon comes out audio like that oh my god but he do it on
his porn website that we all already knew about or somewhere and a forum in
filth of alphier last week last Wednesday evenings matter fact the
conservative White House correspondent who do national attention for his past
life is a gay escort declared himself gay gay publicly for the first time I
did always his past life and finally answer questions about discrepancies in
the logs of his trips to the White House Jeff Ganon came up out when he
questioned from blogger activist Michael Rogers who publishes page 1 Q and
maintains the blog blog active which reports on anti-gay politicians who are
themselves gay oh no I wonder what your buddies are position is on gay rights and
on gay marriage and all these other things from prone prone position he's prone to
be the position you're an ex-governor oh that that's right you're very hey
Charlie I'll kick you ass again and emerged on the Washington stage after a liberal
blog revealed that he worked as a gay escort prior to his installment of the
White House America blog run by DC based John Aerovosis discovered revealing
photographs of Ganon who build himself as an ex-US Marine Corps
Jock in a conversation with Ross story Thursday evening Ganon spoke frankly
about numerous questions this side is raised about his work Ross story was the
first place where they published the secret service logs of visits to the
White House revealing that Ganon checked out it checked it on numerous occasions
but failed to check out okay like the Roach Motel they check in but they never
check out that's a problem with secret service record keeping Ganon said
when I asked why secret service log show 14 days he failed to check out he
referenced an article from 2003 which revealed shoddy record keeping by the
presidential bodyguard I think you're gonna see that in this abermost thing
that's coming out right now he added you're probably not gonna get a complete
historical record asked to be ever slept over to White House Ganon said never
absolutely never stayed overnight at the White House never ever my personal
life has nothing to do with how I got to the White House is a reporter yet and my
personal life had nothing to do with anyone in the White House or in the Bush
administration otherwise he wasn't he wasn't to do with anybody in there I don't
believe it it was doing Ari Fleischer I suspect he wrote he's a rovin maniac he
think only like to mingle at the panel in Philadelphia when they Ganon faced
questioning from Rogers a veteran gay activist who's been critical they
conservative track record of the White House when Rogers last met Ganon at
National Press Club discussion he shouted a question from the back of the room
did Ganon ever have sex with anybody in the White House subsequently he was a
squirt of the building and Ganon refused to answer he was escorted and that
interesting plan works cute Rogers is more successful this whole outfit
appearance Wednesday when question if he was gay Ganon said he was a member of
this community Rogers went farther are you a gay man Ganon responded absolutely
absolutely absolutely effortlessly yet perhaps the most stunning
Ganon's comments was his assertion that he supports outing gaze who live one
life and vote another Ganon who himself was outed as a former sex worker
without his consent said that he supported the outing of restaurant Virginia
congressman Ed Schrock Republican of Virginia who resigned in disgrace after
Rogers posted tapes of him soliciting gay sex on the internet how do you
like that for a pervert I look at the case of the congressman from Virginia I'm
not entirely clear of all the elements of that case but it seems like he was
voting one way in Congress living another way in his personal life Ganon
told Ross to right there is they that I think is a contradiction that probably
should have been looked at I wonder what Miss Mark Foley thinks about that it's
the same thing with these people that run around to talk about drinking is bad
we're going to change the drinking age or we're going to restrict smoking and
then again they do those same things like I'm going to set the rule and say
that doesn't apply to me in other words don't do as I do do as I say is what
he's trying to say do as I gay but he said the outing of Senator Rick Santorum
communication director crossed the line Rogers out at Bob Trinham Santorum
spokesman earlier this year what was done to Bob Trinham I think was despicable
Ganon remarked that was just a Schmirer campaign intend to hurt Rick Santorum
then it resulted this was how many Republicans now are going to hire people they
know or think are gay and what gay people are going to go and work for Republicans
because the fear of being outed it's identity politics you said I'm against that
kind of thing because it's been used to destroy people's careers
Roger said Friday's glad to hear that he and Ganon share some common ground
I'm a firm believer in open dialogue you said and hearing that there is common ground
between Jeff and I it should be between Jeff and me it's certainly a step in the
right direction for our community Ganon also addressed accusations of
plagiarism echoes on about that nobody cares about that's got to do with sex
right right and you're right and I mean you do with sex who the hell gives a
craft so there you go Jeff Ganon duckered he's you fair right as as if as if
there was ever any doubt we got a thousand thirteen votes what did I tell
you man piece of cake piece of cake
God here's a diabetic standing there in the kitchen eating cake offering
somebody was x-wife and godfather three too much sugar in that movie man
looking what those can always did to put you i wallock
I thought we could reason together and he did that thing with his hands like oh my god
oh good morning holy holy I bet you the Italian defamation we were like to kick his ass you
told me he's still alive you i wallock yeah thanks oh my god and that's sad
he should only rot just for that movie and then you then you told me you started thinking
about other movies didn't realize how bad he is right no I watched the good the bad in the ugly
which he's he's the ugly he was the bad part yeah bad and the ugly right and I just realized
hey he can't act in anything really you i wallock I thought we could reason together Michael
what a shame truly excellent movie if it only if only can bad casting great great too many
hives to get it now Josh liked it a lot I liked it a lot I've watched it several times
it's like I like it part where Andy Garcia says joy
Zaza I like that that part's good on the horse um he just horseing around maybe they should fear you
oh she's good though oh yeah she's good but still what no no that's not I'm saying that
she was horrible but it's awful we hear out of your blood I can't do go through it
well like it's a comedy thing you know just got to all these murders again and everything
and all and uh yeah um Michael how they will fear you it turns around like it like a comment
hey maybe they should fear you and and then the scene where the uh he's he's laying out there on
the uh veranda whatever and Connie is like holding his hand and she's saying oh
afraid or I think it was an accident you know she's like she's trying to convince him that he
didn't have his brother kill that was gonna make him feel better pat him on the head you know
no no you'll feel better take two and call me in the morning thousand fourteen vote spoil boy
if we only had that many people listening you know we'd be dangerous you're gonna be amazed at
this I don't know if I got I'm thinking I've done do this look at little tease around your home
there are countless gadgets whose electrical field scientists now warn our link to depression
miscarriage and cancer oh my god let me press you know wait to do this story you're gonna you're
gonna go home and unplug everything gonna be George unplugged hmm got bokeh emperor Kimba
coming along at two see it says on their bow I don't know I don't want to call him bow it sounds
like little boat peep you know somebody never think of Kim bokeh emperor's little boat peep
although I tell you one thing boy over there a university died where they got that big mook how in
front they just love us man we're always getting faxes from there and inside information and gossip
and right all kinds of swill right maybe maybe we're blasting down there they got us blasting
on the speakers at least somebody down there would hear the show as opposed to like an EQM building
where they're trying to pretend they don't have this show on their airwaves isn't that basically
oh Neil Rogers show we don't carry that we don't carry it well who was it 1256 advice
oh man don't forget two seventeen this afternoon I have a battery of attorneys are
filing a twenty five quadrillion dollar lawsuit against Joyce Fitch the unmentioned of the one
she is just beyond description although the word sourdest come to mind you know once again
everybody's feeling the pinch of the gas pump the good folks at dynamite risk at one eight hundred
mattress want to help you through this a little bit dollar mattress is offering you a free tank
of gas and his out works you simply take the full amount of any gas receipt off your next
mattress purchase up to ten percent of the purchase spend thirty five bucks at the gas pump
take thirty five bucks off any purchase of thirty three hundred and fifty bucks or more spend
fifty bucks at the pump take fifty bucks off any purchase of five hundred bucks or more you
you'll need your gas receipt to save the money why drive all over town skip the ball and furniture
stores and so-called giants in the mattress business call one eight hundred mattress right now and save
a ton of cash as always you choose the day in time you're delivered with any to our windows seven
days a week that you pick from eight aim to ten p.m. and when you call my friends at dollar mattress
one eight hundred mattress you choose from the areas largest inventory of the top brand names no
off-name goods they never heard of they got only the best see leave service Simmons King Coral
temper pete externs and foster here with two have been using these folks for years you ought to be
doing the same call one eight hundred mattress right now or do your shopping on their website at
mattress.com one eight hundred m-a-t-t-r-e-s leave off the last is because it stands for stew pendus saving
this is meal Rogers this is five sixty two eight
I can't believe I was in the kitchen when that happened you know I thought it's bad that all
since he lives neither has one Natasha and I know all the half the look for a motion square
instead we listen to the meal Rogers parent balance one for two hours
listen come on up five but I was in the kitchen looking for hours
four two three four five everybody in the car welcome all that's right to them
Mickey Dees around the corner the querever work now with new grandma used to be in forner
I had this song yet I made a lot of loopholes now I wear a vape I had to set up a suit I tell
Mcnougan burgers cold surprise and seeming at both five now look at like a carchester
I'm wearing sneakers and polyester I told my down and rings in my hunger now while I do is take your
order I used to say what they would say and know that before I burn through all the snow the
lambs and the girls are what I miss now I'm hanging out with the grimace I wish I had my old
right back I think it's not just like a big bag I guess it's like for me and through I can't
afford a damn dollar man you welcome to McDonald's man take your order please yeah man I have a
wait hey are you who Vega oh yeah you like that great song one more number five yeah but now it's
number five hey whatever happen a little bigger huh that's it you just heard it I think we did
101 at 560 WQ and I have a couple of olive is this now that fan black olives I like green but
black so I like green better with pimento is of course Spanish olives the curse of the mobile
phone age electronic smart from the independent UK by Jeffrey lean Jeffrey lean invisible smart
created by the electricity that powers our civilization is giving children cancer causing
miscarriages and suicides and making some people allergic to modern life new scientific evidence reveals
the evidence which is being taken seriously by national and international bodies and authorities
suggest that almost everyone is being exposed to a new form of pollution with countless sources
in daily use in every home too official to see maybe the homeless again edge on us here see that
too official department of health reports on the smogger are to be presented to ministers next
month in England and the health protection agency has recently held the first meeting of an
expert group charged with developing advice to the public on the thread the u.m.s worth
or a world a health organization calls the electronic smog one of the most common and fastest
growing environmental influences and stresses that it takes seriously concerns about the health
effects it adds that every one of the world is exposed to what in that levels will continue
to increase as technology advances wiring creates electrical fields one component of the smog even
nothing is turned on and all electrical equipment from TVs to toasters give off another one magnetic
fields the fields rapidly decrease with distance but apply such as here appliances such as here
wires and electric shavers used close to the head can give high exposures electric blankets and
clock radios near to beds produce even higher doses because people are exposed to them for many
hours while sleeping radio frequency fields yet another component are emitted by microwave ovens
TV and radio transmitters mobile phone masks and phones themselves also use close to the haze
the wh os is that the smog could interfere with the tiny natural electrical currents to help to
drive the human body nerves relay signals by transmitting electricium pulses for example while the
use of electrocardiograms testifies the electrical activity of the heart campaigners have long been
worried about their exposure to fields from lines carried by electric pylons but until recently
their concerns were dismissed even ridiculed by the authorities but last year a study by the
official national radiological protection board concluded that children living close to the lines
are more likely to get a loop kemi and ministers are considering whether to stop any more
homes being built near them the discovery is causing a large scale reappraisal of hazard the hazards
of smog the international agency for research on cancer part of the wh own leading international
organization of the disease classes this smog is a possible human carcinogen and professor David
carpenter dean of the school of public health at the state university of New York told the
independent on sunday last week that it was likely to cause up to 30 percent of all childhood
cancers a report by the california health department concludes it's also likely to cause adult
leukemia brain cancers possibly breast cancer and could be responsible for a tenth of all miscarriages
i'd like that perhaps strangers to all there's increasing evidence that the smog cars of some
people become allergic to electricity leading to nausea pain dizziness depression difficulties
in sleeping and concentrating when these electrical appliances are going near mobile phone masks
summer so badly affected they have to change their lifestyle i like that well i can't sit too close
to this equipment i'll see you oh by come on i can't i say i'm in the middle of surrounded by this
chair right we're all electrical field and you say the homeless but you know there there's the
the waves are coming from everywhere up the street lights off the power lines right the ones that
radio craft that were supposed to be uh... so i should do the ones that the one they have an
engineering it's lovely they got one uh... have you heard it if you listen to it sure clear is about how
does it sound sounds wonderful rich and creamy boomy and bacy but nobody's got to be clean right
they were hd okay don't be telling us we got a bad signal on interference where hd maybe go out and
get you an hd radio you chief skates thousand and thirty votes on a pool five six seven let's let's
make this an hour of power on the phone i don't want to go through that thing about those brush
fires up there i want to go all the depressing stories out for sound band advances on cruise
who plot the california assembly is voted restrict the use of out for sound machines for personal use
approving a bill that would allow them to be sold only to license professionals democratic assembly
men ted lu and produced the bill after mission impossible three star time crews but an out for
sound machine this images of his unborn child doctors and technologists typically we see the years
of training for our first time exams which helps obstetrician check a baby self cruises criticized
by doctors who sent improperly using the devices can harm a fetus ready for that he's a crazy
person to me crew yeah crazy person i mentioned a scientist don't do anything i think it was crazy
before they got a hold of it well he now he fits right along pretty good w.a.m. hello
any of the going okay sir go get a garden ten cc um... they had a couple of other songs
the uh... the things you do for love
and i'm not and i'm not in love what what what what we're talking about ten cc
because they're left in on the oven and should have been all that guy yeah
five six seven oh five sixty that's the whistle is don't ask i to create another crazy person
who left out for a while but he knows they all come back soon or later likely a grass
route to the gravity they all come back to south low they gravitate you're right that's why
that thing is hanging down in the middle of the Caribbean like that is the force of gravity
just hanging w.a.m. hello i know i probably okay we don't care not interested w.a.m. hello
it puts the lotion on that's it that's your material that i'm on day may aith mark this down
and the counter i think this is the worst collection of crap that we've ever had in the phone
in all my years that i think we had like two two real calls today the whole show and the other
ones are those same seven or eight that's it that's how we go in your word for it what well
they may have been others but you know when it's more recent it's just freshen your mind maybe
these people have all been affected by the electromagnetic maybe well by that maybe they
expect their head in the day microwave before they call five six seven oh five sixty what's the
last time we had a lady call the show not that we necessarily want any but when i let it
it was numbers huh i don't know this stage is lady free for those of you that are really uh you
know tired of being nagged by women don't don't worry i worry about coming over here we don't have any
we have none zero occasionally get a factor to you know Tracy and uh this one or that one but
they're just trying to make us feel better it's all right i'll listen everybody q a m hello
q a m yeah i wonder if i could talk to fuck you no Roger what about sir i want to talk to
about my mother your mother yeah what about your mama it's too soon she's like super religious every
time i have to talk to her she got to say something about god i want to get to the beach
stay still his problem right away no problem go to heaven she'll go straight to heaven that's right
hit her heavenly reward and you'll go straight to hell 70 q a m hello hey how you doing there Neil
okay sir i look quick i was wondering if you heard about there is a god squad over here in my
Annie there were only a player of visuals who wore it off hurricane all right did you hear about that
there there they were carrying candles and pictures of the virgin and all these things yeah
the crazy people anyway just wonder shanty where he i didn't think you'd hear about it all
thanks for the good news probably one of my neighbors across the street she's probably got that
big banner up too he has fallen five six seven oh five fifty like uh when you're making this
sponge cake in the oven you know she's that i always puts out it is fallen or it has risen
the religious people let me say it again there are any kids playing hooky today the religious
people are all crazy people and the more religious they are the more crazy they are and the crazy
they are the more dangerous they are trust me when i tell you if i never tell you anything else
in your life that's the one thing to keep in your mind religion is for crazy people like time cruise
for example there's a classic example ice-cold Tommy hey Tommy you're fairy w2 a and hello
Neil yes sir how do mad dog you do against the vast earth beat him badly and more
than the most okay that's it beat him badly okay like almost two to one i mean both their ratings
were in the toilet but mad dog unfortunately he's following two ours a day there he's coming on
after eight zero point five forget about the rest of the day we did fine we actually got a
little bit of bonus money considering we're on the Titanic yeah dead little but we'll take it right
few scraps few bacon bits but boy two to four that was the big story and of course uh nobody's
got anything to say but i'm eating put him open about put him eat put him no big rush don't rush
into what they yeah don't rush into what my ass yeah oh god this guy this bozer
climb y'all i want to apologize to bozo and declare well because they were both funny see this guy
he ain't funny he thinks he's funny but he's not he's he is tear-in-ducing very depressing that
that's what i'm gonna go out to a bind to a clock forget about this place sunny shan's gonna be
70 today oh it is beautiful man low humidity this is like god's day you know i'm talking about
feel good that's right it is so perfect oh yeah just a beyond belief if you're a cigar smoke he
like to kick back with a good premium brand and be here cigars by Tony bruhani is for you
these hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed and aged up to 10 years
but here is a real boutique bat cigar maker of the highest quality but he had gold the flagship
line gets the highest ratings by all the major publications 91 by cigar fiscinato cigar insider
and 9.1 by smoke magazine this rich flavored well-balanced full-body nicarogue win cigars got
earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors too for a smokeful
rich flavor try your first be here gold today at stowies in kendal at one sixteen twelve north
kendal drive have a glass of great fine wine from their selection with a be here gold coming to
stowies today tell me Neil Roger center and get you 20% off a box of all be here cigars complete
collection at stowies in kendal or call 1 835 be here that's 1 800 35 BAHI a
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62 A.K.
and TV's everywhere all tuned as sports and now for clicks introduces the ultimate hair cut
experience for guys the M.B.T. first a precision haircut second a soothing scalp massaging shampoo
next comes the steam towel treatment followed by a stress reducing neck and shoulder massage
all this at one great price at slo-clips guys win visit one of the sport clips locations in
Cooper City pember pines close friends and poppy gardens they've got guys smart stylists to give
you a great looking haircut while you watch sports on TV open every day at sport clips guys win
marlyn season is upon us and there is nothing better than this ball on the radio
baseball on the radio i like it i like it because it's a beautiful thing the
announcer's paying a wonderful picture but so much is left to the imagination the sound of the
crowd crack of the bat the fastball popping into the catchers glove the beer vendors yelling
get-sized cold beer here there's nothing like it it's truly unique baseball on the radio is a
beautiful thing fluid on marlin's baseball all season long on the radio and only on one radio
session 5.62 A.K. and you're looking for glory hole the white house image is rightful
and the media is rightful to the fences the polls aren't low
Tony's known Tony's known Tony's known
oh it's hot so host is shocking so the reds are red he's not pink when you want your
leadership to blow Tony's known Tony's known he's your home he will totally hold
bush ties both his calls him bad days before but if you need a penalty in hard
rise Tony's known he's your home oh bush thinks he'll be super legit and his views are
quiet and servicive smart move to hire him we don't know Tony's known Tony's known Tony's
known Tony's known that was in 61 votes say he'd tone rumcelled him on hearing rumcell like poison
they're not too crazy about Fred actually have bushed either although I thought he was
wildly popular because they like his devious plans 5.6705 60 pound 560 and they've
rising in singular rivals time don't forget get out to the white hot heat thing at catch the day
and my name is yellow is there he's waiting to see what's he doing out there just hanging
right from an old palm tree job and he's got those discs and he's got the best of
the yellow out there too I sure those about 30 ladies and cassettes and those t-shirts
lezune roger south of 836 presented by kennel one vodka we'll be there until the final
well somebody will be there until the final buzzer sounds with live broadcast two to four and
seven to ten for game one between the heat and the next cancer they may be home for qms
white hot heat headquarters well what does that mean uh sure white hot's out there no they uh
the heat you know theme for the playoffs is white hot white hot that's right down in pops
vikiners I'll be damned you know I speak of baseball at the uh on the radio and that other
thing about the vendors at red bean stadium when I was a kid we used to have in fact even at our
football games I would write next to the high school football field in canondigma and you go in
half time to get your our white hots or you get your like texas red hots too if you're like
very pedestrian with no taste boy getting the hooded huh getting hooded oh yeah they have those
toe-bitten arpeco a Rochester white hots and get a white hots it's been a while well what does
that mean with the whole thing we know he's gonna be calling in uh he'll let you know I know he will
let us know when he's ready he said he's been having some difficulty there killed it plus he said
he got like a changing neighborhood too something like that really not like him white hots me had
noticed as good as them a Berlin brought worst um Berlin brought and Rochester white hots but it's
not to like of course Gary started a liking result I think it's a little porcupine eats too many of
him five six seven oh five sixty that's all thing about you know not eating pork I mean what what
is that so so silly because he gave the juice tricky noses just needs more for me
thousand sixty three votes on a pool I'm not gonna read it though I want to take a whole bunch of
calls between now two if we're getting you know if we have more than just the same five or six
people on there let's see you got your Reverend Schmuck Gilbert right you got the prosak
Iran you got the the Gargling guy and what I leave out phony eddies and no we haven't any of those
yet today yeah legal alien guy oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh no where's the material when you
always I think that's his boyfriend why was the material that's a rule we're wondering after 30
years I'm wondering what the audience where's your material we're still waiting and can it be felt
wkym hello the reason I didn't talk no okay the reason you're talking is you got potted out
when in doubt you got potted out wkym hello hello yes how are you okay um I'm gonna
call you a couple weeks ago but you are on vacation um and I didn't want to waste this on this
column you were probably you want to waste 10 yeah you probably appreciate the story a little
bit better than George that's why nothing against George really no it's all right I'm glad you say
to probably something yeah no no that when's it you were on vacation I was at home I took a
tremendous dump okay great well I'm real proud of you okay we're glad they did a good start for
you man right I don't feel slighted it is thank you so much
don't be don't you qaam hello Neil yes sir what's happening I got a quick question for you okay
I'll here we go with the questions again pick another last week 20 questions how come you guys never
do any band stops in north brower that were south Palm Beach County we know we're not doing
band stops we don't do that anymore we just gave up we just uh because it's pointless if we're not
if we're not getting anywhere um raising much money in the areas where we're supposed to have an
audience why how are we going to like Palm Beach County well why wouldn't you go in there if
you're never there how do you not know that this you're gonna have a great turnout well we're not
doing van hits we're not we're not doing that no more with all the respect okay well maybe uh
maybe manage this was no they might change your mind okay thanks yeah I'm sure that's a very
high-end or risk right now maybe manage this thing and they might change their mind I was wrong
I didn't think we were gonna get any good cause no no that was one the best cause we've had in
many many years because he's just uh you know good good good intentions you'd like to help us out
but he doesn't understand we don't want to don't you understand we don't want it just there's
no point there is no upside there's there's just nothing there you know and the fact that we got
that one faxized week from those people you know that that's supposed to uh I guess that's
supposed to make me feel like we're obligated to do this we're just we're not gonna do it no more
we stop doing it for a period of time and for the very reason that we don't want to be doing it now
it's a pain in the grass man so waste of time people don't want to turn loose with a few bucks and
they don't want any part of it and then they go and rip off the CDs and burn copies and steal them
into all kinds of crap well what's the point you know and then we have those nifty key chains
and that one went went over big and then of course the other one yeah that that uh
didn't know we won anything do with him inside the building or I guess outside either we find out
72 a.m. Hello. Yeah sir I gotta tell you your promotion department is really screwing up
they got two two ads for your show and the late afternoons one saying that you're going to be
giving away a hundred dollars for the fondue plays the melting pot right on Friday it's
oh on Friday they didn't say that and the other one is to listen to your show for uh
vans by you know uh cell spots for your uh best of CD in which you're not doing anymore where where's
this it's a no no no on your it's a rejoin oh it's a rejoin okay I have no idea what he doesn't
do with that okay in other words it's it's those are made by people who don't even listen to the show
so what the hell do they know you know okay thanks val you're hard there's a guy's hard a new
promotion guy no listen this station is just out of touch with everything it's like those
those stunt rejoins that they do you know all the time come on you can't yeah a lot of nowhere you
know just to see if I'm gonna teach you looking for an olive whore if they can like trick me and
us in here with like two seconds of dead air I got news for you this show has got less dead air
in five years than the other shows on this station having one day okay that that that that could
be a little bit of a shot but you know it's true yeah in addition to which when it gets to be two
o'clock believe you me when the little hand hits the big hand you could sit your life on it right
oh I don't right it's just the way it is mm-hmm like oh and I guess my uh-fax papers here I
wish that's the concierge call right now see you've got a uh package downstairs a big package
w-y-m hello you hear the phone ringing can you actually hear it no no damn it well he's somebody's
calling us anyway just on the inside phone w-y-m hello q-a-m kneel down mommy down mommy down mommy down
mommy down mommy down mommy well at least there was something new you know what yeah yeah
well new and different w-y-m hello q-a-m not right okay great up the nose
w-y-m hello what that was actually news that was that I'll talk about the tnp can't they
but I was very clever okay now we got also lady cranks too which is good great it's about time
a little bit of variety those bit on the air a long time without getting that's right all
these years they're trying to catch an eye well they're listening you know first they they're
copycats on speed and a copycats there's John Egroponte he's a copycat butcher he saw Stalin did
it and they thought hey why not give it a shot 26 past one and five 60 w-y-m if you love voting
that's great because a lot of people in Florida would agree with you but going out and buying a
vote is for crazy people because it cost you a ton of money and then there's a lot of grief that
goes along with it do the smart thing call club not a co right now to one 800 vote rent
why pay the expenses of vote ownership when you can rent one hassle free join the club club
not a co when you call one 800 vote rent you'll be amazed just how easy it is no docking cost no
expensive upkeep no insurance or no hurricane preparation with the vote from club not a co it's
totally stress free and truly affordable to call one 800 vote rent no getting the vote ready club
not a co does it for you no cleaning up either a club not a co just hop on your boat go have a
spectacular time and when you're done plodd with the dock get off and leave run away it's that simple
they do all the rest club not a co one 800 vote rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go small
boats to yacht charters all of this stuff club not a co will do it for you call one 800 vote rent
and let club not a co tailor plan to fit what you need and your budget to get on the water today
with club not a co does smart way the easy way by calling one 800 vote rent this is meal Roger
this is five sixty q a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
