Those of the hosts, Gary Blackass is the Huffer's Goat of Afternoon.
Easy Blackass group, it's Daphs Average.
Wanna get our run-up baby, read Gary Blackass in the hero.
I hope you give it the straight move.
Hey, Barry, you...
Fair Rock.
What are you doing?
Oh!
M-O-R-O-N.
Can you run this big of old nasty and updissable?
No, see anything for this hat.
It's more than a pirate's ass, you'll find your skinny pony ass.
It's hurt that I hear you say, yeah.
See, for you, well, your daddy rules in town.
T.E.R.
Thunder, take the camel.
Joe, to know which wells and smells.
All the time, you're all the new.
They can't get enough of you.
New weekdays and not see Ray Mire.
They point their cameras low when you're on a fun-to-show.
To see a party there in a while.
A black-and-sleeve, a ligerent,
Fermanizing ignorance, a post-ditch,
A great, every pile, licking wild,
The meaty abdachas over,
And with enormous, manly hands,
And the biggest atom's apple in town.
Ooh!
10-01560 WDQ.
I'm not telling you one thing.
Old chicken, I'm sure, is aged in-size song life.
Did you see his picture on MySpace?
Oh, yeah.
And On MySpace, he's made a better day, that's for sure.
Oh wow! He looks like a cadaver of himself, a rotting carcass.
Here's a letter to the editor in yesterday's Toronto star.
I could read a whole bunch of articles and stuff from one newspaper.
This letter, very short, right to the point.
And by the way, I already shut the phone thing off, so I'm not going to take any calls today.
Right. Sorry. And by the way, we hope that Ron and the Shamba guy have a great life together.
Okay. I understand they are looked. Yes. A lot of them.
You make them. A lot of oil is involved.
To search for a good machine. Yeah. Maybe just a good lobotomy would be good.
Olmer Lusha, excuse me, who writes from Kingston, Ontario, writes to the star.
And the heading says, reject extremism on both sides.
And this is in regard to another letter that said, Arab youth taught the to hate Jews.
It says, this statement by David M. Sherman that Israeli youth are not taught to hate is erroneous and false.
As an Israeli, I can say that Israel is played with a subtle yet systemic hatred for foreigners,
whether they be Arabs or Muslims or Jews from North Africa and Russia.
Israeli's living in Israel need to break the cycle of hate, fear and propaganda.
We must reject extremism on our side too.
That's what Olmer Lusha says in Kingston, Ontario, how do you like that?
Nice going, Olmer. He's something that has been sent to us.
What do you think?
Awesome.
Now let me say that we got some good news right off the bat.
And of course it's about Chris.
Good job, Mike Chris.
Yeah.
Tropical storm Chris weakened considerably this morning after shifting course last night,
sharply diminishing any eventual threat to South Florida.
All right.
For cancer said Chris could still have Cuba.
He doesn't know Chris. If the storm survives.
And if cancer is survived.
Christ has come.
Anyway.
Ha ha ha ha.
You know what I saw last night?
I give up.
What's our channel was it on?
And by the way, A&E, they've lost their minds.
What is this new guy they got on there?
The, I don't know.
Oh, what the hell is his name?
He's like some magician and he does all these weird mystical angels.
Because they don't.
Yeah.
Well, where the hell did he come from?
You're a doth?
Well, good. Send him back.
What is that with the tattoo with that ink show and all these other
silly shows on A&E, you know, in between biography and I guess some really good shows on there.
You might actually learn something.
Yeah.
They want to actually salsa spots.
They want to actually have an audience?
Yeah.
No.
That's an unusual concept.
I don't think we will again.
Now that we also anyway, I think was it on, always on MSNBC.
I'm the one guy that watches that.
I bet you like some of those shows though.
Have you ever seen them with John Siggand-Thaller?
Where they have some of that historical stuff you know about different.
And especially death, what's that one?
A dark angel, whatever that is.
What have biographies of these murderers and stuff?
I've seen some of them, yeah.
But anyway, last night was about the after the verdict in LA of the Rodney King cops.
Remember the riots then?
I have to be specific about which riots you're talking about when it comes to LA.
And they showed a video footage of this insanity.
And there was police chief gates, you know, in the event as usual doing nothing.
And in the meantime, they were dragging these white people.
I'm very, especially that one woman.
Do you remember that? Did you see that video?
No.
And they dragged her out of her car and just beat the living crap out of her.
This mob of angry black folks in LA.
And it's the same thing.
No matter what group of people you're talking about, it's the mob mentality.
Whether it's South Florida, Green Tooth Cubans or the young folks who are out there just partying in the streets.
Right.
Or the, you know, Israel first, because Jewish, Shia crowd, or whatever it is.
Or OG is innocent because he was black and it's a racial thing and it's a setup.
It's just, it's, that's it.
You got to rise above the herd.
That's what I heard.
Anyway, the dilemma is the future intensity of the cyclone getting back to Chris.
Everybody likes Chris.
Good for Chris.
Yeah.
I said, a forecaster, Lixion Avala of the National Hurricane Center in West Dade.
It could weaken further and dissipate or could regain some strength.
I'm in favor of weakening.
Oh, I'm too.
I'm in favor of weakening.
That's what Greg reads it before he left the station before he was omitted to our consultant.
I'm sorry.
He's in favor of weakening and he did a hell of a job of that.
Nice go on, Greg, you idiot.
Well, he sure set us back away, didn't he?
A little bit.
He reminds me of what's going on in the world these days.
Oh, there's Dr. Julie Gibberding.
What's all she on there for?
Here, appropriately.
And you basically say from the CDC.
From the CDC.
This is very dangerous and people need to recognize the signs and...
Oh, she's talking about the heat.
What do you get with it?
Who cares about the heat?
We only care about...
Anyway, still, his official forecast called for Chris or what is left of it to limp almost
due west and scrape the northern coast of Cuba early Sunday.
The Florida Keys and Dade counter-made on the periphery of the three-day warning area.
But the latest forecast served as good news for the region.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
Oh, right.
And significantly diminished any potential danger.
So as a public service, we just passed that along.
Don't get all whipped up to a frenzy about Chris.
Okay?
All right.
Can we just mention the good news from around again?
Like I always tried to do the beginning of every show.
I don't even turn that phone thing off.
I don't even think of wasting your time.
I just don't have time for that.
Oh, and of course, let me also say, beside the fact that Castro will be dead one of these days,
there is no such thing as global warming.
I was just reading about how poor bears in the Arctic are drowning now.
Have you seen this?
And starving, yeah.
Well, starving, yeah.
But because they can't get from one ice cap to another, they can't swim that far.
Because they're so far apart.
That's right.
It wasn't that lovely.
Well, who do you think I don't like to pull a bear's anyway?
That's right.
What do you think we can convert them to democracy?
I say, let's bomb them in the democracy.
That's way to do it.
If you don't want democracy, we're going to bomb your ass.
Well, speaking of that, bombs exploded on the soccer field yesterday.
In Baghdad.
On the soccer field killing 11 young people and at least 42 other people,
two of them Americans died elsewhere in sectarian or political violence.
Still, the president says plans around track for rackies to take over security.
That's the president by rank.
Not our president, such as it is.
The two homemade bombs went off on the soccer field in the mostly Shiite District of Amulet
and West Baghdad killing both players and spectators ranging from 15 to 25.
While future terrorists no doubt.
Right?
Of course, just like all those little kids in Lisbonon, future terrorists, they had it coming.
No question.
Two mortar shells struck another Shiite District.
Abu Dishir killing three people under the age of 15.
One shall explode on a soccer field in the middle of the hit a house,
wounding a couple in their child.
And it goes on.
And on two Americans died in Khabad and bar province.
We're getting really close to 2600.
And it won't be that far down the road that we get to 3000.
Nice, even number.
What does it take?
You know, while America sits back and the public is concerned about.
We're just really hosting that stupid ass show.
America's got talent.
This is what America's worried about.
It's watching people play poker on television playing cards.
And here's a whole big solid answer about the extreme heat.
There's no such thing as global warming.
It's a Kame Pinkofag conspiracy just to embarrass big business.
That's all.
Just to miss with their plans.
There's Martha and the Van Dellis.
We had them on Tuesday with Dancing in the Street for a Castro's death.
And now we got heatwave for what's going on.
She's all over here now.
It's all done.
It is.
Rainlight, rainlight, hell, last night here.
Rainlight, the end of the world.
Put some cold in a box and send it down here.
Okay.
That's only going to be like 26.
What's that?
79 today?
79?
Go step on Martha.
I would never have been barely here at my school.
I've never been here before.
Anyway, here's the door to the school for me yesterday.
I don't know how to do this.
I can't, you know, just, when are you going to stop with this already?
Never.
Never.
What is strictly for women?
You know, remember that bit we got the teenagers?
I'll show you something just for girls.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Oh, there it is.
Tag!
What are you doing in the ball, though?
From the producers of the children, comes another slice of real-life terror.
Reavably filmed, presents.
But teenage years.
Good night, kids.
Remember to keep that staring on them.
Okay, Ma.
We promise.
Well, teenage years caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood.
And the only thing that certainly won't get a pair of hoes.
It was the creamers that your daughter, I'm ready to take it to slumber party.
But I thought that was just for girls.
And you guys sure?
I'll show you something just for girls.
When they go through children, you go through hell.
But teenage years, for sure.
Now destroying a living room near you.
That's a beautiful thing.
Haven't played that in a long time, you know what?
I know, I know.
Do you hear that?
Is that your, your, on your end?
What's that?
The drilling and the heavy construction?
I hear.
Oh boy.
I think they're coming through the floor.
You got drilling and heavy construction going on there.
There's nothing going on here.
Look out now.
It's all the bad stuff is always on your end.
You know what I'm going to wreck them.
What is strictly for women, George, as yesterday?
Oprah, 189.
That was what I voted.
Well, I sure have a way of picking out the winner.
Oprah, yeah.
189.
And what is that thing she goes, whoa, what is that?
A big apartment.
Once she starts wailing, you've never heard that?
You know, I don't want Oprah as much as you do.
No, I don't want you at all, but on the promos, you see this crap,
or she just starts wailing or like that?
Easy, first.
The second choice was the male member.
That's the best way I can put it.
159.
I would differ with that entirely.
That's just ridiculous.
I knew you wouldn't.
I said you would.
Yeah.
Makeup 95.
Oh.
Persons and bags, 66.
Marriage 57.
Dr. Phil 49.
Daytime soap operas 48.
I would tend to disagree there, too.
There's plenty of guys on the soap operas.
They're just mostly in the class and mostly gay.
Michael Bolton 37.
Oh, you've got to be gay.
Listen to his approval.
Lying about your age or and or weight 28.
And I got news where there's 20 of guys that lie about both.
Well, they're gay.
No.
Little dogs 27.
I take an umberage with that.
Gay.
What about a mint pin?
Gay.
What about poor little tiny?
Gay.
Gay.
Letting your mate work and pay the bills 26.
Catch 21.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Celebrity news shows are magazines of which is only 600 of those shows on 18.
Asking directions 12.
Yeah, most men are afraid that it, you know, it impinges on their masculinity if they add other
writings.
It's an ambition to throw you.
If they're totally lost and clueless and a real agendas.
Oh, I'll I'll I'll fight it myself.
Asking directions 12.
Psychics are fortune tellers eight.
How's Mickey and her great-dain doing, by the way?
Oh, she's fine.
Self.
I heard you hear about uh Captain Harris's plane.
No, what about it?
Self health, Bolton seminar is eight.
Brad Pitt six.
Yeah, they can have them.
Romantic comedy six and crying too.
Well, we'll probably cry.
It was a lot of the for the whole show.
I think if you ever worked a QA and believed me, you cried all the time.
Very men.
Every day.
Non-stop.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
Especially married men who have unwanted children.
That's right.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.
60 WQM, what's that lineup look like today?
What lineup is going to change in 25 days?
That was great.
The hopper at the ass end of the show going on about how he's going back to the afternoon.
Oh.
And whatever yada yada yada.
That was good.
And well deserved to believe me.
Let him sleep a little bit.
Anyway, the staff can learn all boy proving that nothing is perfect.
We got.
Goldie is too.
Nice job in a book by the way.
Goldie, hell of a job.
You and Brownie Brown.
Mad Dog four to six thirty.
Now, what about the Marlins last night?
I did not see the score.
Did they win again?
Yeah, they lost.
Oh, geez.
That makes them seven hundred five hundred again, doesn't it?
That's right.
They were within five games that are reds for that wild card spot.
You know, I don't watch any of the games, but I do keep kind of tracking them.
Yes, you do.
That's pretty embarrassing.
What a really mediocre horseball league the National League is.
Marlins on deck at six thirty to Marlins on the mess.
The third and final game that's serious at the park.
That's seven or five.
All by the Eddie Kaplan show.
That's our award winning agenda.
For today, they got the minus scabbyles of Brian on vacation all week.
So Ricky Tiki Sanchez is on CNN in the morning.
So we just alert you to that.
So be sure to miss it.
It was just so emotional watching interview.
Those people at the Versailles.
Yesterday, all you people that are going to go back to Cuba,
Castro dies and we have regime training.
Everybody raise their hand.
Oh, yeah, I can't wait to see that.
I hope you're taking notes in making sure we don't want them to make liars out of themselves.
Okay, see how fast they go running back.
Oh, yeah.
Ten, fourteen already.
We've been here with it.
Hurricane.
The Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Here with the hell was open with pre-minsering gins.
Is she lost in mind what the hell was she thinking?
Yeah.
I never thought she'd chase girl tell.
Never suspected she didn't yell.
She's got seven and a shot.
She's got the need to say that she's not a man.
Yeah.
They just go shopping together and then.
It's not a girl, I'm a girl, I'm playing.
Don't follow each other's dreams.
She's not in love with you.
You're fairie.
I'm not sure which is a better indicator of the standard human race defect
that people are watching other people playing cards and television or the fact
that millions and millions of Americans are mesmerized by Oprah.
Oprah.
That's a good question.
Yeah, that's a good poll question.
Which of these things, I mean there can be other things under, of course.
We don't like those poll questions when there's only one choice like George Bush,
being the bloodmaster.
767, more helpful than a few of those, what question bugs you the most?
Thank you by the way, Sean for some good polls.
That was your poll yesterday was a Sean poll.
Yes, it was and I might poll today as a poll.
Thank you, Sean.
Why did I beep?
767 votes, what question bugs you the most?
Can the world survive George Bush 216?
Does Anne Colter have a penis 126?
Is their life after death 97?
Is their life another planet 72?
Where is Osama 71?
Who killed JFK 62?
Is there a god 60?
There is only...
Who killed Cock Robbins 28?
That's what I vote.
Who sent the anthrax 24?
Well, that's really ironic because you got finally a Hermongering Rumsfeld testifying
me for the Senate right now.
You know, Rumsfeld who said...
Amstrak.
Right.
And by the way, how are we doing?
Do we have another person of interest in that case?
Yeah.
Who stole the Kishko he got 8 and who I wonder wonder who wrote the book of love has got 3?
There's last two my editions there at the ass end of the poll.
Who did write the book of love?
I wonder.
Oh, Anne, speak of that.
What a good segue.
Unless maybe this fact is sending me something important, but I doubt it.
No.
Oh, oh.
God, two pages.
Let's see.
Can you please have the library at late again?
Okay.
Oh no, we're not putting that off.
I don't think that was them.
I think that's a shot.
Oh.
Well, I see.
The library at late again.
This is that Jamba guy.
Oh, Jamba?
Yeah, crazy person.
Okay, we can put that on her.
There's the monotones, baby.
The group after George's heart, monotone.
You know what it says in Wikipedia about you, monotone.
Yeah, they monotone with a journalist.
Oh, here you are.
And then here's another one that says, what bugs me the most?
What really happened on 9-11?
Well, and you ought to be reading those things on our website today.
Everybody ought to be reading.
It's much too long for me to read the first story on there.
Although that's the stuff from Vanity Fair, which will save you the money from going on
by the magazine, which is not until the eighth anyway.
9-11 live, the No Rad Taves by Michael Bruner.
But more important than that, which I am going to read, No Rad Taves only intensified the
implausibility of non-linear physical story, which is nearly as long, and it's just, it's,
yeah.
And I see one of those that says, how deep was the government involvement?
Also, Google America Freedom 2 Fascism.
There's a 15 minute trailer for the movie.
No, okay.
Thank you.
I'll set that over there in my, you know, to do pile.
But you know what the most important story in the world is?
Now, we're adding those on there.
What really happened on it?
Who is really behind 9-11?
It's already on me.
For most important story of the day, I'll give you a little musical clue.
You ready?
Ready.
Okay.
You can do it.
Okay.
You can do it.
Okay.
Is that a clue?
Yeah.
London, a guard dog has ripped apart a collection of rare teddy bears, including one once
owned by Elvis Presley.
Oh my God.
During a rampage in a children's museum.
He just went berserk, maybe he didn't like Elvis.
You think that's possible?
A lot of people don't like Elvis.
Like you.
He just went berserk to Daniel Middly.
I wonder if he was kind to build Middly of the righteous brothers.
And as he the one that died, it was at Bobby Hentfield.
I don't know.
And what if Bobby Hentfield was waiting to butt-head field, the harness driver, and trainer of fine
trotters?
He just went berserk to Daniel Middly, General Manager of the Wookley Hole Caves near Wells,
England.
Oh, that's well, well, well.
Where hundreds of bears were chewed up to the night by the 60-year-old Doberman Pincher
named Barney.
Shame on you, Barney.
During the attack.
During the attack, Barney ripped the head off of Brown Stuff Bear, once owned by the
young Presley, leaving fluffy stuffing.
What was that?
The slowest brother's comedy hour open.
Leaving fluffy stuffing and bits of bear I love fluffy stuffing.
And bits of bear's limbs and heads on the floor of the museum.
The bear named Mabel was made in 1909 by the German manufacturer Steif.
Mabel, Black Label.
I mentioned it in the first episode of those TV commercials.
Did you?
No.
Mabel, Black Label.
I think that was a Midwestern beer, Black Label.
Wasn't it, I think, Cincinnati?
I could be wrong.
I'll go ask some Irishmen.
No, not Irishmen in Cincinnati.
There are a bunch of red necks.
The collection of that had more than $100,000 included a red beer made by a far-nail in
1910 and a Bobby Bruin beer made by Mary Thought in 1936.
Well, Mary Thought it would last forever, but it didn't.
The bear with Elvis connections was owned by English aristocrat Benjamin Slade who
bought it in the LSE.
This story is lacking in one thing.
He spent, he paid $75 grand for it.
Yeah, so they had the shorts.
What an Elvis memorabilia auction in Memphis, Tennessee and had loaned it to the museum.
Loaned it to the museum.
Well, I've always told people, don't loan me anything because you'll never get it back.
People that loaned me books and music or movies.
Yeah, right away.
If I've seen the shark shank redemption yet, how about Timeless Les?
No.
I've spoken to the bear's owner and he's not very pleased at all, at least.
When I was pissed off, $75 grand for a teddy bear once owned by Elvis.
First of all, I think he got what he deserved.
Yeah.
Just like Fidel is going to get what he deserves.
Of course, he's 80 years old, you know?
I think most people will be pretty.
Most people will be pretty satisfied to live till 80 and pretty decent health, unless
of course they're 79.
They're showing that clip of him falling on his ass again.
Remember when he walked off the stairs and he all over the past.
But I like the moment where he fell on his ass.
Snappy dresser though, he got to admit that.
Who's the snappiest dresser?
Neil Rogers, the Pope or Fidel Castro.
784 hosts, we're going to make 1,000 again today.
Oh my God, on the third of August when there is nobody in town.
At least that's the word I'm getting.
There is nobody around.
How wrong about that or is it just that?
Pretty slim, I would think.
Pretty slim pickings because the kids are going back to school pretty soon, which I can't believe that.
How's that possible?
Tempest, maybe.
Time flies.
Well, no, it used to be what I went to school and I'm sure when you did like the week after
Labor Day we went back to school.
We had a nice long meaningful summer vacation.
But I just don't get it.
We need to do away with it.
So everybody's gone.
785 votes.
What question votes you the most?
Let's see, will I ever get laid again one?
And what really happened on the night of the day?
And who worked the book of love's got through all of it?
Who stole the kishkas or a tent?
I wish I could find that.
So on capable records, I remember that.
I don't know who did it.
I guess the book of chicken neck could find out.
I'll go look for it.
Old cadaver Brian.
I'll go find it.
You ain't got to.
You're going to.
If you find who stole the kishkas, that'll be one of the great miracles of all time.
Even I would be impressed.
Sounds like a relic.
Yeah, I'm too bad about that village deli being closed down, you know what?
You could have them bring in some good kishka and honorably a song with gravy.
Those are the days, baby.
The villa deli on Alton Road in Miami Beach.
Oh boy, those are the days.
You can't go back.
And you can't sit down.
That's what the Phil Upchurch and the Dove Elsa, you can't sit down.
Now that's on your collection, by the way.
Oh, my God.
I'll tell you why you can't even tell me your weapon.
I'll watch that.
I say for the more unsterilized.
Yeah, they make them big and sweaty.
Mmm.
I know I think I'm the help of all sport halls.
I say this, where they are, they're better.
They're the best.
Yeah, sure they're seven carnage in the middle east.
They're not a Jew, but so cares.
It's not as fortunately as matter.
Right clearance here.
And just saying, mean 15 of ice, 3, 9, 11, I'm proud to say that I was right here.
I'm the E.S. keeping all of you subterated under her maintain.
And besides your doubt, what's happening with Barry's barns is a shame.
Even worse than what happened to ward barns, or getting in the US barns.
We have no James barns.
Well, in this case, we use some barns, though.
How's come the villain call this show?
I'm married, you know.
Despite my love hate relationship with Mo.
Poor Mo.
At least he ain't got no hungry now to defeat.
But think his family ain't got nothing to do with him.
With you?
Yeah.
I don't think his wife will even.
Yeah, I believe in her too.
And you know him on editing.
Oh right, knock it off, Buster.
Never mind, not hide out like nobody making put on my family, see?
Oh yeah.
Honey and people, those people out in a zoo.
Who are you?
And I know that.
Oh no.
It's happening again.
What?
Every time I get excited.
It's like the Hulk, you know.
It's Mr. Pillow Pants.
Ow.
I hate you, Mr. Pillow Pants.
It's Mr. Pillow Pants.
I know.
At least stop now.
It's time for me to walk away slowly and very sadly.
Very sad.
No, no, no, no.
804 votes on the pool.
Well, I bet you're impressed by that.
Wait till you hear this story.
You may think that this is not a story we need air-worthy, especially on a high-priced
show like this.
But when I get to the last paragraph, then it will redeem the whole story.
All right.
From St. Petersburg of all places, what's his facts?
Anything good?
Hmm.
Let's see if you guys include who left the dogs out.
Yeah, that's good.
The Baham man, there's a Middle-earth smash who left the dogs out.
Got it?
Got it.
What are all these other facts that come in?
Just crap.
Is it this supposed to be a joke?
Ah, ah.
Yeah, that's good.
Ah.
Okay, the second fact is long and ponderous.
Let's see.
Today is my birthday.
It says this fact.
There are a lot of facts that come in today, which is amazing because there's nobody in
town, but we will play a...
...for a Jonathan plantation.
It says, you guys rock.
Thanks for making my summer spend in a toilet a little bit easier to get through.
Well, happy birthday, please, Josh, in plantation.
It's a horrible place to be.
Anyway, St. Petersburg, a woman in her roommate, were charged with starving the woman's
nine-year-old daughter, who weighed less than 42 pounds, when she was removed from their apartment
authority.
The operative line is Grotesque's The Story is, the operative line there is roommate.
Okay?
Keep that in mind.
Oh, well.
Melissa Samaraje, 27 of the girls' mother and Raymond LaFountain, 31, were arrested yesterday
in charge with aggravated child abuse.
The girls waited drop by a third, making her so mishated that her spine and ribcage were
showing when State Childwell for officials took her on the 30th of June, please said.
But third, man.
You're also suffered other abuse police.
You said she had her hands bombed behind her with a white cord, was locked in a bathroom
all day and forced to wear a diaper that went unchanged for hours.
She told police it was a form of punishment for bad behavior.
It's a very disturbing case police to take a dodeleucis, say, you see, very few like this,
thanks God.
LaFountain's mother was visiting the couple and the girl when she was taken aback by the
girls' physical appearance and reported to Lucas and it isn't clear how long the alleged
abuse had been going on.
A alleged abuse.
Now, maybe she was just skinny, you know?
The girl currently lives with her grandparents in Citrus County's Gain about 25 pounds
in a month.
She's doing well now.
Aren't you happy?
I am.
Now, here comes the good parts.
Samaraj and LaFountain were in a Pinellas County jail today, each hell on $50,000 a
bond.
The Lucas said they did not address the allegations when they were arrested yesterday.
She all recognized they didn't make it if they had lawyers.
Now, here comes the good part.
I'm stoked.
LaFountain was originally described by a police that Samaraj's live in boyfriend, but
his gender classification at the jail was changed from male to female following a routine
script search.
She's not a member of the heterosexual relationship.
Who are you like that?
Yeah.
A little more there than meets the eye.
But, surprise.
Speaking of the female persuasion, let's get to money to Castro now.
By the way, some bad news for all you people.
A little premature evaluation there, although I will say this because, you know, the Cuban
government lies like crazy and they don't tell anybody anything.
The fact that even admitted that he had an operation and he had an intestinal bleeding indicates
maybe he ain't going to be around too long.
By the way, of course, you're anybody pass out and swoon over here because of the poison
gas that they're pumping in through the air conditioning.
Are they really?
I don't know if it's part of construction or what, but it's like petroleum fumes or
There's kind of a Lisa and they're crazy.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
And it says failed diplomacy question mark.
Can you let me?
Oh, no.
Talk about matches of understatement if you certainly want news news.
What diplomacy?
We are right.
Can't complain about the US involvement there.
What we're doing because they're not doing anything.
They're other than rushing them, of course, all those bunker buster bombs and giving them
the old green light.
Oh, there's one of them, Shmati heads that's out all the phisally, far from Mr. Oshari
Arabia.
There's more problems.
But it's a bit of a bit about, yeah.
So many problems, he says, leave us alone with our oil and our money.
Pedalcaster was still very sick, but no longer an intensive care.
And he's expected to recover and take back the reins of Cuba.
His sister Juanita said yesterday, while Ricky Tiki's hands were sloughing around the
Versailles, showing microphones in everybody's face, and they were all going, do we help
it for Dale?
And they were going like that.
And by the way, we hate you, Rick.
They said, you know what I said?
And then he did that thing to show our hands.
Everybody who's going back to Cuba, if democracy takes over, if we have a regime change,
and everybody's hand went up.
Just think of the implications for that.
Okay, first of all, if all the right wing Cubans went back to Cuba, the political landscape
in South Florida would change dramatically overnight.
Right.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Plus maybe we could bring some of the good delis back, speaking of the Dilla deli.
Let's see, Castro, but me, but Cuban television reported Tuesday that a Cuba leader was in
good spirits, but his hospitalization is endless for a dead-you-dispiculation.
Some saying that Castro was on his deathbed, others saying that he's already dead.
There's a lot of rumors out there in the street.
Remember that in the Godfather?
And said, you know, then I'll bend out a shape with Clemenza.
But when he, the Castro said, her brother is doing better, and she expects that a role
as executive appointment will be temporary.
He's very sick, but he's not dead.
He's very sick, but he is left the ICU.
I see who she said.
And he went looking to, she must have been talking to her extensions.
She hasn't spoken to Castro since 1963.
The year before she immigrated to Miami, but one of the Castro's said an information about
her brother is accurate.
I have my way to know everything, not everything, but some very important things she said.
Rumors about Fidel Castro's demise prompted many in Miami, home to thousands of Cuban
ex-patriots, the take to the streets in celebration, a display one of the Castro found
this tateful, she said.
I'm very disappointed, she says.
It's not necessary to make this demonstration.
And by the way, this business about, we're not Cuban Americans, we're not Americans,
we're exiles, that whole exolito thing, and it's just the makes me want to gag.
Well, I guess those are the ones going back.
Those are the ones, when they want to, we're not they're going back and I fact, there's
no better time than to start right now, because a lot of those people are very old, so why
wait, you know, why put it off?
One eight ten, Fidel Castro, very seen eye to eye, he said in the 60s and 70s, she often
criticized her brother over the thousand of political prisoners in Cuban jails for what
she called, General Subversion by Cuba throughout Latin America, or what she called, what
are they?
In October, 68, 60s after she left Cuba nine years after the revolution that put Fidel
in power, wanting to Castro took to the Miami airwaves and denounced her brother's government
as a bankrupt, absolutist tyranny.
Though she still opposes her older brother's politics, when he cast her, said she's concerned
about him, the blood is very strong, she said, he's my brother, I'm worried that he's
suffering, his two brothers and four sisters.
I didn't say anything about Bernie Dett Castro and her sofa.
But there is that fat cheek John McCain, your pony bastard.
What, with English body and with executive, within your body, okay?
God is punishing you for being a two-faced pony baloney, okay?
You push-looking idiot.
So here are the votes we got on the poll.
Hey, that's Hustle LaKishka.
Yes.
Where now did you find that?
I put it from the air.
Wow, I went on wine and I find it and I made it mine.
Oh, I can't believe it.
I haven't heard that in about a hundred years.
Hustle LaKishka?
I haven't heard that in ever.
Take my shoes off.
Take my fine to the bossy.
You can take my pill.
Put them in back my t-shirt.
Hustle LaKishka.
Hustle LaKishka.
Hustle LaKishka.
Hustle LaKishka.
I don't know.
I can't bring it back.
Okay.
825 votes on the poll.
What question bugs you the most?
Can the world survive George W. Bush 226 down full?
You realize we got two and a half more years of this insanity going on?
Yeah.
Does that, and of course with that very strong and powerful Democratic Party?
Keeping him in check in line.
Does Ann Colter have a penis on 131?
We already know the answer to that.
A big Adam Zappel at a, is there a life back to death 99?
Is there life on other planets 78?
Yeah.
We also had an other, is there intelligent life on earth?
Okay.
Let's get that on there.
Where is Osama 76?
Where is Osama Yamama?
Is there a God 65?
Who killed JFK 65?
Who killed Conk Robin 29?
Who sent the anthrax 28?
Who stole LaKishka 14?
That's going to go up after they heard that fabulous.
Who did that again now?
Oh, it didn't say anything.
Oh, out the research.
Who let the dogs out for?
What really happened on 9-11-4?
Who wrote the book of love for?
And will I ever get laid again?
So am I to take those?
This is Neil Rodriguez.
There is one of this.
It's Neil Rodriguez.
16, Chambagaya.
Jimmy Carter is looking for a miracle.
The former president is trying to push, push in Bosnia.
Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda
Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda mom, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda
Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda, Linda Long. She wants a lady to stop infusing and rifting her and ask what she will-like? But we find that a can we-
How much were you paid?
How much were you paid?
Or monocos paid?
Or monocos paid?
By the church's seat, that's gay.
That's what men and women did with the trips of that day.
I wish you always lived in love.
I just might get to go to the toilet.
I think you'll be safe, Sammy.
Maybe I'll stop the positive.
Just who do you think you're a fool?
You better not just ugly, Sammy.
You're really not drugs, you're a threat.
Oh, no.
You're fairly good.
The trips of that day.
The reason I played that is because I'm thinking of always having no access like that Lucy and Goldberg and Catherine Harris.
You hear about her playing by the way?
No, what about it?
Delayed.
Oh.
Tom delayed.
More bad news for Catherine Harris.
In fact, I have another Catherine Harris story in my huge panel here later on today.
How come you're so noisy these days?
You'll cause I feel like it.
I do like that.
Oh, here you go.
I might as well do a two-for-unness.
You want a two-for?
Okay.
Well, first this just in in Battle of Uisena, Canada,
Catherine Harris' fourth campaign manager, Brian Rudnick.
Not to be confused with Nudnic.
Brian Rudnick was accused of petition fraud,
while working for Massachusetts citizens for marriage today's issue of rule-called reports.
The organization was founded to counter the success of lesbian and gay couples
and sought signatures for a petition to force a statewide vote on the Mending Mistakes Constitution
to restrict marriage to one man and one woman.
Citizens for marriage was accused during the petition process of using bait and switch tactics,
in which petition signers were approached to sign popular petitions,
and then tricked into signing this petition, supporting the effort to pledge marriage equality on a state's ballot.
Oh my gosh, she just surrounded by courts everywhere.
Must this be a bad string of luck?
Do you think that's what it is?
That's it.
It must be Satan.
Oh no, don't tell him I'm going to have to reprint this story.
I hate that when I write a hand margin chop sign.
Oh boy.
Oh no.
Maybe I should have the statement, not that not this story, the one by Robert Fisk.
And Tara Levin, his family, killed him, is really attacked on hospital.
Before I get to the other camp in Harrison, an attack on a hospital,
the killing of an entire Lebanese family, the seizure of five men in Balbek,
and the new civilian death toll, 468 men, women and children.
Oh, that's not even close.
It's like 900 now.
Where the hell's he getting his story?
I don't know.
It marked the 22nd day of Israel's latest war on Lebanon.
The Israelis claimed that how popular born soldiers had seized senior Hezbollah leaders
although one would then turn off to be a local Balbek grocer.
In a village near the city, Israeli airsparks killed the local mayor's son and brother
and five children in their family.
I'm just mentioning that.
I don't have to worry about the margin.
They're okay.
Okay.
I just mention that in passing.
There's one eat the cask, bro.
This is 30 strong feeling.
Very strong feeling is what she said.
Don't make fun of a raksan now.
You're starting to pick on Osce.
You already lost the Jews, the farbistening.
I'm going to lose the professional exelios, what are they waiting for?
You're left.
And of course, you already talked about those riots in LA.
So the dark forces are going to turn on you again.
Who now you're going to have left?
He says a few queens.
Well, let's insult them next.
It's unfortunate that after receiving a federal grand jurisprudence
and representative Catherine Harris declined to mention it to her Senate campaign staff.
But it appears she also declined to share it with the speaker of the House and that's a violation of House rules.
As we've seen most recently in the case of Representative Bob Neh,
Republican of Ohio's heavy-handed subpoena office.
Any representative or staffer receiving a subpoena,
concerning any work related issue, must disclose it,
and an announcement is subsequently published in the Congressional Market.
It's called House Rule Eight, and it's cited in just about every disclosure.
The other search of the record turns up no mention of a subpoena for Harris.
The rule is pretty clear Andrew Hermione, a Washington DC lawyer and defense lawyer,
who specializes in congressional ethics and investigation said,
I don't think this is a close question.
She got subpoenaed.
They're investigating.
It's through obligation to disclose the matter to the House leadership.
If Harris indeed violated rule eight,
she likely faces a little more than a slap on the wrist.
Violations of House rules are handled by the House Ethics Committee,
which hasn't shown any compulsion to much enforcing of anything at any time.
Took it a slap on a wrist like this like that, and that'll be the end of that.
What every day a hawk and his castro sister stir it is wanting to cast her thing
and there's that fat Orlando Alzenquiri from Ramayama again.
She ended up here in Miami.
What's that guy's name? I don't know what his name is.
I don't know.
Armand Elseniro Alzenquiri.
Anyway, I'm sure you must have updated this because I told you I was breathlessly waiting for the outcome
of that Kansas primary election.
No, I didn't mention it.
Well, why at Hell not?
What is wrong with you, man?
You're not doing your homework.
Nope.
You're basically playing stupid songs like Who Still Locishka?
No question.
Brave Combo, by the way.
Who?
Brave Combo.
No.
Okay.
Do you tell me that's who did the song Who Still Locishka?
What came up on the Google?
No.
Over and over.
No.
Brave Combo?
The Brave Combo.
Oh, we'll see.
I'll check into it.
Conservative Republicans who approved new classroom standards that call evolution into question
lost control of the State Board of Education in Kansas and Tuesday's primary election.
A victory by pro-evolution Republican candidate Janna Schaever.
Over conservative Republican Brad Patser, who supported the standard treating evolution
as a flawed theory, men conservatives would at best have five of the ten seats on the
board.
Five seats were up for election in the primary.
The latest skirmish to see-song battle between faith and science that's opened up Kansas
to international ridicule and rightfully so, by the way, deservedly so.
Conservative Republican John Bacon kept his seat by besting two pro-evolution challengers,
but Schaever's wins split the makeup of the board between evolution supporters and opponents.
If you want to see that was vacant because a conservative Republican evolution opponent
was retiring.
The standard was time to retire.
Besides Bacon and Schaever's race and the seats of two conservative Republicans who oppose
evolution more programs along with that of a democratic favorable, the Make-A-Long Story
Shore.
Good news for the roundersers for a change in Kansas.
Of course, who don't care about Kansas anyway, right?
Right.
Was it Bill DeRoe?
They might have been embarrassing.
Between Kansas and South Carolina, they'd go to his state.
857 votes on that poll will make that thousand easy before noon.
If I'm lying, you're dying.
I may not be before noon, but we will make it.
What question bugs you the most?
Can the world survive George W. Bush 232?
The San Coder have a we-wee, 134?
Is there life after death, 101?
Is there life on other planets, 78?
I didn't want to say penis again.
Where is Osama, 77?
Who killed JFK 69?
Is there a God 65?
Who killed Cockrobin, 29?
Who sent the answer, Acts 28?
And who's the Lechistia 14?
Who sent the answer, Acts 28?
Can you hear it already?
To the truth, who's the Lechistia?
Who sent the answer, I love it.
What really happened on 9-11-10?
Who let the dogs out, Scott 8?
Will I ever get late again, 7?
Is there intelligence in life on Earth 5?
You just put that on Earth, somebody got 5.
And based on all the things that we see going on right now,
and all the grotesque mayhem and murder and bloodshed,
I would say it's not easy to find it.
And the intelligence in life, either.
And who wrote the book of love's only got 4?
And you don't like that song because it's kind of monotone.
Oh, cute.
That's a good song.
What do you already played a little bit of it?
Yes.
It is good.
But I don't want to put the pressure on for you to play it again.
Not Frankie Anchovic, was it?
Well, that's it.
OK.
Frankie Anchovic, the polka king.
Did who stole the Chistia?
I told you.
All right.
That's the one I see you were playing.
I'm pretty sure.
One person did it apparently,
and so various names were coming up.
Wow.
What does that tell you?
Who stole the Chistia's fabulous big hit?
Big fat booby hit?
The big hit?
Yes, I do.
I remember what they really said too.
That was a prank that was Robert Dubal.
I know it was the network.
I mean, every great line see from the Godfather network or a Faso.
Oh, they got to be honest.
Very few lines as good as...
You're waiting for you.
Yeah.
Is that?
Poor Anchovic, he's dead.
She's still dead.
That's the bad news.
She was great.
She would just love her, you know.
Now she's dead.
1056 and of course dead.
Loving God, you know, that loving God who created man in his own image and all of a...
See, man created God in his image.
That's the problem.
All you kids out there before you go back to school to school.
That's the one thing you ought to learn.
Is man created God in his own image.
That's why it's brutal and barbaric.
And again, his own image.
Not women.
Women are like, you know,
and aptly use them and abuse them and lose them.
Good advice.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
It's been worth my instant trip at the Your Ratings in Diana now.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was to you.
And how?
You know, you can find somebody good enough to fill my veggie pants.
It's pretty amazing.
Right now, kids, I love to be coming back.
I'm sorry, considering I look weird in there, come to read.
And you want to know when we'll save you from shutting that transmitter to the ground?
Why? That's easy.
It's you.
All you need is smoke.
What's the big ass?
All you need is smoke.
And I'm out of breath.
All you need is a show.
It's a joke, bro.
What's your name?
I think there are three slots only that two to stay.
What?
Right now, my rating's that bottomed out in this case.
And what's made you have to read on these doors?
I think they are silverwoods.
And we did.
All you need is smoke.
Now we did.
All you need is smoke.
And we did.
All you need is a show.
And we did.
Right, hold on.
Okay, hold my hand.
We have by the way something.
Jack told me to give you this.
It's a black scene.
What the fuck?
Are you going to go fire me?
I'm going to fire you.
I'm going to fire you.
It's level two at five sixty-one.
We got that coming up at two.
Oh, yeah.
He really kicks him serious action at Spring Book.
The building master between two and four.
We could like run transmitter maintenance those two hours.
Save a lot of juice.
Third of Americans is spec 9-11 government conspiracy.
Oh my goodness.
Don't tell me Americans are becoming cynical and starting to face the truth.
Are they going to be bad?
Nevermind.
You're sure sent me some...
Let's see.
I actually left my radio on Tuesday after your show and heard the first segment of Vocamper.
He sounded extremely jealous that Mandage went to dinner with the president of Joe Stonecrap.
Mandage went to dinner with the president of Joe Stonecrap.
Oh my God.
I heard that only 14 people went including Mandage in his life.
So obviously, Vocamper was not going to be invited.
Perhaps you can ask Mandage why he went when you started doing crossovers.
I'm not doing a crossover with anybody.
Okay, crosstress, crossover.
We're not going to be doing that whoever wrote this idiotic crap.
Also what says.
Oh, this is amusing.
Yes, quite.
I saw the very Jack Astor on Saturday by WVQM looking to team Kenny Walker with Orlando Elsec,
or Vocamper to replace Hank Goldberg in the morning.
Why are you letting them get away with this again?
Why am I letting them get away with this?
I got something to say about it.
Oh, brother.
It's the same old crap, man.
I get a breathless call from Joe Bell after he got his lobotomy finished.
And he's giving me all this information.
You know, like it's all on a QT and don't put this on here.
And the same is always.
And then the next day it's in the newspaper.
This has always been a way, it's been, don't breathe a breath of this on a year.
And then the next day it's in very Jack Astor column in the hero.
Every synchantite whether it's Greg Reader, Joe Bell.
And this is the way they program the radio station.
Why are you letting them get away with this again?
What are they going to learn their lesson?
Give it to the damn sports programming.
Well, that's a good question.
Okay, Proud, I see the fine finger of clearance in this.
You know what I mean?
Also, I was wondering who's on the news story about the Charlie Kristen,
a view on Jim DeFeedy's radio show.
Kristen said that gay civil unions are fine.
And they hadn't decided on gay families being able to adopt.
I didn't even know Jim DeFeedy had a radio show.
We had some kind of a veiled reference to that on Tuesday.
Some facts where they didn't want to come out and say it.
That the gigantic enormous Jim DeFeedy's always 600 pounds soaking wet.
And you know, Charlie Kristen is, yeah, I know that for a fact.
You know, there's no question about it.
How come they didn't put that right out there in the radio.
There's nothing that there's anything wrong with that.
But if he's going to be a Republican queen running for office,
I think that the right wingers and the Bible's on prison thought out of no about that
before they go and cast a ballot.
Don't you think that's a good idea?
Hey, Charlie.
You're fairing.
Now, can I get back to this please?
Please.
Why did I, how do I let them get away with this thing?
I thought it was great.
Yeah.
See, this is, this audience out there.
I mean, you people are delusional.
Like I told you, the checks show up on time.
They're like clockwork, no per they show up early most of the time now,
because I've got them trained.
And then that's it.
And I should also put out here that today,
starting with this past Tuesday show, which was a great show by the way.
Thank you.
Starting with that day, today is the only show I'm going to be doing in 13 days.
Wow.
Now that's how I counted the days, anything like that.
So with a schedule like this and a kind of money there, pre and me,
I give a crap what they put.
I don't care what they put on.
They can have Monashah school in a corner in the morning singing his Hebrew laughter again.
I don't care what the hell they do.
His bar mitzvah laughter.
890 votes, 89.
But it's like Tuesday all over again.
Remember that we got the WLS Chicago.
By the way, start peeing over there, blah, blah.
I was reading Lanciter's blog again this morning.
He's trying to fill up that jugger.
And he keeps it in the refrigerator.
Oh, I don't want to go into that.
I should.
Oh, boy.
Third of Americans is spec 911 government conspiracy.
This is the coin that the latest, oh, I see flashbacks,
Ogby pulls on here to over 70 million American adults to put a new 911 investigation.
More than a third of the American public suspects that federal officials assisted in the 911 terrorist attacks
or took no action to stop them.
So the U.S. could go to war in the Middle East according to a new script sourdough,
How University Pull.
Ready for that?
More than a third.
The National Survey of Distribute 1000 else also found that anger against the federal government
is at record levels with 54% say they personally are more angry at the government than they used to be.
Whenever you still like them very much, but now we're really peered.
Why spread resentment and alienation toward the National Government appears to be fueling a growing acceptance of conspiracy theories
about the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon?
Suspissions that the 911 attacks were an inside job,
the common phrase used by conspiracy theorists on the Internet,
who have become nearly as popular as decades old conspiracy theories,
that the federal government was responsible for GFK's assassination,
and that it discovered a proof of space aliens.
Was that space aliens?
Maybe that he was out of this world a little alien?
Maybe that's why the aboloscope took a check in about that.
What is that there?
You know, what is that?
70% of people who give credence to these theories, oh credence, let's place ECR.
What do you say?
Come on right up.
Pete, bold you're happy.
Oh please don't.
70% of people who give credence to these theories also say they become angry with the federal government than they used to be.
36% of respondents overall said it is very likely or somewhat likely that federal officials either participated in the attacks on the World Trade Center in Pentagon,
or took no action to stop them because they wanted the U.S. to go to war in the Middle East.
War in the Middle East?
Look at the great job we're doing on intervening right now,
I'm bringing peace and tranquility.
Not like I said, oh there's more crap from Israel.
Single has full of rocket.
He just promised he Israelis that he would make sure that Hasfala was not going to be a threat on the Northern Israel border.
But obviously at least for His Holiness, Hasfala is still very much a threat.
It's just that seven people being killed.
Yeah, they tried this for 18 years, didn't work too well, but I'm sure they're going to get it all taken care of right now.
Until this weekend when they said, oh well, we're getting the peacekeeping force.
You notice how everybody is volunteering real fast as send their people in there?
Oh yeah.
21 more dead in Afghanistan by the way of suicide bombing, including another Canadian, a...
A quarter.
One out of three sounds high, but they're very well made me right,
so Lee Hamilton, former Vice Chairman of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the U.S.,
also called the 9-11 Commission.
His congressional-appointed investigation concluded that federal officials bungled their attempts to prevent
but did not participate in the attacks by al-Kaeda five years ago.
A lot of people I've encountered believed the U.S. government was involved, Hamilton said.
Many say the government planned the whole thing.
Of course, we don't think the evidence leads that way at all, he said.
The poll also found that 16% of Americans speculate that secretly planted explosives not burning past New Jets,
were the real reason the massive twin towers of the World Trade Center collapsed.
And what about that building of tower number seven?
Shut up, Cali.
Oh.
Conspiracy groups for at least two years of also questioned why the World Trade Center collapsed when it fires
that heavily damaged similar skyscrapers around the world did not cause such destruction.
16% said it's very likely or somewhat likely that the collapse of the twin towers in the Ork was added,
aided by explosives, secretly planted in the two buildings.
12% suspected Pentagon was struck by a military cruise missile in 2001 rather than by an airliner captured by terrorists.
That lower percentage may result from an effort by the conservative Washington-based U.S.
Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S
Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S. Air-U.S.
What is amazed me is not that there are conspiracy theories, but that they didn't seem to be
getting any purchase among the American public until last year or so, friends, to say it,
fencer.
Although the Iraq War was not directly related to 9-11 attacks, people are now looking
back at 9-11 with much more skepticism than they used to.
And I got that story by Paul Joseph Watson.
Norad tapes only intensify in plausibility of the 9-11 official story.
I think I may read the whole thing.
It may take me a while.
You know what?
Too bad.
And it said, you got it.
Too bad.
I'm on my pointed rounds, man.
How's the cast are doing?
896 votes.
By the time we finished the break, we'll have over 1200.
Aren't you primeing it over 900?
Other than that.
897.
Who wrote the Book of Love is still in last place?
Who did write the Book of Love?
I wonder.
Wonder Wonder.
Who Bidobi?
Maybe Larry Dobi wrote the Book of Love.
The number they're saying in that song is kind of like the Kingsman.
Yeah, listen to the lyrics.
I'm kind of like Louis Louis.
The lyrics are very careful.
It's like some kind of a premieres, pinko-plug.
That's a good song.
But that said, do-op thing.
How is the do-op shop coming around magic?
Let's call it a little bit of a hell.
And we're going to ask the do-op shop.
Who was the guy that was on that show that kept bugging us all the time to rip Bob Hamilton on here?
Oh, I forget.
We don't care about any of that crap.
All we know is that Ricky Tiki is still alive and he's still kicking ass and we like him a lot.
And his calf still smells like hell.
That's a good Ricky Tiki, as in Rick Shaw.
As opposed to the evil Ricky Tiki was on CNN this morning.
It's a lie. I am not.
I'm not saying.
Yeah, we believe you.
Get rid of the cap.
Meal.
Yeah.
Gasoline prices were expected.
They hit $3 a gallon by the start of the summer.
But guess what?
If you're one of the people cumin at the prices you see now, just wait.
Sir, it was so nice.
It was.
Black women in 67.
1967's most exciting program concept.
Still another fantastic concept.
It's like it's going to be $4 this summer.
Now I can't afford it.
It's really healing.
When I started driving it was less than a dollar a gallon.
Now it's.
Oh, this is crazy.
I can't afford failure.
I can't believe my eyes.
Three nights in.
No.
For where you live, you're mad.
Oh crap.
I can't do this at all.
Won't drive anymore till the price is small.
You have to wonder what's going to happen next year.
Are we going to be talking about $5 a gallon?
1117 at 560.
That's what it takes to keep those red heads pacified over there in Saudi Arabia and
whatever else.
Then you bet $5.00, $6.00, $9.00, whatever you want.
Right?
Right.
People keep paying it.
That's the best part.
Don't play me for any of it.
I don't drive.
908 votes on the pool.
We'll have that 1000 by noon.
I have a feeling in, or maybe by 1230.
What do you think?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Give us a little extra slack in there because there's nobody in town.
There's nobody around.
Plus, like I said, we've alienated every group in the excepted Jamaicans.
Don't want to cut off your contacts.
Oh, look at this.
Look at this.
Jim Kik couldn't believe he was invited to have dinner Sunday night with President George
Bush.
The former dolphin star was also surprised to find out.
I remember the current coach Nick Saban had an invitation and turned it down.
Always liked that Nick Saban a lot.
Maybe it's the Michigan State Factory.
I think that's it.
Must be.
No, it's the fact he turned down Bush for dinner.
If he invited you, Otis Swoolery.
We have a full fledged insurgency and full blown sectarian conflict.
Oh, well, I got a line for that, honey, but I'm not going to say.
Yeah, careful.
The former dolphin star was surprised to find out.
And all honesty, it's certainly his choice, but I find it hard to imagine turning down the
President, Kik said.
It's only probably happens once the lifetime and schedules can be rearranged.
But at this particular time, I guess football is more important.
I certainly can't condemn him.
I certainly don't think I would have done something like that, but I'm not a head coach
and I'm not in charge of a lot of football players.
Said Jim Kik.
He's kicking an old style.
Kik was one of four former dolphins who I'd dinner with your President Joe's stone crab.
Paul Finn quarterback Dan Marino said it.
It doesn't so, Danny Boy.
Say it isn't so, you idiot.
You're quizzling.
You, uh, you fairy.
You Joker look alike.
Dan Marino was on, handled on with Nick Bonacani and Jim Mandage.
A rock.
Wrapped their wives.
The dinner party, which total 14 also included Andy Garcia and Fat As governor, Jeff Bush,
who probably ate and ate and ate and filled his fat, ugly nasty face until he practically
swooned and fell off the chair.
I was waiting for that.
I had lasted from 7 p.m. until between 9.30 and 10, with the menu consisting of frozen stone
crabs, which it's not even the season for them, Alaskan crab legs and steak.
The president said, bring everything you got, Kik recalled.
There was even birthday cake in a course of happy birthday for Mandage, prompting Kik to
tell the way a former dolphin tied any should thank the president and governor for coming
to his birthday dinner.
Ha, ha, ha.
It was a pretty wild feeling, Kik said, knowing you're sitting down and having dinner
with the most powerful person in the most powerful country.
It's something.
And all honesty, we had a great time.
We just talked about sports and very little politics.
Usually you pay 20 grand, you can't get within 100 yards of the president to speak to him.
It was something special for all of us, I'm sure he said, oh brother.
You know what this is?
The term for this?
Lack of self respect.
That's the term I would use for this whole story here.
What is this in Florida today?
Sabin, which flown in, I guess, bigger to talk that often on Sunday night, said it was
a tough decision to turn down the president, but felt it was his obligation to be with
the team.
Also, rumor has it, by the way, is a Democrat.
How does Kik think his former coach Don Shulo would have reacted to him in a rotation like
that?
And all honesty, I don't think he would have, I would think he wouldn't have said no,
Kik said.
And that a great way to phrase it.
I would think he wouldn't have said no.
I think we would have rearranged things and made it possible for him to be there.
I can't speak for him.
I can only speak for myself.
How do you like that?
And Shulo!
Yeah, and speaking of that, how come they didn't invite the brainstem?
I mean, why didn't it have to be the current coach?
He could make it, why couldn't he have to fill the net?
I got to look for something else to do.
Oh, okay.
It must have been it.
It must be it.
Brainstem didn't show up.
It wouldn't have invited.
Here are some good news.
Only good news today.
Well, mostly, except for all those dead people who were used to that now.
We're being decensitized all of that.
And here's this dog and pony show there, this big hearing with Hermann Guring-Rumsfeld.
So that in 2005, a text by the Taliban and other anti-colyt...
You know, one thing I love about her is, man, she is so forceful, you know, she's dynamic.
She, I think she's in that book I love with the monotones.
She'll set the world on fire.
And you and she could, like, you lope and run off together.
I thought the word do up for you.
You could do your mom phones together.
Maybe that artist.
It was a hip baby.
Get out of here.
That big hip.
Booming trap.
Couldn't have met my love.
Very good.
But that's not the original song.
No.
So old.
It isn't Jesse Dolvin, whatever the hell that is.
Oh, that Jesse Dolvin and the, uh, Bruno's.
Isn't that what it is?
Yeah.
Oh.
Good night, man.
Oh, what a night.
Okay, that's enough of that crap.
Say that for Bob Hamilton on Magic.
All do off all day.
That's the new format on Magic 1 or 2.7, starting of this minute.
All the do up.
Here's to Hillary.
She's still the record of confidence in executing.
Seriously, I mean, she is.
You can just draw a, like a sandy patent, a 60-cycle tone.
Just draw a straight line.
She's flat lining it.
Anyway, here's something that good news.
Momentum for Ned Lamont.
The anti-war Connecticut, US Senate candidate, increases as he rolls to a 54 to 41% lead over the
end of the day.
I'm going to a new Quinnipiac University poll released today.
Bye-bye, Julie Lieberman.
This compares to 51 to 47% Lamont lead among the right to the Democratic primary voters in
age of 20th, pool.
And I hear it is, so it's, uh, August the 3rd.
In this latest survey, 5% of likely Democratic primary voters still on the Senate, but 85%
of voters say their mind is made up among Lamont supporters.
65% of the voters mainly against Lieberman.
In other words, we don't care who it is who's running it.
We wouldn't know this guy from Dave Lamont.
We wouldn't know him from Lamont Cranston.
And we don't care.
We don't want no more Jew Lieberman this phony baloney.
This right-winger in drag.
Lieberman's support for the war in Iraq is the main reason that these people are voting
for the challenge.
It says 44% of the Lamont voters say, with 50% who say the war is one of the reasons.
Senator Lieberman's campaign bus seems to be stuck in reverse.
Despite visits from former President Clinton and other big-name Democrats, Lieberman has
not been able to send me to Lamont Tide, so Quintenpack University, Polar Director,
Douglas Schwartz.
The incumbent is this five-day-to-turnness race around, but never count out of veteran
with his experience.
Two, three months ago, Lamont was virtually unheard of except for perhaps on the blogs.
As Democrats get to know Lamont better, they like what they see.
Lamont has established himself as a credible alternative to Jew Lieberman.
I like that.
And this goes on pages and pages and pages of all of the numbers.
This one says this and that one says that and but a bit, but a bit, but a bit about.
Which is the second best line in the Godfather's best line was the thing.
The thing that brought it, brains on all the unice, I believe suit.
Yeah.
How do you do that?
Oh, it's magic.
It's magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's a magic, right?
It's just a-a-tatterily here right now, because I want to have a lot of time.
It's going to take me like two segments to read that whole thing.
Paul Joseph Watson.
Norrad tapes only intensify the implausibility of the official 9-11 story.
Now, I thought I'm a skeptic, you understand?
I thought it would be skeptical about George Bush and Dick Cheney and all these Neocons.
They put the Cahn in Neocon.
There's another one for your old chicken next friend.
We're here looking to good.
That's what?
Twenty five past eleven at five, 60 and nobody came.
and I'm gulving it too.
That's the bad news.
Let me tell you about some good news for your feet.
Take those feet.
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mud.
That's what Rick Reverse said just before he died.
Any?
That has played
sub-times
the blame
of snakes.
Samuel Jackson stars
and the Lexaniki check for snakes on a parade.
Is that the best they could do for a title?
Here's the actual pitch for this film.
It's a plane, see?
I get this.
It's filled with snakes.
Sounds interesting.
What do you call this act?
Snakes on a plane.
Wouldn't they have to be inside the plane?
Yeah, well.
How about flight of fear?
Wait, wait, wait.
I got it.
The mile flight club.
Why not the snakes didn't wear shoes?
Wait, how about this?
Stuartous?
There's a snake in my sandwich.
Oh, no.
Okay.
It's a snake on a plane.
But put a big dent on the side of it like it struck a meteor or something.
Yeah.
All right.
We hold your shoes and watch snakes on a plane.
Now board it at the end.
935 votes on a pool of 1131 before we do anything about that 9-11 thing.
Here's more bad news.
Okay.
A report by columnist Sidney Bumenthal in Solon claims that Israel is receiving intelligence
from the U.S.'s National Security Agency.
Bumenthal claims to be in touch with a national security official with direct knowledge of
the operation to supply Israel with signals intelligence from America, ask American
assets to help it monitor armament transfers from Syria and Iran to Hezbollah.
He states that President Bush is approved the intelligence sharing.
Bush is being influenced by Neo-Con's and his administration by Vice President Dick
Cheney's staff and Elliott Abrams, senior director for the Near East on the National
Security Council.
The group according to Bumenthal seeks to start a forefront war by giving Israel a pretext
of direct-to-sterectarian insiria.
Secretary of State Condom Lisa has been briefed as not a central actor in the plan.
Here's a, it says, an excerpt of the restricted access articles provided below by Roch
Story.
Great.
The national security agency is providing signal intelligence to Israel to monitor whether
Syria and Iran are supplying new armaments to Hezbollah as it fires hundreds of missiles
into northern Israel according to a national security official with direct knowledge of
the operation.
President Bush has approved the secret program.
Inside the administration, Neo-Conservatives on Vice President Dick Cheney's national security
staff and Elliott Abrams, the Neo-Con senior director for the Near East on National Security
Council are prime movers behind sharing NSA intelligence with Israel and they've discussed
Syrian and Iranian supply activities as a potential pretext for Israeli bombing of both countries
the source-private conversations about the program says.
Intelligence, including that gathered by the NSA has been provided to Israel in the
past for various purposes.
The Neo-Con's are described as enthusiastic about the possibility of using NSA intelligence
as a lever to widen the conflict between Israel and Israel and Hamas into a forefront war.
Secretary of State Condom Lisa said it would be brief and to be on board, but she is not
a central actor in pushing the covert Neo-Conservative scenario.
Her briefing appears to be an aspect of an internal struggle to intimidate and marginalize
her.
Recently, she's come under fire from prominent Neo-Con's who oppose her support for diplomatic
negotiations with Iran to prevent its development for nuclear weaponry.
When it doubtful on their ass, baby, that's what it's all about.
The Neo-Con, I'm telling you, man, they're taking this down to the road to hell.
And the public's suspect, but a beep, but a boop and he's stupid as hearings go on and
there's that stupid as Hermann gearing rum-spreadled.
What's the answer about a double-v rum-spreaded rum-and-dangerous just like his president?
939 posts.
We're not going to make that thousand by noon.
I'll tell you that.
Maybe by 12, oh, I don't know.
About 30 minutes.
About 30, because we got 942 right now.
Good pull.
Yeah.
Thanks again, Sean.
You're the man.
The pull man.
Gotta have somebody helping us do these tough dead summer times.
What question bugs you the most?
Can the world survive George W. Bush 251?
Does Ann Cooper have a penis 139?
Is there life after death 105?
Where's Osama 84?
Who?
Is there life on other planets 80?
Who kills JFK 72?
Is there a God 72?
And that's a big drop off to who killed Koch Robin?
That's only God.
About 30, man.
30.
Who sent the answer act 28?
Who let the dogs out of 20?
What really happened on 911?
Since you play that record, they have both for the Kishka's gone down.
Oh, David.
Who stole the Kishka only 15?
Probably Kerry Sarner.
Tell him it's Trace.
Is there intelligent life on Earth 9?
Will I ever get late again 8?
And who wrote the book of love?
It's only God 5.
Damn it.
That's a great song.
Sure as hell beats those other things, your point.
Jesse Belvin and the Blue Nose.
Yeah.
Good night, my love.
Oh, you know, who else did that song?
Good night, my love was The Cordettes, I believe.
No one did any of my love.
I'm sorry.
Ever that any of my love on, you know, on Brunswick label.
Well, if that's the right label, I might just have to pass on it.
I'm cadence records.
I'm sorry.
Cadence records.
You know, who else was on cadence records?
I give up Andy Williams.
You know, who else was on cadence records?
I give up.
Everly Brothers.
You know, who else was on cadence records?
I give up Roger Williams and Jane Morgan.
Wow.
It was constipation or a fascination.
Anyway, better do an early break so we can get this other thing in here.
Because there are a lot of people out there who would, you know, just like this poll says,
they will, although only 21 people want to really know what happened in 9-11, and probably
that's because they all think they really do know.
Yeah.
Oh, right.
Man.
I don't know if I want to do a redistory, this one from a prison planet, because, you
know, I mean, some of their stuff is okay.
But they tend to be like really off the walk in spiritualist crazy people a little bit
at times.
The story I read to you from Royal Walt Pindi.
Although it kind of ties in with that city Bloomingfall piece that I just had there,
the former chief of ISI, Major General Hamid Ghul, has predicted that America would definitely
attack Iran and Syria simultaneously in October.
Does that October surprise?
Surprise!
He was talking after attending the Hamdad-Maisla's Shura to the evening.
Hamdad, a Hamdard.
He also condemned the lackluster and weak reaction of Pakistan and Islamic bloc about
Israel's attack of Lebanon.
Inelizing coreworsenery, he observed that the war is both political and strategic factors
and, despite using Israel, America has lost the war in Lebanon where masses have united
against the reason Israeli onslaught and would have been more formidable if the generals
of Sodom hadn't sold out to American dollars.
He analyzed that Israel would soon be forced to stop its land strikes, but would continue
its horrific and heinous air strikes against Lebanon converting it to ruins.
Horrific and heinous aimists.
He also predicted that after Iran and Syria, Saudi Arabia would also meet the same fate
followed by Pakistan.
How do you like that?
That's what he said.
He said he said.
All I know is there's one fine kettle of fish out there and you can smell the stench
all over the world now.
There's no global warming either.
It's just warm, that's all.
It's just warm and a good news is we don't have to worry about Chris.
That's the great news.
I know who's probably pretty happy about that and between Colin Et poker.
Good job by Chris.
Yeah.
23-till-no, don't forget Gaudi, a two mad dog.
Oh boy.
Straight on the heels of his adinner without presidentay.
I wonder if he would wipe the fascism off his brow.
Mad dog at four o'clock, then the Marlin stuff.
What was it, Squirrel Eyes night, Johnny?
Six five?
Oh, well at least they were competitive.
That's right.
They're hanging in there and it sounds like I really care.
No.
Anyway, Marlins on deck at 630, Marlins on the med 705, etiquette 10.
See, it's too late because it's the dog days of summer.
So even though they had this resurgence here in Alaska part of the season, it's too late.
They lost the fans out there in the first two, three months.
And if you don't believe me, take a look at our Marlin numbers in our last book.
Oh brother, woof!
My god.
I tell you Joe Bell was pretty peered about that.
When he was on the phone giving me all that secret insight information about the new
programming that was in very Jack Kansas column two days later.
Well, not too happy with those Marlins.
22-till-noon at 560 WQM.
Hey, oh, hey.
Hey, hey.
Guys, guys, guys.
They used to say last night, like he takes it up the earth.
He stayed with a little past all leaves me alone.
I wanted you to go into space.
The media got on my case.
To watch a scene where I get for a human bone.
You know that I can't save no more puns if that's right.
I'm supposed to do that.
I'm supposed to do that.
I'm supposed to do that.
You're fairy.
17-till-noon.
My finger got stuck on it.
And the button too.
First time for that.
No-rad tapes only intensify in plausibility of 9-11 official story by Paul Joseph Watson.
Newly released portions of No-Rid tapes in 9-11 featured in the Vanity Fair article do
little to answer skeptics questions about the impotence of US air defenses on 9-11, and
if anything only increased focus on the incompatibility of the official version of events, would
what is actually known to have taken place on that day.
It is clear that the exercises revolving around hijacked airliner schedule for that morning
created so much noise in the system that controllers could not pinpoint the positions of any
of the real airliners to orchestrate any kind of intercept.
Errant ghost aircraft such as Delta 89 and American Airlines 11, which controllers were
to where had already cracked into the world trade center north tower, continually confused
No-Rid officials, and at one point after Flight 77 is hit the Pentagon, they even intercept
their own aircraft.
Several exchanges between No-Rid personal outline the confusion that the drills caused and
delayed the responsive air defense procedures, there is a texture of the verbiage between
the air traffic controllers and the aircraft.
I'm not going to waste my time reading that.
When he told me there was a hijack, my first reaction was somebody started the exercise
early, said mission crew commander Major Kevin Nassipani.
Nassipani, how the hell would you say it?
Nassipani, any S-Y-P-A-N-Y?
That's what I'm going to say.
Nassipani sounds better.
No, Nassipani.
Here we hear a par-Sipani.
The exercise of running numerous war games where planes would be mock hijacked in crashing
the high-profile targets is dismissed as a coincidence by the writer Michael Bronner with no discussion
of the astronomical improbability of the two scenarios colliding in lines with similar
same target same time drills which took place during the London bombings.
The tapes betrayed the fact that noir has attention to the fact that Flight 77 was heading
toward Washington are virtually non-existent as they struggled against authorization to
shoot down stray aircraft.
Despite the lies of Dick Cheney and his subsequent TV interviews and statements given under oath
to the 9-11 commission, those shoot down orders never arrived even after the United
93 had crashed in Pennsylvania.
While Noir had struggled to comprehend what exactly was heading toward Washington, Dick
Cheney and his PEOC bunker things apparently were a lot clearer.
The testimony of Secretary of Transportation director Norman Maneta is brought under more
scrutiny by the Noir ad tapes.
How could Cheney know exactly what was heading for Washington and give clear orders for
its path to remain clear while the very people mandated to defend the skies of America
scrambled this way to make sense of the chaos and jet fighters in the positions they needed
to be.
All right, and get fighters in the position they needed to be.
You follow that?
No.
During the time that the airplane was coming into the Pentagon, there was a young man who
would come in and say to the Vice President, the plane is 50 miles out.
The plane is 30 miles out.
When it got out of the plane, it was 10 miles out.
The young man also said to the Vice President that the order still stand.
And the Vice President turned and whips his neck around and said, of course the order still
stand.
Have you heard anything to the contrary?
Secretary of Transportation director Norman Maneta's testimony that 9-11 commission
may 23rd 2003.
The impotence of Noir ad and only having access to four fighters to cover the entire Eastern
Seaboard of the U.S. contradicts the fact that 35 U.S. Air Force bases alone would
then range at the hijack place, but we're never called upon or give it as an option.
The quick response by Noir ad to the golfer pain stewards off cost.
Are you prepared?
Remember painsteward?
I do.
I'm going to surprise that in four more days.
I just want to tell us to know that all of us American gov is on the run of company.
We are Chinese too.
There you go.
I'm off.
The quick response by Noir ad to the golfer pain stewards off course aircraft in 99 is
often cited as contradicting with procedure 9-11.
In addition, there were 67 occasions where fighters were scrambled to intercept air and
aircraft in the 9-month period before 9-11.
Other segments of the tapes only raise more questions and don't provide any answers
to long-standing mysteries.
How did they admittedly and competent pilot hijackers turn off the transponders of all
the aircraft?
A procedure according to professionals we've talked to was often beyond the capability
of even the most experienced commercial pilots.
In one portion of the tapes Noir ad personnel are heard to marvel at the excellence of the
hijackers strategy.
9-23-15 Anderson says they're probably not squawking anything broadcasting a beacon
code anyway.
I mean obviously these guys are in the cockpit.
Mississippi, these guys are smart, unidentified male.
Yet they know exactly what they wanted to do.
These guys are smart.
Contrastness statement were those of the flight instructors when describing the skills
of the alleged hijackers.
Mohamed Ahtah, his attention span was zero.
Khalid Al-Mindar, we didn't kick him out.
They didn't live up to our standards.
Marwan Al-Sihi, he was dropped because of his limited English and total incompetence
at the controls.
Salam al-Hazmi, we advised him to quit after two lessons.
Did the descriptions afford these men's square with a chaos that their skills in evading
detection brought to the Noir ad control room?
Or were the planes being controlled by some other means than morons who could barely
get single-in-danceses off the ground, but who apparently ran the world's most sophisticated
air defense ragged for hours?
Does the panic that envelops the Noir ad control room and the fear that new reports of hijack
planes will never end?
Couple of inspectulation that anything, the White House and the Statue Liberty are mentioned,
and could be a target, corroborate with the actions of President Bush in security detail?
Reports of numerous spray aircraft bombs on planes and truck bombs that depended on a fly,
and yet President Bush hits calmly in a floater classroom, apparently safe in the knowledge
that he's not a target.
Why wasn't the President hurried into the nearest underground bunker as soon as Khalid
told him America's under attack, unless Bush's people were confident of the exact targets
beforehand, and that Bush himself, himself, wasn't one of them?
The writer of the vanity fair piece has taken the Noir ad tapes on their own and attempted
to forward them as proof that the official version of the venture is largely accurate
minus the proven lies about the unauthorization of shoot downs.
The problem is that the behavior of the errand planes went overlaid with the activities
of Cheney and Bush, standard intercept operating procedures, minus the intentional confusion
of an untold number of blips from the Noir ad drills, and the incompetent hijacker simply
doesn't corroborate.
Furthermore, the tape portions amount to a total of no more than 20 minutes of hand-picked
communications, and it is admitted that the discussions of the higher brass are not
recorded to the secrecy.
Nothing is mentioned of the six tapes of air traffic control communications with the
hijacked airliners that were deliberately destroyed by FAA managers.
The purpose of the vanity fair and a similar Washington Post article is to whitewash the
entire affair and blame 9-11 on the incompetence of Noir ad.
The Noir ad tapes far from dissolving so-called conspiracy theories only syrup to support
the weight of evidence that points directly toward a deliberate plan on 9-11 to make the
air defenses of the United States impotent and to enable the planes to find their targets.
Forget just for your proof, we'll just write to absorb and or not.
More of those conspiracy theories.
There you go.
That's right.
More of them, Commie Pickle conspiracy theories who just don't trust the American government.
Lots of winged ravings and ranting.
Right.
That's right.
987 votes on a poll.
What question bugs you the most?
Can the world survive George's W. Bush two and a half years to go?
Oh my God.
Oh my God is right.
260 votes.
Does Anne Colter have a penis of 145 as if there's any doubt?
Is there life after death 109?
As in PT 109?
Where's Osama 88?
Is there life on other planets 81?
Speak at a PT 109?
Who killed JFK 80?
Is there a God 73?
Who killed Cockrobin 31?
Who sent the anthrax has got?
God third man.
Although I think they've got a person of interest.
Who let the dogs have 24?
What really happened on 911 only 23?
You know why would anybody care about that?
Who stole the Kishka's got 16?
Almost as many as what really happened on 911?
Is there intelligent life on earth has got 11?
Will I ever get late again 10?
And who wrote the book of love?
It's only got 6.
So lament he says.
And what does that have to do with Fidel?
Uh oh.
Starting up again?
No I'm just curious.
In fact that's a good poll question.
Maybe you want to steal it.
I don't know what was I going to do.
That's a good poll question.
What percentage of soft load of Cuban exiles do you think is going to return if Castro dies
and if Raul can't cut the mustard?
And if they democratize Cuba?
What?
See the question?
I mean I realize a lot of things have to happen.
But then again, the question I had is what's going to happen if Castro should die?
Yeah.
Are you going to use that?
Maybe.
And of course I'm going to use that.
It's Raul, you fool.
Yeah, yeah.
For how long?
It's wrong with you.
About 10 minutes.
He's a vulnerable fool.
He's like a radio.
He's Castro's freight up.
Oh no, I can't believe you said that.
Well.
I can handle things.
No you can't.
No.
I'm not giving everybody shit.
Let's go.
I'm scared.
And I want to spin.
I'm afraid.
If he would have just said one more Hail Mary you know what that would have done it.
You see, I was thinking about the other day.
Well I always think about these things with a religion.
It's especially what's happening in the world right now.
But all this good murder and bloodshed and my religion is better than yours.
I'm going to kill you.
These baseball players like Pudge Rodriguez you know.
You know, it's bad enough that you get conditioned in doing certain things.
And of course the Catholic Church is probably better than anybody at all.
Although they're all good.
You know like the Muslims.
Oh yeah.
And the Grand Onerogic carpets and the Orthodox Jews at the waiting wall.
And the Orthodox Jews are all the way around, and the Orthodox Jews are the women who are trying to pray there.
And they're doveting back and forth and rocking like they got ants in their pants.
But these ball players that come up and cross themselves and Pudge Rodriguez does that.
Maybe Josh's know it says before every pitch.
A lot of them do crap before every pitch.
They have their little thing.
And mostly I think that's a Latino thing isn't it?
Not really.
It's a Catholic thing.
No.
But I think certainly the Latin Americans are much more brainwashed.
And just your regular pedestrian or ordinary Catholics.
A lot of them are more Catholic than anybody except the Irish.
Well, you don't see Dave O'Brien crossing himself before he calls every pitch to you.
You don't see him.
Well, you don't see him.
That's because you don't see him.
Maybe he's doing it up there.
But all kinds of things crossed up there.
Yeah.
Like Joe Angel, he probably got him turned into a oppressor.
Nice going, Dave O'Brien, you idiot.
But anyway, that's it.
See, any of you people out there, if you're...
It's like the people that nail a Mazusa on the door.
Or at least that's only a one-time thing.
You don't go out every day and nail a Mazusa on the door.
Or it can't hurt.
To keep the evil spirits out.
That's right.
But people who are like just automatons,
if you get brainwash, when you're going to go through all of this ritual,
all this is a song of the dance.
Why?
That's my question.
Why?
It's so easy to brainwash people.
Why are people so stupid?
In fact, let's put that on.
That poll, what question bugs me the more than...
Why are people so stupid, it's a big question.
And we got a thousand four votes.
I can't believe you, folks.
Man, this is amazing.
This is amazing.
Tuesday, we have what do we have by the end of the show,
over 14,000 votes, wasn't it?
I mean, not that that number really is any significance rating.
Although that's a lot more or less reason they have across the street, all day.
Look, how long are they going to keep that charade on, huh?
Wouldn't be something that they had to often give, and there was no radio station to broadcast it.
And by the way, for five million here, we don't want it.
You can keep it.
Yeah.
We already lose an arrest on the Marlins.
We don't even lose in five million here on the Dalton's.
You ought to hear these salespeople that are whining.
Oh, Jesus!
I can't sell this crap.
Well, with the big numbers you got, you should be able to turn that around.
Why are most people so...
How do we want to phrase that?
Oh, this just in.
Is real?
At least seven civilians killed in rocket attacks in order to...
Because you're like, that's news, okay?
That's news.
What I've said, all the...
The only problem with this is this isn't what I had in mind.
See, because a lot of innocent people, they'll just innocent pain in the ass bystanders,
are getting killed all of this, going going on for three, four weeks now.
As opposed to the crazy, the far-bison, you know?
The ones who are like, waaaaah!
Just whipped up with all their hysteria.
Let all the fanatics go there right to the border and just kill each other.
Leave everybody else alone.
So, where do you think, maybe a hypo would be good for your summer trip?
Oh, yeah, I can't...
We're gonna send George to hypo.
Why are people so stupid, okay?
We just put them on. I wish I could change my vote.
They really are.
That's one of the reasons, I mean, I like...
Doing this show is a real great education.
Because look at the cause we've taken over these years.
And of course, you take them now.
And the summertime when I'm only on like five weeks,
I'm gonna take phone call.
No chance.
No chance, baby.
Did you talk about that article that I faxed to you even though I was non-yes today?
I faxed you the article a night before?
I mentioned it, but I didn't read it or anything.
I said it that you would be talking about it more today.
Red Cross workers and residents of Kanna,
this is from the Interpress Service to the night,
whereas really bombing killed at least 60 civilians over the weekend.
The total IPS that no-has-below rockets were launched from that city
before the Israeli-East Reich.
Well, you know, they did it 10 years ago.
I guess maybe practice makes perfect.
Or if they say in the church practice makes the prefect.
They moved back.
It shouldn't have done that.
The Israeli military has said it bombed the building
in which several people had taken shelter more than half of them children
because the army had faced rocket fire from Kanna.
The Israeli military has said that his-below was
therefore responsible for the deaths.
There were no-has-below rockets fired from here.
32-year-old Ali Abdel told IPS.
Anyone in this village will tell you because this is the truth.
Abdel had taken shelter in nearby house when the shelter was bombed at one o'clock
in the morning when the bombing finally lit up in the morning.
He went back to the bomb shelter to search for relatives.
He found a 70-year-old father and 64-year-old mother both dead inside.
They bombed it and afterward I heard the screams of women children
and a few men they were crying for help.
But then one minute after the first bomb, another bomb struck,
and then after this there was nothing but silence.
And then the sound of more bombs all around the village.
Maasin Haashen, or is that Maasin Adams,
Maasin Haashen, a 30-year-old construction worker
from Kanna who lost several family members near the earth right in the shelter
said there were no-has-below rockets fired from his village
because if they had done that now or in the past,
all of us would have left because we know we would have been bombed.
Kanna had been a shelter because no rockets were being fired
from nearer survivors said when his-below fires their rockets,
everyone runs away because they know when his radio bomb barbedroom is coming soon.
That's why everyone stayed in the shelter in nearby homes
because we all thought we'd be all right since there were no-has-below fighters in Kanna.
It went to a light block taking the, you know, microtolouis in the Bronx,
where he'll be safe yet.
I just mentioned that in passing, okay,
because you're gonna believe whatever you want to believe.
That's a problem with people.
They believe whatever they want to believe.
Whatever their brain washed into believing, you know?
They're all crazy.
They're crazy people is what they are.
Crazy religious get-kies, fanatics,
and they're busy killing each other.
And now the Neocons, God only knows what kind of crap is being cooked up,
although it sounds more and more like heinous and the heinous.
Yeah, I meant, it's the sunny, more sinister by the men.
And what am I talking about the Neocons?
They will do anything to keep control of the USA.
Wow, that's like us.
We'll do anything to hurt that other radio station.
That's right. We'll do anything to hurt Joel Feinberg and we're like,
what he's doing to a daddy's wallet.
This is Neocons.
Who runs this?
This is 5.62 AF.
And security, Tom Ridge.
Advising you to put duct tape on your radio,
when I raised the warning color to Bink,
wore the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
Between our world and ours.
What was that?
There is a very thin barrier.
Do us a game last night?
Yeah, that was a good game.
A game.
There was a triple flight.
A triple flight?
Did you hear that?
Lady in the water cooler.
What other things do you watch on television?
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Oh, that's pretty good.
Where?
Water cooler talk will never be the same.
And night shamalons, lady in the water cooler.
12.02 at 5.60 WQM.
Get that bitch out of that water cooler, man.
Water's starting to taste pretty nasty.
Andrew Barge Schmuckler.
Remember him?
Who?
Come on.
I'm just talking about...
How long is this baby?
Oh, my God.
What are you talking about?
Oh, that baby.
Three pages.
And what has this got to do with Fidel, man?
What does it got to do with all those exilios
who are just waiting to go back?
Yeah, that to me is a slap in the face.
If you're part of South Florida, if you live in South Florida,
you've got these people who have been there 40 years,
50 years, whatever it's been now, let's see, 59, 40,
almost 50 years.
And they're, oh, I'm just here, I've got like one toe on the ground.
I just can't wait to go back.
Just one thing.
Like I said, pack it all I still, maybe you know,
chain, get that out of here already.
Look monopoly, just visit.
Yeah, what are you waiting for?
Go back now.
Cut the crap.
There's one thing I can't say that somebody who claims to be an American
who's busiest spend all their time outside the country.
Well, I'm sorry.
What?
I don't, I'm just a human being, that's all.
Yeah, I want to be a guy who doesn't get to it.
I can't afford to be where I like it, you know what I mean?
And as far as being in Florida, I don't want to.
Anyway, Andrew Barchmuckler's website,
nonsoblind.org, is devoted to understanding the roots of Americans
present moral crisis, and the means by which the urgent challenge
of this dangerous moment can be met.
His author of such books as The Purple of the Tribes,
the problem of power and the social evolution,
and debating the good society, a quest to bridge America's moral divide.
He also conducts regular talk radio conversations in both red and blue states.
Well, that's darn purple of men, I'm showing up.
Andrew Barchmuckler writes, proof that the 9-11 commission did not do its job,
an evidence that it doesn't care.
Shall I read this?
I'm gonna.
Sounds good.
I do not know what the truth is about 9-11.
I don't know whether the official version of events is substantially correct
or whether it's full of holes, whether it was basically an honest job,
or was it cover-up.
I've studied the matter enough to know some substantial points on both sides,
but I lack the knowledge and the expertise that would be required to draw
any hard and fast conclusions, but now I do know something.
I know that the 9-11 commission has failed to do its job,
and that it is not acting responsibly in view of that fact.
The job of a commission like that appointed a study into report to the nation
on the events at 9-11 is too full.
First, it is to investigate the events and to draw valid conclusions about what happened.
Second, it is to enable the American people to come to a common understanding
about an important and sensitive part of our history.
Such consensus is vital because disagreements and suspicions about such national traumas
are potentially poisonous to the body politic.
In Germany, after World War I, for example, the belief that their defeat was not
due to events on the battlefield against the enemy, but to a stab in the back
from parts of the German society, hopefully the foundations for the coming to power
of the Nazis and for all the nightmares that followed from that.
And the commission certainly understood full well the centrality of this consensus-creating function.
Whether or not the 9-11 commission fulfilled the first function to establish
what happened, some recent poll data proved indisputably that it has failed
with respect to the second.
A Zogby poll shows that more than 40% of Americans believe there's been a cover-up.
When nearly half the population of the U.S. doesn't trust the truthfulness of the 9-11 commission report,
the commission clearly is failed to do a job.
Not like the Warren commission report could be like that could it.
The Zogby poll data presented as I saw it an opportunity,
and I took steps to see if that opportunity could be seized.
Well, I thought the poll data might help to occur would be they have a real debate,
fair and rigorous between strong advocates of both the commission's explanation of 9-11,
and these skeptics and challenges of that position.
That seemed to be important for the nation because up till now there hasn't been any such
confrontation between the different positions, and such a confrontation would be the best way to get the truth to emerge.
This is in a courtroom procedure, different propositions can be clarified and tested,
so also in a well-conducted debate.
I contacted some of the more prominent challenges to the official version
and found them eager to participate in such a debate.
They also indicated doubts that the people associated with the commission
would be voting to join in such a process, because they found those people unresponsive
to previous interfaces to engage with them.
But I had hoped that with the poll data indicating clearly that the commission had failed pretty seriously to achieve the goal
of resolving the uncertainties of the American people,
the moment was propitious to try to unlist their participation such a debate.
So I wrote the following letter to members of the commission,
as well as with slight variations to others with technical knowledge
who had been associated with the report, and it's got the copy of the letter.
And the end, I look forward to hearing back from you, and thank you for your consideration.
I sent out more than a dozen of these invitations, and the answer I received was completely consistent,
absolute silence, not a word of response from a single person.
What is one to make this such a failure to respond?
The sheer uniformity of the response he'd just had some explicit policy to stonewall has been handed down from above.
If some of the invitees had sent some sort of refusal, while others had simply ignored the invitation,
this inference about a general policy would be harder to draw.
But when a substantive invitation like this, he listens to not a single word of response for more than a dozen people,
it seems hard to believe that each recipient is making his own decision about how to respond,
which leads to the question, why would there be such a policy of stonewalling? That's the question.
Like I told you before.
Why?
If we're not for the Zagbi poll results, one might imagine that the forces behind the commission report
might have decided that the report is so persuasive and valid that can stand on its own,
with no need for further defense, that the challengers are so off the wall that would be mistaken to dignify their claims
by bothering to refute them.
But in view of these poll results, cited in my invitation, of course,
showing that 42% of the American public believes there's been a cover-up,
and in view of it being one of the commission's responsibilities to produce a national consensus
and leave the matter on resolve, this policy of not dignifying the skeptic seems unsupportable.
The committed challenges who I invited offered a different explanation.
The commission they maintained knew that in a fair and rigorous debate,
the findings of their report would be ripped to shreds.
Thus, they are stonewalling in order to avoid having the report fully discredited
in the eyes of the rest of the American public.
That explanation is plausible, and if it were true, it would mean that the commission failed to do both aspects of the job
and supposedly was charged with, in other words, that it hadn't only failed to produce the national consensus the country needed,
nor had provided the country with a valid account of their real events in 9-11.
On that point, on whether the official version is basically valid or full of holes,
I remain uncertain, still wanting the kind of rigorous encounter of ideas
that would enable non-experts like me to see which notions survive scrutiny and which do not.
But the refusal of the creators of the 9-11 commission report to take to the feelings
that the fence does measurably increase my suspicion about that official version.
And even if the challengers are not correct in their interpretation of this refusal,
even if it isn't because their position is indefensible,
did I say position? It would seem to indicate clearly that at the very least the commission doesn't much concern itself with the fact
that nearly half the American people believe the report is a cover-up of the real truth about 9-11.
That in itself is a disturbing and disreputable state of the affairs.
And I would say you are.
Absolutely correct.
I do like that.
Tell me people.
Pretty heavy duty on a hot summer's day, man.
Not so hot here, thank the Lord.
In fact, for a cast and over.
Notice how cast and over is numbers went up when I started doing Toronto Weather Reports?
Ladies, during one off the year on the Torres Strait Radio?
Oh, 23 at 73 and a little murky. Oh, hallelujah, man.
73, do you know how that's like heaven?
Yeah, I'll take it.
1025 votes on the pool. I got to find out some new news.
Lighten it up a little bit, Neil. Lighten it up. Not so heavy duty.
It's summer, it's hot. People are sweating. There's schwitsin over here.
They're all out of the town anyway.
I don't blame them.
But here's a good news for you.
The fries on Capitol Hill are French again.
I saw that on the news.
And the good news?
Oh, yeah.
That's almost as exciting as Elvis' Teddyburg, in tune up by that crazy dog.
So is the breakfast toast in the congressional cafeterias with both fries and toast having been liberated from the Appalachian Freedom.
No more freedom fries and no more freedom toast, like a bunch of little children.
Three years after, House Republicans trumpeted the new names to get back into French for snubbing the coalition of the willing and a rack.
Congressman Donivolana talked about French fries, which are actually native to Belgium.
And then they see the right hand of this is chopped off again.
But I'm getting tired of that.
Neither represented as Bob Naveau, hiring a wall to be Jones, a Kerron North Kerron line of the authors of the culinary rebuke.
We're rolling this week to say who led the retreat as it were from the frying pan.
But retreat there has been is a casual observer can see from himself in the house basement cafeterias.
We don't have a comment for your story, said a spokesman for Mr. Nay.
We don't want.
Several Republican staffers and lawmakers suggest that the change isn't worth investigating, unlike the eagerness marched to 2003 to get into the headlines about patriotism on the menu.
It's almost beyond belief.
Mr. Nay, who was then chairman of the House Administration Committee, which oversees the cafeteria,
is completely announced to change at the height of the anti-French sentiment.
When Paris scolded Washington that the U.S. led invasion of Iraq was premature, just like all the dancing in the streets in highly and sweet water in my man's South Beach, premature about Fidel is dead.
Not yet.
Soon.
Oh, geez.
The action today is a small but symbolic effort to show the strongest pleasure with many on Capitol Hill with the action of our so-called ally France.
Mr. Nay said in March 11, 2003.
The Nay spokeswoman who wasn't aware Monday that Fries and Toast had reverted their original names observed that representative version of the Michigan Republican who shares the House Administration Committee now has the right to change the name.
But John Brandt, a spokesman for Mr. Ellers, doesn't want to talk about it either.
Officially the committee has no comment on the matter.
I really don't see how this is.
In other words, it was a story when they changed it to Freedom Fries and Freedom Toast, like a bunch of petrolant children, because they were pissed off at those obnoxious disgusting French.
But now when they change it back, now it's not a story.
A spokeswoman for the panel's Democrats says she's unaware of the change, and none of the House staffers are willing to talk about it.
A manager in the House's basement cafeteria said Freedom Fries and Freedom Toast were taken off the menu last week.
And we've all called to the Capitol's guest services department, the cafeteria and the Longworth office building apparently restored French fries all the way back in January.
Democrats on the panel didn't return calls requesting comment, but other Democrats who would call to switch, no more place you absurd are free with equipment.
They're yuffing it up.
Because this is a bill while all these people are dying. One of the bombs are bursting in air.
But then again, that's the American effort and ways, isn't it?
Show the bombs bursting in air.
I've burst a few in the air myself.
This is Neil Rodler, who is going to be here on this, is 5.62 AF.
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Boy?
Girl, what are you doing in the dark, T wanna join us?
DO YOU bricks Thenz foundations?
Hmmm...
I think you're going to that with the
longer. Anthony Wade in op-ed news. This is where it's at. If I were to read you one thing,
it'd be this. This would be it. He's a contributing writer to op-ed news.com dedicated
wedge-ocaine to populist allies and abuses of government independent writer from New York.
With the political commentary article seen on multiple websites, a Christian progressive and
professional rehab counselor working with the poor and disabled. Oh, gee, it's catching. Yeah.
He writes feeding the sheep nation. And above the article, it says, a nation of the quote from
Edward Armero, a nation of sheep will be get a government of wolves. And he writes,
Edward Armero could not have envisioned how prescient his quote would be for this day and age.
The past, truly, is prologue as we continue to see how the government and its media machine,
its media machine feed America what they want them to believe. The great lie theory used to be
telling such a huge lie it'll make it believable, but in lighter day American any old lie will do
as long as you keep telling it. But it's not just about the lies. It's about some basic truths
that corrupt this nation and are at the heart everything wrong today. These basic truths are what
are at the core of so many other problems. The first such truth is that the two party system is
destroying democracy as we know it. Don't get me wrong and Republican party is clearly the
greater of two evils and needs to be voted out of power this November. The trail of abuses and
conciliations to the executive branch of government has been nothing short of treasonous. However,
those expecting the democratic party to be a panacea will be sorely disappointed. Given the same
complete control, I doubt the Democrats will behave any more ethically than the GOP has. Their
leadership is fractured and Kivall can't give off a clear direction to agree upon. All of them
know the truth about the war, abuses of governmental power and continuous illegal activity, it only half of
them are willing to stand up against it. I think he's been generous when he says half.
The problem is that there just is time to the status quo is to be publicans. Even a second class
party gets to Don at the trough of waste and corporate kickbacks, never had this realization
crystallize more than when John Kerry walked away from this country and handed the presidency back
to Bush when he knew he had been cheated. Some may say he did not know, but if that was the case
then he was entirely too stupid to be present anyway. No, the bigger reason was that he got to go
back to Congress as a millionaire senator. He still gets to the limelight, he still gets to
notoriety, America still gets to shaft. The sheeple mentality however believes that while we can get
31 flavors of ice cream in this country, we can't get more than two coherent political streams of
thought and that is simply ridiculous. What this leads to is having to compromise your principles
and hold your nose when you cast your ballot. Christians who feel compelled to vote pro-life,
for instance, are compelled to vote pro-war and pro-poverty. There's no room for dissension. You
dare say you're in the middle, your ridicule does not take a stand. More importantly however,
the two parties defend the system with great political violence. Unless you're a billionaire,
you cannot run as a third party candidate, let alone become involved in the debate process,
which has become nothing more than a dog and pony show. Even if you do manage to get through
somehow on a Ross Perot, you're demonized by the press and marginalized to the point you never
have an even playing ground to begin with. Why? Because the chief priority of the two parties in
this country is not the American people, it's preserving the two party system.
The second major threat tearing apart the fabric of our republic is the consolidation of the media.
This is what Murrow was referring to. Currently there are about five corporations that control
90% of all mainstream media in this country. These companies have business and political
agendas that don't include among them you or me. For example, the New York Post loses money
handover fist every year but is maintained by Rupert Murdoch and the losses sustained so they can
keep his right wing agenda on the front pages of New York. You'll never find a substantive
critical word of the New York Post of this President or this administration. Its goal is not to present
the New Yorkers but to package the political opinions of Mr. Murdoch and present it as news
just as he does with a clearly unbalanced Fox News channel. But Fox News is no longer the only culprit.
The real damage done by Fox News that makes other networks appear mainstream when they read the
hour-only Fox Light. Instead you have people like Tucker Carlson, Chris Matthews and Joe Scarborough
wrapped up as objective news hosts. It's through this media machine that the government feeds the
sheeple what they want them to know and withholds what they do not. Case in point was the coverage
on the main news networks did not focus on a rack the other night in the increasing surge in violence.
It did not focus on Lebanon and the child casually ready sitting 50% know it focused on Gibson Gate.
In fact, on the aforementioned Scarborough program the entire program was devoted to discussing
Mel Gibson's drunk entirety. Like the Scott Peterson and Natalie Holloway debauchos before,
these stories are designed to do one thing. Keep you folks on something other than what's really
going on in the world in this country. The last fashion of a job of objective news coverage is
the internet and they're trying to take that away as well through the net neutrality sham.
The goal is not only corporate profits but to keep the sheep buying all the while their country
is eroding. Nothing made this more apparent than when the major networks all got together to
agree to dismiss the obvious election fraud reveal to the exit poll they commissioned.
The press used to be about protecting the country from abuses of government but now it's about
protecting the government from the people. There is some brighter lights out there such as Keith
Overman but even that's not enough to offset the onslaught or package news brought to America each
year every night. When the administration is really in a bind it is patched chainy or roped to Fox
news for what is called an exclusive but all it really is is a platform to sell more lies to the
people of this country. That's how you see so many people believing Sodom Hussein had WMD.
That's how you have so many people believing a rocket I'll creditize news is no longer in the truth
business. The third major problem is the buying and selling of our elected officials every day through
lobbying. There are now 63 lobbyists for every member of Congress we have. These lobbyists don't
represent you or me they represent the interests of corporate America. The credit card lobby spends
millions of dollars to members of Congress and we get bankruptcy reform. The energy industry sends
millions of dollars to Congress and we get kickbacks to their industry's name regression of
environmental laws so they can maximize profits. John Bolton is so unpopular that President Bush had
a name in a recess appointment circumventing the will of all the people but now Congress may
approve him officially because of the efforts of APAC. This is all approved under the guise of
free speeches the American people are sold out every day over corporate interest. This is why people
like Jack Abramoff, Tom Delay and Duke Cunningham were allowed to prey on this country for as long as
they did. Lobbing is how we have the mess we see in voting machines in this country that resulted
in stolen elections for the past six years. Laws are passed that require states to use machines
that are made by partisan companies even though those machines are known to be flawed and provide
no paper trail. Lobbing is how companies earn protections from being sued when they
egregiously hurt the American people. Lobbing is why elections are less about who is the candidate
is and what they believe in and more about how much money they can raise. And I better do the
other way. I'm not a couple of biagres in here and then of course that don't know what will happen next.
206 pay, we'll get off all the serious kick to get to the important stuff at two o'clock.
We got Gelly coming up now. That'll make a girl man cry. This is Neil Rogers. This is
5.62 A.S. Now is that supposed to be the rejoin? Yes, that's right. Okay. Listen to me,
television is not the truth. So turn off your television, said, turn them off right in the middle of the
city. Everyone knows about the chicken egg with the mark of a la. Yum yum. I would love to eat
this most holy egg but I'm watching my cholesterol. That's why I switched to a la egg meters.
A la egg meters look and taste like a regular a la egg but they're good for you so you can have
these green sexy body. You've always been put into showing public. Each carton of a la egg
meters is made by 72 virgin chickens and part of their yeast complete breakfast. What without the
agent? A la egg meters death to America. From 29 to 65 maybe they're freedom egg
meters you think so? They must be. Anyway getting back to Anthony Wade feeding the sheep nation.
The fourth major problem facing this one-square nation is the consolidation of power to the
executive branch of government and the capitulation by congress to allow it to happen. President
Bush has now chosen to violate over 800 laws in this country yet he remains unquestioned. Clinton
was dragged down to the town square and flagged publicly for lying once about a personal
sexual indiscretion. The fact is that President Bush doesn't believe he has to listen to Congress
and thus the will of the people. He makes the grand showing of signing an anti-torture bill
and then promptly attentions a writer to what saying he doesn't have to follow it. He violates the
FISA act and when Trump brazenly says so what he then cuts a fake deal with the member of his own
party that doesn't require him to adhere to the FISA law but rather than he has the option to do so.
That's what the GOP calls a concession when the president agrees that he might follow a law
that he was supposed to follow to begin with. Lying to Congress has proven through the
Downing Street memos no investigation. Secretly it's a classified information, no investigation.
Secret meetings with Energy Lobby have to decide an energy policy, no transparency, the list is endless.
While certainly Bush carries the line, sure of the blame, he can only do what Congress allows him
to do. It is the GOP rubber stand congress that ascension the erosion of civil liberties,
wars of conquest based on lies, destructive fiscal policies that rewarded millionaires
in crippled the middle class, environmental protection rule backs that have led to record
heatwaves across the country while the GOP claims there's no such thing as global warming.
The dissimation to our educational system is this country as far too many children are left behind,
the attempt to destroy our Medicaid and social security systems and so many other
travesties that they can't be contained in this one article but are resonating daily in the lives
of the American people. The height of the arrogance of this administration is the recent
inclusion of money to convert the social security system in the account-based scan that Bush
couldn't sell to the American people for the past few years. You remember that, right? Bush toward
the country trying to sell his vision of crippling the social security system only to be strongly
buffed everywhere he went. Instead of bowing to the will of the people he back toward his plan
and related his budget, in the end it doesn't matter what we want only with the powers that be one.
There are many other problems facing this nation, they're all as vital as well but
what stand out on my mind, these are what the ones I think about when I think of the current state
of affairs. We have a government that is beholden to a failed system fueled by money that
bribes it daily and supported by a media machine that endorses it. They tell us what to be concerned
with and what to pay no mind to. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, just keep watching
the next segment of Mel Gibson until American Idol comes on again. The sheep just keep
you grazing and wolves keep getting fatter. What is the answer America? Stop being sheep.
If you turn on a news program that's focusing on historic stages,
Mel Gibson's feeling toward the Jews while our sons and daughters are dying in the sand to
direct turn the TV off. Go online and check out some progressive news sites to see what stories
they don't want you to be aware of. Take that knowledge and share it with everyone you can.
It's the mobilization from a grassroots level that can be the only solution to crises facing
this nation. When you see progressive candidates talking about real change, vote for them.
Be vigilant to any voting problems and don't just walk away. Send your letters to the editors,
email the network, sign the petitions, get involved. Throw your hands up in there, we'll only
embolden the people who view the American people as sheep. It's through the non-involvement of people
in this country that the wolves continue to grow in power. It's time to stop accepting what
they're feeding us and take back the US from the wolves and where our moral is both so
prophetically about so long ago. Pretty good article, that sums it up. Great.
What do I tell you? I like that one. I thought Howard Beal said something about turning your TV off.
There you go. That's how I displayed that. I thought I just displayed that a second ago.
When we came back on the radio.
1060 votes on the pool. Once we got to the thousand, they're going to like slack off real bad.
That's okay. We don't have any goal now. I told you that this weekend is going back to school.
We can, man, kids go back to school next week. Boy, used to be after labor today, after labor day,
another got to go back to school because there is no education.
Good. Leave every child behind, isn't that it?
Nothing I just read about Bush. Evan only runs in the family because his fat ass governor,
brother, he does the same thing. Whatever the people vote, he does the opposite. He'll do whatever
he wants. He doesn't care what you people think. That's why he's so wildly popular.
And then of course he comes to the county and the same mindless automaton who anybody who says
communist, the communist, and they vote against the sloths because fat ass governor came their
last couple of days and helped to defeat it. It's just amazing to me what cheap people are.
That's why that article is so good. I love that term. I wrote it down. It's cheap. I'm going to
$1,060. What question bugs you the most? Can the world survive George W. Bush, 274,
two and a half more year, 276, it just went up again. Almost as fast as the price of gas.
And thank you again, Mr. President, for the bargain basement gas prices we got because you
stuck the Americans in the oil fields in Iraq, not. And thank goodness that the gas companies,
the oil companies aren't making record profits like Exxon making $10 billion in the second quarter.
Thank God for that. Does that colder have a penis? 149. Is there life after death? 114. Where's
Osama? 91. Who killed JFK 86? Is there life another planet 82? Is there a God 77? What really
happened on 1137? And let's start to move up a little bit now. Good. So you can go on our website
and read both of those first two stories there. The Vanity Fair article, then the one that I read,
which is it's a pile of crap in a coverab and you decide for yourself. And when you're all done
reading it and the Vanity Fair article's about 6,000 pages, you'll go, what do them like that?
That's probably what Josh was thinking when he saw that story on there. A little long wasn't it?
He makes those noises all the time. So who killed Cockrobin 32? Who sent the anthrax 31?
Who let the dogs out 28? 26. Who stole their kiska only 18? Well I ever get laid again 14. Is
there intelligent life out there 13? Why are people so stupid? Stupid. How many votes that's got? Yeah.
Yeah. I risked my case. And who wrote the book of love has only got seven out of 1062. Nobody cares
who wrote the book of love. No. But I heard that's the good book. They come a Supra.
Warren Goldstein, or is he related to Geldi Goldstein? Do you think?
It's possible. I'll ask. Anyway, who is he? Oh, he's a former summer fellow.
Not in the winner of the fall, but just his summer fellow. At the University of Minnesota Humanities
Institute, he chairs the History Department at the University of Hartford, Warren Goldstein.
Better to tell the truth and parapropaganda, he says one can be a Jew who supports Israel's
security without buying the notion of widespread bombing of Lebanon's civilians is justified.
How do you like that? No. What an irrational concept that is. He says, I am a Jew and I'm an
English over both identities right now. But that sounds familiar. In my name, my country's been
supporting with armaments and its remaining diplomatic club, the reckless killing of civilians
whose only crime is to live in a country that cannot control its own fate. How supporting?
By not exercising its immense influence over Israeli policy and weaponry.
The country that considers itself a Jewish homeland has effectively declared Lebanon
a free fire zone and believes that if its military drops enough bombs on apartment buildings in
Bayroute, Hezbollah's strongholds and empties enough southern Lebanese cities, it will destroy
Hezbollah as a political infighting force. The mass grave in Tyre is now burned in Lebanese
consciousness along with Sabra and Shatilla. When I visit the website of Reform Judaism,
I see a propaganda effort on behalf of the Israeli bombs. What can I and my congregation do now to
help the people of Israel ask the headline? The answer now is the time to stand with Israel in
solidarity. I could the website suggest, post a We Stand with Israel Long Sign and proudly flying
in Israeli flag at your congregation. After all, Israel is a home for every reform Jew.
This is moral and religious nonsense. And it is silencing Jews who know better because the
Israel propaganda machine works most effectively through Jewish organizations, where any hint that
the lives of Lebanese children matter as much as the lives of Jewish children is treated as one,
a refusal recognized the demands of real politics, to slip or re-slope moral equivalency reasoning,
or three, treason. By these efforts Judaism has been reduced to political cheerleading and
international equivalent to what the American religious right has done to Christianity.
Too many American Jews are putting their religion on the shelf while they take up the
impoverished language of strategy and tactics and real politics. The god of Abraham, Isaac,
Jacob, Sarah, Riftka, Rachel and Leah does not distinguish between Israeli and Lebanese children.
Let me be clear. No nation ought to have to live alongside well armed, frankly, terrorist
political enemies committed with its destruction. I shed no tears for his beloved militants,
whose murderous raid clearly invited the Israeli response, and whose lack of respect for civilian
lives knows no national religious boundaries. Nor do I shed tears for Hamas, the latest example
of Palestinians propensity for self-destructive choices. Some form of Israeli military response
is completely understandable and justifiable. That's why we need an international police force
to patrol southern Lebanon, disarm his beloved and keep his relinquished borders. Israel's far
greater military power and its ability to inflict far greater harm, no jiggering the numbers can
hide to fact the Lebanese civilians are dying at roughly 10 times the rate of Israelis,
bring greater responsibility no matter what the other guys do. No religious or political
tradition worthy of the name justifies burning children to death in hopes of taking out a rocket
launcher. Doing everything possible to avoid killing civilians using anti-personnel bombs fails
the test is not the only the right thing to do. It makes long-term strategic sense as fewer surviving
children will grow up swearing vengeance. Nor should the fact that the Israeli public seems
unusually united in favor of the current offensive silence those of us who wanted the killing to stop now.
Most Americans reported the hopeless pointless and reckless war in Vietnam, which killed far
more civilians than soldiers of any kind until its last years, but the worst critics were right
right from the beginning. In that spirit, I hope that Jews and non-Jews like will reject the
Paul over debate about Israel and speak their minds breaking through their fear of being labeled
self-hating or anti-Semitic by so-called friends of Israel. Israel needs friends who supported
security until the truth, not sycophants putting out lawn signs. I wish Jewish congregations were
direct as much energy as they have lately expanded on a distant complicated killing feels and
d'ar fur, their Isaiah safer issue toward the far easier task of giving their own government to
make real peace in the Middle East by ceasing its blanket support for the Israeli government and
military. In the meantime, what secretariat state kindleys the rice calls a new Middle East is
being baptized in the blood of civilians, not on my watch, says Warren Goldstein,
so I think that's semi-self-hating. You can tell by the name, can't you?
1080 votes on the poll now. We're kicking serious big fat ass right now.
It's by the fact that we refuse to sit in and spew propaganda, okay? Oh come on, let's
probably let's cater the Cubans and the Jews and the dark folks and what groups should we
cater to next? Just like that old WS news crap with that barber stutterly man, I remember those days
like it was just yesterday. The Jewish people I love, my love, my love, oh my god, the city is real,
I love, oh and the old Jews that were crawling from that man was unbelievable. Nasty miserable bitch
phony is a $44 bill. The Jewish people I love, my love, yeah right, you should live so long.
Go back in a kitchen with Senator Hill from highly and see what you can cook up honey.
Wonder what ever happened to some of those people. Would that be interesting to find out what
happened to some of these PLI used to work with over these a lot of money you had?
Barber stutterly? I don't know. You think God's mighted her? I think she might have been
spoten. Oh, that might be a Senator Hill smoker. This is Neil Rogers. I see him. This is 5.62.8.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
Go Roger.
I can see an old man and Jim Kick and who else knew quite a conny,
He said there were George W and that's something that's yucking it up, talking about sports.
You know, you're a good old boy.
Just makes me want to peep my dress out.
Peep cup all out bacon I ate this morning.
Yeah, he did.
Come 46 at 5.60 WQA and we got Geltie coming up and two of them to do it for him.
Worst every time.
Mad Dog at 4.
He should be ashamed of himself.
Remember I was talking about how he gave all that money to Bob Graham?
Yeah.
I figured what that website is.
You can go and find out how much money anybody donated.
Well, I guess that was good for business, you know, for his construction business.
I'll cover it in all your ass on all sides.
Both cheeks.
Ted Rawl, you're a very favorite.
Good die.
He writes when you care enough to do the very least.
Are we the world's policeman or are we an empire?
The rest of the world is already made up his mind about us.
The president of the Pew Research Center, whose latest pull of foreigners find the hate
the United States more than ever, says, obviously when you get many more people saying that
the US is as much of a threat the world pieces Iran and some measure of how much they were
in Iraq is staffing goodwill to the US.
But we Americans are mainly deeply divided over American values and intentions at a
time that we got our story straight.
In 1975, Philip A.G. published his explosive memoir of his career as a CIA operative inside
the company.
The former black ops specialist provided proof about critics at long suspected that the
US government had assassinated popularly elected foreign leaders and propped up brutal
right wing dictatorships and countries like Ecuador, Uruguay, Mexico and Argentina throughout
the 60s and 70s.
Published in the wake of Watergate and the force resignation of Richard Nixon, discussed
for the dirty deeds he described by A.G., he can prove it to a reformist way of the
fact Jimmy Carter's successful bid for the presidency in 76.
Upon taking office, Carter declared the sole of our foreign policy to be concerned for
human rights.
Carter declared in the 1997 interview, announced that human rights would be a cornerstone
or foundation of our entire foreign policy, so I firstly designated every US ambassador
in order to be my personal human rights representative and that the embassy be a haven for people
who suffer from views by their own government.
And every time a foreign leader met with me, he knew that human rights in their country
would be on the agenda.
And I think that this was one of the seminal changes that was brought to US policy.
And over the first few weeks of his termized successor Ronald Reagan, this about this
policy and sent an emissary down to Argentina and a Chilean to Brazil to the military dictators
and said the human rights policy curve Carter was over, it was just a few months before he
saw that the American people supported this human rights policy and that it was good
for his administration.
So after that he became a strong protector of human rights as well.
The media and the public interpret the Carter's human rights base for in policy is welcome
radical and sweeping.
There were worrisome inconsistencies, Carter State Department continued to arm and finance
the violent dictators of Haiti, the Philippines and Iran, nevertheless the CIA was subjected
to budget pressing congressional oversight.
Subsequently US military involvement in Panama, Somalia, Kosovo, Afghanistan and Iraq were
wholly or insignificant part marketed as attempts to liberate the oppressed and protect human
rights.
Carter and Reagan convinced Americans of all political strife that defending the helpless
stopping genocide and overthrowing tyrants were our country's basic duties.
We still do.
Even though 63% of Americans say they approve of their own government's use of torture,
86% continue to believe that promoting and defending human rights in other countries
as US foreign policy goal is important.
In August 2003, an investor's business daily Christian science monitor pool found that
81% of Americans think that the impact the US has on the rest of the world under democratic
values and human rights is a positive one.
If we're so nice, why do they hate us so much?
The trouble with putting human rights first is that we have to do it all the time in every
case even when it costs us economically.
Integrity requires doing what is right even when it especially hurts.
Before Jimmy Carter, American foreign policy was a straightforward and cynical real
politic.
We fought in South Korea and South Vietnam as if we were moving pieces on a Cold War
chess board instead of blasting children to bits.
The despotic regimes we defended there were more brutal than their enemies.
Afterwards, we became hypocrites.
We went into Somalia which controlled the strategic port of entry for oil tankers, but
not Rwanda which had no significant natural resources.
We backed Sodom Hussein and Iraq during the granted lucrative oil concessions to politically
connected multinationals and attacked them when he didn't.
A true human rights based foreign policy would require regime change warfare against the
biggest evil doers in the world, including those willing to do business with us.
What we have now is a Chinese menu, pick one from column A and one from column B, Mishmash.
What do we do whatever we want?
We come up with a justification, human rights WMD's imminent danger after the fact.
People like this better when we didn't pretend to be so nice.
That's your buddy Ted Rawl.
Good day.
Good start to this, Ted.
Sharon, play you didn't have to be so nice but I love and spoonful and John Sebastian.
Oh, you should have said something.
Or play some old Joel Sebastian from WSYZ in Detroit.
595 OS will make a love.
We might make through a close to 1200 day.
That would be pretty good.
See, because the summer dog needs the way it works when it gets through the last, right
to the SN, you know, just before the kids have to go back to school.
Yeah, that's why.
Well, that's when everybody really bails on her late summer vacation.
You know, of course it's not that late, but based on the new calendar now, this is the
new world order.
Kids going back to school on the first four week of August, madness, lunacy.
All your kids out there, skip school, okay?
Tell them that Uncle Neil said it was okay.
Go back after labor.
Go back when you feel like it.
They're not teaching the true of anyway.
Go out and get some.
Like Sigourney Weaver said, the good stuff, whatever it is, whatever is the good stuff to you.
Go out and get it.
Robert Sheer writes, Israel's dependency on the drug of militarism.
Robert Sheer, they used to be in the LA Times, but was too less than too liberal.
Well, I feel like I'm Tuesday.
I did the whole four hours and I think I'm going to do it again today.
Certainly not taking any calls.
I got that monitor turn, it's in the odd position.
How do you like that?
Oh, okay.
Of course.
Anyway.
Hi.
Yeah, we can get some of those on there.
That's why I turn the monitor off.
I'm not tempted.
Because being weak like everybody else here, we know, let's see those lines start flashing up.
I don't think so.
Maybe next week, although I won't be here next week, I'll be on vacation.
So you take extra calls next week.
I'll take them twice.
Okay.
Hi, hi.
Robert Sheer says those who mindlessly support Israel right or wrong from President Bush on through the cheerleaders in Congress and the media,
betray the security of the Jewish state.
They are enablers who have encouraged Israel's dependency on the drug of militarism as a false escape from the difficult accommodations needed to bring peace to the Middle East.
Far too many pundits and politicians, bomb, I'm sorry, for too many pundits and politicians, bombing just seems so much simpler until it's happened in Con-Elevenon on Sunday.
Those bombs blew up to your nation's disgrace, slaughtering scores of innocence, who's only crime to be with to be caught in the crossfire.
Crossfire?
Oh.
The alternative to such excessive violence and authentic peace process had been supported by every American president and serietroman.
Yet it was abruptly abandoned indeed ridiculed by the Bush administration, which bizarrely believes it can recreate the Middle East in a more US-friendly form.
The president has framed this process with a simplistic, good versus evil template, which has the Christian, Western Jewish, Israel on a less unnecessary collision, course with the Muslim world.
Israel furlously jumped at the tempting opportunity presented by Bush, who believes all the complex issues divided in the Middle East can be neatly summarized as the choosing of sides in a playground gained called the post-9-11 War on Terror.
The current crisis is part of a larger struggle between the forces of freedom and the forces of terror in the Middle East, Bush said Monday, when democracy spreads in the Middle East, the people of that troubled region will have a better future, we said.
A prayerly Bush is unclear on the fact that Lebanon's Prime Minister elected after the country celebrated Cedar Revolution has condemned the uncredibles of court provided by the US for Israel since this conflagration began, or that has been in an important part of the Democratic government because of its popularity among the Shiite Muslims of Southern Lebanon.
Bush's neoconform policy cabal argued that troublesome regimes such as that of Sada Hussain could be easily transformed in deployable worth-leaning democracies.
Instead, the opposite has happened. Throughout the region, elections held by Bush have turned out to be a vehicle for the expression of religion fueled rage against Israel and its US sponsor.
Even the elected leaders in liberated Iraq and its liberated in quotes are denouncing Israel on the US. On Monday, the Iraqi Prime Minister appeared at a memorial service which he and other speakers condemned Israel.
Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sastani, the most important leader in post-Susayn Iraq, broke from his usually circumspect public statements to denounce this outrageous crime while Maktata Al-Sada leader of the country's most powerful militia and a key parliamentary block reeled against the ominous trio of the West Israel and Britain, which is terrorizing Iraq-Leban on Afghanistan and other Iraqi leaders.
Meanwhile, Israel with US support has ignored what it had learned through its occupation of Palestinian territories and previous disastrous attempts to subdue Lebanon, compromised from a position of strength as more effective than seeking a pure total victory.
Not only has each attempt to crush local resistance beget more radical and disciplined enemies such as Hezbollah and Hamas, but the likelihood of rage-fueled blowback is exponentially increased.
There is going to be another 9-11 and then we're going to hear all the usual clap-trap about how it's good versus evil and they hate us because we're good and democratic and they hate our values and all the other material that comes out of the rear end of a bull, London independent correspondent Robert Fisk, to interview our Amy Goodman on the radio program democracy now after watching dozens of children's corpses being stuffed into plastic bags or wrapped in rugs.
It is true that the Israeli withdrawals of the patented decade nearly complete in the case of Lebanon and cynically minimal in the Palestinian territories did not resolve all of the disputes or stuff all the violence.
Yet the abandonment of the peace process and the renewed reliance on bombs will perform more costly for Israel.
Long after Bush has gone from office Israel will be threatened by a new generation of enemies whose political memory was decessively shaped by these horrible images emerging from Lebanon.
At that point is ready to attempt to make peace with those they must coexist with will recognize that such friends such as Bush and his neocon mentors with such friends they would not like for enemies.
How do you like that? I like it a lot. Bobby Sheer and I couldn't up for the L.A. Times but good enough for the show. Probably because he was an anti-Semite. Oh is that what it is? It sounds like it.
All these Jewish anti-Semites like they look like an epidemic you think so? Oh you know still hating a lot of that going around. Yeah so I've been Cubans like me like you right sell out sell out.
I'm getting paid when you're going to when you've got to step up to the plate and put on your Gua Barra man and start waving your media no to it.
We're going to have to have a new era. The flag of that communist country all over South Florida. Maybe tomorrow another job to buy barra is real. Israel.
That's why everybody's letting America go to help because they don't give a crap but I got some bigger fish to fry like all those bombs bursting an arrow but they got on CNN.
Look at that. I don't want to take it. Thank God it's only a toad stool.
Claw though. You know you start to get really worried when you see the mushroom club once only a toad stool.
Claw it only kills like you know a few people.
If you're hitting us in some bike is 5.
Sixty two.
Just lapping all women with painted lips around the pole. I listen to the new Rogers one to two.
I mean I listen to the new Rogers here and balance one to two hours.
Well, I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
He's president of the
Republican Muslims and in our table is idiot.
I don't know why they want to scour the night's season.
First room to the floor.
Absolutely president of the
Republican Muslims.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
He said, that was not nice.
Tom Brady who has been a really courage other than the others.
I was searching for him, I couldn't find him.
Muhammed Walances says this department will monitor
robin and Tennessee believe you may they're really raw as a you the county
includes the city of Memphis Memphis has been the set of questionable
election management including a recent lesson in Shelby where a number of ballots
were cast by dead people you know why they have questionable elections in
Memphis don't you I give up you know who lives in Memphis lots of dark folks oh
who vote Democrat I thought you were gonna say Elvis now Elvis uh he know he's in
Graceland man where where where is Graceland I don't know about it without a
Memphis it is I don't know oh let's Google it let's all go to Graceland what do you
say not oh my god I'd rather read the Mel Gibson's to Michigan than hear
about the Graceland what are one of these people trying to tell us I have no
life Memphis Graceland is in Memphis I like oh no the department
indicated in a release today that it'll watch in record activities during
voting hours at various polling locations in Memphis to ensure compliance with
the voting rights act they're even gonna have to let some of you dark folks vote
not too many though the laws renewal recently signed by President Bush had
become a source of controversy within certain congressional Republican factions
because they don't like it when too many dark folks vote because that's bad for
Republicans the voting rights act but well I know comment I mean the fact that
they even have to like debate whether they were gonna renew it or not and there's
certain Republicans like oh no we don't want that we don't want that dark
vote and next thing you know they'll be letting like right to lie people vote
right let's bring back that poll tax while we're at it and that's it like in
Georgia and Kansas 1122 votes we got a shot of getting close to 1200 during the
show today that'll be on the front page of the Washington Post tomorrow on the
third of August in the middle of dog days Neil Rogers show gets 1200 votes on
it's meaningful poll I mean speaking of meaningful you know I was thinking
during that last break there probably are some diluted souls out there who
think think think that I believe that by doing all of this and you're carrying on
about these stories we know that that I'm like making a difference in impact I
know I just makes me feel better sure you know so at least when I hang up this
microphone I can say well you know at least I try to do something you know try to
tell you don't play me don't play me I voted for Gore I voted for Kerry don't
play me for this crap and then George can say well I put all those dumb
colors on that's right Tom there's a poll from Dave somebody it says what would
you do if you were at all you know I they must be psychic because I was just
also thinking about this during the break I was thinking about that very disturbing
business about mad dog and Jim kick kicking an old style and having dinner with
president I would if they paid me 50 grand cash small bills I would not go would
you go or you can't you must be asking Josh oh Josh would go he'll have a
free meal here here my he would just go for the free meal I would for 50 grand
only would I didn't they're not gonna offer you 50 cent okay maybe a
50 cent showed up but maybe you'd be there Joe Stone Crab I never never
eaten there all I know is that everybody tells me you can get much better stone
crab is a lot of other places I said they're free three times and if you gave me a
certificate all expenses paid I would give it away to somebody not worth the
effort there you go it's a state of mind it's like the forge it's the same thing
you know it's a place where a lot of plastic people go to be seen and the
shmuz and the shmere the maturgy you know stuff like that
hand likes it there but then again and Hank would have a few a few less meals you
know he lived a lot longer how's he doing by the way I haven't seen him in a
long time I saw him on TV there and oh my god last time I saw him he looked like
an apartment complex he'd do it fine I'm talking about his weight oh his size his
blood sugar all of these things okay and oh okay silence that sometimes speaks
him in words he's big big boy I was oh just thinking about fatso that's
seen where he's talking to his dead mother what do you think your baby boy
your chubby boy now ma I remember that's it yes oh that he I got me honest with you
know I mean there's some people you know upset because they know now that he's
a which nothing is anything wrong whatever but he's a panic he really was
even in those really bad burr Reynolds movies that's what I was just gonna get to
yeah he's funny Ken ball Reynolds isn't funny although I think burr Reynolds
might be yeah but that's another stuff huh vice-sociation no not by
so you never heard those rumors yes of course he's like one step away from Tom
Selick and I have good pull question who's had the most press conferences
tonight that he's gay is a Tom Cruise Michael Jackson uh Richard here Richard
here Tom Selick or maybe Kevin Spacey's gonna have one because he's you know
like half an and half out I don't know which hand let's see it says here what
would you do if you were asked to have the number the president one say F you to
go and gravel three go and tell them what you think well you wouldn't have a
chance to tell much of things oh no they wouldn't throttle you oh yeah they would
drag your ass away there and throw you right in the who's got with Cindy she
in no chance just stop and think about it all you people how much how much
self-respect could you possibly have to go and have dinner yeah and this business
well any president you know I mean then that's not the point not any
president they're just because they have a title doesn't make them the same
correct I have dinner with Bill Clinton sure you could tell you heart stories
have some good challenge and I guarantee it wouldn't be a Joe Stone crab either
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8
yeah
people all over the world losing a damn
guys getting a low and me bolly's approaching lasted
He has open fire!
We got bidders.
We got bombers.
Warning! Warning!
Contractors and martyrs!
We got profits.
I gasp prices.
They're going up by six cents.
Improvised explosive devices.
And the world just does not get what it's all for.
I'm caution now this isn't what.
I love this war.
There's a couple from Roughnecks who fight with their fists.
Go home!
Alibur. Money, money, money.
Reddickers use them.
Are you crazy or something?
Way more fun than Vietnam.
We got ours.
We got voters.
Do you think people will vote for me?
They're kids.
Both do angry to notice.
Everyone else will be dead and poor.
But your money and a mattress were all going to die!
I love this war.
One 19.
I'm assuming you saw that the piece about that children's hospital in Iraq that was supposed to be ready by now.
And as they were building that back till it was building.
And we were on NBC News last night.
For the first time that you and I were in Iraq, we have a lot of money.
But they were said that Brian Williamson reduced it with like kind of a shot.
You know, he said that we're always accused here in the media of not presenting the good things that are happening in Iraq or like the children's hospital.
Well, here's the real story.
And of course it's like about 30 million percent completed.
It's a shell of a building.
It's not going to be completed.
And they can't do any more work there anyway even if they had the funds because there's too much bloodshed and mayhem going on.
But nevertheless.
Let's see.
Somebody else has obsessed.
Oh, this must be Jim DeFeeda's assinous.
So we're looking for promotion.
The station's website features a countdown clock that ticks off.
They're in still prison and bushes on.
That's just scare America.
Oh, I see.
During a sometimes heated exchange between the host and the candidate.
DeFeeda revived the topic that Charlie Chris faced.
Lastly, whether he is gay.
The point is I'm not. That's the answer.
How do you like it, Chris said?
Not that there's anything wrong with it as they say on Seinfeld.
But I just happen not to be.
He was married for about six days.
A couple of months, whatever the hell it was.
Didn't work out.
Doesn't work that way.
He is a, yeah, an ally.
But nevertheless.
So this Jim DeFeeda's show he wants to siphon off audience and say, I'm going to work.
I have no idea what time he's on.
And the goddess by the way is on three to seven.
I didn't realize that.
I saw that somewhere on the internet.
So I was scouring all my stories.
Speaking of stories, I should have discussed this with you off the air this morning.
Oh, there's Hassan Nasrullah.
Nice outfit.
Nice headbeard.
These confrontations on the ground happening now.
On the ground.
It is started from day one.
How do you like that XN?
He's speaking on lesbianese television.
I don't care.
Or is he just going to say, oh, yeah, I'll do the stories for tomorrow.
Okay.
Man after that, you run your own.
I got it for a while.
And then for a week for Monday I'll give you a minute.
You might get myself a little time especially since I've been doing you such a humongous favor.
Although I'm sure it's only too happy about it.
Although I use more stories than I do.
Sometimes.
I'm just trying to catch up with you.
It will be nice thing to pay because you sent all those anti-synatic stories.
It will be nice thing to pay because you sent all those anti-synatic stories.
I have to start putting something that's a little bit weird.
There you go.
I'll be gone though.
Real close you can want to hear from our real anticem I mean from George. Yeah
Yeah, an anticemantic guy
1144 votes on a pool boy. We're so close you can almost taste it. It's been so close to you
You can almost oh man more times than I want to count. Yeah, I know, but you never quite get there. No dammit only once
1100
I'm going to Berlin right now. I'm leaving. I'm gonna conduct a one-man search party. Oh god
1145 votes on that pool. We need 55 more for 1200 if we need 1200 by two o'clock
I would leave here today and go on vacation to see them like I had accomplished like I had a moved the mountain man
Remember over the mountain by Johnny and Joe over the mountain is good song on a blue label. I do believe I remember the label
How is it that you know as you get older you remember such?
Unimportant things you know you can't get them out of your mind the important things like
There it is. I knew come true because I knew what's on it. It's in my I pie
An old fart like you's got an I pie you bet you 3300 songs in a day
Johnny and Joe in a midway their smash one hit wonders
Good song that's it up with though a
New Gallup pull release today revealed another upward bump in the number of Americans who now want a complete US
Trip withdrawal from Iraq in the next 12 months another upward bump
Kind like those kids in love with us been on they got an upward bump
The number now stands at 55% of Americans want a complete withdrawal in extra months with 19% supporting immediate withdrawal
No, I'd given to Labor Day and another 36% wanting to done by August 2007
While the percentage of Americans who fear and by the way Jim the fetus if you are sending the facts isn't trying to set off his show
Stay off the television okay, I don't know if he's still on that segment there on channel 4 get his fat ass off of there my god
I rather see who's the guy that they would a ham hox
Al
Sunshine ever their crope and see him again by the way Al some of us age well you're aging badly like Tony cigarette
But it there a couple of times he fell in for a hanky sounded like a hundred-year-old man
He sounded like what Bokobrod the chicken necklace like on the web page
While a percentage of Americans who favor withdrawal of all US troops either now or within a year is not a super majority
It is a majority
Suggesting that the democratic leadership is speaking to an issue that resonates with many Americans pranked Newport director of the
Republican leading Gallup poll rights today
Another majority 54% now says that US invasion in 2003 was a mistake
54% which of course ought to be 94% but then again going back to my choice for today's pool
There are a lot of really stupid people out there
The partisan divide remains wide open on the question of withdrawal
77% of Democrats want the US troops out in a year and only 28% of Republicans independence back a trouble on poll out at
56% as in Q56 and don't forget this show you fair put the Q in Q56
What's the Q stand for?
Queer now
Danny Shector writes how to watch the news in a time of crisis on media channel as his website
I'm telling you if you want if you want to find out what's really going on the world if you can't get BBC on your cable
Which most you probably can't unless you got a satellite dish? I think it's on dish TV
BBC clear today along a stretch of the
Gondon province hitting the cities of Yangyang and
Den by more speaking with
The panel of what it's about those brits
But anyway, you got to go to the internet now
That's why our website is such a tremendous few which service and too bad especially now during the dog days
That we don't have a lot more people reading those stories because I work my ass off every day
Even on days when I'm not working on a year to get those goods through his underwear
Josh cordis works feverishly
Giving up a lot of boozing and hoaring time that he could be doing it to get those on
Right occasionally, you know, I understand he works it in he just does both at once. Oh
Wow
On the weekends probably more so one and the other no lately. He's been this last Sunday boy
He really redeemed himself. I guess the fact that I whispered something about a check really got him off his dead ass or somebody else's
Daddy checked who says here's a lesson learned in a lifetime of watching wars on TV and reading about them in the press
You can't trust the media and you can't necessarily even trust yourself
It's the rare person who approaches a conflict like the one in Lebanon that we're watching every night with the background information to understand
What's on in front of our own eyes like in baseball?
You can't know the players without a scorecard having opinions are easy developing an analysis is not
Sometimes you don't need to know much when you watch the bodies of their babies being extracted from a building that's being bombed
It's easy to get indignant about atrocities and if human carnage doesn't and rager's sadden you
You have a lot to work to do on your humanity at the same time the real world is so much more complex than the dumb down version
We get in the media take the current conflict
There is no doubt that the massive media coverage is elevated from a regional conflict into a world issue
It influenced the domestic public opinion in the world is now impacted in the West as well
At the start of the issues were framed narrowly it appeared to be about the kidnapping of soldiers and the Israel government's reaction
The gist was simple to understand a crime had been committed
Hostages were held and some response seemed warranted as the fighting began Israel's concerns
Dominated the news and it spent was more or less accepted as gospel
But then it became clear there was more to it much more
First there had been a killing of a family in Gaza by Israeli warplanes that fed the first fires of revenge and
Retribution to the Palestinians the soldier of the occupations a legitimate target
Incidents like this have happened before even the soldiers father seemed to understand that and was critical of his own government for what happened next
To everyone's surprise Israel launched a massive display of firepower with an escalation of aerial bombardments as an aerial
Sharon suddenly an incident had morphed into the start of a war
Palestinian politicians were seized Gaza was invaded again the parliament and government buildings were attacked
Even as day by day events were being reported became clear that this was not just a reprisal
But also a pretext for a well planned escalation NBC's Martin Fletcher reported that Israel's military work plan had been five years in the making
Nobody nobody picked up on this group and then came Lebanon same scenario soldiers captured
We're still not clear if they were in Israel Lebanon when taken Israeli bomber screamed in retaliation mode
Even has velocity that were taken by surprise they saw the issue as part of an ongoing series of prisoner exchanges because many of their soldiers had earlier been kidnapped and held in Israel
Once the bombing of Lebanon began his beloved retaliated with its rocket attacks the bombing intensified often not precision or proportionality people began to die
Israel regretted the loss of life but claimed his beloved was using civilians as shields his beloved responded
They said in self defense the war blew up into a crisis in the early days the West media not fully report on civilian suffering
But as the war wound on the coverage wound up suddenly the world was seeing the horrors of a country being destroyed
But there has been this media not fully report on civilian suffering
But as the war wound on the coverage wound up
Suddenly the world was seeing the horrors of a country being destroyed
But there has been more than this going on and that's where the biggest media failures are and closely examining the world played by the US
Israel's prime benefactor in all this was watching them in charge into what degree who was using whom is the little war setting the stage for a bigger one
We know this is an issue. But what about the interest behind it?
Is this the case of today Lebanon tomorrow Iraq? What are the goals of I think it should say Iran?
It says Iraq one of the goals of each of the many parties to the conflict do we even know is it even being reported?
And that's where the media failure is most blatant it too often lacks context and background and so do we many of us don't know the history
But still rely on well-conditioned images impressions and ethnic loyalties many Jews taken Israel always write never wrong posture
Some Arabs have deep hatred is a cloud of understanding of how and why the US is often stage managing the conflict from the shadows
Even the left is divided a leader of Boston mobilization rights
I've never seen anything split the progressive community like the current situation in the Middle East
I believe that if dialogue is shut down now in the name of support for Israel this after was after 9-11 in the name of patriotism
Then we're playing into the hands of the Bush administration's war war games and so this crisis
Challenges all of us to go beyond the superficiality of the of our updating breaking news and study the background who are the players
Who's running the show in Israel and Washington? What is the real game plan watch what the politicians do not just what they say don't become a prisoner of mainstream press either
Take responsibility for your media choices read widely and seek out their first opinions
The Israeli press the Lebanese press and I'll just zero a dot net are all online with many other online sources including global voices online
Ron Cole dot com and media channel independent reporters like Dar Jamal are often closer to the truth on the ground and big media
Programs like mosaic on link TV and democracy now often have more accurate and well-sourced news
Call in your favorite bloggers to stop ignoring the issue for furrow alienated their readers don't be lazy and let others think for a Jew for you
Care to the driver. I'm bigger part
130 there's one either Castro
My brother
Why they
135 60 W. Jim. She's so small. So you know what one either she could almost be Jewish holy
Makina this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
This
See
Your daddy
And
The news they can't get enough of you
They point the cameras when you're on a fun that show to see your pathways and
A
Ligerent
Posted a child
Shows over and with a norm is manly and the biggest Adam Zappel
You were game end of that 26 still to we got dirty coming up at two o'clock man to get back to switch gears and get back to important stuff like
Sports now we're talking and thanks again to Ira Windbag for making those sports numbers so really fantastic in his brain book
Let's see April May and June was the spring and what was the NBA playoffs going on Josh wasn't it like in June?
Yes
Well, that didn't seem to have any impact
At least not a positive one anyway. All right, Shaq talk on and on and on and on and on well, that's what you think
No, I got the numbers right here. You want to go through them again?
1169 hosts. Oh, what I don't know you think we can do 31 hosts in 25 minutes. That should be easy and offshore
They're way more than one a minute, huh? Why don't you can do it folks if you try
1171 oh 29 minutes and 25. That's like one a minute God if we can't get one vote a minute
We ain't got nobody out there. 1172 look at that is another one. There's another one
What question bugs you the most can the world survive George W. Bush 295 and all you people by the way that voted for him
All new people that voted for George W. Bush. I would right now stop whatever you're doing and I look at my hands
Okay
If they're ready that's the blood that's on your hands
You have the blood of a lot of these innocent people and little children and all these other people all these sluppers on your hands
And if you continue defending that choice then you're really I would go to like
On 441 where they have all the pawn shops. Yeah
I'd be at a piece and I'd play Russian roulette with a fully loaded piece and just do us all a favor
So we don't have to put up with your crap again if you're that stupid
Like I said if all those exiliers if they should go back to Cuba
Oh man the political the political scene in South Florida would change dramatically. Oh, yeah, then they will fear us
That's for Danseur all this right wing crap
Then if we could send all the crackers back to Georgia as that's probably how it evolved when you think I shouldn't say
Evolved yeah all the crackers kind of floated down from your colinas named to Georgia and then into Florida
That's before all the New Yorkers all the Jews came in and then of course the Cubans
1172 votes what question those you the most can the world survive George W 295 does Ann Coulter have a penis 158
Think about it
And of course, that's really timely after that last bit about her gigantic Adam Zappel as one go hand in hand
Is there life after death on without hundred I T. Don't come in where
There wasn't supposed to be oh where is Osama 98 who killed JFK 92? Oh, it couldn't have been that Lee Harvey Oswald could it no
no chance
And I say to him what was the name that got it as the consp- oh, geez. I wish I could think of his name
He's so full of crap that wrote that book about the final case closed. Oh
All the shills all the time and who's that would be a good pull question one day who's the world's biggest chill?
Oh, now the information that I gave you from Rick and P.D. Bob Wolf looks great on Tuesday
Oh, that should give you a real good idea where he's coming from that was chilling. I mean chilling that really was
Have you seen this spot with little Richard?
Yes
Oh
I'm expecting to get a recording
Someone was there to help me
Help me somebody help me
Guy co got my claim in the works right all right
So technical difficulty radio here on size of the WQAM 17 to two the guys on the roof
I think it's probably one of the guys I let in so technical
